Is Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale?
No.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh right.
We talked to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and barred or pound 560 on your cell
phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Hey Sam, I'll go away.
It's not that we don't like you, but we don't.
Right.
God, is that thing real?
See you Sam.
Not feeling hopefully.
There he was just a walkin' on the sea singing.
Do I dare it, dare it dumb, dare it boy?
He's a man from the land of Galleries singing.
Do I dare it, dare it dumb, dare it boy?
He's good, he's good, he's bad, he's good, he's bad, he's good, he's bad, he's good, he's
good.
We walked on, walked on.
Did he care about the lunch boxes?
Hearrene can't flynym nuit down, he has a leg function everywhere
That's not Cenacale is heefin😂 obstructed.
Yes, they do.
What there's other people think it's so odd.
Now he's the reason that we have any sedation.
And to what it is that it doesn't, it doesn't.
Or any reason that all the Christians
are saying and to what it is that it doesn't.
They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down,
the man who wore a thorny glove.
Man, oh God.
I did it, done, done.
Do, I did it, done, done, done.
I did it, done, he's a Jew.
I did it, done, he's a Jew.
I did it, done, he's a Jew.
Do I dare to dare to give you a joke?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
13 of the guys.
Four, 13!
All right.
Well, how did you get to work?
He thought it was an accident.
Oh, my heart is going to lie.
Drop!
Yeah!
All right, we'll take it.
We'll take it anyway.
We can get it.
Four minutes after 10 to 5, 60, WQM.
There'll be a lot of people bellyache.
And there's nothing worse than cry babies.
You know, that's state of Pennsylvania.
They got one thing in common on the east end, on the west end.
A lot of cry babies there in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
Wait!
Too bad.
So anyway, so George Hand is the first appearance here.
So I think we're going to spend a lot of time on this.
Maybe we should have a contest.
Too bad we don't have random prizes to go away on this cheap ass outfit.
Maybe we should have a contest to see if anybody can guess how many people showed up at Georgia's appearance Saturday.
At the Buick joint down there in a homestead, let me give you a clue.
Oh!
Yeah, that's the clue.
Not two, not one, but whatever is right before one.
And of course, you know, this is like sabotage.
Sales holes, I don't want to mention no names.
I'll give you a clue.
Which sales person was behind it.
I can't mention his name for obvious reasons.
But what kind of jacket sends one of our people down there to homestead?
Do you think we really have anybody listening at homestead we used to before the whole town, you know,
would disappear in the hurricane, which was very sad.
But is there anybody alive left in homestead?
No.
In fact, that dealer, they said last time they had a customer, was before a customer was a baby, something like that.
That's what they said.
Before the base shut down.
They were selling buggies back then, I think.
So Georgia was down there for two hours and him and what's his name?
The nephew.
No, well what's the problem?
The real star, the real star.
The real star.
And even he couldn't drive anybody to homestead.
Oh!
Now if you would have been smart and had Ricky Martin.
What?
What do you laugh at a bug?
You think Ricky Martin would have drawn in homestead?
No.
Is there anybody alive?
No.
How about Britney Spears?
No.
Backdoor boys?
No.
Anybody?
Ed Sullivan, if they brought his body back.
No.
Cumber of Pine, tell her.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll tell you, my hat goes out to Scotty Bowen and those red ones.
What?
The hell of a team?
What do you mean your heart goes out to them?
Well, you usually say that is condolence.
What do you mean your heart goes out to them?
My hat, my hat.
Oh, your hat goes off to them.
Or my.
Anyway.
Yeah, maybe your rectum.
Yeah, just like Brian Murray said to me, it's too bad about that Stevie Ijerman.
He's too small and he'll never be a great player.
Nice going, BM.
Oh!
By the way, beat his brother and that stupid meaningless candidate of the US game yesterday.
So you pretty much think they're going to sweep the avalanche?
No, I think they're going to sweep the avalanche.
The avalanche suck.
Yes.
Who's going to give them competition?
Well, it's not going to be the avalanche.
I guess it's going to be Dallas, ain't it?
Yeah, I think so.
And by the way, Dallas is pretty lucky to be getting by St. Louis.
Man, they're lucky grandfuel players that their crappy game in Goliath at night.
The fear is finished.
He is grotesque.
He must go out there.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
So we got a hockey call right off the bat.
Let's hear it, man.
See, the newspaper here, you look at the sports section, loaded with basketball crap.
I'm telling you, basketball is not for white people.
That's what Lenny Martezza said when he came in here.
He's got his next year's a young.
He's a schwarzer from Puerto Rico.
He's a big nix fan.
He's a hockey fan.
Well, he can't know if nobody's perfect.
I don't know how he got that hockey stuff.
What?
That's what he said.
He said he grew up on the air.
Maybe he said he threw up on the NHL.
Something like that.
I thought he said grew up on it.
It's for the NBA as first sparsers.
That's what he said.
And the clowns we got in the morning and the newspaper.
Nobody really cares.
Except those plastic idiots with their cell phones at the arenas all around the country,
including the Miami arena, which they needed new arena there like they need to hold them ahead.
Here's a mobile and poppano.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
I'm sure with your a hockey knowledge, you'll agree with me.
But they got to keep all those millions in Canada watching the NHL because that's the only thing going on right now.
And that non-call on that game last night.
And I guarantee you, Neil, I know you'll agree with me.
That was the worst non-call I've seen in a crucial situation for penguins.
No, I will not agree with you on that at all.
That is terrible.
I've seen a lot of people on the board.
You've been on a skate and you want to you round a response or what?
It was a bad non-call, but I've seen many, many worse even just in this year's playoffs already rolling the second round.
The front of mine was watching the game with me.
He says they ain't going to let Toronto get eliminated.
They're going to do anything they can to get them in the game.
That's the most ridiculous thing.
You have any idea what sour grapes that sound like?
I know, I know.
They played a great game that he's ever played.
If that was the case, then how come in a Philadelphia game there in the last game?
They had five penalties in a row against the least.
You sound like Bobby Clark now.
And it's not me.
Hey, that's absolutely unacceptable.
It's not me.
What's unacceptable?
I didn't say that.
The other guy said that.
Yeah, we'll talk about that one other day.
Tell me to cry, baby.
Okay.
Tell them I have a guy named Crybaby party for him and all the other try.
Let's cry for all those sore losers up here.
And let me say it again, no matter what team you root for, if you get the benefit of a crappy call or a non-call,
you'll say, okay, thank you.
We'll take it because all teams get a lot of other bad calls against them.
So we'll take it.
Thank you.
Yeah, it was a bad non-call.
But all those Penguin fans, guess what?
I hate to break the news to you.
The score was still 3-2 Toronto with the time that that took place.
I hate to break the news to you.
Okay.
And they weren't going to be cooed you again, there last night.
It wasn't going to happen.
I don't give a crap what the hell they say.
Unless they knocked him in the net again, like they did on teetops school, unless they did that.
Waaat!
All these crybaby's okay.
They can't handle it that the mighty maple leaves won a game last night.
I think the secret was Bob Cole was out sick didn't do the game last night.
Chris Cuffer did it on CBC.
And by the way, Chris Cuffer and Harry Neal and the CBC, they both said it was a terrible non-call.
How do you like that?
They both admitted that it was Grotesque and the unbelievable, but that will take it.
Nine minutes after 10, by the way, 60 minutes will be talking about.
All those adjacent jizz will be priest out there.
I've been telling you for years.
There's no fact in the church.
If you need new appliances of electronic equipment and your wallet keeps saying...
No.
...just going to one of appliance DVD posts or locations and you'll be astonished.
You'll be shocked.
You'll be amazed at how low the prices really are in the product.
Nobody repulses you more.
I met a priest when I was 11.
All right.
He said he would set my soul.
Father, old school.
God.
But we made a D2 on the way to heaven.
And into the end of that room we did take a stroll.
Oh, he was standing in his underwear.
Show me the bend over and say a prayer.
Welcome.
Pulled up his rodent way, man.
Thank you, man.
I got my listed by the preacher man behind the rectory.
The next day I felt like a sinner.
And I showed up to get communion.
Put on my tongue.
That was in a way for...
...and it was that wild of dripping off my chin.
Squirt's work?
Well, he was standing in his underwear.
Oh, tell me the bend over and say a prayer.
Pulled up his rodent way, man.
I got my listed by the preacher man behind the rectory.
All right.
Yeah, he was standing in his underwear.
Tell me the bend over and say a prayer.
Pulled up his rodent way, man.
Thank you, man.
I got my listed by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Welcome.
I got my listed by the preacher man behind the rectory.
I got my listed by the preacher man behind the rectory.
I got my listed by the preacher man behind the rectory.
I got my listed by the preacher man behind the rectory.
I got my listed by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Come on. There's got to be somebody listening at home,
right now. Come on.
Before we do anything else, I'm sure.
Let's lay the gauntlet down there.
The challenge.
This could kill a couple of hours.
You don't believe that anybody's going to call.
Do you think that everybody is going?
All right.
Home stood line. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
All right, Neil.
Good. Are you in home stand?
Yes, sir. I am.
All right. There you go. That didn't take long.
I'm going to tell you how bad I feel.
Yeah.
I feel so bad.
How bad?
I feel so bad that I could walk outside
and jump in the pool.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm going to bring that.
At 10-till-three,
Saturday.
Yeah.
We drove by Armstrong on motorcycles.
The place looked like a ghost town.
It was.
It was buttoned up.
The band was sitting up front closed.
A wind is up.
The door is closed.
Yeah.
A soul and type.
Well, that's probably because the nephew
was smoking dope inside.
That could be.
And my wife didn't, you know, I said, look,
we got to go by and see George.
So we drove.
In my side.
But in other words, you and your wife
could have been the ones that would have
made it a smashing success.
And my son and his girlfriend,
the four of us could have been the
four of us could have been the
four of us.
Here's a foursome.
A foursome on motorcycles.
Is his girlfriend hot?
Yes, she's pretty hot.
Well, see, George now really feels bad.
Well, I feel bad.
I feel terrible.
Yeah.
Because I want to go see George.
But when I go by there at 10-till-three,
I'm looking around.
I'm like Jesus.
Well, what time were you there?
One to three.
Oh, he was there right up till three.
He would have been there for it.
In fact, that would have turned a
dismal failure into a smashing success.
I feel terrible.
Jesus Christ, man.
I have come to die humbly, humbly to George.
Does he accept the apology?
No.
Oh, come on.
I'll come to your heart, I sure am.
No.
Now he's accepted.
He's pissed.
We tried.
Four of you.
Four of us, yes.
Well, where were you going?
We were going home.
We've been down to pieces.
Yeah.
And I feel terrible.
I was the one.
So, in other words, you worked on
like anyplace special, you just were going home.
Yeah.
But you couldn't spare the five or ten minutes of what
it made George feel better.
I apologize.
We had flowers.
You had what?
Three flowers.
Oh, and I know what really kept him away.
It was probably that Pablo Pelota.
I forgot about him.
Yeah.
Thank God.
Okay, well.
I can't.
Okay.
Do we accept it?
No.
Now we don't accept it.
Good on you.
That's bad.
See, you were almost you run the virgin greatness.
You almost had what?
You almost had a force of them.
You were almost there.
Including this guy's son and his hot girlfriend.
Or whatever it was.
Whatever they said.
Some chick they picked up on the street.
Somewhere down in the keys.
I don't know what the thumb out.
I don't know what it was all about.
But they didn't show up.
God, damn it.
No.
Christ.
That's this audience for you, man.
They just don't care enough to say they're very damn best.
Just like these calls here this morning.
You watch.
It's Monday again.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I called about the isolated incident.
Yeah.
I just want to make sure you saw it.
Did you see the whole thing?
Yes.
A lot of chicken.
I even had my tape going on the hockey game, Mr.
Just because I had seen the promos all day long to make sure I didn't miss that.
I told my dad last night he missed it.
He never missed it.
60 minutes.
I said, I'll crap you missed the best one.
Neil, you'll be going on tomorrow.
Well, 60 minutes seems to be one of the only shows in America that every now and then
like steps into this.
Yeah, averted world of fact that an priesthood.
They didn't try to cover it up too much.
They wanted him to sign all these papers.
They wanted him to pay him 10 grand.
And then they said, oh, and then they got the lawyer from Notre Dame there.
How do you like this asshole?
Well, if he didn't want to, if he didn't like what was going on, he should have just left.
He had no business exposing it so to speak.
It's not like it was exposing so many of them.
Anyway, I just called him.
By the way, I must say it's pretty interesting selections of cards that they were sending him in the mail.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
Okay, have an air thing.
And just don't forget one thing, sir, no matter what you do.
There's no fact in the church.
Yeah, in case you missed the 60 minutes piece, which obviously most of you did.
Most of you ostriches out there with your heads buried in the sand.
And once again, they show the same scenes in the church and all these idiots,
these lemmings, these imbisels, go in there opening their mouths wide,
while they're sticking the wafer in there, sticking out their tongue.
Maybe it's me.
Maybe it's an old bag like me.
But when I see a guy walk into a place and he opens his mouth and sticks his tongue out,
another guy, and the other guy sticks something in his mouth.
There's a word for that.
Okay?
Don't forget one of them on his knees.
Yeah, and that's right.
And the one guy is on his knees.
Open wide.
You know what they call it?
And it's a gay club you moron.
That's what they call it, man.
These imbisels, these idiots.
And see, they can't admit now at this late stage in their lives,
even if they're young people out there, they've been brainwashed and brought up
and that they're preached, they're all a bunch of fags,
which is nothing wrong with being a fag, unless, of course, you're a hypocrite,
and unless, of course, you're pretending to be something that you're not,
which is the American F and away most of the time.
That's what this country is obsessed with.
Most people pretending to be something that they're not.
Like Ricky Martin.
No, I'm sorry.
Leave him alone.
He's paid his dues and he, you know, he probably was put through the ringer, so to speak.
They taught him the ropes and how to skip.
And they pushed him up a little bit, and I emphasized just a little bit,
given like a fourth makeover.
He's bigger than Mary Tyler Moore and the six million dollar man.
Right.
So again, a card like a block of Ricky Martin, and a pay for there,
and pictures from like Menudo and all this other crap.
Didn't we hear that Menudo, most of the kids in that group are all molested?
Haven't we heard that just a few months ago?
But not Ricky Martin, huh?
No.
No, thank God for that.
Jesus, God.
So we need to be hearing about is that, and isn't he Puerto Rican?
I mean, he's probably Catholic.
So, you know, I mean, between the rock group and the church,
they got him coming and going, so to speak.
God dang.
So anyway, here's this guy.
And by the way, if you did see the whole piece on 60 minutes,
you'd last know, you'll notice that this Jesuit priest
wannabe, this seminarian, whatever the hell he was,
he was a homosexual, admitted, but he was celibate.
Aren't we all celibate?
Of course, we don't want to get ameta pissed off again.
And Alvin Dark, get them all started up again.
And Dr. Kennedy, right?
Yes.
Right.
But anyway, so he's interprested and the old, the old letch
that he's driving to the airport here and there,
he's like his chauffeur, his gofer.
And he says, well, you know, we're going to have to get the sexual part
of this thing straightened out.
Straightened out just a little play on words, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
We're going to have to get it straightened out.
And that was only the beginning.
As Chicago would say, if they were here to sing it,
only the beginning.
And then you start to get these cards, these greeting cards in the mail,
these nude, uh, porno, uh, hot young guys with their,
and you know, 60 minutes since this is America,
they had to put like little stickers over the penises on those cards.
Damn it.
Yeah.
They had to put like little, uh, little thing and, uh,
and big things in some cases over the, uh, penises on those cards.
Because God forbid that we should show you that the priest,
and then he started getting cards from the other Jesuits there,
and the seminal place.
What about me and tell you, why do you think they call it rectumry?
And why does it a seminal place?
And so this guy finally got pissed off and he decides to sue,
and see when it's convenient for the religionist,
oh no, you can't sue us because then the government
gets sticking their noses out of our affairs and separates the church and state.
We got the First Amendment to protect us.
So when it comes to their tax exempt status,
or the fact that there's all this sexual harassment going on,
then all they stand by separation of church and state.
So when it comes to sticking their noses and they're trying to tell everybody else what to do,
including the government and, you know, all the, uh,
the right to life, the maniacs,
and every other God then issued that they're all whipped up to a frenzy about.
Then all of a sudden there's no more separation of church and state.
Then they stick it right in there and their noses too.
I'd like to know how one self-respecting Catholic could watch that piece again last night.
I mean, this is just another one.
This is no isolated episode.
This is going on all the time.
I've been asking for 23 years on the year here in this town.
You named me one straight priest.
And if I ever had an answer, never.
And you noticed they wouldn't allow.
In fact, I felt like I was a part of this thing last night because all those years that I was on the year,
on W.S. News doing a serious talk, and I had ministers on and rabbis on every denomination,
the wacko's on, holy Joe, all those of them.
But it was only the Catholic church wouldn't allow any of their people to come on the year.
See, they just ignore you.
They just just don't want it.
If I can use that term.
Just like they were doing last night.
Remember the same thing.
Oh, well, this one wouldn't respond to a request from an interview,
and the church wouldn't let this one speak in Yadi Yadi.
Of course, they don't.
Because silence is what it's all about.
That's their theme song in the church's silence is golden.
And the old queens are olden.
They're olden, it.
I mean, this is the biggest, this is the biggest gay club in the world is the Catholic church.
And I can't seem to convince anybody.
And to keep showing these segments on there every few months,
somebody butchers up and gets the ball to put it on their for you,
and show you what's going on.
And then these idiots go out there,
and they go to these priests.
They sit there in a confessional.
And the priests are getting their rocks off.
That's right.
Oh, I thought maybe there was like a,
maybe we're having a tornado outside again,
like the ones in Oklahoma.
Maybe those were those thumping sounds I heard.
And the confessional likes to me.
Right, that's it.
Nothing like being just a little bit naive.
Who's being naive now, okay?
That's right.
They just don't want to deal with it.
They don't want to accept it.
Because that's like an admission that their whole life has been alive.
That somebody lied to them.
If they lied to you about Santa Claus,
they lied to you about Father or Tool also, okay?
Is that okay?
No.
I didn't think so.
26 past 10 at 5.60 WQAM.
Glory Holes!
He started out a regular guy who joined the rectory
and made me ultimately sacrifice and bracing
celebrity father or tool.
Oh, amen!
From the fallen food,
father or tool,
alternate father or tool.
As time went by, his earthly means compromised his joy.
He found the way to get really by altering
young boy, a lot of road to.
Amen!
From holding food,
fun, fun to go to,
altering the holiday day.
He was happy and gay till he got caught by some title sale.
Then the Vatican paid everyone off
and he didn't have to go to jail.
Father or tool.
Amen!
Oh!
Fun, fun, fun to go to,
altering the holiday day.
They sent him to a priesthood tree
where the genuised and fled.
If it was you or it was me,
they blocked it up and drove the keys away.
He's father or tool.
Amen!
How right!
From holding food,
fun, fun to go to,
alternate father or tool.
Amen!
From holding food,
fun, fun to go to,
I want to hear from every person
that's been molested out there by the priesthood nuns.
Everybody that's been spanked by the nuns,
everybody that's been molested by the priest
and been invited to participate in the circle jerks
or whatever they were talking about last night on 60 minutes.
I mean, how long do they think they can keep covering this up?
Okay, there is, I mean, made for TV movies,
all over the goddamn world.
They're like pointing the finger at it.
And how about those, the,
the swinging, the swish guard there?
Remember that?
That's candle, huh?
How much did the singing nun?
Whatever the hell they were.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Look at the reaction here today, huh?
The same old, you know,
visual fact in the church.
Same old crap.
They're in denial with Cleopatra.
Here's a mobile and traveler ridge. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, man?
Okay, sir.
Unfortunately, I just got the tail end of that,
yeah, stand in front.
But, yeah, it is,
I do know a person, by the way,
this guy is 24 years old.
He'll be ordained in the next two months.
Yes.
And this guy was the biggest part,
and he went to U of F.
This guy was, would do everything up and down,
up and down the book,
and all of a sudden he's going to be a priest.
Anyway, I did catch Ricky Martin.
I'm even persuaded to go,
I get Ricky Papas.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound from the left, said the better.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, that's what they want to talk about is Ricky Martin.
Not the fact that we got this correct institution,
you know, it's just unbelievable.
Nothing can move these bastards off the dime.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm Alex, I'm a long time,
I was in the first time caller,
and I love you, shout out.
I love you, show, and keep up the great work.
Can I make a request?
5, so okay, so we got no calls here this morning.
This is going to be just like last Thursday all over again.
Friday we did pretty damn good.
Maybe just Fridays all come in from now on.
Oh, that's not good because I like those three day weekends.
The cats got their tongues again here today here in South Florida,
the land of the walking dead.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Meantime they're having this big summit entertainment industries
at the center of the youth summit.
Here's Jack Valetti again,
who never saw a violent movie he didn't like.
And I'm watching MTV, all the stuff,
all these videos we've been talking about the last couple of days.
And I'm watching MTV and they got that celebrity,
what do they call it?
Deathmatch.
Several celebrity deathmatch that they only show about 80 times today
with Pat Sayjack and Alice Trebek getting squashed
into blood splurting all over the place.
And one of the make-believe characters on there says,
oh yeah, MTV, more television violence.
Ha ha ha, yeah.
Is this funny?
No.
Not even remotely, but hey, you know,
because let's face it,
as opposed to individual responsibility,
it's a lot easier to have these summits in finding escape codes.
Because that's what we do best in this country,
is find escape codes, right?
Uh-huh.
That's right.
It's always somebody else's fault.
Nobody takes responsibility.
Parents don't take responsibility.
Kids don't take responsibility.
So why don't you help with anybody else?
Let's find escape codes.
Let's start pointing fingers and start blaming each other.
And then we can all get a bunch of guns and go out and
get picked off and shoot each other.
It was your fault.
Don't say I met Noah Gears.
All right.
We'll do it again.
Here's a mobile and coral spring.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah. Can you hear me?
I hear you.
Do you hear me?
Yeah. I know.
Listen.
I'll thank you way out of the way, man.
It's an old stuff you see on TV yesterday.
So my idea, I think, is propaganda, man.
It's not really Apple.
You have something Apple.
Listen. Listen, listen, man.
You have different sources.
And when you start talking about it like this,
that is why we have a problem with the kids today.
See what Apple in the Oklahoma.
You know, that's not right, man.
You know?
Yeah, that's why we had to turnators in Oklahoma
because I'm speaking whatever I'm saying.
Why don't you learn to speak English?
Okay, my banana boat friend, whatever,
and how you're talking about.
Do you understand what he was saying?
No.
What about Oklahoma?
I have no idea.
Here's a mobile in La Belle.
Hello?
Hey.
Can you hear me?
Yes, I hear you.
28-year-old, Azeus.
Catalyst school, 13 years.
Yes.
A brother went to Catalyst School through all his life.
A bit of a bunch of crafts.
Three tumorized rabbits,
and they're having them have the women I've ever met in strip clubs.
Right.
Three tickula.
I don't understand what he's been open to God damn eyes.
Like he said, he's to bunny for grown-ups.
Exactly.
I mean, what else?
I mean, everything.
And looking, man.
Yeah, and I, you know, my parents, you know, we could pissed off him
because I, you know, it wasn't bad enough of us forced to go to church two, three, four times a friggin' week.
You know, my brother and I used to get together all the time after school.
I was like, what the hell are we doing here?
It's because mom and dad insisted it was a better education.
And meanwhile, when I got kicked out of school, I got the same God damn books at public school.
But I did what I went to Catholic school.
All right.
That's what that's grab.
And that's all the bloodless ass grab it.
There you go.
Yeah.
Well, you know, from the men anyway.
Okay, God bless you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, Zaggithun.
Whatever that means.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Yeah, let's bring it out of the closet here today and lay it right out of the table.
And whatever that first guy said there before, whatever.
Buh-buh-buh-buh.
What was he talking about?
Anybody know him?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Well, send us a letter and explain it to us.
Because I sure as hell couldn't figure it out.
Here's the hellendale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Been a long time.
Has there ever been any good Catholics, Neil?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
It has to do with what we're talking about.
I'm asking you.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
And what does that have to do with what we're talking about?
Is that a new way of obfuscating what we're talking about?
Well, when are you going to talk about the good Catholics?
No, we're not talking about good anything.
We're talking about a scandal.
Why can't you talk about it?
I can talk about it.
Well, I know but you're here.
What do you have to say about it?
I've never heard of Max one of the okay see he won't respond it's a same old game again
Bapapapapapap you know what the blinders on don't get used me with the facts
We're not saying all Catholics are bad all Jews are bad. What we're saying is that religions are corrupt and full of crap and yours is one of the worst
The biggest closet in the world is the Catholic Church, but don't confuse this guy with the facts
Okay, don't respond to what we're talking about and it's not something the Avengers is making up on a radio
There was on 60 minutes last night and they've had several of these pieces on a few of your part of that expression over the years
Like the one priest that says always okay that he was having sex with that young girl because there was no passion involved remember that one and
Mike Wallace and the camera crew kept following him down that mountain road there
I wonder how they were in some banana boat place
And he kept where they kept running away and running away and they're following him around
Just keep running just keep covering up to like a little dog
You know dog goes out in the yard and does the number and then a walk like my little dog goes about 10
The arts away and then kicks up a tie legs like it's try to cover up
It's yeah, but guess what when you go out there and take a closer look
There's still a pile of right there right in front of your post, but you can't deal with it can you sir?
All these religion this man just like this are an on our letter of the editor of the day in a Sun Sentinel
Killer's religion irrelevant says Bert and Soma glass and coconut Creek
We were appalled at the necessity of your paper to emphasize several times that one of the teenage killers was of Jewish heritage
And celebrated the Jewish holidays, etc
We don't ever recall reading about the importance of even the mention of the killer's religion and what holidays he observed before he slaughtered
It is in people are you trying to imply something shame on you our opinion of your newspaper is extremely diminished
So they say of course the fact that it was on Hitler's birthday that these two scumbags decided to go in there and kill a bunch of people
And the fact that they were like neo Nazis and had the swastikers on their website
Maybe that might make it relevant you think
Yeah, Bert and Soma glass who evidently can't see through the God in glass
Maybe it's half empty or maybe it's have who knows what it is half full of crap
All these uptight people don't go pick it on my fairytales God damn it
Seems to me that it's highly relevant
But then what do I know
Notice how hostile they get they're all hostile and they can't just respond to what I'm talking about
They have to get all bent out of shape that that's a good way to cover it up
Like I said my little dogs out there kicking its legs up in here. Oh pile is still there big smelly pile
Just like what you got in your church a big smelly pile
20 to 11 at 560 WQM you want to get traction in the church
Oh
Yeah, buddy
I wanted to show you
I wonder what it looks like looks like
It's me back boy
Can I touch it sure go ahead run your hands
Hey
Like
What's this right here that is my blow pipe? What do you do with a blow pipe? You blow it lad?
You put your mouth around it and your blow
Would you like a blow my pipe lad?
Okay, can I sure go ahead?
Come on
Put your mouth around it. Don't be afraid. It's not gonna break
Like this. Hey, that's a boy
Stick it all the way down yet through there. Hey, it means you're doing it right
What's this over here? That's mid shanta
What do we do with that? What you do with that lad?
He's put your both hands on it you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick
Hey run your hands up and down it there. Now what you want to do lad?
Is you want to blow on the pipe? You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick
Together all at the same time
Sure
He blows no harder ladding
Squeeze the bag
No
You know that again after the kids you need but earth maybe 1046 at 550 WQM
Hangover from sure-listake 2 at 2 o'clock gym mandates and 6 we got the marlins in the pod raise the red hot marlins
They actually want a series any interest no that's in 938 night
Any interest no so anyway let me tell you what the normal is okay
Normal is somebody that wants a sex life
Whether it's heterosexual homosexual bisexual
Cellopathy the whole concept of celopathy is sick. It's abnormal. It's unacceptable. It's ridiculous
And of course it's a way of saying wow you see we're a spiritual we're not sexual
We're not like of the flesh. We're not sucked into the apartment expression into that whole business with a flesh
We're like better than you are. We're holier than you are
So therefore we can like you know tell you who's naughty and nice and what to do and where to stick it etc
Even though we don't know anything about it allegedly
heterosexual couples going to a priest for marriage counseling. I mean are you kidding me?
You have to be out of your mind
Like that manual a guy said it's last year remember it said don't do it manually or any other way that manual
I think he used to do the lawnwork manual. I mean just unbelievable
From this twisted closet. That's what they ought to call it. You remember that thing the twisted cross they ought to call this the twisted closet is what it is
And that guy before I I love people like that. I get sexual excitement from people like him the one that started
Are there any good Catholics that are you know screaming and yelling try to cover it up cover up your tracks man
You're it's not working. It's not working. You can't cover it up
You can scream loud and they carry on and all it shows me is that you can't deal with the truth
And it would bother me too if my whole life had been invested and then I find
In believing in something this corrupt in this bankrupt and it turned out to be totally bogus
Like those infomercials they have on Sunday morning
Man oh man. I'm telling you you want to lose some weight. I'll just sit in front of your TV said kill some good time
Make sure you're not eating anything while you're watching
You got the fat burners baby
They got eight million different products that'll burn up all that fat
Of course, we know that dietary fat doesn't make you fat
But don't confuse them with the fact they want your goddamn money just like the church
I think it's appropriate they didn't for commercials around here on Sunday morning
Right around and in between and sometimes in the middle of those the church programs
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I want to talk about this Jenny Jones case
That uh apparently she lost and now she has to pay whoever 25 million dollars. I think that's disgusting
I think that's America once again. Yeah, it's lawyers is what it is once again
We are as Americans we put the blame on somebody. Yeah, right. I've talked to a few of my friends
They all think that Jenny Jones was you know
In the wrong and this guy shot the guy three days later. Right. How did Jenny Jenny Jones did shoot the gun?
I agree with you, you know, and it's in addition to which one of the things that they don't talk about in the straight press
By the way is that these two guys had had sex they don't want to be talk about that
I didn't know that well there you go
They had they had an affair they had sex and then the one guy decided three days later
It was bad for which image image or whatever and the side of the blow is the crap away
It's just as any one day we all have to stop and blame everybody else right start blaming the people who are shooting each other
That's the American way. I guess it is. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. I'll take part of that 25 million by the way
Ridiculous
Asinine I
Mean no matter how gross test shows are and it was very springer no matter how
People have got to start taking responsibility for their own actions
Did that you know the answer was like that was like the Ronnie Zamora thing all over again
Oh television intoxication TV made me do it being on that show made me do it even though it was three days later
It took me three days to get around to doing it could to get pissed off and fired up
Crazy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in dear field V chillow. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, you know what I listen to you show and there's a lot of things you say that you want people to agree with you
But you can't go like that Neil
You can't go like it doesn't go like that you want people to agree with you
I don't care whether you agree or disagree am I telling you you have to agree
It's like you want people to be honest to be hate is nobody can do that. We can't do that
Be hated with what what are you talking about no you're talking about
You know, there's no god. There's this you can't tell sir
I'm talking about a piece that was on 60 minutes last night. Can you handle that did you see it? No
You know what I'm talking about no, I'm gonna spend a day if the answer is no, though. What do you call the show for?
I want to talk to people that know what I'm talking about that would be a good start
As far as what if you want to believe your fairy tales be my guest
I don't expect you to agree with me. You believe whatever crap you want to believe sir. It's a free country to a point
I'm most of course you want to express a different opinion from the mainstream in which case you have to take a lot of crap
But I'm used to it one call on the board here. Look at that after this piece on their last night
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the mobile one line what a this I'm counting
This is the last place in the world this area this town this part of this penicola that hangs down there
They took a discuss any of these things when expecting it any kind of a response
Taking me a hundred years to figure it out
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
And the response you do get his guys like this jackass give me a song and a dance. You don't even know what I'm talking about yes
Um the reason I called actually was because that did that you played about the scotlin. Yeah
Um, I played golf with a guy recently he and his wife for Scotland
And he sounded exactly like it and when he missed a shot on one hole
It says oh I blew that hole
But a guy and I were playing golf. We need to repeat our pants that what happened so hard. Yeah, he blew it
In response to that guy with Jenny Jones
The lawsuit was filed by the
Spooner at Lod. Don't worry. It's not gonna break
Well
Well, the lawsuit was filed by the family of the guy that shot right he was saying that the Jenny Jones
So should have known that this guy was meant to be unstable that they shouldn't have stayed right like they're gonna do a sucky
Atric exam of every guest they have on the air ridiculous
Right, well that's all and let me say it again the two guys had had a sexually yazon okay
They were both homosexual they had had sex together and so how in the world?
Will they have known that in addition to which it came out during a trial that he was aware that this guy
What might have been the one that they were gonna bring on he was already aware of that right
Well, that's the whole point. That's why it's so ridiculous
Okay, God bless you sir. Thank you
And we'll like I said we'll take the 25 minutes for the up and have a hell of a good time with it
Will this give it to the church then they'll have a lot more money to cover up these things if they would offer this guy more than
10,000 then never would have made 60 minutes last night. I mean 10,000 bucks get serious 10 million maybe
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line as we keep probing and searching
Here's West Palm Beach hello. Yeah, hey, how you doing? Okay, sir
I wanted to bring up three different things
Uh, first of all with a Jenny Jones one of the things they mentioned about uh that guy who was unstable they said he's an alcoholic
And talk about not accepting responsibility. You ever notice now how drugs and alcohol. I mean that's this condition and and that you know
I'll leave you a tiny responsibility on yourself. Yeah, too bad. Yep
Too bad for his ass is what I say exactly
The other thing I was gonna drink anymore is talk you know those infomercials if you search around on those tv stations
You always have those those religious nuts
Where you can put your hand on the tv screen and then you know they say oh you're you know your gallbladder will be healed or whatever
You put your your hand on the tv screen and they got all these people calling to uh to send them more money
And the third thing I was brought up Catholic. I went through a ccd all that um and I was actually propositioned by my ccd
Teacher he wanted to put his coxah hoist in my ass
And uh, so I had to get out of that real quick maybe he had a crack coxahs like a Greg Reed
Maybe maybe maybe just had a crack problem. Okay. Thank you sir. There you go. And I know there's a lot of you out there that won't admit it
I understand it's a very sensitive area. So to speak
I
Mean you know what was the story was he gonna massage your uh maybe just massage your ego maybe that's what father wanted to do
567 05 60 pound 560 on a mobile one-liner for that kind of call before about are there any good Catholics
This isn't the show about the dogs that didn't get lost okay any more than 60 minutes is
Yeah, that's what the guy wants he wants to show about all the yeah all the dogs that didn't get lost here's a list of all the names
Here's a mobile in line tanner. Hello. Yeah, hello Neil did but this is guy. Yeah, he thought it was a girlfriend. I was gonna show up at the show
I beg your pardon. Well, I did
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
And let me say it again the reason he wasn't gonna beat the
Out of him or anybody else is because the two of new each other and they already had sex all geez. Well, you can't handle that Kenya
God forbid that they're hearing about all these things going on
567 05 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line. I can see it's gonna be another big Monday here at the big uh the old nuts
Okay, Karel here's a mobile in four-letter day. Hello
Dale. Yes, sir. I don't think Friday's bitch
Meaning what what bitch you talking about
That's goody dog. Yeah, fry that bitch fry her. There you go. Okay
I'm out jackass
Okay, one call left in the board. I guess we can play Britney Spears from now until two o'clock
We can just the spirit
Or we can just play spirit
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Anybody in town from out of town?
Let me say it again. What you hear is what you get the deadest place on the face of your even in cow cutters paradise compared to here
And speaking of the hypocrites by the way the hero
I know thanks to Adam and our sales department brought this into me
Big piece they had in yesterday's two pages in the travel section in the hero
The ones that are always telling us about the evils of gambling and the evils of Vegas and how horrible it is there two big pages
Bet on it picture of the big new mandalay bay and the Paris casino and this and that and Venetian
What a bunch of hypocrites and then they got all these package deals in there as somebody I know would say they got package deals
10 56 at 5 60 Q a m pro vision is the
If you're a theater watch the premises you know that the forces pulling the strings in the government are closing down and all those great websites
We've become the cousin too. Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on
So now is the time to join the Nazi of the month book
We're just eight ninety nine a month
You get the complete history of one prominent Nazi pastor present
The particular group he hates and ending subversive activity. They may be planning
So no matter what the race religion or ethnic group you hate
Not the other month is right up your alley just call for eight hundred
Ten-hundred order order today and get your very own synthetic eight-off mustache to impress your friends absolutely free
That's one eight hundred pinhead order today
It's a level two at five sixty double to Q. I'm happy Monday to him
We got 400 open lines five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on the 18 to wireless line
So you lot of people out there they get pissed off at me or they get pissed off at 60 minutes for bringing out these facts
Instead of getting pissed off at their church
At the lies and at the corruption and all the crap that's going on in there and all the money their money by the way
That's being spent to cover it up
I mean here they had to defend the lawsuit the first time and now they're gonna appeal the
They're gonna have to go through it again
Not to mention of course, what is it a billion dollars was the last thing we had for the
Settlements that they had to make the other court settlements to pay off all these people who's kids have been molested by their priest a billion dollars
Could feed a lot of starry sluppers all over the world like right here in this hemisphere in Latin America although starry sluppers
Here's a mobile implantation hello
Good morning. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you sir great good good. Good show this morning. Neil. I just want to let you know I was never into
One of your favorite that clue in his Louis Miguel however Saturday night. I was watching Saturday at life
Did you happen to catch you know I did not know no
The man is
phenomenal, sir. That's all I could tell you Ricky Martin is phenomenal phenomenal based on what
Based upon his talent is moves his moves
He's outrageous, Neil. Yeah, that's what yeah, I mean he's wonderful. Have you seen wonderful what have you seen a public?
I've known Ricky Martin a lot longer than you have before we became faceable to know Ricky Martin
Perhaps I was never into the manudo as you were no, I wasn't in the manudo the way you're suggesting but I know the manudo was yes
I see but I'll go just to compliment you on your taste
You could my taste in what I'm not a Ricky Martin fan
No, huh and I was new to I said I am okay. Well God bless you. I hope you have a great life together. Okay
I mean, it's another product of hype
That's the big word boys and girls all over the world. Just remember if you have a marginal
I mean you see you know I wish them all the best. I'm happy for them
Not a bad guy never stole a freight train. He looks pretty good after the 20th makeover. He looks pretty damn good
They got those puppy cheeks all slimmed down. You know, whatever they did do me look stand good
But I mean the idea that he's some kind of a great performer and he's all Elvis and he's I mean there's a whole thing
I got it right here
7,000 screaming fans out there and to see him at specs a few days ago eight o'clock in the morning. So kids skipped school
Here it is
Hey Ricky, you're so fine. You blow my mind and that was the guy saying that forget about the girls
Of course, at least the guys maybe they had a chance, you know
But it goes on and on and I mean here's one the Carlos
Holly Taylor 15 she says he's better than Carlos Ponce which I don't know who that is
You know who that is and even better than Jerry Rivera. How do you like that? Oh my god wow
Geez now you're getting a little carried away. Don't you think
The product of hype you can hype anything man. You can take any you can package it you can
Pettle it
And I wish him all the luck in the world, but anybody thinks he's a great performer. All I can say is
Yeah
Here's a lady in Miami Beach hello. Hey Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hey, I haven't talked you for a while female color
This was every day, but I don't always get a chance to call okay couple things if I might I wondered I thought about you
Did you read of or hear about those two blue hairs up a Margate that got thrown out the theater for switching?
No, you didn't know oh god. They had like they said 80 year old Bertha and her
95 year old boyfriend Ray or whatever their names work at thrown out of Margate for purchasing a ticket for one movie and switching to another
Oh, I thought about you
And the other thing is Neil. I don't know if anybody has mentioned this but did they steal a silverware?
And the salt and pepper shakers in the sweet and low. Hey listen
Has anybody told you about the game show network? You like those old game shows right?
I and that's another one. I was way ahead of you guys on that because I've had the big dish for 12 years
Well, you know what I just got cable you know, I took my mom and going honest to God. I'm look to that
I watched like a old match game with Jean Ray bird
That's my favorite. I love the old match game
You know you mentioned $100,000 dollar pyramid. I loved that show like I said that was my favorite
You watch that quite a bit then what no, I haven't watched it in a long time
But now that you mentioned I'm gonna go home and watch it. Oh, I wanted to mention I didn't know if anybody had one final thing
Is there any reason? Neil when you're gone that they don't play your tapes anymore?
I don't get to listen all the time and I really used to enjoy some of your tapes because the tapes suck
That's the main reason now you're always good much better having Georgia and doing a live show and playing a bunch of
Still old repeat tapes by the way
Georgia's a nice-looking guy someone I was watching your TV show one night
Well listen, I just want to take thanks for all the life. Okay, and have a great day
Okay, she was all over the place anybody have any idea what she was really trying to say no
Anybody want to take back no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 T wireless line
We're talking Ricky Martin today. We're talking Catholic priest. We're talking about homos in the Catholic Church
We're talking about all kinds of good stuff and it's Monday. So these people still ain't got a goddamn thing to say
I mean how long can you keep it in the closet baby? I know it's disturbing to you that there's this bag on a radio
See if I were a heterosexual like most of you people then it would be maybe you know
Then what credibility would I have but there's that old saying about it knows one to take one or wow verdeko's
It takes one to do one. That's how it goes
Here's a lady in marathon. Hello
Lady in marathon. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I'm a first time caller. Uh-huh. I went to boarding school at the Catholic Convent and the nuns do be two
Yeah, and if you don't fall in line and comply
The makes you skip meals also. Uh-huh. And that little banana republic grenade
Where I was born
Was hit very badly by a hurricane. I think it was jammed
Many years ago. Yeah, and the Convent was almost wiped out and it was a terrible scandal because in the walls of the Convent
They found the remains of countless
Infant speed of severe speed of this and of course the
Please live next door. Yeah, the church was built next to each other. So we all knew what was going on
Yeah
And these people who are in denial are full of you know what pull a crap. Amen. Yeah god bless you sweetheart
Okay, so yeah, thank you. See you at the old erectumry
5 6 7 well least maybe there was some well, you know, maybe some of the priests were doing the nuns at least
That's a step in the right direction, huh?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Maybe if we just had a lot more nuns the priests might change their habits
Here's a winwood. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, listen. Let me ask you something
Is George the gift of the arrow? No, he is this is the same call you make every day. Didn't you call Friday with the same question?
Yes, no, he wasn't on Friday and he's not today. Is that a medley of your material? Maybe. Uh-huh. Maybe jackass
Every day this guy's going to call with the same stupid question and he answer every day is going to be and he's not your type anyway
Okay, you don't want to date
Moron 5 6 7 I'm telling you man. This is this is what you got out there and I don't understand what is this all about here all of a sudden
John penis just comes to me the other day on this sales department of ours they're getting like that old IOD sales department
Just what I thought that maybe we had some people in the sales department that knew something come to find out
their full of crap
You know there are a hundred reasons for you to own a beeper and now there are 36 more reasons for you to shop and beeper
Romania that's 36 locations if you're looking for a smart friendly fast help and choosing the best beeper for you
beep Romania staff can help
Bepermania's got the biggest election to be present anywhere in town over 20 different models to choose from
But the best reason to go to bepermania is that nobody undersells bepermania they guarantee the lowest prices in town
Come to bepermania today for their mother of a sale celebrate mother's day the bepermania away
oh
I will never see the man at a taco bells I am a burrito
He showed on time so we tell them to make the order to go
Oh
Three stripping through the bag as gets into his car
He eats while sitting in traffic, but doesn't get too far
Takes a bet the bismar in hope static will last
Just then you really might know what it's like to get painful gas
Then you really might know what it's like what it's like
Then you really might know what it's like
What it's like
Then you really might know what it's like what it's like
Yes, then you really might know what it's like
It's 1115 at 560 wqa and by the way, I don't want to start the playing witch boss here
You know, but it is Monday the 10th of May last time I checked it should be paid
It should also be the day that that bonus check comes through for some of us we have it in our contract like 10 days after the april 30th
And Greg read of course just like just like last time remember he had an opportunity to come in here
This is a man some people are a manch and some people are just uh, you know, whatever he is
The guy walks in here with his red bulbous nose again spreading his germs and disease who can't get rid of his illness
Mental or physical. I thought that's what he was doing in there is giving you your check. Oh, yeah, right
Hold your breath. See that that would be an active class to do that saying great job
Here's your bonus check. Oh, by the way Miriam gave me your paycheck. It's paid a great job
Thanks a lot and have a great life. You know, that would be a classy thing to do
Does that go on here? No, no
So is she out again today or what is Miriam here?
No, I mean now is a good time to start working on this project because you know
I mean, it's only 1115 but nevertheless
Because then next thing you know everybody's out to a two-hour lunch and then this one
Disappeared he went home sick like today was supposed to return my phone call
Here's a mobile invoker hello
Hello, yes sir. Oh hi. Hi. How you doing great?
It's so great. I always listen to you. I'm so happy. Yeah
You know when I was when I was young I saw these for seven year real religious school
Yes, and we used to play ball on the roof of the religious school
And if the head rabbi wherever the guy was if you know like what you're doing right way
Quote you over gave you a little finger to come here and you start pulling you buy your little pairs and all
Uh-huh gave you a little finger, huh?
And that really hurts and you know and over the years, you know, you try to be religious and all but the
Why is that? Because you know, you it's built into you know, you fall as been like that
They beat it into you all these years. You know, you know, they make you feel bad if you don't you be not Jewish and all
It's like it's like it's it's guilt times a million times or something
It's like it's so hard to live and stuff when you're mother and your father's always y'all and after like that
You know, you got to you got to be koshe got to go to the
koshe
Yeah, yeah
Just remember pal, that's a glacier belt and get it get a life
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
You know that guy that we had two of those uh
Caribbean type I'm not really sure which the nomination and it doesn't make any difference
But the one that started spewing about the well he didn't know what I was talking about but about god
And you want us to believe this and that's not the point
This is got nothing to do with god or whatever you believe it. It's got to do with corruption
That's what it's got to do with it's got to do with a corrupt institution with the
Will being pulled over your eyes and they don't want to deal with that just pretend you can't see it the smoke screen is working real well
Thank you
You don't need any organized religion to believe in whatever god you want to believe in okay doesn't cross your dime
Here's a mobile in deer field hello
Hello, yes, sir
You know he stinks I didn't say that
He doesn't like sing like you know, but he's like we run he does the same thing over and over
Yeah, that's right. That's right. Exactly. That's Huchi Kuchi and he doesn't he doesn't he does his Hispanic Tom Jones routine
And there goes his hips and he does some Huchi Kuchi and now he's harder than a pistol
Exactly, they hide me up like that. I'd be as big as he is
There you go. Well, keep working on it. It'll get bigger
56705 60 pound 560 we got 600 open lines this month. I'm gonna tell you right now. I'm gonna start today on a crusade
What's the store with my check by the way?
Uh, she's gonna look into it
Well, I was quick. Thanks, Murray. I'm that was real fast. She's here looked into what real fast
Oh, here's when you can see the amount right through the envelope. Well, that's nice
Well, I like the ones that they give you honest. I like the ones that they give you with the envelope like on
The illegal on a waste of tongue on it. You know, I'm saying in the envelope either
the muse alive on the muse alive
Here's Daniel. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, you know that that guy called before you
Which one which one is that the rabbi guy whatever the guy sound like he's from New York or something. Yeah
Oh, boy
That that epitomizes why the people not doing well
Okay, because simply the fact of the transient this
Well, it takes me off here is it epitomizes why the heat are not doing well. I'm gonna explain what is the rabbi have to do with the heat doing well
Is that Riley Jewish? No, I'm going to explain is the lawns of morning Jewish. No, I'm gonna explain because the
You don't have on the I'm born raised here, okay, and we have other explains a lot
Well, we have a total transient
population or you go to I went to game and you're past your money you're looking at your further fans are New York fans and
It's just that the heat the community doesn't get behind their team the way it should what does that have to do with that guy
What does that mean what are we talking about teams? This isn't we're not talking about teams
What does that have to do with the price of bananas? Well, I'm gonna get out of here you jackass go drink another bottle of rum
Okay, go get with Jimmy Buffett against being another to no-talent assholes
I'll tell you one thing if I had to compare Ricky Martin to Jimmy Buffett Ricky Martin is God
There's a talented guy that Ricky Martin compare that Jimmy Buffett who's for a bunch of cheap soft Florida drunks
That's all he's for
Wasting away in any place you a wasting away in homestead. That'll be a good place for him
That's what George was doing for two hours on Saturday and you see you notice five minutes
It took for me to get these checks in here my regular check and a bonus check. Thank you. By the way, Miriam God bless you
five minutes and you wonder why I go on here and say all of these things because you know why it works
That's why I do it
Get him off their get him off the dime
Like to our just check get him off the dime. That's about what it is
five six seven oh five by the way did duck you does new desk yet? No
Just I'm gonna bring that up every day if I forget you remind me did bluff get his new desk yet
Over there our program director our pussy galore to get it no PG no
And the desk either
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Tomorrow we're gonna be discussing how come we got no young lady interns working here at QAM
Here's Opalaka hello
Besides dollars now and I want to talk about Britney Spears. Yeah, how great
Here's the Hollywood hello
Uh
Most of the problem with the the Catholic Church is that the people in it are basically ignorant and they don't want to believe
My parents were immigrants and they went to second and third grade
They lived every day the adopting of the church. Yeah, forced me into the Catholic Church. I hated it
I they wanted me to be a priest. I went to go I went I went to church into Sunday school and terror
I was raped by a Catholic priest when numbs held me down so I raped me
When I was 21 and I went to college I became an atheist
Okay, I got out of the church when I realized that these people do not want to see the truth to most of the fact that the reason why they don't want to see the truth is in terror
Because they're gonna go to hell which there is another cop out of all religions
and
I my my children are that I raised I raised the Misezius
I told them I was trying to them the death that they ever went with anybody
particularly if they were Catholic and
uh
My life
And
Your correct the Catholic Church is the biggest gay club in the world that's right and
Anybody who has a chance okay that can get away. I know it's for even club cathode ray ain't even the same league with the catholic church
Get away from ignorant people because these people are the ones that maintain the religions and the church and god bless you sir
God bless you too. Okay
Let me say it again, you know if if there's a god he wouldn't have created sex if it was evil okay
So the whole concept of celibacy and something wonderful and the idea that there people are really uh
Gonna be celibate. I'm sorry, but
wrong
Wrong no such animal it doesn't exist. It's a fig Newton of your imagination
Oh, but there's so much more spiritual than we are right especially about two o'clock in the morning after they had a couple of good jack Daniels
Inem and whatever else they had in them
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile and Miami Beach hello
Hey, Neil. Yes. I just passed Bob or cat sitting in drive
There is a new new there's really such a place
On mausof Beach going down Collins. Uh, it's a little bit past tense. Oh my god. Wow
Oh my Neil my car started to tremble and you're
Has anybody told you about that and your teeth started turning yellow. Yes. Go ahead. Yeah, I've had that fat bitch Monica Lewinsky on Saturday night life
Isn't that pathetic that's what you're doing. She's doing book signings now. She's on Saturday night live
She's a big star and people are like sucking up to her
Here's a bitch that nearly brought the whole government down and only in America would they make her into a god them
Folk legend. Yeah, she wanted to keep a real low profile out of this great cow
You know and what is this teaching the you know the young people it's like oh go ahead, you know
Manipulate yourself and then turn around make a million dollars out of it. Right. You know, it's like
I'll see you better have been better off if he would have manipulated himself but the problem is she was doing the manipulating
It I mean this good was funny and I have to recognize that part of me is laughing on the other hand
I don't think I don't think it's the least bit funny. There's nothing when I see her on anything
I don't not only do it. I laugh. I get sick to my stomach. I get nauseous the idea that her and that cow linda trip and all these other pigs
All these other sluts all these other subhuman pieces of crap are running around making money from nearly bringing down the government because they got a big mouth
It's terrible. No. All right. I love you. So and god bless you sir. I got a big mouth for anything going in anything coming out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
See they would they won't they won't come to grips with us
They'll keep going here every Sunday all these good Catholics we got especially your people by the way because they're so unbelievably brainwashed
They'll keep going here every Sunday and sticking away for an air mouth and drinking the wine from that from that silver cup
And got only knows where your priest has had his tongue baby. Oh man
They could have the nectar of the gods in that cup and I wouldn't come anywhere near it knowing if that if any of those priests had their mouth on that baby first and the cup too
In fact there's several cups around town. I can think of they'd probably like to have their mouth on
Since this is your sports station
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on rhymes with 6 the on the AT&T wireless line
Look on masterpiece fears the direct syndrome player present six fields Romeo and Juliet what like
Through yarn window break it is the east and Juliet is the
Presentation of Romeo
Yeah, if you think he's a pig take a look at Monica baby
She is growing like
I'll see the board and cow. It's 11 29 at 5 60 WQM 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we continue our search in for a straight priest
Just initials would do
Here's the Pemberer pine. Hello
Hello, Neil. Did you see that article in the in the hero of yesterday about Wayne High Pingo?
How amazing it was that he convinced Jimmy Johnson to stay with the dolphins and all that
Why did the article I was all about Jimmy the thing that I saw wasn't about Wayne
Was about how Jimmy has never told his girlfriend that he loves her and what a cold calculating piece of 30 is you mean that article?
Yeah, it was in that article. They were they were talking about how amazing it was that Wayne Azinga
Turned around his plane came back and then Jimmy to stay all this stuff and I just thought you
The whole story is you know
Here we are with the sports station. There's still don't have it right on this station. That's not the real story
The real story is Jimmy's that's written the quit unless they brought in Dave one stand and he you know
It was a power play and Wayne is pissed still pissed off about it
There's some reason nobody in this town can get that story right
Oh most of them have their heads up Jimmy's back home so they don't want to tell you the truth
Neil one more thing could you play before a bill for me? Okay, thanks
That movie was on by the way last night. Can you believe that it was on the UPN on channel whatever that is 33 39
It puts the lotion in the basket. It was on here again real grainy
Film of it too by the real bad grainy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless now
We got six thousand open lines here. We'll never make it till noon much less to a clock
I better crank up that manudo music again
Or is it Ricky Martin the same difference? Yeah, Ricky Martin. He's real hot now, man
Okay, whatever you say we believe you we believe it
Here's hi, Leah hello
Hello, yes sir. Hey, Neil
Yes, hey, you realize this
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir
Uh, I've listened to your show for a while and I've heard you in the other atheist and I've heard the Jesus freaks calling
And you know the funny thing is I'm sitting there scratching my head out the hollow hell either you or the Jesus freaks know anything
As far as what happens after we die long as last time I checked you the one of y'all died yet
Yeah, what do you get your uh what makes you believe that we that we just happen to be here that we just
You know something happened pop bam were here
I'm sure you you must the point pal. I don't care. All I know is that we're here. I don't believe anything about that
I don't either. I don't so so then what's the point?
No, I'm just curious. I'm here everybody saying this is you know there is no God then I'm here and
Here and uh, you know if you know this is the truth if you don't believe it
You're gonna be smoking for the rest of your life. Yeah, you don't have to help anybody knows anything
So what kind of a concept is that first of all what kind of a god is that that anybody would invent and they did that
That would be so hateful that if by some some
Accident you didn't want to believe in whatever bunch of fairy tales it was that you would wind up to your twisting and hell
For for eternity. What kind of a what kind of a concept is that beside an SNM concept? I mean, I don't I mean
I mean, yeah, I said I mean I mean I wish I could believe in it, but I you know, I don't I don't why you would why do you wish you could believe in it?
Well, because I mean least I mean I think in their minds they least know whether they're going after they die
I don't have a clue. No, they don't know what I'm sure let me say it again. Have you ever stepped on an insect?
It's dead. We as far as we know is far as well. Okay. Well listen. I'll see an insect heaven. Okay. There you go
See he even had to come back for that as far as we know maybe it's in cockroach heaven
Maybe it's in skater heaven
Never thought about that very good sir as far as we know
It's dead, but you never know because maybe an ant has got a soul
How about an uncle five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's overtown. Hello. Hey, you know, how are you doing? Okay, sir? I just want to know if you saw the herald on Sunday
There was a article about the Cuban coach who left and stayed in Baltimore
He left his wife and four kids behind because the infrastructure stunk and Cuba
So now I want to start a new life, you know, what a great example. There you go
Yeah, I'll screw that basically. Hey, and by the way about Britney Spears. She was on the cover of people or one of those other magazines and she had a love trail
We got her right here rolling stone. Yeah, we got it right here
Real sexy. Uh-huh. All right. I'm out of mature. You have a good one and back to you
Okay, one call after the board that said I totally wouldn't make it till noon much less to a clock today
These people ran dry 10 years ago
Talk about else you the board and cow. I'm even I'm 10 steps better net
I've been milking these bastards for the last 10 years and they ran out of mature long before that
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Just the 60 minutes piece alone last night, which I know a lot of you people saw
That should have you off your ass right now on the phone with something to say about it
But does it no because this is South Florida pal
This is South Florida. These this is the land of the walking god damn dead
Pretty soon there'll be a rascal house on every street corner in this town
Because that's all we got left is dead people
Here's them unfinanable people. Here's a mobile and poker. Hello any all you don't okay sir
I think you're opinion on all these Chinese protesters
What the hell's their problem anyway? They got to have something to do
Don't they when you got two billion people over there they got to have something to what carry on about
Well the government we had a whole map you know is so we've probably got it at sicko gas stations and we had an old map and
Had some bad information on there
The government you know what the one to be stealing those nuclear secrets then maybe
You know we're gonna have some accidents. That's all I can tell you
I don't understand why the government doesn't let them protest against them. It'll let them protest against us
Well, hey see that you got it all backwards now. We're the enemy man. We're the bad guys
And have a great day. I guess that was it
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
I got those two checks in my pocket. I could suddenly take a turn for the worsen take yield right now
We can bring in Lenny Martez to do the rest of the show and talk about the nicks
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I don't want to talk about guy today. Yeah, I want to talk about hockey
You got a minute. Yes. Okay. I was out of town. I'm going out of town about two weeks ago
And I heard you say something about Mike Lang
Finale show from the Pittsburgh Penguin. Yeah, greatest in the game without a doubt
Well, that's your opinion. He's great, but he's not the greatest in the game, but that's your opinion
What about it? Well, I want to say that I've been watching a lot of the hockey playoffs and I'm glad them
Panthers aren't in it because they just played boring hockey. I saw a game the other night
They lose game the other night four to four five to four was the final the best hockey game. I've seen the last day
Yeah, that was a good game crappy gold pending, but a good game
Well, I think that the average fan wants to see a five before game
I don't think they want to see a one nothing game. I think that
Dominic Haasick shutting out the other team is his boring to me. I'd rather I agree. I couldn't agree with him
Or I don't want to see one nothing games. They stink two to one games think well hopefully the
Hopefully the Marlins won't have the worst record in the world this year, but I want to tell you show and get back to work
Okay, and get back to work, huh?
That was works, sir. You were it. That was the end of our calls
That was our last call for Monday not bad. We lasted to 1137. I got my check 15 minutes ago market down
567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line the near Roger show and town chick
I find to get your mind to writing that article at least supposed to be writing this week about the rating book that came up two weeks ago
You can write that the near Roger show as we knew it is now over at least on Mondays and maybe in general
I'm sitting here. There's not a call on the guy damn board. Georgia's patching around with some crank there online seven
There's not one call on the guy damn board here
With all of these things going on
And the excuses well, it's Monday, you know, well guess what I'll stay home on Monday. How's that that's I'm good
It's good to me. God three day weekend sound magnificent
WQ I am
Neil yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay? Well, I'm wondering with all the desperate this great old-time original this nice stuff that's happening
It's sort of a great sort of be great with all this religious stuff
Those people just killing each other and Bob going off and so that's nothing new. I mean, did you uh?
Well, by the way, you know Dana played it all right. Yes. She's dead. Was she on stern? Yeah, that's what they before
That's what they said in the story and then she is over those time. I think I put it over the edge
He was uh, he was I heard parts of that now. What was the trip? Oh, sir. I don't want to
Because if you die, yeah, what's her? You're delicate
But yeah, he was a little mean to her and with you know, it's just
It's unbelievable. How do you like that then she goes home in the oldies and all these pills all these things very tough stuff
Thanks God, okay
Of course we did see that see the kept showing that one thing her with the chains. I mean, I don't know what that was that a drug thing that she was arrested for 80 million times
From robbery oh armed money for drugs. Oh to get money for drugs. I knew it was a drug
Because that's just thing you know, that's Hollywood for it. That's your business
22 before noon at 560 WQ. I don't know what's the large and in the basket
How I love the liquor pudding that is why I become a singing
Let's be a nun
Mr. Mary Katz, the rent was so in front with what I done
You may be action with her son
Can you see for safety leaves at this song when's the number one?
Because I was a nun
Sound away to make some passion hope the royalties will lack because retired nuns don't get none
I never made it that big because I didn't look that great
So I got the young who had a new and drugs and getting laid
Had my one and only hit him and the bad again got hit the both that there's my big
Now that I'm dead I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally feels to go with one in my
1144 560 WQ I'm you know, I'm looking at this thing in the travel section yesterday's hero
I'm getting pissed off and what even gets me more pissed off is that arrow that none of you are pissed off
Because this is the remember that song palmed out pretty by Jean Pittney
Maybe Volca Brian could we do that the town without passion oh by the way no check for Volca Brian
It's more forgotten all about him
Why is he a pain in the ass? Call him up and tell him stay home
Well, seriously here we are the travel section section J as in joke in yesterday's hero
Bed on it here's a big full-color picture of Mandelae Bay which opened at the south end of the strip in March on in Vegas
Which you've had some spy reports on and people say it's very very nice
And
Then here's the thing of the Venetian the brand new and it just opened a few days ago and the thing about the Milagio
And about New York New York and about this and about that and it goes on and on and our pages and pages and then we go on about
Voloxy and then here's the thing that's his
Golf Coast has never seen anything like the bull revage and it's got a picture of that with it
$700 million bull revage and eye opener on like anything else on the golf coast and here's all the information
If you go how to go where to go who to call the packages yada yada yada and this is the same
God damn mother scratching my any hero that along with our other bogus newspaper in this town for years every time
Anybody even mentions casino gambling they start crappin in their pants
They don't let a month go by without at least one editorial about the evils of casino gambling
These are the same people back in the was that the 70s of the early 80s when we try to vote in casino gambling that ran
Those bogus pictures mark fisher wrote that stupid thing in a paper in the herald with the picture of some old bum out there behind a casino
About a mile behind a casino in the middle of the desert out there as though that's what Vegas is all about
See they just keep slapping you in the face because they know that they got a monopoly. You got no choice
There's one newspaper in day. There's one in Broward. That's it
You got no choice
So they just keep slapping the public in the face
Just like they did with the metro rail first they helped to put it over and then after it turned out to be a
Lemon a year later they come out in the sunday magazine
Metro fail a boom dog a white elf and whatever they called it and slapped the public in the face after you put all your text money up to build it
Again, it just happens to go downtown, you know right by the herald
God, it's unbelievable the crap that goes on in this town and it goes on not because of the hero
That goes on because the the indifference of the people who live here. That's why all this stuff keeps going on
Nobody here gives a flying crap about anything. So why do I pick it personally then I come in here every day
And no matter what I'm talking about
You know, it's that same
response
Oh god, they're big they're they're they're baseball-sized pellets falling on our roof
They're little green months. They're just landed from Mars
Yeah, yeah
And the goddamn mighty heralds got 75 pages in here on Vegas and how great it is and all the numbers you can call and go to Vegas
Go to Baloxie go to the Bahamas go to hell
What time is the early bird Max?
Here's a mobile informer is hello
Gone long gone. Okay. Thanks for waiting here's for Lauderdale. Hello Neil. Yes, sir
How about on 60 minutes last night that spokesman for no trudame hide behind the first amendment?
Separation of church like I said when it's convenient they hide behind it and then of course when it's not convenient
When they want to stick their nose in the political system then they forget all about it
The only thing they want to separate is they you know what they want to separate
Braco yeah, and one last thing you're right on the monkey with Jimmy busted
He's a Gordon get go with a wine shirt on okay
He's a geekos what he is no talent piece of crap only only here could Jimmy Buffett be a big hit
He is the biggest turdburger. I mean, but then again, you know people have got great taste
You know I'm saying people who like vanilla ice cream
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir
Speaking of the Harold I was wondering if you saw the article today about the
entertainment industry conference and DC and I wonder what I'm right here. I got it right here
Do you see what foreign halves has to say blaming the entertainment industry on those shootings?
Uh-huh. I think he and Charlton has been out to get together and massage each other's rifles. What do you think?
One massage something
Yeah, okay
God, like I said everybody's looking for a scapegoat. It's the NRA. It's Jack Paletti and the people in Hollywood
It's the video game manufacturers
Nobody takes responsibility for anything bring it up their kids for uh for their own actions for anything else
Why should the kids take responsibility for their own actions when their parents don't want to do it
Like I said forced sterilization
That's the only answer because this is a country that loves violence that loves guns that loves shootings
That loves all these things
And if they think that by having some stupid conference up there that that's gonna change anything good luck to you man
All I can say is yeah
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello
Neil yes, sir
Uh, just want to come with them that data plate up and speak and take responsibility
I know that somebody's gonna open up their mouths and say that this is Howard Stern's fault as a broadcaster
They're gonna blame him for her suicide the next day. The bottom line is you get on drugs. Yeah, Robin
Lordries for cash and suddenly it's a broadcaster's fault. What a bunch of crap. Okay. Okay. Okay. Give Howard a big kiss for us
Who cares?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I got some bad news for you. Rick Martin is not gay
Okay
He's not why is that bad news? Well, it's bad news for you. I know you'd like to be gay
But no, not why do I care if Ricky Martin is gay or not? Well
Just for the community. I guess but I met him at liquid probably a year ago. Yeah, I'm checking out every girl in the place
He was all over him. He wasn't all over me even though yeah
I just shown him my rectum if you wanted to see it. Uh-huh, but uh, I don't think you're gonna get that I guess that proves it to me
I guess it must turn you down so he must be straight. Yeah, you know. Okay. Thanks for the good. No
Okay, that's what they all say. I believe you do I believe him no and that makes no difference to me sir
I don't care. I'm not interested in uh, okay. I even waste my time Ricky Martin on small potatoes
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes sir. I finally figured out what those postcard carousels are with the muscle bound guys and the little bathing
That you kind of virtue I
virtue eyes that what you wait non-line for a lot of reticket their their chasel with feeding cards. Uh-huh
and
You got to feel sorry for the guy who admittedly is you know his gay within that whole
No pun intended
regime and
He can't even double without getting stuck
And has no place to complain
Okay, yeah God bless him and of course makes you wonder what the hell he wants to be involved in that whole thing anyway
What did you want to be involved in that anyhow? Can anybody answer me that question? No, I can't figure it out
Why the hell was anybody want to be a nun or a priest unless of course it's a good hiding place
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line. Here's a mobile in Miami shores. Hello
Mobile in Miami shores
Well, whatever it is. Let's go to Miami shores. Here it is
I have two things for you. Why don't I give you other things? I know you're a fan of Bob Prince
Yeah, and when my father passed away my mother gave me a tape the only interview he ever granted
Uh, I guess about his dismissal from the pirates right?
80k yeah, if you would be interested in that I would be more than happy to give it to you great because it's just sitting in the drawer here
And I've just had it for a couple years. I don't need it
And then so after the next thing if you can give me George and your address on mail up to you right the other thing was this morning
When you talk about the Catholic Church when I thought that that 25 million dollars was being donated to them by that couple in broder
I about went through the roof
Because it just made me ballistic
You know, they're gonna have that money to pay for all those child molestation lawsuits. Oh, absolutely
When I finally left the church two years ago and the reasons I left
Were through a priest informing me about what the demands are from the diocese on individual parishes
You know they have to come across with 40% of their take
If it's no way they can avoid that regardless of the parishes rich or poor
The bishop once 40% and he could no longer stand in the pulpit and ask the parishioners for the money
He just had to leave he quit
And a said no more he said it's a business. It's not what he joined it for he really was out there to truly help people
I think this was wanted to rear
Individuals and then at that time I didn't need much of a push out the door anyhow that was the final leg for me
Okay hang on and I pray. Thank you in advance. Thank you
Okay line seven take that guy or give that guy give me something five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless one our pull question today
Canis must macho
Britney Spears or Ricky Martin
Here's a mobile in pepper pine hello uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing great great game yesterday
It was pretty good. I'm not a maple leaf fan. I just I just thought that in the last minute
So when I got trip to what there should have been a penalty don't you think so yes too bad?
Yeah, I know
We'll take it
After 32 years of futility. I'll take any brace we can get right in addition. Let me say it again
The score it where what's not like it was a tie game at the time you know I'm saying the least we're still ahead
It was three two and then they got the goal at like so the game up
I grant you that and Pittsburgh didn't get a power play but nevertheless
It's not like they got the winning goal based on a lack of a call. They were already in
Yeah, you're right there now
I think the crying up his storm okay and have a great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
700 pages on the heat and on the nicks and all this crap in both sports sections today
Airby I noticed over the weekend airy single columnist in both those papers including guys that have written the column in a hundred years
They're all writing about the heat does anybody with a brain really care? No of course not
I mean any white person with a brain really care. No, sorry about that. It's all my dark conflicted friends
Well, I care like Lenny Martens he cares because he's a dark guy. He's supposed to care about that. That's his thing
You got your thing. We got our thing
Here's a mobile in Charlotte. Hello
Mobile in Charlotte
Hello, yes, sir. Oh good. How you doing? Okay. I'm listening to you. I'm the internet. Yes, sir
I used to live in Florida for 40 years and never miss a day of your
broadcast and I'm up here
I know she went from my in Z to QAM
Well, it was like nine or ten years in IOD in the middle. Yeah, right
IOD or whatever what's right to say news when I move up here
I really missed you and then all of a sudden
Somebody told me that you were on you know broadcasting from QAM through the internet right
Yeah, so I listen to you now finally got you today and I think it's a pleasure having you there
I agree I could agree with you
It's a pleasure having me here. I said it's a pleasure having me here. I couldn't agree with you more
No, no, I mean it's a pleasure listening to you again. Good. I mean how is Charlotte compared to here
Well, it's a little more laid back to be a little nice, pleasant
Oh pleasant did you cut breaks down everyone's what he'll stop and help you rather than trying to aim and hit you
You don't hear any horns, you know, it's a late that goyum community, right
You know all the goyum up here and they think all those Jews have horns and tails and
Think we did devil. Well, it's a good idea to change your name to Smith. That was a good first move
And Zagdhousen pal good hearing from you. Wait a second. What are you saying?
Listen, how can I get some recordings of your wonderful things my son is
The smiring college DJ and he'd like to play some of your recordings. You know your little songs and things
Okay, hang on George. I'll give you a number
Thank you and take care yourself
Okay, line the six take care of that Jewish boy. I got whatever he is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line on another
Real and it's a squeezer. It's Monday. We're squeezing it man. Oh, not that hard, please
Yeah, let's talk about pooping on the train again. Okay. Should we talk about that?
No, I don't think so
See they think I make that stuff up just to be I mean these this is part of life
This is what life is really all about okay, just like that song says like money like Eric idle says in that song life's a piece of
He's right
Could be beautiful, but an eight
Three minutes before noon at five sixty wqm do yourself
You
Dear
I don't know if you remember me
But I was the guy in house you said I'm fire last year
God, I miss you
Even though you broke my car. Cut all my hair off. I miss you
But one quick question
Do you think you could let me know
Like you might let me out of this
No one's been me for weeks. I'm not complaining don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart
But if you happen to see my mother, we let it know I'm not dead yet
Dear landage
I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me
He might have looked and talked just like me but that's surely purely coincidental
I was nowhere near that place. I love you too much to look at anyone else
Dear a landage
I had a dentist appointment that day and I was nowhere near the sheriff's metal land hotel
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good wins all those rammies as well
That's
Hey come on. Let me on the pit. We yeah
No, okay, 12.03. It's 5.60 WDQ and by the way somebody sends me thank you Cheryl whoever you are
sends me a bunch of articles and one is written by Mary Ellen Carr. This is the forum
This is the margated coconut geek edition
Remember the one about the sawgrass mills mall and the tea rooms and all the activity going on in there
All the homo activity in the sawgrass while here is one cruising for sex in margate and coconut creak
Go
He's spending all her time doing you looking for the glory hole. Yeah
Man talk about one note Charlie
And casino stand sends me this from looks like a son sent a letter. How did I miss this?
Oh no, this is from city like magazine
Letter to the editor from Gary Parsons and Vokas as neo-Rodges the best talk show host again best of 99 April 14
I think not try dick feral of WPBR 1340 AM
And above the little letter they got a heading that's his kneels no dick
Okay, dickie Farco remember him no
PBR ever heard that station. No, yeah
That's a mentality and most of the people up there in Palm Beach County losers
Mickey Farco right up your alley little piece of crap what he likes about five minutes and IOD uh-huh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. We got 400 open lines. We did make it till noon. That's the first thing
It's a long got my check on my bonus shop
The important stuff now we're opening up a bunch of really crappy CDs that Tracy Neely sent us
Learned out all crappy. Well, well you're hiding the good stuff. I haven't seen anything you don't want any of this like what you know
This is music cranberry
Since when you rip me for playing cranberry
All right, I'll get her to something
You off your rocker or what
You
Stop the light
We love the cranberries here at QIM
We love the backstreet boys. We love the cranberries. We're not too crazy about Ricky Martin
We don't have any idea who this uh
Chris Perez is the Chris Perez band, but she sent this over. This is Selena's husband anybody want to hear it? No good
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir about Dana play though. Yeah, my theory
Honky Brewster. Yeah, okay
Here's the margate. Hello boring margate. Oh, yes, sir. I knew how you doing. Okay. All right. Listen to you. Okay. What do you mean by that? I've been I'm fine
How's it hanging great to the left? What do I do for you sir? What's your what's your material? Let's hear it
I don't have any material here's Miami. Hello
Miami last call of the I Neil yes, sir
I'm not even put up with these guys look at me and they all think they're funny. This guy's not funny
He's not funny. He's not amusing. He's not interesting. He's not even annoying. He's just dumb
Go ahead, sir. I'm my first time calling. I finally got the nerve to call it together. I think I got something to say without getting hung up on or
Demaine here anyway
I wonder comment on the debacle on
On Saturday. I mean who's running the city? What what is going on?
You got you know three lanes shut down and and you know it is you got a bunch of Julio's you know up there
And what is it what does the population do? They just talk about Castro Castro Castro
And when something like this happens you know they turn to road rage instead of doing some because some constructives
Yeah, some you know some smart all we do is we bitch and moan and then we run you know blow each other way on the streets
And that's it. That's that's the last straw in this town nobody wants to do it in constructives
So that could not
Welcome to Miami sir
I've been living here for like 15 years. I can't even know how it's 12 and you know
New York isn't really a step up, but you know I didn't expect this when I when I came here in 80
I got news for a peoria is a step up
And you know people say well let's go down land or land or land or but let me tell you in a few years or land
There's another little Miami
That's where it's going okay, but that's all I got in the only way to see an entry
Good talking to you. Bye. Bye. Okay. That's the end of our calls for today. Thanks for two hours and seven minutes of real
agony
I wish I could say it's been really delightful
What it hasn't?
How come we're out here and for anybody that's been in Vegas and seen the the brand new what's the one that just opened the Venetian
Open a week ago
Hey listen, I realized it's Monday your YouTube is either another important stuff
I'm sitting here at noon in the middle of a show on a Monday without a single call on the board
Not one
Zero count them this like I got the same number of calls on answer it the same number of calls on the board now that George
Had people came out to see him on Saturday
They go that's this town baby
The big oh not the one you're thinking about either
Absolutely
Unbelievably
On the heels of last Thursday this debacle let you people put forward
Just astonishing. It's amazing. I'm gonna. I'm gonna start playing music. I'm serious
It's gotta be an improvement over this
Talking to people who haven't got a god damn thing to say no matter what's going on in their town
They couldn't give a flying crap less
How is it possible to be walking around breathing the first year and have no opinion on anything
Nothing to say about anything and then these idiots try to be sit down amateur comedians out there. You're about as funny as cancer of the kneecap
WQ am hey how you doing George?
Neil calling. Yes. Oh
Hello, Neil. Anybody home?
Yes, sir. I'm up here in Jupiter. So it's a little bit dense. Yeah
I listen you just mentioned the new Venetian over in Vegas. Yes, sir
I have a friend that lived on Vegas and he was there for the grand opening and how was it?
I said it was x-fony said it was wall to wall paxidos and gowns
It was a beautiful night
He said it was better than Bellagio. Yeah, Bellagio doesn't do anything for me at all. I mean it's big and it's beautiful
But it's it's uh it's just I don't know generic. He doesn't have any identity of its own
He said the only good thing about Bellagio is the the pownies. They're all synchronized for the
Yeah, yeah, if you like seeing water pushing if that turns you on in the 11 Bellagio
Yeah
Well, I just wanted to call and give you a spy report on Venetian. Thanks for the good news, sir
Thanks, Neil God bless you five six that you can answer now. I mean, you know, that was just a momentary thing
I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you there because I know you're very depressed after going all the way down there to homestead
I don't want to mention with salesperson
Got any involved in that
Since I guess he's not supposed to be calling in that account
Wouldn't want to create any problems for that certain
Yeah, so we'll blame it on Roy
Because we know that uh Roy never really sells any real kind anyway. He's just a face man
We just stick him in their wins convenience. See, oh, that's Roy's account
But at least George got paid for it. Okay. Got paid for run nothing. That's good
I always said it's really great to get paid for nothing
Nine minutes after a noon at five sixty WQM if you use a cell phone you're thinking about getting one
Mobile one has got an offer you don't want to pass up. Well why is he sticking his head in that door?
Something this he doesn't if you would have shut the door on his head right there. I would have paid you a thousand dollars cash
Peter Leonard one of our sales assholes sticking his head in the door. It's business for what?
That copy we wanted so desperately for what?
for uh
That account that's very outdated
What is what letter does it begin with be that's his account it is now
What do you mean by that it was John penis's account last week and he was yes
He told me they're all done for now did this with his sale of the party at some believable nobody even knows who's got what account
Just like that the Todd Dreck of me a song of dance about the uh that one thing
Which I don't want to mention them because they're good friends of mine and then they'll take that thing out of my house
That they just put in
Oh my god
What was I just saying with this real old copy that John penis hasn't changed in four months
I was saying if you use the cell phone or you're thinking about getting one
Mobile one has got him off you don't want to pass up mobile one is offering the new ericson digital cell phone
Which is leaker and smaller than most phones embedded at $199. Are you Aaron?
Shit like this
We don't intrami cut in the cat up in they got the best work that you ever
Ask anybody in that table
They tell you this country where the country
There's grass done has some he want to
And from a mile away you can detect the smell of smoke
Smoke got your smoke smoke
He light up this breath and talk
Smoke got the smoke smoke
Smoke got the smoke smoke
The country
You'll be carry lots of herb in the gunny back
Smoke it every day until your lunch time
All right with all the funny that we have made
Make a dozen need and afford a
American food is coming here and say got nothing like this in the US
They smoke
Smoke got your smoke
Smoke
They light up this breath and talk
Baby can you puff and choke
Smoke got the smoke
The gun you're looking
I'm not telling you how they're up stop man
You like to smoke the giant slip wherever you turn
Many people coming here for miles around
So bite the earth from you bite the ounce of力
Raster man say to her mom are you right
They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke
Smoke got your smoke smoke the air
They light up this breath and talk
Smoke got the smoke smoke
They can't you be good
All right
1275-50
You may have a factor from the libertarian party
You know why do they keep wasting our facts paper
I wouldn't care if the libertarian party were alerting us that we were 30 minutes away
From having nuclear weapons dropped on our ass okay
I still cannot stand I will deal with your bunch of losers
You know they old expression
What if they gave a party and nobody came they already did it's called the libertarian party
That's so what that's all about
Wasted time waste of our fast-pair of paper stop bothering us and stop wasting all these guy dentries they need to be chopped down
Here's a mobile in the gables hello
Hi Neil I'd like to call somebody okay last call today here it is here's West Miami. Hello
Hello Neil yes sir hey listen
I want to ask you something hold on with what what was that um
If if what was that what i'm confused now
Confused about what about my sexuality uh-huh no kidding
WQAM
Hello yes sir hi Neil
I wanted to talk to you about
Sorry you got me eating I didn't think you were okay well you're you're at you are only called
Your last call today by the way sir
I'm a first time caller too okay
I wanted to talk to you about
I was listening to you never bother to call just sit back and listen
But this weekend I had a terrible experience in my church
My kids want to have their first communion the priest is charging for tickets
So I went up there and asked him why don't you sell me tickets for uh Easter Sunday
Uh-uh ask one day all the other tickets
He said oh we all do that and why did you do this
He said it's a family thing
This is a family man it's not a regular church event
Yeah
So I said oh thanks a lot
Why don't you sell me absolute solution
You said now you're getting ridiculous
He said now you're getting right down to it how about 25 rants on
Okay, well it's not like you're gagging on a pal so I spit it out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach hello
What's today
Here's a homestead hello
Hey, yeah, what's up? How you doing sir?
Listen the money come made all that other money you know make it all that money going down impression
I mean hey, I'll eat
Um, well, uh-huh, okay
Here's a mobile and bokeh hello
Hey there, Dale. How you doing today? Okay, I hope another last call
Hey, uh you go all over the place. How about Caribbean? There any good places to go there like no no nothing at all
No, you don't like it at all
Like what what is there to like what do you want to go to the Caribbean for because it's close. It's cheap
What do you want to go there for?
Gamble gamble and then you mean looking at Bahamas? Yeah, a lot of yellow is too flat. Yeah
I figured down the game. What's it make whether it's flat or not? I thought you wanted to do is gamble sir
Flat I think is the operative word as in your rectum
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello, now. How you doing? Okay. Uh went to Vegas for the first time on Monday got back Friday, right?
Outstanding. I think it was a real nice place
Um the Belazio. I'm Venetian. It's not even done. I don't know what people are talking about the Venetian
Yeah, the Venetian opened last week. Yeah, but you can't see the pool every other it's not completed
You can't see the shops because that's not completed the only thing I've just seen is the casino the lobby
That's it right everything else it kind of takes off
I like the fresh flowers in the Belazio. I mean, I don't know if you've been if you've seen all the fresh flowers
They did in the lobby as you walk the flowers. Yeah, you like pansies
They put like yeah like
Gladio. Those and all of the old as I love the gladiolas remember little darling by the gladiolas. That was a lot better
Exactly as you do different always this most like different flowers. Uh huh. Yeah, but uh
Yeah, but it was okay. I mean a fantastic place. I went to see Hoover Dam and even you know
Even if you don't gamble for people who just want to go and drive through the mountains
I mean rent a car and kind of go to Hoover Dam and
Help be in here even a hero discovered it's more setting than being here. Oh, yeah
I mean it's well the hero's a joke. I mean they don't know what's going on
I mean they but I but I did I had a great time
I don't know if you have a second to let me tell you a story my girlfriend was completely
Against gambling, you know, she's like a it's awful and
She's got money but she's got a she's religious fanatic
Not fanatic, but she does believe that if you're gonna throw your money away
You might as well give it to church and not to
Oh Jesus go
I know so
At a nickel slot machine you know that around 11 30 p.m. With uh with 15 cents in her hand
Was she puts the last nickel in it hits 100 nickels?
She takes those honey mucos puts the next nickel in and wins 80 nickels. Yeah, so now she's hooked right like a fish
You know what I mean? So I go to the crab table. I come back at 4 30 in the morning. You know she's still sitting at the slot machine
There you go. Yeah, so I guess religion
It's a good ice map, you know thank God for that. Alrighty. So that's a wonderful place. Thanks for the advice and I can't wait to go back
Thank God bless you. I'll see you at the MGM grain. Okay. There's a guy had a good time in Vegas
I mean I hear all discovered they have a great time in Vegas
We're even according to them. Bullock. So you're any place elsewhere there's gambling and nightlife and all of these things
How do you like that?
Is it an amazing listen to this and this can't be the same newspaper can it be that's been told us about the evils of all of this stuff?
Uh-huh
So evidently it's great to spend all your hard-earned money just to go out there to go someplace where you have a good time
Then you can come back here and be bored because that's the way the hero wants it
You can go to see some goddamn stupid basketball game
God
And then I hear some jackass this morning on the on the joe and the uh bagel boys show this morning talking about well
You know those people in Detroit they have more people go to the basketball games
They fill up all the seats because there's certainly so much more to do here than there is there. Oh, man
Oh
My god
All these people I think that there's so much to do here. You know those must be the people playing golf
They have that that's and go into the sawgrass and cruising the tea rooms. That must be what they're doing
Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir
Uh, I was watching HBO this weekend and
Uh, do you remember all of what we had back in the the 60s and 70s Vietnam? No
And
If I remember it was a national disgrace and we lost yeah, we left with our tails between our legs
That's a really correct. Yeah
And a lot of people died for no good reason
A lot of my friends well
I've been watching hbo and they're they're showing movies
showing
It's how we we're winning over there. You want the war yeah and how we how we won the war and I just
I was just wondering
I won that war over Las Melvinas too
I was just wondering uh when that happened in the south want a civil war
On the growth wonder revolutionary war right
I guess it's just it's manipulation of the meat of of
Of our one movie. What movie are you talking about? Well, there was a movie
Back 21 and then there was another movie that I turned on in the middle of about some guy
Who was who was obsessed with with winning the Vietnam War and he
He
Commented this out to get in the knees troops towards the end after the United States pulled out and he beat
Ho Chi Minh and all this and the other thing and he died in a helicopter crash
But we would have won the war if I if that guy hadn't had the time to helicopter creation
Just watching this stuff and I'm saying ball beat like
What are we are we showing yeah?
If Henry Kissinger would have had one less cheese blin so we would have won that war. I'm sure
Oh sure there was nothing to it. I mean
We you know we were just to step away from winning it and
And killing more millions and millions of bringing another 50,000 kids home and body bags right and you know can I ever require yes, sir?
He's a monkey. He's a monkey. He's a monkey. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. What's that called by the way?
I'm a monkey
Bunky song. No
Called a monkey song
Oh, okay, it's coming up. Oh, I've seen you see what happened now that happens for the all the time
Every time we're gonna do one of these next spots and I got a cue up one of these things every time some thing comes in there
And I wind up getting you know lost
Don't blame the caller on that blame yourself. Okay. I did it goddamn it. Oh god. It's called this ball
1226 at 560 WQM you want
Oh
All right, oh I'm a monkey you're a monkey. The monkey you're a monkey we're all monkeys down
I'm a monkey you're a monkey. The monkey you're a monkey. Where are you now?
Swinging three two three
Screamed as often child
No, that's bad. That's that's why we're all
Don't do anything, we're told because we don't know how.
Don't brush our teeth, don't come our hair, we don't even wear clothes.
We'll have them make your queen she was our violent war chest all.
I'm a morgueer, I'm a kitchen, I'm a kitchen, I'm a few air, I almost see some.
We're not well-mouthered, we'll be hatefully just love to drop straw.
Well don't run from smell, make your ass a tool, we're bad.
Then we'll lay down scratch our butt, said what you are, turn red.
I'm a morgueer, I almost see some.
We're not well-mouthered, we're all messed up.
We wouldn't want to be a dog that can't horse our cow.
You were smelly and we like it, and we've heard that things you said.
Don't come with them, be them, but so I will wear them on your head.
Oh, I'm a few, no you're not.
I'm a few, no you're not.
We're not well-mouthered, we're not.
We're not well-mouthered, we're all messed up.
We're not well-mouthered, we're all messed up.
We're not well-mouthered, we're all messed up.
You know what I think he's really trying to say?
Yeah.
1232 at 560 WQM, look at that, little Joey is on the phone, we haven't heard from him in about 10 years.
How's it going Uncle Mayo?
Okay.
On the libel.
Takes two days to get back from Vegas to remind you of what a crap hole town we live in.
Right, what a cesspool.
God, a suckhole place this is right.
Unbelievable.
What a low life, no brain, lame ass, dead ass place.
People think that the United States ends by a Disney World affair.
In Vegas last week?
I just got back Saturday.
We're just staying.
At Treasure Island?
That's okay.
We're walking right across the street to the Rosewood Grill.
Great location, yeah.
Oh yeah.
I mean it's towards the northern end of the strip from where all the new stuff is.
Yeah.
Can you see the new stuff?
Do you want to see the Venetian?
I was there for the Venetian's opening.
Really?
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Was it good?
I mean, my wife liked it.
Yeah.
I mean, I like to believe it.
How is your lovely wife by the way?
She's getting ready to count down the days for school then because she's getting tired of those breaths.
No.
But besides that, she feels real good after coming back from Vegas.
Yeah.
She feels much happier than I did.
She came back winning, Phil.
Oh, I see.
Her winnings offset my losses.
Oh, that's not bad.
That's good.
We actually came back with $10 more than we expected.
Of course, you're worried about your drug peddler like you don't have to worry about that stuff.
No, I know, but I mean, if there was a moral victory to come back ahead of us.
One thing about your business.
Anyway, that's all in prescription drugs.
They never have to worry that it's going to be like a dying business.
You're always going to be in business.
No, no.
And there's more of the population that's getting older, though.
Uh-huh, especially here.
Boy, the only bad part of the trip was the flight out there.
No, don't tell me you went on America Worst.
Yes, sir.
You went on America Worst?
No, I'm not.
No, yeah.
I'm not stock with no meal.
I'd rather stop 16 times than ever fly America Worst again.
They should only croak.
They should take the VGs, the whole bunch of them, and take a dump.
Oh, I mean, for five hours.
I fly America Worst again.
I do love I, you know me.
I like non-stop direct, but in this case, I'll make an exception.
Just this one time, I'll make an exception.
I'd rather stop twice and get there.
There's some other time, even though we got there, you know,
like 10 o'clock Vegas time, but still.
Yeah, but you know the interesting part about that?
You can fly American, for example.
Just as I mean Delta goes there, too.
But like you can fly American from Miami to Thudalus.
And you leave like at 3.30 in the afternoon,
and you get it, it's like a seven hour deal all the way together.
So it's 10.30 our time.
So you get there 7.30 at night.
I got there 10.15.
Well, that's my point.
My point is you get there 7.30.
Even though you have to make a stop.
Well, I, the trusting, I was in America.
American, by the way, the food is great.
Even though we are pissed off about their pilots and all that crap.
But nevertheless, America, I mean, how can you make the comparison?
I don't know.
Americans are real airline.
America worst is horrendous.
That was the worst 5 hours of my life.
Unbelievable.
Maybe someday you'll take your lovely wife and go on Virgin Atlantic
and go to, uh, cross the other direction.
Do you have a she's dining on the other side?
That's great. That's a great airline.
And you could afford it.
I'm sure you're going to schlepper like you could afford it.
Unbelievable experience.
And then what, you know, when I wanted to go see
but hadn't finished it was the Paris.
Right. That's opening in September.
First what they told me.
How did you go to Mandalay Bay?
Yes, sir. How's that?
Unbelievable.
Really?
Oh.
They just, uh, I warned they, the only thing I didn't get into
I wanted to go by the, uh, by the patty, by the pool patty.
And they have that lagoon out there.
But you have to be a guest of the hotel.
But I don't know.
What hotel is that that's in the Mandalay Bay?
The four seasons.
Four seasons.
That's right.
Where they have, they have a hotel within a casino.
It's unbelievable.
It's, I mean, when I just walked in there, I just was like an all-self.
And that's like the last hotel in the strip on the south end.
Right.
But still.
And it's not even sinking yet.
No, it's not.
Perfect out there.
Right.
Okay, Joey. Good to hear from you.
Take it here.
Take it here.
Someday if you ever get real bored.
I will.
Okay.
Take it.
Little Joey.
There he is.
Yeah.
Because they just came back from Vegas.
Oh.
You're like that.
Him and his very beautiful wife.
You met his wife, haven't you?
I don't remember.
Oh.
Oh.
Come on.
You wouldn't forget his wife.
You never met her.
I never met her.
She makes Britney Spears look like Mama Cass.
Maybe he'll tell her.
No, that's probably why he's keeping her away from you.
5-670560, 05-560 on the mobile one line.
See there's another story.
Somebody went to Vegas had a great time.
I understand that I'm just a sour post telling the truth here on a radio every goddamn day.
And it's not very uplifting to have somebody tell the truth about what a suckle place this
is because we got a bunch of politicians and a bunch of newspaper people who live through
their teeth.
And then all of a sudden out of nowhere yesterday they decided, hey Vegas is great.
Voloxie is great.
Hello, don't go there on a bus.
Man, oh man.
It just amazes me how you people just take all this.
Man, we must have about 2 million Peter Clayton's down here.
You know what I mean by that?
They must like to eat morning noon and night.
Yeah, they must love it.
Because you sure there's no shortage of it here?
God, what up?
Place this is.
Yeah, Peter Clayton, a great restaurant critic.
His favorite dish was alerange.
05-6705-60, 05-60 on the mobile one line.
Oh, the evils of casinos.
We sure don't want to have all of that here.
No, we want the French Canadians.
We want the old farts.
That's our idea of tourism down here.
The cheapest miserable bastard that nobody
any place else will take.
That's what we get.
We get the dregs.
We don't even get the dreg.
We just get the dregs.
We didn't want spring break.
We don't like seeing too many young people around all
at the same time.
It's threatening for the old farts.
They don't like that.
Here's Miami Shores.
Hello.
Vegas report number three.
Yes, sir.
Just got in last night.
All right.
You will think.
Now, what airline did you fly?
Please don't tell me America worst.
Well, I took Delta and it still took me over 10 hours.
10 hours.
I got bumped off and down the fort.
Or I mean, they suck.
You're right.
Delta does suck.
Amen.
You would think from the fifth busiest airport
to the tenth busiest airport,
there'd be more than one damn flight to get you out there.
Right.
So that part always sucks getting there.
You're right.
Anyway, the Bellagio, that guy was talking about,
they have an indoor arboretum.
And if you're into arboretum, I mean,
it's very elegant inside.
I mean, I've been in there.
In the Bellagio?
Yeah.
How was it in their last November?
I didn't know it was open in November.
The end of Venetian, they just opened the casino, the hotel.
Outside, there's an interesting story for that hotel.
The owner of that is one of the tribesmen
and Steve Wynn and Cacoria.
They treat him as an outsider.
So they give him a real hard time getting this place.
He was supposed to be open several months ago.
But he's having a lot of problems
getting his spinal inspections and furlough.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So the only part that was open was the casino
and the hotel lobby.
They said it'd still be like a month
before they get the shops open and the rest of the tower.
But supposedly, when I was talking to one of the managers
there, they said the owner's gonna double the size of it.
Again, next year, and build a complete another wing
that merely feels like this.
Yeah, I mean, it's man.
You know, it's something else.
It's mind boggling.
Yeah.
Did you see those water fountains in front of the ballad?
Yes, I did.
That's pretty amazing.
If you're into it, I watch a lot of water
fishing around, man, that'll do it for you.
Yeah.
So, I mean, what should I say?
It's always good to get out of town,
went by the mandolin bay.
That's where I'll tell you, I'm surprised when you go out.
You don't stay at the ballad,
you'll instead of the NGM.
What is that?
Well, it's a little bit more elegant, don't you think?
Yeah.
It's elegant, but it's just, I don't know.
It doesn't have any, it doesn't have any flavor.
You know what I mean?
Ballad, I thought it was gonna be like real Italian
because I love Italy and it's very,
because it's brand new, it's sparkling and,
but it just seems generic to me.
They don't have any kind of atmosphere.
It's Bellagia, I didn't even know.
It's supposed to be Italian.
I thought it was more French, you know, with these.
No.
With the ornate tables and...
No, not at all.
It's supposed to be an Italian thing
and that's supposed to be like like Cuomo.
They think in front there?
Well, well, the Venetian is more like Merio Cuomo.
Yeah, right.
Well, the Venetian is definitely gonna be much more Italian
whenever they, and then they opened up a whole new,
I don't know, a whole new wing of...
I just like the NGM.
I mean, maybe I've stayed in a lot of other places.
I just happen to like it.
I have no complaints.
They can be beautiful rooms.
The room service is sensational.
The food is great.
And I just, I'm very comfortable.
Plus, being on the corner there,
it's just easy when you rent a car.
Yeah.
It's a lot easier to get from there to any place else
as opposed to being there in the middle of the strip
and like, seizures.
I love seizures, but I would never stay there
because you can't get in and out of there.
Well, I'm a poor shlapper, but I stay on the poor corners.
I stay on the cheap side.
I stay at the Trompatana.
Right.
Well, I'll tell you what,
they give you a nice big size room
and they're cost me 60 bucks a night.
Right.
Oh, yeah, I've stayed there.
There's nothing wrong at all of the trumps.
And it's in a good location right on the poor corners.
Right.
So, okay.
I mean, great time.
Okay, take care.
Delta's ready when somebody has been out of it.
Not here, you.
Okay.
Delta ain't ready.
We're always ready and Delta just says,
no.
1241 at 560, QN is a great Tuesday on Pompatown Beach brandy.
Tom, Jacob.
You just passed the launch in the LNM,
but the reason I call was thought maybe you could help me out.
I've been trying to get those guys down ratings.
Tough Lindsay's going on sick.
Gosh, Darryl says he doesn't have the authority to give them to me.
You know, I'll call Greg Reed.
I couldn't get him.
So, you know, and then the desire,
if number they gave me was to call you.
If somebody would get me the goddamn ratings,
I'll pay the king his homage anyway.
I'm only kidding, but that is the problem
that I do want to do a story on.
I'm just having trouble getting them.
I'll talk to you.
Okay, thanks Tom.
Tom, Jackie, you would like to write a story about the goddamn rating book
that WQM had this not just this show.
The Morning Show, Joey and the Bigel Boys
and the afternoon show Big Fat Hank.
Everybody on the used to be Big Fat, not so fat anymore.
Everybody on the station except at night, of course.
Maybe that's why he's taken so long to write this story.
Because we know who, you know, he's close with some of the other people
on the station to hang out on the track together.
But you know who he's the tightest with on his station.
I'm talking about that geek Tom Jicca.
Where the hell is it?
He's real tight with the...
Yeah.
And of course, nighttime.
Which don't play Mad Capplin for that.
It's just that we had all those Panther games on there.
Right?
January, February, March.
We had a lot of Panther stuff on there, which...
Anybody can listen to that when they're all on TV.
When they can watch Jeb Rimmer and Denise Pantpan.
Are they going to listen to a Christina Moron on the air?
No.
Of course not.
By the way, we picked a new Panther's announcer for next year yet.
No.
If the Penguins wind up leaving Pittsburgh, by the way,
let's bring Mike Langdown here, whether he wants to come down or not.
Of course, if we brought Mike Langdown
to do the Panther games on a radio,
somebody who does the games on TV might start getting a little bit paranoid.
I don't want to mention no names, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I agree with close personal friend.
Here's the Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Okay, Neil.
I just moved here from Ohio about a month ago.
I've been to every state in this country.
And this... this... has got to be the worst.
I've been to every state.
You cut to white and I've been to white.
This has been...
Oh, white is great, man.
I've been to white six times.
It's great.
Oh, my God.
I'm only 23, I don't have the money for that yet.
Right.
But I know why you don't have any collars.
No one speaks English in this town.
Right.
This is just amazing.
I'm just...
You're just establishing that I do as well as I do in the ratings when you consider that we have nobody to speak English here.
It's got a couple million people here and probably half of them don't speak a word of English.
There are 73 people in software who speak English.
I go to the gas station and the guy is trying to speak in a DA,
he's these Spanish numbers.
I don't know what he's saying.
Yeah.
You can't speak English.
He's the ACC.
Yeah, they have a beep or a boop.
Yeah, right.
It's amazing.
Mama La Pinga, that's all I know here, man.
It's their repertoire.
But about Britney Spears.
Yeah.
I heard her report on MTV this week and I saw a little thing on their news.
How big do you know what she's going to tell me about her boobs being...
No, no, no, no.
It's about her age.
17.
They say she's 26.
Is she?
That's what they said.
So this whole thing is a big scam?
You know how they lie about people's age?
You know how they lie about people's age?
You know how they lie about people's age?
I was 21.
He's 17.
Now he's older than me.
He's 48.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what I'm saying.
It says like a butter scam.
So I think she's older than 17 though, just by the way she looks.
Yeah, but would you do her?
Yeah.
In a heartbeat.
Even if she was.
Even if they're not real.
Okay, pal.
All right, see you.
Have a great day.
There's a guy.
Oh, thank God for him.
There's our best call of the year so far.
Are you living in breathing first course?
He's only been here a short time.
Wait another month or two.
He'll be going.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
See, we have a lot of people when they came here.
They were really fine, wonderful living and breathing people.
And they spent a few months here and they become real, real fast.
He's 23.
Next month, he'll be 83.
He'll be eating at the Rascal House.
That's what this town will do to you, man.
Look at me.
Look at me.
I'm only 25.
Going on 100.
No, actually, you know, something I'm pretty young for down here.
I really am.
I look in the mirror and even though it's not a pretty sight, it's, uh, I don't change.
You know?
I'm the same fat, old, ugly piece of crap now that I was, I'd say the last, I could easy pass for 55.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
No, seriously, if I said I was 48, am I right?
I could be 48.
Yeah, I'm, I'm like generic, which is frightening.
I'm generic.
I mean, you know, like that every morning when I'm shaving, I look in the mirror.
I go, but it's generic kind of like, like the post was specific, like Sam Rosen, who
does the Ranger game.
Now, Sam's a good guy.
He was on the Fox, so yesterday they do a lot of the games.
But I mean, Sam, Jesus, God, he could be the ugliest thing I've ever seen in my life, especially
when he turns sideways.
Don't, don't do the profile on Sam Rosen, please.
I mean, talk about Jewish knows the Sam.
I beg you, just keep looking straight ahead.
Don't look at the color guy, whoever that guy is.
And who the hell was that guy on within yesterday?
Which game was that?
That was the Aboston Buffalo game?
Pretty good game, by the way.
Nice going there, Sabers.
I noticed a few empty yellow seats there in the Fleet Enema Center, by the way.
All of you Bruins fans.
What is wrong with these people, huh?
They got a real nice team this year.
They're exciting.
They got that famous Ainess Carter and Pat Burns with his new haircut.
Here's Mimey Spring.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Speaking.
I'm a 38-year-old kid, and I see you.
All right.
Here's, like I said, 74 people down here that's big English.
I want to go.
I'm one of the 73 that are left.
Anyway, Neil, I don't know if you caught CNN yesterday.
They had a report from Moore, Oklahoma.
Yeah.
And they went reviewing a minister.
And out of his word, out of his mouth, I'm sorry.
He said that tornadoes were not an act of God.
Right.
They were an act of nature.
Godling does the good stuff.
Nature does bad stuff, but when it's good stuff, like somebody gets miraculously saved,
then God done it.
Right.
I thought he was omnipotent.
Well, only one often a weekdays.
I see.
And another thing I know you.
I think he's omnisexual.
It could be in.
Another thing I know you're not into Chedivari ball.
That's Spanish for Cunball.
But is that unbelievable?
They could not sell the 15,000 tickets.
Oh, you just said Cunball.
I didn't know it's the way or Cunball, yeah.
Oh, Cunball, yeah.
I call it in Spanish.
I'm not a song Cunball, yeah.
Cunball, yeah.
It's the same game.
I remember that.
I call it Chedivari ball.
Yeah.
Chedivari is cool.
And.
And they could not sell 15,000 tickets for a playoff game.
Yeah.
And yet I bet there's over 50,000 tickets.
Yeah, but don't you, you're forgetting.
They just start that many people with cell phones yet.
True.
This is all the other ones get the cell phones.
They'll pack that joint.
Oh, yeah.
Most likely that you're making.
They know how to pack that joint.
Yeah, I'm on.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I am on.
How about you do?
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
All right, baby.
Watch out for that Cunball.
I like that.
That's interesting.
I like the National Bad Moon Association better, though.
You know, it's a sport for black dudes.
Okay.
That's what the NBA is.
I had a couple of guys get upset on Friday about that.
What's wrong with having your own thing?
Don't you remember that song?
It's my thing.
I mean, it couldn't spell it right, but at least that was the general idea.
It's my thing.
Let it alone already.
Will you?
It's my thing.
It's like these white rap artists.
Okay.
As much as I hate rap music to begin with, but everybody's entitled to have their own
favorite stuff, whatever it might be.
But that's for the brothers, the rap music stuff.
I can't stand the white guys doing rap music, which if I could tell you one, I would name it.
Oh, by the way, a Sugar Ray.
You know who Sugar Ray is?
What is he besides Pretty Damn Hot?
What is his story?
Mixed bag.
Yeah, he's, yeah, he's got a little something in him.
I don't know about that, but he's sure.
Yeah, a little bit cultural.
Maybe he's like a little reacon, you think?
Sugar Ray?
Somebody in this audience will call and tell us about Sugar Ray.
See, when you start watching MTV, what?
They got to do something about that celebrity death watch or whatever the thing is.
Celebrity, what is it?
Death match.
They got a big hit.
Oh, yeah, it's a big hit.
Of course, listen, if they had snuff films on there, it would be a big hit.
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
Pat Sejack and the Alice Tribeck.
Over and over again, and he keeps, you know, he takes out the guy,
then branding Aaron, and he brands the thing on his forehead.
And then they then they put him in that thing and the thing,
the thing, the tampon comes down to whether it is and tamps on him.
Is that what they call a tampon, I think?
Uh-huh.
No strings attached.
And then all the blood starts gushing out of him.
And then Pat Sejack thinks he's the winner and they stick his head in the wheel.
And it just keeps chopping all his body parts off.
And the kids are going, aw, right.
Yeah.
And the guy comes back MTV, more TV violence.
And then like I said, half an hour later, they come out with a PSA about
being nice to everybody and there's this terrible.
And then, you know, here's a mobile and Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Phil.
Great.
Just came back to Vegas.
All right, another one.
Yeah, it took the whole family out there.
Right.
Twelve of us stayed at the MGM.
Twelve of you.
Twelve of us.
The kids, the whole nine years, they had a great time.
There's so many things for them to do out there.
Right.
There are kids, the pools.
Yeah, they got a whole arcade at the MGM grand.
They've got everything, but they got fast food for the kids so that they can eat it.
You know what I mean?
And move on, you know, they got the pools, which is just the, the whole place of the comedy
and you get in and out of them.
You know what I mean?
For the kids, with the grandailles.
Yeah, the MGM is one of those places where if you wanted to, I mean, I'm not that kind of a person
that I want to stay in one place in Vegas because I like to get out and get all over the strip.
But I mean, if you just wanted to go in there and never even leave, the whole time you were there, you could easily do that.
You can eat, drink, and be merry in that place.
Right.
You drink and make merry.
Exactly.
Went over to the grand canyon for the day, you know what I saw that?
That was a nice little treat for the kids and then came back and did a lot of gambling, you know?
So I recommend it, don't worry.
No, no, no, no, no.
What airline did you fly?
Delta, Delta.
And a quick flight.
On the way out, generated one goes on the way out.
On the way back.
An engine blows in the air.
Really?
Fire comes out and then it suddenly saw it and said that the kids right back in again, but they turned it around, landed us.
We wound up waiting two hours just to be totally humiliated by their staff, you know what I mean?
And then finally they put us on American Airlines and we finally got home.
Oh.
Yeah, but you know what?
When you get out there, it's just so enjoyable.
You know the kids enjoy it and the lights are flashing at five o'clock in the morning.
Right.
And the time changes, so you know what?
You have a good time.
Oh, no, no, what time did you get there?
We flew out at 6.45 in the morning on Monday.
Oh, so you got there in the daytime?
We were there at 11 o'clock, you know.
See what I love is getting there at night.
Flying, there's nothing to be like flying into Vegas at night and you're starting to get closer from the distance.
You see the light, you know, the lights of the strip.
Right.
Man, that's just the best.
Right.
Yeah, I think we'll do that the next time because there will be your next time.
It's just too much fun.
You know, come back here and accept my God.
Okay.
Ever great.
Ever great life, pal.
Very close.
See ya.
See all of these people, you think they're making it up?
Is that it?
Just making it up for the guy named Chamber of Commerce or something.
Even the, now who wrote this?
Jake Clark, the hero travel editor.
He must have sneaked this in here yesterday in the paper.
You know, that Sunday paper is 80 pounds advertising anyway.
And they got so much crap in there they probably don't even see half of what gets away.
When the hero editors see this, they're going to say, oh boy, that's the end of Jake Clark who over in hell he is.
He must be a commonista.
Because he writes this glowing thing, the new crop of luxurious Vegas resorts create a fantasy land where one can hop around the globe in a single day.
And about the Venetian and the Galagio and about the Paris which opened in September.
And this one and that one and on it goes, I mean the most glowing stuff.
Yesterday in a travel section, by the way, it's got all kinds of phone numbers.
You know what I'm going to do tomorrow?
I'm going to bring in the, they have 800 numbers that you can call.
For if you want to make reservations out there and they handle it.
And a lot of times you get a better rate from those, what do they call those things?
Where they have rooms from all of the different hotels, they have a word for that.
Consolidator or something like that.
But I'll just bring in those 800 numbers because then we have a lot of people in the audience who like to go to Vegas.
And I'll just, because I got those great big hotels books thanks to my good close friend Bob Lincoln.
Which I'm running out of that those, what, what, Dr. Racken stuff.
The oil, how, the fish roll stuff, which I take six of those every day, by the way.
What? Vitamin J. Right. My, my, my, atkins vitamins, the fish roll supplements.
I just mentioned that in passing, Bob Lincoln, since I'm giving you a nice plug.
Did I give him a plug? No. Well, it sounded like it.
Two packages long, he's packing them up. Right.
Twelve fit, two pack, I don't have to into two pack. How's he doing by the way?
Well, don't see him no more. Kind of like Paulie. Remember Paulie girl?
Twelve fifty seven at five sixty WQM. I don't, I don't know. I'm in Cohera because I'm here.
I've got these people all had such a great time and I'm here. And I feel bad for a lot of you people out there.
We got a lot of good people here, but we're all stuck here in this crap hole.
Hey, if your carpets look like a crap hole, do yourself a favor and call the expert to drive concepts.
Ready, I'll find some things. Don't look at the way you live. I'm at the Point Water Day.
It's the water to two hour.
We are ECP IOS.
Oh!
It's the Rex time. I'm gonna pick up my shoes, drift off my dress. It makes me wet when I see you get a big,
big Rex. That's too big for my mouth. I want it mercenary and a top of you.
And take it up my lubricated hoops to give me an impact on an AOC to the wall.
He is an AOC, T-I-O-N. I want a great scoreball. I want to laugh while the AOC went to suit your looies.
And that I'll give it a blow.
Work hard.
He is a morning agent. That's big as this. And please don't tell you. Take up this.
I want a wrap on this around your clothing tube and make your wonderwormic flow explode.
That's a new Rex. And it's on circus side.
He is an AOC, T-I-O-N. I want a great scoreball.
He is an AOC, T-I-O-N.
103 at 5.60 W. Kim, we got to hang global show from Shulestake 2 at 2 o'clock. Jim Mad Dog, man. It's 6 o'clock tonight.
And they lead in 2.935. The Marlins and San Diego. Any?
No.
Okay. Hey, they won a series against Los Angeles. Any?
No.
5.6705.60.560 on the AT&T wireless line. You got a lot of very happy campers who went out in Vegas recently.
Over the years, I've talked to two more runs who had negative things to say about Vegas. One of them you could tell by the sound of his voice.
He could have been in paradise with a paradise and still had a good time. And the other one was a guy that if he would have won 50 million in the lottery, he would have wanted to know how come he had to pay so much tax.
But other than that, here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, the problem was they didn't know what to do with a paradise.
Uh-huh.
Neil, I was in Vegas and one of the local joints. Yeah.
And I'm playing Blackjack. And I looked to the left, man. Who do I see?
We burned the weatherman. Really?
That was the funniest thing. And I'm trying to tell a deal is that he's someone.
And I'm saying we were the weatherman and they're laughing their asses off. Yeah.
Because it seems so ridiculous to call a man we were the weatherman.
He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He does a lot of good things for pet rescue and homeless.
He's the best.
Anyway, also outside of Vegas.
He's the kind of guy that deserves to be out there plunging his brains in Vegas having a great time.
He does. He's had enough adversity in his life.
As far as Vegas on the outskirts of Vegas, there is so much to do.
We were, I was on a roller coaster at the Primadana.
It's about 15 miles outside of Vegas.
The tallest roller coaster they say in the country. It's about 250 feet tall.
It towers over all the hotels.
And the outskirts of Vegas is just so much to do.
You go up into Red Rocks, up in the mountains.
I mean, it's paradise.
It's a beautiful place to go.
Anybody that goes there and doesn't ride a car is really missing out.
Exactly. I mean, there's so much to see.
Like I said, you got the dam.
I mean, it's great. I never got to get out the law fling.
No.
No. Well, one day I'm going to go out there.
But for people who are wondering what it's like out there, it's really phenomenal.
You should know, everyone should try it once if you're going to afford it.
Amen.
Take care, Neil.
You too.
5667-0560-0.560 on the 18-2 wireless line.
Well, I had listened to Harold.
Got everybody whipped up about Vegas.
We're trying to put the finishing touches on it.
If we just had an airline, somebody told me months ago on his show about that national airline
or whatever it was supposed to be.
And then we're going to fly nonstop direct from Miami and for Lauderdale to Vegas.
And about a beep.
Did it ever happen?
No.
Have we ever heard any more about it?
No.
Well, why the hell not?
I just don't get it.
There have got to be any enormous number of people flying from the...
What about Atlanta?
Did they fly direct nonstop from Atlanta to Vegas, you think?
You would think so.
It's a major hub.
Yes, and if you had to problem Atlanta is a major hub.
The only thing that wore a hub for beside crap is like Latin America.
So if you want to fly like American to Buenos Aires to anywhere in Latin America,
then no problem.
You've got a lot of flights.
But if you want to fly like into real America, like anywhere that you might want to go someday, forget it.
Here's Coral Gable.
Hello?
Dr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I am white and I like the NBA and I look basketball.
And speak English.
And I speak OK English.
My bonnix is OK.
I speak fluent Hebrew when I still love it.
Oi!
Yeah.
I'd like to...
There was a debacle on Saturday with the heat.
I just wanted to do a short prayer for tonight for Huweta and I am rough.
Please join me.
We're very pretty, how rough.
Thank you.
Hello, Hanuman.
How long?
And I hear a kid shout out with Mitzvah toh.
Um, the half day tonight.
And Cox Hoys.
Ooh.
Wonderful.
Um, I'm going to take a long hit so I will...
OK, good luck here.
OK, give it to Pat Riley.
Pass it along.
It couldn't hurt.
It couldn't hurt.
There you go.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I think what he's really trying to say is he lost his ass.
Yeah, let me trust you.
On that game the other day.
Don't be betting on ball games, OK?
That's how I'm trying to tell all your kids out there.
Like Don Sherry would say, all your kids out there.
I'm going to go back.
Don't go back.
Let's eat all the yuck.
Don't go back.
Just eat.
Oh, oh, oh.
Good thing about that guy.
He's got a damn it.
Good thing about that Luke Pucket glass here at the Air Cannabis Center.
He's got a bus to pain.
You're going to bus to me.
Luke, you're going to get a piece of extra fuel left.
That's too bad.
More time if he could have had it.
Luke, come on.
Luke, come on.
I want to fill the line.
Drop.
Don't be in trouble.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Pendoids have just left the building.
Okay, it's one away at 560 WQM.
Hey, it's one of those things.
Okay, so they had a crappy non-call.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Kevin Constantine sitting there with his mock-up applause.
Too bad.
We'll take the two points.
Anyway, we can get it.
Or in this case, the win and the play.
Whatever it is now.
The two points.
How do you like that?
My mind and my brain is still back in a regular season.
Like I said, after 32 years, you'll take anything.
If you want to get something like a new appliance or electronic
piece of equipment and your wallet keeps saying,
No, no.
Because of those outrageous prices,
get yourself into a plant's DVD for one of their tricks.
Who it can't keep us packer in his pants?
My anus.
My anus.
Oh!
My anus.
Well,
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
Well.
Hi, kids.
The all-like cut little stinkers.
That funny little sound that comes right out your stinker.
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid to write a little song about boo-boo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which place do I'm going to fart on.
And Dr. Dre asked,
You old man, you past kids.
Yeah, I know.
And what do I smell as?
Then you low-plat.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell that
fast-ripping gats and then Justin was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off.
And thought it so hard,
He turned my underwear backwards like Chris Croft.
And every night I'm like,
Oh, dinner's last.
Then he's fun at my ass, fast-rooted.
That situation's fast.
Smell this honey.
No, wait a minute, it's my girl.
Cause I don't give a fuck.
God sent me to take some world up.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
Well.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
Swim shady.
Hi.
My anus.
My anus.
What?
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
Swim shady.
Hi kids, do you like primates?
Want to see me stick nine of your nails?
Or are you sure I'm an eyelist?
Copy me and do exactly like I did?
Try sitting and get messed up with some of my lifeis.
Brain said, wait, try to get my head straight.
Can't figure out which mice are.
I want to impregnate.
Drafe said.
Shady, you were face.
Why is your face red?
You were face red.
You were face red.
You could say swell but felt like a cage self.
Who said to yourself on the shelf, chasing the tail?
Got ticked off a red panelist, left saw.
Kiss him, said I ain't no silicone with this fuck.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
Well, I can see you want to meet kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something cold up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
It happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the stress club.
My testers were filled up.
Moons of Bob Tannins took a dump and a kid.
So he got the pants out and crashed, falling the grass.
Dresser than the batman.
A shot down to the fence.
Come here, lady.
Yo, that's my girl, come on.
I'm giving damn trace of me to kick off the world.
Honey, man, what?
Honey, man, who?
Honey, man, swim shady.
Hi.
Honey, man, what?
Honey, man, what?
Honey, man, swim shady.
Hi.
Honey, man, what?
Honey, man, swim shady.
Hi.
Honey, man, what?
Honey, man, what?
Honey, man, swim shady.
We know we're doing it.
We know what the fuck we're doing in a garden.
She shifted her leg up and I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
I knew she was a father.
My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim
My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim
My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim isn't clean and however it's very rapidly starting to progress with our regularślivenirora and for the bounty factors of health basis... Thank you!
Okay, one 18 is 560.
Jim, was that a production or what?
That's killed some real good time.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the 18T line.
Here's a Pemberpine.
Tell us.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Today's paper, our brother Terry Murray, once again, has lost.
Yeah, I saw that.
And he says it's just a point.
Maybe when they got a goal for the Canadian team, by the way.
Oh, is there anybody cares about it?
That's right.
Hey, I saw something on one of them cable channels the other day
about the Rio of Vegas.
Yeah, I hated.
No, no good.
Not for me.
I mean, other people like it, I hated.
Okay, Terry Murray.
Socks.
Okay, 560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the 18T line.
I need a little help there, Dan and I, you know, give him a little assistance.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
Hey, do you play that Sims 80 version twice a day?
You're only in office for two hours, a bit of four.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.
Hey, listen.
I'm Monday.
Yeah, your pal.
Work Tuesday or Wednesday.
Any day that ended in Hawaii.
But listen, are you on a speaker phone or some kind of a crappy instrument or what?
No, I'm on a cell phone.
Oh, and that's better.
Is that better?
Now, did you take your head out of that big barrel?
It's a lot better.
I just came out of the closet.
Okay.
I just came back from Vegas.
Got a kind of disagree with you on America worse.
Everything went smooth.
That's one time.
I'm sure on time.
Now, even Brian knows my way up to first class.
It was great flight.
You know, first class on America worst is flying cargo on any other airline.
Well, it was good for me.
It was great for me.
Nice and comfortable.
You had a little leg room.
The food was real good.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it was fine.
I used to work for an airline.
I used to work for an airline.
I used to fly non-reference class at them all the time.
It was all right.
It was all right.
It was all right.
It was all right.
It was all right.
It was all right.
But for, you know, going up to that up once and down once,
it was better than up and down twice, I think.
It was non-stop.
It was all depending on what you're going up and down on, I guess.
Good point.
Good point.
And another thing.
I stayed up the reel.
I was strongly disagree with you about that.
Yeah.
I mean, I know you know what I mean.
A lot of people I like to reel and I don't know what to do with the attraction.
It's way out of the way and they teach you like crap in there and I had a very rude experience.
I had a very rude experience.
I had a very rude experience.
They rated me good.
The seafood buffet was good.
And the sweets.
You know, I went out there.
I went to Mirage.
I wasn't too crazy about the Mirage and I Mandalay Day wasn't all that either, I thought.
I was going to go to the restaurant.
What about the MGM?
The MGM is too big.
I just didn't get a good vibe in there.
It's like a city within a city.
Yeah, that's true.
The real sweet is like a telephone booth.
That's how small a casino is.
Oh, they like the MGM.
No.
I like big.
Well, anyway, you know, like I said, the worst thing in Vegas is still the best day here.
Amen.
God bless you, sir.
Hey, can I make a request?
Yes.
Can you call, can you play that big, big deck?
Big, big deck.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got 600 open lines.
Now, thank God we got that biggest thing in yesterday's paper.
Thank you, Adam.
That makes up for the time you cut that bad in the turlittown stairs.
Oh, man.
He had a real bad movement on that one day.
And of course, I hate to bring that up again.
A sore point.
But that was the special.
I was like 17 little grotesque animals, early in animals died in one place.
So now he made up for it.
I'll never mention it again, Adam, until next time.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, long time, first time.
All right.
I worked on the, I worked the outing day just a several years and I came up here to work on some of the casino ships.
And it's really weird how our, the people at our office don't want the seniors that we have more scratch off that you can imagine.
Lottery tickets.
Right.
They went to the fan if you buy them now, 70%.
They get the biggest sucker of betting the world by the way that lottery.
Absolutely.
And not for nothing.
I know you do promo for the Indian reservation, but they bring in 200 million a year in the state.
She's not a dime.
Right.
Not a nickel.
And they bust in these blue heads from all over.
I mean, all over from Nick Suki.
I mean, they bust them into eight, nine, ten buses and yet they don't want gamble in here.
Right.
They don't have a clue.
I've been in the industry a long time.
Go to Mississippi for a couple of days and see where, and see what happened with that industry and see where it brought them.
And see if there's any more poverty, rates, murders.
How much more can you have in Miami?
Well, right here in yesterday's Harold, the goody-touches Harold.
That's always a, and the headline on these pages, by the way, the travel sickness is bad on it.
Like this is a big, and the whole thing is presented is a big promotional piece.
If you go, here's the phone numbers.
Here's their website.
Here's the Bolrovage in Baloxie.
Well, the $700 million Bolrovage.
There's some money here in South Florida.
It's just unbelievable, really.
They tremendous high-job.
They do, it's basically like they're not like they're saying it's okay for all of these other places.
God forbid we should have anything so great here.
And have something that's got a beautiful casino or a 200 million casino on some of these hotels that are absolutely pitiful.
And doing nothing.
Right.
And you can have something there and bring in 2,000, 3,000 jobs.
You know?
And you know what?
Vegas is a beautiful place.
There's a lot of nice areas.
And I'll tell you what, they're going to lose a lot of good people if they don't start getting there.
You know what?
Out of there, you know where.
Okay.
Take that now.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the 18T wireless line.
Casinos, are we going to have them here?
No.
Are we going to live long enough?
No.
No chance.
That's because somebody here decided a long time ago.
It couldn't have been those people in the Bahamas.
Could it have something to do with it?
People in the Bahamas?
Uh-huh.
That no damn well.
If they'd all be out of business tomorrow, if we had casino gambling here in Florida, there would be nobody with it.
I mean, even now anybody that goes there as far as I'm concerned, they get like, you know, a couple of bricks short.
I mean, what's the point?
Why does anybody want to go over there and be treated like crap?
And if we had casinos here, they could just shut those things right down, right to the, uh...
You said it.
So they might just have a little bit to do with it.
And then of course our good friends at the permutuals, which I have some friends, in that industry, but they're a little bit on the paranoid side.
And they got nobody to blame but themselves.
Over the years, they've like blown away their clientele.
They've done nothing to appeal to young people and all the old.
They just keep dying off.
Dying off.
You look at the attendance figures at the permutuals here.
You have to have them out, Palomar, telescope to find them.
Because they've done other...
Other than the concerts that they have with those great artists, you know, I hear a pucket in the Union gap.
To bring out the young people.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, Palm 5, 6.
Then they have those salsa bands and those huchi kuchi acts out on Haya Liyah and what they discovered.
And they did this years ago, they did the same crap.
What they discovered is that the few hundred people that come out there for that stuff, they go out there in the back and they watch that stuff.
They never even go inside and watch the races, much less better, die on it.
Real great promotional people, we go.
Just like here at QEM, that's why the station fits in so nicely into this market.
Do they know anything at all about promotion?
No.
They got a clue.
No.
But Sam's got a nice office in there, at least temporarily until we make it into another production studio in the year 25-25,
which is the same year that does get in his new desk.
Oh!
Here's a West Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
How are you doing, buddy?
First time, long time.
All right.
All right.
Listen, three things, first thing, I'm looking through the formula that I can't find to call you.
So I call information.
They give me a number and I call I'm sitting on hold and I have the back recording of Power 96.
Power 96 comes on.
This DJ knows your number right away against a lot of people are calling your show from this wrong number they're giving.
Number two, I work for American Airlines.
So they are going to start a non-stop flight to Vegas without going through Dallas for work.
What is that?
I don't know.
It's in the talking stages.
I don't know how long that will take.
So anyway, I just wanted to pass it on and please, I have a Gilbert's Fire Report.
Okay.
He says, okay, I'm walking.
I live on a sunset in 150 seconds in West Kendall.
Right.
And I'm walking through a windy sea and I hear this guy saying, oh, to try and to explain all this stuff and I said, man, this has to be Gilbert.
So I go up to him, I said, listen, are you Gilbert?
He says, oh, yes, I'm Gilbert.
And I mean, incredible.
He was driving the Wagon Hood Security Crazy.
Then I had about a half an hour to get him off of me.
Yeah.
And anyway, he's lonely.
He likes to latch on anything that's moving.
Oh, man, incredible.
We said George doesn't let him on.
But anyway, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Go ahead, pal, and close it.
All right.
Johnny Miranda from Mondial Forwarding, you are a stinky douchebag.
Thank you, goodbye.
Okay.
So what was his point?
127 and 560 WQM.
What a spot.
It's not good.
It's great for you, Mb.
You down to Red Dogs.
You chugged a Red Wolf.
Now, open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck.
Red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember, you can't beat a red cock.
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front.
All right.
132 and 560 WQM.
Here's a fact another one allegedly from ClubCat Toad Ray.
But you might be a good point.
It could be from anywhere.
I have an idea who was sending these.
It's a sugar ray is hot.
I would suck that any time is what it's in.
Did we find anything out about sugar ray or who he is,
what it is, where he'd be from, huh?
I mean, acquiring minds.
Well, know these things, okay?
I mean, we have to try and get a little bit beyond Ricky Martin for crying out loud.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you know how you were talking about the other day,
how the brothers would call each other the Edward more than anyone else.
Right.
Not only do the brothers in like the youth,
it's also the white kids who call each other the Edward.
And the brothers call the white kids and the white kids call the brothers
and everybody's calling each other the Edward.
And that's the way it is now.
So white kids are calling each other the Nigger now too?
Yeah, this is much.
This is much as the black kids do.
Is the dog that you know?
Okay, thanks for the good news.
There you go.
Everybody's calling each other the Nigger.
Oh, right.
That's the way it works.
I think if everybody calls each other faggot,
spick, huh?
Cike, then we can all get along.
So seriously, then I think it kind of like evens it out.
They were all on the same plane field.
I mean, if we're all Niggers, then what's the problem?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's some mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How's it going, Neil?
Pretty good.
About the Casino situation.
I heard.
In fact, I just got a great new nickname for myself.
How about Nigger Neal?
It's got a certain alliteration to it.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
About the Casino situation.
Yes, sir.
I heard a story about that.
A lot of child didn't want Casino here because he owned the Casino in Bahamas.
So he doesn't want to take away the...
The Casino in Bahamas?
No, he did not.
No, he did not.
Whoever told you that must have been doing bad weed.
Lawton child's lost $12 is a child one time and was very much opposed to Casino gambling.
And so was Jeff Bush and so was Governor Bob.
And so was air repolitician that we ever had in the state just about.
And so, good luck to you, sir.
A nice try.
5, 6, 7, 05.
And by the way, Lawton child's here.
How's he doing?
Feeling real good?
No.
No, he ain't...
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
You know what, Niggah Niggah, how you doing?
All right.
Hey, how you doing, Niggah?
How you doing, Niggah?
That's a change of subject.
Mr. Niggah?
I thought to change the subject.
My shenanigans.
But hey, I'm doing some e-trading research on the internet.
Yeah.
Are you one of those day traders?
Well, I'm just in the office right now.
Well, I'm telling you, that's a scary...
It's so tempting, you know?
Oh, yeah.
I got a tip for you, too.
I'm going to get the facts on before I hang up.
Are you serious?
You got a stock tip for me?
Oh, you did.
Oh, my God, I love you, sir.
Hang on.
Or I might hate you pretty soon.
Hold on a minute.
I'm looking up...
I've been tracking Republican industries.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's just taking a huge dive.
In fact, today I look it up and they change their symbol.
Yeah, it's an auto-nation now, right?
Yeah, auto-nation ink.
But I'm doing...
Listen, if you were doing like they're doing,
you'd probably want to change your name, too.
I pulled up the insider trading info on Republican industry.
Right.
And I don't know if anybody's aware of this.
I won't say any names over the phone.
I can substantiate it with this facts.
There's an archbishop who's got $46,000 worth of the stock.
When he bought it, he bought it at $14 bucks a share.
He's lost his butt on it.
Well, what is it about 12 now, right?
Yeah, it's hovering between 10 and 12.
10 and 12?
Yeah.
It was 10 Friday and it's up to 12 today.
So that's what those day traders can get to make some money.
If you just want to go up and down, the stock too.
Right.
But then this is...
Well, I'd at least probably want to go up and down right now.
There's other one, 260,000 shares for the Boys Club of Broward County.
Now, where do they get the money to do that?
The Boys Club has got stock in auto-nation.
10,000 shares.
Maybe that was given as a donation by...
When I say...
Now, it says shareholder.
Yeah.
It says shareholder.
But isn't that a publicly funded?
A charitable donate, charitable organization?
Sure.
So where do they get the money to do this?
Now, there's some kind of underhanded stuff going well.
If the Boys Club purchases get some kind of stock interest in the company.
Maybe they'll throw them all kinds of tickets to send these kids to games and stuff.
But that's...
I have no idea.
Well, I've never really held a lot of time thinking about that.
Yeah. Well, you know, that's...
I was a member of that program as a child,
and I'm kind of wondering if they're spending people's donation money on something that's really been taking a crap.
Yeah.
Let me fax this over.
Please.
And I'm going to write this...
Let me make sure you get it right.
Yeah, I'm going to write this...
I'm going to write this symbol for this tip that I want to give you.
Well, don't just write this symbol.
Let me know the name of the company.
Do I want just some symbols?
Okay. I'll write them both.
Okay.
305.
305.
650.
0198.
0198.
Thank you so much.
Okay, I'm going to talk to you soon.
Okay, I'll put it back.
I'll put it back.
Okay, there's a nigger caller who says he got a big tip on some nigger stock interest stock market.
What's wrong?
Now, let's see.
I think I've always told you people,
if you say words over and over again, they have no meaning anymore.
They become destabilized.
They become denuded.
Denuded.
I like that.
567 or deluded and denuded.
567 or 0560.
0560.
On the 18T wireless line.
We have a call about sugar ray yet?
No.
No.
They're all still catching up with Ricky Martin here.
He's old news.
Okay.
He's Minuto.
He's General Hospital.
He's the Grammys.
He's Hootsie Cootsie.
Okay.
Big deal with him.
Even though all those silly little girls.
Oh, he showed up anyway,
even though I don't have any money for him.
Yes, it's a different one.
Good.
I'll pay it sometime.
When I feel like it.
Hey, I'm a little short this week.
I've only got those two checks in my pocket right now.
What?
Hey, listen, I got news for you.
That's the only reason I show up here is for days like this.
When I get that bonus check and the paycheck on the same day.
And I look at it and I say,
I'll call stock like usual, but God,
almighty, that's a pretty good substantial amount of cash in there, man.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Never been in Vegas before.
People make reservations at the Riviera Hotel.
They said they redid it.
Do you know anything about it?
They redid it.
I know that.
I have never stayed there either.
You never did.
No.
Good location though.
It is a good location.
Excellent.
Thank you, sir.
Have a great time.
There's a guy that's going to the...
It's pretty hard to pick a place that's bad.
Now, you could have stayed at the old Aladdin before they tore it down,
which are going to have a new one next year.
And that was a dump.
I mean, that place, Jesus.
God.
Oh, man.
Even a client tell with old and musty and he'll add in.
But, you know, it's like anything else in Vegas.
It's one of those places where if you're going to compete,
you can't stay old and musty very long,
because then you're going to be out of business.
So they just keep tearing down and rebuilding and adding on.
I mean, you talk about a place where the erections never stop.
That's Vegas.
I go out there average about twice a year, sometimes more.
And every time you go out there, there was new construction going on.
I've never, ever been there once,
when there weren't new places being built.
It's, you know, just like here.
Ha ha ha.
21 before two at five, 60 WQM Holly.
I just got it.
Wow.
What a nice deck.
Thanks.
I love his deck.
It's so big.
I think mine's bigger.
I've seen your deck.
It's not bigger.
When did he show you his deck?
Over at his house?
I was on his deck.
You wrote his deck?
It was before your deck.
Your deck is thicker.
My deck was pretty firm then.
You had a rock hard deck.
It's softer now.
One more year on his deck.
One summer?
For how long?
Did you weren't sure?
At the time.
But my deck's bigger.
What is it with you guys in your deck?
How many decks have you been on?
On.
Does it matter?
You just can't get enough deck, can you?
Yours is the biggest and the best, okay?
I'm gonna do love my deck.
Oh, let me kiss it.
I'm gonna kiss your deck.
Oh, yeah.
Kiss my deck, baby.
And throw, kid.
Ah, rub my deck.
This is really kinking.
What?
I've never seen a woman climb while another man's deck.
And rub his hard deck and stroke his firm deck.
Doesn't turn you on.
You never did that to my deck.
I love his deck.
Oh, yeah, baby.
It's stuck my deck.
Oh, yeah.
Love my deck, deck sucker.
Ouch.
Oh, what?
Splinter.
Just swallow.
Never.
Spit it out.
Girl's love.
Big hard decks on a man.
Girls don't like tiny rough decks.
Big thick decks.
Unfailable at dicks decks.
So you're yellow pages.
So speaking of that, so sugar raised the name of the group.
I thought that was he.
But that's the name of the group.
And Mark McGrath is the guy's name from LA,
according to Carlos, who ought to know these things.
Didn't you think sugar raised him?
Yeah, I made that assumption.
Same thing with Alice Cooper.
Oh, you're comparing sugar all the way down.
I always just don't know what weekend he is.
How about Alice Grandtell?
So anyway, somebody faxes me some bad news.
It says tickets are now on sale for Loss Vegas based national airlines.
And it's got a number here.
Non-stop service to Los Angeles,
Chicago, and New York.
Is Miami on the list?
No.
So you originally maybe they had plans to fly non-stop Miami Vegas.
And then they took a look at this town and they said,
No.
Forget it.
No way Jose.
That's where it goes.
I mean, they just take a look here.
Oh, G allows old, old, old people.
Here's a real mystery, by the way.
Somebody faxed.
Police say mother killed daughter eight years old with bat.
I'll let you take a look at the picture in there if you can see it from Orlando.
A woman was charged yesterday with beating her eight-year-old daughter to death with a baseball bat.
The mother indicated the investigator the child was wetting her pants at the age of eight
and that pithed her off.
And she said,
Pistoff gets me fired up when I hear that squirting sound.
Squirt, squirt.
And so I just beat her to death.
She ain't going to do it no more.
Here's, what is that?
Now that's interesting.
I've never seen that before in my life.
You've got five next and so how do you do that?
I didn't do that.
I didn't do it.
Wow, that's fantastic.
Here's Poppano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I also sent you a fact about an editorial this weekend about the guy that the woman being disrespected
the dead woman in the morgue.
Yeah, right.
How did you read that?
Yeah, I got it.
Unbelievable.
Yeah, that the her body was naked and how dare he look at a naked body, right?
Yeah, exactly.
You know that.
I mean, he was dead.
How do you look at a body in the morgue unless they're naked?
The way they don't want strangers to see them naked is basically when they're dead.
That's just, hey, I think I least put a veil over her purse anyway.
I got the tail end of the call.
We're talking about these stocks with the Boys and Girls Club.
Right.
Now, Boys and Girls Club was a privately funded organization.
It's not a publicly funded, privately funded nonprofit.
And I'm still waiting for that facts, by the way.
I think that was a, but what exactly was this point because I was listening?
I didn't care.
What were you saying?
I don't know.
He's trying to, yeah, I have no idea.
Really, I was so, too excited waiting for the stock tip that never came in.
So I, I would be the, not.
He's trying to say there's something shady going on there.
How come a publicly funded organization like that is investing in stocks?
All right.
Well, it's not a publicly funded organization.
What is it?
It's private.
It's private nonprofit organization.
A lot of fund rates.
I mean, United Way does around 6% of the budget.
But other than that, it's about a, it's a $5.5 million budget roughly.
And it's a lot of just privately organized fund rates in Dalman.
It's not a publicly funded organization.
Okay.
So they're willing doubt.
Exactly.
Okay.
Thanks.
Okay.
The voice club of America are willing doubt.
For those who are wondering, don't let the church find out.
5, 6, 7, I'll tell you one thing.
That piece, you know, I realized that most of you are going to touch it with a 10-foot pool.
But that piece on 60 minutes last night, these things, all these people want to say, wow, you know, you're attacking the church.
Got nothing to do with that.
It's got to do with the truth, which so many people out there can't handle.
And so they just put the blinders on and they keep looking the other way.
And they keep supporting and subsidizing all of these corrupt things.
Here's a Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is that you on that website?
Here's where we're going.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
What's up, Niggas?
Yes, sir.
What's going on, Niggas?
It's Niggineal.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, Niggacala?
I just got a call from a buddy of mine from out of town.
I went to college with him.
Yes, sir.
He's coming down next week.
Anyone to know if there's any available modern tickets?
Ask him what section he wants.
Oh, my God.
He could have a whole God damn stadium all the ones.
So they could have a command performance.
You think you're going to win 20?
Yeah, and his career, yes.
I think it's a good bet.
He'll win 20 in his career.
You're the best, Neil.
Okay. Have a great life, pal.
Have a great life, Niggacala.
It's the Niggineal show on QAM.
Don't forget that great sports Niggahangolberg we're here at two.
Old Adolfa Niggajim Maddach be here at six o'clock.
Then we got that Niggamaland stuff at the 930,
not the Marlins in the San Diego Padres.
Any interior, I mean, why do I even ask that?
No.
Silly question about the Marlin.
Yeah, they won two out of three in Los Angeles,
which the Dodgers blew a three nothing lead.
That first game yesterday they blew a four nothing lead.
Does anybody care?
No.
Are we impressed?
No.
Eight and 23.
No.
Very sad.
Twelve minutes before two, I see good old Niggabal,
a Boca Bryan in the other room there,
with his niggardly attitude.
I hear he really does.
He's got a whole niggardly attitude about life,
which is spelled a different way, by the way,
for those of you up there in DC who don't know the difference.
Are you looking for a fast, easy, reliable access to the Internet?
The thing you ought to think, you know,
I have an eaten anything all day and I'm like,
ready to pass out here.
I'm swimming.
Seriously, I'm dizzy.
Maybe my blood sugar is like real low.
I'm feeling mighty low right now.
But I can wait.
I can go give me a look at King's High Snickers bar when I get out here.
Are you looking for a fast, easy, reliable access to the Internet?
The thing you ought to be thinking about immediately is Mindsbrink.
Wait a minute.
One moment please.
See what you inspired me by having that thing on there about who's next on the phone?
And I'm trying to get on the goddamn thing here on it.
Look at this.
Man, oh man.
You want to know why it's taking me so long to get to that?
Because we got to lose damn dice things up there.
Jesus.
