Texas content Joe.
Constantin.
430-560.
WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Rodgers.
I want to talk to Neil.
Called 5600-560-Cole Free, our native browser.
4 pounds.
560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast groups.
Now, Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560-QAM.
Oh, God, Neil.
I'm not like the guy in the guy who knows the impression on other people's radden.
I'm not business, what you do is up to you.
Why some folks care and see aren't they?
I thought this country was free as far as what anybody else likes to do.
I like to smoke, don't be relaxed and I'm aware of the cancer and the heart attack
is the meantime on the cell T as I can get.
But these two laws are getting me pissed and I'd like to strangle the son of a bitch
that tells me not to smoke my cigarette.
All right.
Smoke, smoke, smoke that cigarette.
Smoke, smoke, I don't care if I smoke my cell T.
I don't give a crap what you say, now get the hell out of my way.
Oh, talk about another cigarette.
Now, you can't smoke in most restaurants, sports or even bars.
It's the most fashions that Jeff and I have seen yet.
I don't need any judgment passed on me by some tank of money as I just because I'm smoking a cigarette.
Smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke, cigarette.
Smoke, smoke, I don't care if I smoke my cell T.
I just want to have a little fun to get your hands out of my lungs.
I'm coming home, I'm coming home.
Zibiran.
Okay.
The ones who scream the most who seems about how dangerous cigarette can be or smoking weed.
Gee, I guess it's okay for them.
If you want any more, I smoke a lot of fat, let's be fed right over it.
You can kiss my ass and that's what I'm gonna have.
Zibiran.
Smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke that cigarette.
Smoke, smoke, I don't care if I smoke my cell T.
Okay.
I don't give a crap what you say, now get the hell out of my way or else I'll smoke weed or fake.
I don't have a hell out of my way.
Zibiran.
Okay, 1003 at 560 WQM.
All I can say is, wow, what a day.
It's about time we had to make seven in this joint.
Damn it.
It's about time we had a joint in this place.
Oh, we already have those.
Ask Jason, see how he's doing.
Have you ever seen anybody come into work as pie-eyed as he is every day?
I don't want to start picking on Jason because he's a good guy,
although he doesn't need to lose about 15 pounds, but nevertheless.
Oh, and speaking of good guys, we got so much today.
It's all inside stuff, by the way, for everybody out there that wants to hear inside stuff,
we had a brawl in the hall this morning.
Big major brawl, little dog and, and, uh, bluff Lindsay.
Major, I mean, the walls were thumping and tumbling and, uh, bumping and grinding and, uh, oh, man.
About quarter after nine, you know, if somebody came in here open the door up
and it sounded like the world was coming to an end up there, we're all going,
oh, yeah, let's go take a look and see what's going on.
It's otherwise very boring place.
But before I go into that, so speaking of Jason,
so yesterday, leaving here, I was going to light up a cigar and walk by and see David.
What's his name? The creep.
I mean, the board David Cohen.
Thank you.
I was going to see if I could get the, you know, a riser to him by puffing a couple in his face,
because he got so psychotic Monday when I made the grotesque mistake.
Excuse me, lighting up a cigar and I'm smoking building,
even though I was on a way out, okay?
Excuse me, David.
I haven't gotten laid in the last 45 years, and I'm only 20 years old, but nevertheless.
So I go and he's not in there.
There's a couple of guys in there, and I don't know who the hell they are,
because there's like 75 different interns working on that show.
And so I look in the studio and Hank is sitting there with a clown shirt on.
It looked like a cross between Christmas and, uh, through a Christmas tree and a Hanukkah bush.
A clown outfit on.
And so I'm laughing and I'm like pulling on my shirt and like pointing at him,
and he starts laughing like, uh, yeah.
Like, you don't get it.
I'm like, uh, Hank was, yeah.
Like, uh, what is that?
And he's laughing like I guess, I don't know.
And so as I walked away from there, it's just finally dawned on me.
And I know we mentioned this before, because like the morning show,
the one that's got those declining ratings, those badly declining numbers,
the morning show requires several people to work on.
At least three of them are in the year.
But Hank show, I guarantee you, when Hank was on the Belmont,
let's see, Al Michaels, Dave Johnson, uh, Charles C. Cante, Jim McKay,
plus all the production crew, all the cameraman.
You put them all together.
It pales into one significance compared to the number of people that a few way and puts in here,
to pull off the Hank Glover show.
And most days, they still can't get it on here on time.
I don't know.
Like that.
And it just dawned on me.
And then I got in the car, and the most astonishing thing was that most of those people were on the year,
making like guttural sounds.
And they yelled, they sound like Walter Cronkite.
Well, I don't know.
I'm letting him look it up in the book, Hank.
I mean, what a suck fest that deal is in the afternoon.
They're all in there.
They're shining your shoes in the spring.
The order went in.
I mean, just unbelievable.
What is that?
What a suck fest that Hank Glover show is, man.
I'm not holding anything back today.
I'm just going to let it all hang out.
You know, it's the War of the Words here today on QAM.
See in the middle of the summer, it's boring as crap.
You're called suck.
Let's face it.
And you ain't need any, any new York team.
You can't need any, any new York team.
You can't need any, any, any, any, any.
I mean, what the hell was that?
Did you hear that right to the end of their show?
Well, you couldn't help it.
We had a guy that monitored up, which we do as late as possible.
That would have pushed by the way.
There was a better call on Hank show yesterday.
After seeing that whole business, I go out of the car
and I'm listening in the first call.
Here's Hank sitting there in his clown outfit.
And the first call is some, one of these sports nerds.
These middle-aged, you probably play golf a lot.
The middle-aged sports nerd.
And he comes out here, oh, Hank, I just want you to know.
My wife and I see you and mommy lakes all the time.
And you've lost all of this weight.
We're so proud of you.
And you look just, I thought I was going to do a Billy Crystal routine.
You know, you look marvelous.
Oh, yes, in fact, you look so great.
My wife wants you and I want you.
Maybe we can do a three-way.
We'd like to stick our tongue in your rectum.
Oh, my God.
What a suck job that was.
And then the guy goes on to say, I mean, getting to the meat of his call.
Well, Hank, what do you think the dolphins need this year?
I mean, what are they still lacking?
And Hank says, I think they're all set.
They don't really need much.
Oh, hearing that makes me feel so good.
Sir, I got news for you, man.
You talk about a person that needs to get a life.
Needs to get a life.
You're with.
Look in the mirror, man.
Get a life.
And stop sucking so hard, OK?
I mean, Hank has lost a lot of weight.
He certainly looks better than when he was rolling around here like a gigantic shmoo,
but nevertheless.
Yeah, you remember the shmoo and little adner?
That's what Hank used to look like.
Now he looks like a guy.
He's lost a lot of weight.
He's doing a great job.
By the way, Lee Cutler from our sales department is a good guy.
Now that we don't have to sit in the room next door to him making all that noise.
He's a pretty good guy.
He came in here this morning.
And you know why he came in, don't you?
We haven't seen him in a coons age.
Oh, don't bring...
Roy!
No, we haven't seen him in a long time.
And he came in here to show us that he's lost a lot of weight, lost 20 pounds.
I guess how he lost it on the ad kids, baby.
Oh!
Dan, rather stick it up your ass, OK?
You don't know your ass from my elbow.
All these idiots on here.
Oh, well, this isn't safe.
And here's a cardiologist who says,
Buh, buh, buh, buh, yeah, right.
Have we lost anybody to the adkins that we know of?
Nobody croaked in a heart attack?
No.
You know, premature death?
No.
No.
Everybody we know seems to have done magnificently well.
It is hard to stay on.
It is very hard.
And the adiet too.
But nevertheless, once you get past those first UAs and get over their sugar cravings,
20 pounds.
And not that this guy was the fat guy in the first place to begin with,
but he had a pawn.
She was like a typical American with a pupick.
And that's what kills you is the pupick,
because all that fat around your middle, around your heart,
and all your other organs is a killer.
So there's Lee color doing great.
So anyway, getting back to what I said,
I mean, Hank does look a lot better.
He's lost a lot of weight.
We're real proud of that.
But I mean, this guy, what a suck job.
Just like I've told you before, most of the colors, 80% at least, of all colors,
on radio talk shows in America,
whether it's sports talk, nursery talk, gardening, whatever it is,
they call the suck around.
Because most of them have no lives whatsoever,
and they're looking for something to validate them and make nice to them.
And the big suck job is what it is.
The big fat suck job that even Monica would be embarrassed by.
But nice shirt, Hank.
No, I'm just curious why it takes so many people to do that show.
I mean, you would think that if you got a staff that big,
that it would be the show every day would be a barn burner.
Wouldn't you think so?
No, no, no.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm telling you, the Yamato, I mean, here's me and George, okay?
That's it.
And JP, okay, won't leave you out.
Even if you're not usually here, you're not in there doing it,
or what they're the show anyway.
And it's us.
And a phone.
And a very marginal studio about half the size, I would say,
of their operation in there at best.
George is like in a broom closet.
And I'm sitting in here like maybe a telephone booth.
And that's it.
Crapie old equipment, cart deck that like a fan, by the way,
that yesterday it was the highlight of the show, I understand, was the fan.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, I may turn it off and crank it up again.
I'll do that after the break.
Crank it up again just to get you some sexual excitement from the sound of our fan.
You've heard of the fan in New York.
We got the fan in Miami.
The floor fan.
To blow a little air in here, okay?
So I'll get into the whole thing about Joe and Bluff.
And I'm not making this up.
I made your brawl in the hall here at QA in this morning.
And guess what?
Granks out of town.
What a surprise, huh?
When a boss is away, the children will play.
Ten minutes after ten, it's five, 60 WQA.
And you want to play?
Tiss my rear end.
What happens when the most male levelin' force in the universe?
Somehow finds its way out of the cosmos and into an old opera house.
George Lucas, an association with another really rich guy,
Andrew Lloyd Webber presents.
And it comes with a better opera.
He was horribly injured and unfortunate e-walk explosion when he was young.
Now he wears a mask to hide his hideous features.
But he can't hide his hideous singing voice.
I must pull out my life shape and bar.
And the menace of the opera.
It's full of music you don't know.
Some by all new characters you never heard of.
My name's so humble, Lord,
and I'm the big ol' bah, it is the place where you're the map.
Whose guy won't care?
And some menace of the opera.
The stories thin, the characters are weak, and the music's repetitive.
But hey, come on, you star wars!
Ten, fifteen, at five, sixty WQM, we got the hang Goldberg out there
at Chulele studied to a clock.
Ed Kaplan will be on at six o'clock tonight, so the revised schedule says
and Duff came in here sixteen times to make sure I understand that.
But is Ed Kaplan? Is it Ed?
Does it make a difference?
No.
No.
And then we got, because we got the Marlins that Arizona, again,
that I'd later on.
I mean, if you're up that late, which you probably won't be,
and even if you would have listened to that.
Nice going sabers, by the way.
Ah!
Alright, we're going to get a lot of calls about that, right?
No.
No.
What a game.
What a game last night.
I'll get some highlights on here in a second.
Anyway, here's the most important part of the day so far
from Nick Sagar's nice big sack was brought in.
He'll suckle.
And it says, dear Neo, we deeply apologize to you
with regard to the Sagar cravings you suffered while on the year yesterday.
Well, see, I hate to break the news to you guys,
but I always suffer the Sagar cravings while I'm on the year.
Because this is a non-smoking building.
And we have a bunch of prissy bullcrap,
a goody-two shoes running around Mr.
Oh, it's a non-smoking building.
Please, we don't want to offend Greg.
Well, guess what?
Greg's out of town, okay?
Greg's in Philadelphia.
Good place for him.
I don't want to get Greg up, so because it's a non-smoking building.
And maybe David Cohen will come into building
and get that wrinkled up look on this face again like,
oh, gee, something smells real bad.
Well, look, go look in the mirror, David.
Maybe you'll find out what it is that smells so bad, okay, sweetheart?
God.
No, seriously, you would have thought that I was building a bonfire,
or that you would have thought that Godzilla just came into the building
and took a big dump right outside the control room door out there.
The look on his face.
Oh, geez, what's that?
What's that?
It's a gar smoke, dummy.
And it's then good to gar smoke, too, from a Prudomo Reserve X.
One of the best regards known to man, you jackass.
Give me a look like that.
See, I told you yesterday, because I'm very quick to pick up on these things,
that they've been around a block 40 or 50 million times.
See, an IOD, the model used to be, if it isn't broken, fix it.
That used to be our model.
So they dick around with stuff that we were doing just great.
They dick around and dick around and morning show or neary this.
Whatever it was.
If it's not broken, fix it.
Screw around with it.
And they did.
To the point where now it's like, you know what it's like.
But here our model is, a QAM, we can't stand prosperity.
We just came off the greatest rating book in the history of this radio station,
the modern day of history of the station.
Everything's going along just great.
Even I have adopted.
Even I have adopted the Geldy attitude, which is, I don't give a sh** anymore.
I mean, what do we care?
There were one in 50 spots an hour, a hundred.
What difference does it make?
Howard won 7000 spots an hour.
He's doing pretty good.
You were still running 50 million spots an hour in the morning and a winter book, and he did pretty good.
But then we get to Todd Dreck episode here yesterday with Luan and Todd Dreck and all this other hysteria,
which set me off into a frenzy, which by the way, I only apologize for the fact I didn't do at least another hour on that asshole.
That's the only thing I apologize for.
Is that I should have done it at least, and believe me, it would have beat most of the calls we had on this show here yesterday as usual.
Well, and somebody faxes me a letter, a fax yesterday saying,
oh, well, you're forgetting last summer you were on TV at this time.
And as if somehow last summer we were doing great and had so many more and much better phone calls.
You know, the whole Lamy experience, setting aside the fact that what intrusion it was,
and what a crappy job they did putting it together in a piece of Dreck, they put on air every night,
forgetting about that, and you couldn't hear the audio and set it up and so on, forgetting all of that.
All I remember from that experience was begging for calls every day, the whole while that we were doing that show, every day.
Right?
Playing music, I mean, doing anything possible to fill up the four hours because it was dead as a door nail.
Although I will say this, I was in public last night, and there was a lady about 110 years old, very nice lady.
She's probably listening this morning because now she knows I'm on radio.
She says, oh my gosh, it's so nice to see you.
What happened? Aren't you on television anymore? And I said, no, I'm a face for radio, I'm just taking a radio.
Oh, you're on radio?
Do you know how many people, no, seriously, you're laughing in there. Do you have any idea you see you're broke laughing?
This is the truth, especially all those young punks we had listening who used to watch Wamy.
No adult with a brainwrelder watched it.
Oh, excuse me, man.
Well, I mean, she's, you know, she's old, she don't know any better.
In between squeezing the bags, she used to like flick it in the channels too.
So those people, they have the idea that there's a radio show that I do here.
So a lot of those people, I think, like I'm unemployed now because the Wamy show is off here.
Like I was making the big bucks on the Wamy show on the Make Believe TV station.
And between the months, there's an 85 episodes of mash.
And you don't, you don't understand that. See, that goes back to another thing about no promotion here.
But let me say it again.
I don't give a sh- I don't care if they ever promote us because they're not going to do it anyway.
Oh, by the way, so anyway, Nixon over some great cigars.
Thank you. I wasn't necessarily to send this long letter.
Oh, brother, it says if your listeners come into the store today and guess the correct employees are going to get whipped by Nick.
They'll get an extra 10% off the purchase.
Either Maritza, Miguel, Raul or Teresa.
Guess which one of these talented artists gets the whip and you get an extra 10% off on any purchase today at the factory outlet.
Well, Nick is a taskmaster. He whips them in the shape.
That's why they whip up those great cigars down there.
But anyway, getting back to our deal here, we can't stand prosperity.
Everything was going along great. We had the great ratings.
We got more spots than Carter's God, God damn liver pills.
Everybody's doing great.
Not only knows where the beesleaves are sticking the money. Maybe deep inside their rectum exactly.
But whatever.
And all of a sudden we got people professional craft the servers like Todd Dreck running around a hallway running in here running in a Ray Perry,
which I don't even remember what the L Ray Perry looks like.
By the way, you know something. If Ray Perry walked in here right now, I wouldn't recognize him.
That's how long it's been since we saw that son of a bitch.
Do you talk about a bull crap artist?
This is one of our 55 sales managers who is going to do this and going to do that.
And I mean, talk about empty verbiage. Did he ever do any of it?
No, we ever see him.
He's not a bad guy, but he's useless. He's like most of the people we got around here.
People with titles who are impotent.
We have a lot of very important people in this joint.
We need QAnne needs a big dose of Viagra.
We need a big, gigantic pill dropped into this building.
And everybody can suck on it for a while in the pill too.
I'm serious. I mean, we have more people with titles.
And of course, that goes back to one guy and that's Greg Reed who's out of town and fill it up here.
So we can really remember and ask. And then his family will tell him why I said when he comes back.
See, I want to say one thing to Joe Rose before I tell the audience that whole story this morning is an intemperate thing.
And I'm not one of those people that's going to jump on the bad wagon because I like this one.
See, I don't dislike that many people in this building except the ones who already know I don't talk to.
Like the lot or not.
And of course, our sales manager within here again this morning bothering me.
You stay out of here too, screw in.
Okay. Go see your buddy.
Roll.
You stay down here. Maybe you can get on that search party for that big gigantic black dildo.
Now, but she knows where it is.
Oh, yeah.
She's probably storing it for him.
We're going to have like squirrel store nuts for a winner.
So like you got the water Nazi and her and Todd Dreck.
Who did I leave out?
I mean, I would even talk to Igor back there, but he don't speak to me.
Chris, whatever is there? What is the name Chris Rock? What is that guy's name?
Chris, uh, Bonadonna.
Radhouse.
Radhouse.
What kind of a name is that? Radhouse?
Is it, is he related to Chris Cathouse?
Well, what kind of a name is that? Radhouse.
I'm sure he might be an okay guy, but he's like, yeah, like Igor, you know, he don't speak to me.
So I would be happy to speak to him.
In fact, I remember one morning I did pass him an office.
Hey, I ain't looking like that, you know.
And I thought, okay, okay, stay away, stay away.
But other than that, I like most of the people.
Here we got a pretty good group. I mean, like the 45 people working on Hank Show in the afternoon.
They're all a good bunch of kids.
Oh, yesterday I looked in there as two guys sitting in a control room.
I never said to one of me for my life.
And they gave me a look like, you know, like again, like I just dropped the load on the floor.
They're looking me like, how are you?
Yeah, like that.
Like what do you stand in there looking in here for?
Mr. and believe me, it wasn't to look at you guys either.
Trust me when I tell you that.
Oh, my vision's better than that.
But Joe, I just want to tell you the way it is.
Okay, anybody can go around picking on the underlings.
Okay, that's easy, easy pickings.
And our program director, he happens to be a good guy.
I never stole a freight train. He's highly overpaid.
But I don't be grugging what's wrong with that.
I mean, you know, to pay a guy that kind of money to make up the schedule, that's a lot of money.
But he's a good guy. We really like him.
No, I can't say we. I like him. He's a good guy.
Don't you agree? George agrees?
And JP just stays the hell away.
But nevertheless.
No, he is a good guy.
And I know for a fact that he would like to be able to do a lot more than, but his hands are tied.
He is limited in his powers because, like I said, that's the kind of organization, Greg, I told you that a year and a half ago,
and I started here.
He has set up an organization where he's got his three or four hair, a fair, herred people.
And they do whatever they want. They terrorize the whole place.
The Water Nazi, screw-an, Sam the Shamble of the Air, who's pretending to do a job in his temporary office for the next 10 years.
And his temporary office.
Yeah, you should live so long.
And then the people have the titles like Poor Ray Perry, who's a nice guy, but he's a sales manager.
He's like a, what did Robert DuVal say in network?
He said, a network executive without a kingdom or something like that.
What do you say? I'm an executive without a network.
And that's what these people are.
They're people with titles with no authority, with no power.
They can't make anything happen here.
Stuff can make the schedules out.
And believe me, that takes him over the assistance of clearance.
That takes him like morning, noon, and night.
And they finally put him in here, and then they decide, maybe it's right, and maybe it's not.
But who cares?
And like I told him today, when he brought this thing in, he knew about Eddie Kaplan on six o'clock.
And I said, who cares? What difference is it going to make?
Because after six o'clock, the radius are all off.
Anyways, are anybody listening after six?
No.
I don't want to burst Eddie's bubble.
There's nobody listening after six o'clock, except a few degenerate gamblers.
That's all we got.
Hey, what do you think?
What do you think? What do you think on an advanced game tonight with RPI?
I'm going to talk on an advanced game.
And that's the name of that attuned.
Oh yeah, we got a lot of good stuff going on here.
So anyway, I'll get back to the Joe Rose Dufflin's, he'll fight them in a minute.
Oh, we've got to give a little bit of a build up here, just like yesterday I killed 40 minutes.
I'm no fool.
I'm no idiot.
I understand when you know I'm being head.
Where it's the middle of July 16th for crying out loud.
I don't know what the dead June, whatever it is.
Close.
Good June, July, August. We're dying over here.
Why not? Why don't you people? I don't understand these morning guys.
They attacked me this morning.
Look, oh, you've got to go to bed for us.
Go to bed for yourselves.
I've been going to bed for you on that format for months now, for a hell of a long time,
since we were downstairs months ago.
But now that we finally adopted the guilty attitude of, I don't give a sh-
What are you bitching about in there?
What are you busting the balls of our program director?
He had a bad guy. He's useless, but he's not a bad guy.
I'd rather have a guy who's useless and is a good guy and got his heart in the right hand.
If you're in a bad place, then somebody who gets alive has stopped on,
and is a devious son of a bitch, not to mention any names like Boah Gary.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
I think you do.
1026 at 560 WQM, Laura.
I have just tasted your snapper.
Get up, get up.
Tell me that you love my eyes.
Yes.
I know that you keep on checking up my eyes.
Yes.
I'm playing you cause I'm very cute.
Check out my breath, I'm poking up my foot, I'm steady with you.
You come onto me, I miss the things in my ears.
And I sound so, uh, I know that if you wanna get me,
you know the things about me, I don't think you know.
I'm a bitch.
I'm a bitch.
You shouldn't get a name.
Cause you could go to jail if you leave with me.
Yes, I'll be.
You and I're friends with me.
She was 25 but she's just a thief.
No, fake thief, I've been my last stop please.
Daddy called the cops last night.
I've been far perfect to see, because I'll have to go back.
No, I'm not gonna switch my name.
My bus is a big run-around of my show.
She was a dream, she was a dream.
You're 25, you should be 10 or 10.
Yeah, the memory, those 10 meters inside of mine.
What a sign, she's looking like, five.
I'm seeing you, it's just these five or she's just a thief.
That 33 of five, 60 of WQM,
so my close personal friend Sean from Northwestern,
who called on the show yesterday and apologizes for the length
and the psychosis of his call.
But nevertheless compared to most of the calls yesterday,
not too bad Sean.
But anyway, called me at home last night.
He's on the Dean's Listed Northwestern.
He's got his grades and he's watched that video 600 times
and still can't find the part where the girl is picking the thing
out of her crotch for shorts.
How can you miss that?
How can you possibly miss that?
Although I guess if you do keep saying,
oh I didn't see it, let's watch the video again.
It's just excuse to keep watching it over and over and over again
until you get like, scored, scored, just right.
So why don't we get back to, am I ever going to get this story on or not?
No.
I do so good at this.
I can milk something for even else you can see the board and cow
never got milk like this story.
So Joe Rose, we're sitting here 915, mining your own business,
and all of a sudden somebody opens up the door.
Oh you're muddled, you know, I'm just screaming and yelling
and f***ing in a hallway, you know.
Which is not unusual for here, but nevertheless it's unusual.
One of the parties is Joe Rose, the other one is Duff Lindsay.
That's not a screaming and yelling and shrieking.
Go home, you're out of here.
F you, all this other good stuff.
Just go home.
And like I said before, in this particular case,
and I sit here, I analyze it, I listen to both sides of the story,
and then let me just say this to you guys in the morning.
If you're smart, there's only one guy in that,
and far be it for me, six months ago, I never would have said this.
There's only one guy in there who's smart, and that's guilty.
I'm telling you, I mean is it B-Fo?
No.
That's a joke, you know, B-Fo, he was smart, he wouldn't be, you know,
force feeding.
And Joe, I thought Joe might be smart, but hiding it very well,
covering it up, you know, real well with a gigantic head of his.
I thought he's been covering up, and he's not covering up, is he?
No.
No.
Because if you want a bitch in scream and horror about those breaks,
which I've been going to bat for a month and months about that horrible format,
in fact, I even congratulated him on what a miracle it is they get any ratings
with a horrible format like that, is it to program directives for them?
No.
No.
It's management's fault, and a program director on this radio station,
like I said before, is an important guy.
He has nothing to say about it.
The sales department, which I've told you since the day I sat down here,
they run this joint.
Because number one, one of the sales managers,
she's got a lot of naked pictures of Greg, I guess,
back when he was blind, it looked like his kids, or whatever, you know,
in a room closet somewhere, she's got him locked up.
So he calls the shots on that.
And number two, because the B's, of course, they want to crank as much money out of this joint
as they can out of all the stations.
They don't care if we ran, and I told the screw-in this last year,
when we had our big blow-up, and of course, since then she only like whispers,
and comes in very frequently, infrequently, thank God.
I told her, I said, if I would let you run 40 minutes an hour, you do it.
If it wasn't in my contract, and we didn't have a written understanding on limited spots on this show,
you'd run 55 minutes an hour.
Well, I am maybe.
Of course, the sales department doesn't care about the format,
and all they care about is for is the ratings are concerned,
is that they're still good enough so that we can sell,
because there's no competition on AM anyway,
especially for the target audience, and we got out there,
the lifeless sportsjocks, the lifeless sports nerds.
Oh, thank you. Look beautiful. I want you, Hank.
Come on, pal. Give me a break, okay?
Give me a break.
So, you know, it's very easy to run around play now,
that I would check the content of the show for it.
Before I start blaming anybody for the long commercial breaks,
I'd start listening to the content.
Maybe take some tapes of the show home, Joe,
and start listening to that content.
Hey, yeah, you take it.
And then believe me, I'm not saying that we gave any good calls on the show.
Last good call we had in the show was about seven years ago, and IOD.
I mean, we don't get good calls, but who cares?
We don't care. Don't you understand?
Like I said, the only guy in there who's got any brains is Gildi.
And I'm pushing him, by the way, for the voice of the Panthers,
because he's not a bad...
See, I was wrong about him.
And I'm one of those people. I'm not a hard-ass.
If I'm wrong about people, I'll be the first one to say it.
He's not a bad guy.
In spite of what George used to tell me.
No, no, no, no, no.
I don't even remember what you ever said about him.
Other than he had a torpy voice, which he said.
I know he was a good guy. He is a good guy.
He is. Gildi is a good guy.
And I judged him strictly, but first of all,
he did suck a lot of Panther-ass.
There's no question about that, because he works for that organization.
And it's, you know, and that doesn't...
I've never excluded anybody from being a friend of mine
just because they suck Panther-ass.
You know what I mean?
I mean, even if they didn't play too good the night before.
They stopped.
There are some guys that suck Panther-ass, because it goes with their job.
They're on a payroll over there.
And if Wayne's gonna pay you, you better suck a lot of ass.
They stopped.
Yeah, you better not say that again, Mr.
So Gildi is the one guy in that show.
He's got the right attitude, the right philosophy,
these other guys.
Oh, you gotta go to Bad for Us.
I don't understand that.
Am I likely designated as a switch hitter?
Is that what it is?
I don't switch hit.
I'm a perfect six on the Richter scale, okay?
We got some guys that are a perfect one.
I'm a perfect six.
I don't mess around with fish.
Okay, guys, get it right.
God.
Go to Bad for Us.
You say...
I mean, pussy.
That's the only word that comes to mind when I think of those two guys in there.
Be full and a little dog.
Pussy.
And Joe's on there.
And we're ripping them.
Why do you guys have to come to me to do your dirty work, okay?
And why do you go to the poor program director who you know has no authority to take any spots off the air
or change the format in any significant way unless he wants to get his ass canned out of here?
What do you go to him and start a big son?
And why not go to Greg when he comes back in town?
It's easy to do this on a great day when Greg in here, by the way, in Philadelphia, or go to Scroan.
There's a Chigra in a wood pile.
It's Scroan.
She's the one that's dumping spots in there, not if they're coming out of her.
Correct them.
In fact, they were coming out of there before she borrowed that thing from our buddy.
Roy.
I guess she plugged up that problem.
21 before 11 at 560 WQM.
What was that?
What was that?
Is that like a new hurricane?
Well, how come nobody bothered to tell me about it?
I'm sitting here like with my pants down.
What?
It's more fun this way.
Okay, I don't really care.
See, I mean, don't get me wrong.
I don't want the audience to get the feeling I'm off of my...
I don't care.
By the way, they got this latest pull.
I mean, it wasn't bad enough.
We did the most important person in the century.
That was good.
Wait till whatever day we decided to kill with Hollywood's brightest star is this thing they did.
About the 50 greatest screen legends, male and female.
Oh, brother.
What kind of drugs were they on when they did that?
So, anywhere I was about to say...
So, Roy, I come in and work there talking about Phil Jackson.
I don't give a flat crap if they're playing Phil Jackson.
$75 million for that snowball crap.
Okay, one of the most exciting games would start to kind of comb the toe step of the first school.
But nevertheless, turned into a great game last night.
Are they talking about that?
No.
No.
And by the way, if they hired Jigs MacDonald, they'll do the Panther games.
I'm walking out.
I don't want to start threatening anybody.
In fact, I'm trying to figure out in my mind which would offend me worst.
I'm hiring Todd Dreck.
I mean, if he walked in here again, or hiring Jigs MacDonald.
I mean, Jigs is a good guy.
I like Jigs personally and it's said of him and so on.
But he is boring.
He's coming to the...
Here's the elder, your young guy in the organization.
Give him a chance.
He did a great job for Lynn for Christina Moore.
A thousand times better than Christina, by the way, for everything I heard.
And, you know, give him a chance.
Give some of these people a shot at it, okay?
Bring back an old hack that's been fired 75,000 times.
What are you people thinking about over there in the Panther organization?
Jigs Freaking MacDonald.
They got run out of Toronto on a rail after one year there.
They said, we want your bow and back.
Get that man out of here now.
And they said, okay, calm down.
Man, they said we'll take Foster and Bill.
You at back even doing the game from their box will take that.
It's that a Jigs MacDonald.
But that's the way things are done in this town, okay?
But let me say it again for Joe Rose, okay?
Because I'm sure that Joe thought I would come down on his side.
And I'm not going to do that because you're wrong.
You're absolutely positively wrong.
And we'll find out from this audience.
Now, I hear through the grapevine that maybe there might be some people out there.
A little bit put off by those long 20 and 30 and 40 minute breaks that they got in the morning.
What difference does it make?
Are we here to get ratings?
No.
Are we here to make money for the company?
Yeah.
Make money for ourselves.
So stop the insu-up tight and stop braw beating little guys who have no power.
Who'd like to make things better, who'd like to change things, but you know, can't.
What's the point?
It's like guys that run around screaming at the board office in the interns.
I don't want to mention no names, you know what I'm saying?
What's the point of braw beating the underweight?
That didn't take any talent.
I mean, when you call up Greg Green in his office, you say, how come my goddamn check wasn't here today, mister?
Like I did last Friday.
And so this is a bunch of crap.
That okay, it takes a little bit of balls, which evidently the morning guys don't have, because they got to come to me.
Oh, you got to go to bat for us.
Have I ever asked anybody go to bat for me and go on the year in the screaming shot on my behalf?
No.
No. I want a screaming shot.
I'll do it on my own behalf.
I don't go to other people asking them to go to bat for me.
What kind of a bunch of pushies do a thing like that?
And then turn around and get into a bit of screaming match and nearly a fist fight in the hallway with a program director.
Who even though he hangs out at the gym a lot, I don't think he's going to take on the little dog.
Huh?
Well, you don't bulk up too much in the showers, but nevertheless.
I mean, what kind of crap was that, Joe?
You were absolutely positively wrong.
You and B-fo, wrong.
And before you do that again, think two or three times.
I mean, it got to the point where Lindsay is saying, you're out of here.
Go home. Just go home.
Go home.
Like this was like a kindergarten or something.
You're out of line, Johnny.
Let leave the class.
Go home.
Oh, by the way, do you hear that story two days ago, which I can't find anywhere in the newspapers about that dark,
complicated kid at North Miami High?
10th grade, I think.
Smash the teacher in the mouth several times.
Well, the teacher said, you know, sit down and be quiet.
And then he said, well, sit down and shut up.
And one of the kid's friends, also dark, complicated from the school, said, well, you know, the kid did start to fight, but the teacher was wrong.
He shouldn't have told him to shut up.
First, he told him to sit down and be quiet.
And then he wouldn't do it. He said, sit down and shut up.
And he still wouldn't do it. He says, stop making an ass out of yourself.
And his friends said, oh, he shouldn't have talked to him like that.
He should have said, Mr. Johnson, would you please sit down?
Pretty, pretty, please.
You know, can you believe that?
And so this kid calls off and smashes him in the head for your four times.
There you go. And you wonder what's wrong with your kids?
What's wrong with America?
What's wrong with this whole setup here?
Is there something wrong with this picture?
Yeah. But your sweet answer is.
So if you think there's something wrong with that morning show, let's find out.
Is it the format or is it the content?
Is it those awful goddamn calls?
Is those New York people on there? Is it those mixes that what's that guy's name? That Jet Sky?
Oh my God, that one, that chronic, chronic Billy the Jet fan, that's the guy.
I'd rather hear that old John from Key West gun.
I'd rather croak before I ever heard him again.
Maybe, maybe you might start examining the content there that you let a bunch of people.
It's a tune out. It's a tune out.
I got my CD smoking there in a car in the morning.
Smoking, smoldering.
There's fire in my CD player there in the morning. It's cranked up so loud.
In addition to which, like I said before, who gives a rat's ass? What difference does it make?
Are we now on some kind of a mission to make each other miserable in this joint?
Just when everything was going so great.
Just when even that hard ass near Rogers finally adopted the attitude thanks to my new mentor Steve Goldstein.
I said, I don't give a sh**.
And all of a sudden we were happy. Everybody's having a good time.
We're faking our way through real good. The checks are showing up maybe only a day late, which ain't too bad for them.
Just when everything's going along, we'll go and all of a sudden everybody was getting it.
And I said to Dufflin, he came in here a little while after this whole thing.
I said, we just said we had the best book in the history of the station and we had a trend that came out when Arbertron couldn't find our audience the whole day.
Not just one show, not just the morning show, but the whole day. Arberton. And then it happens.
That's the sugar in the wood pile with their surveying methods.
Every now and then some station gets a big kiss and they get loved.
Lucky bunch of diaries and other stations they can't find our audience.
It's a miracle it doesn't happen more often, especially on this station.
I mean, how can they find those sports in their it's month after month?
And so we had one bad month, like I said, what's going to happen if we ever have a really bad book?
You talk about people at each other's throats doing Cuban bullets at each other.
Take a chill, Joe, okay?
Take a chill and re-analyze your position in life and stop picking on people who can't solve your problem.
If you're bent out of shape about the nine minute, then go on a year and scream and holler about it like I do and sometimes with some success and change some things.
And don't expect me to do it for you. Me to do your dirty work. I got my own I got tied direct to deal with I don't have time with your bull crap to worry about with your nine minute long breaks.
And believe me, compared to some of the calls you got, the breaks are pretty entertaining.
Although maybe you guys the morning would like to give up all those lives spots you're doing.
And all the income that comes from it, don't you guys understand we're here for the spots?
We're not here to entertain anybody. We're not here to put on a great show. We're here to make money.
And I'm the only one honest enough to tell the audience, hey, screw all of that other bull crap. That's just that that's window dressing.
We're here to make money. It's a living must eleven as they say in Chinese. Okay. That's the way it works.
So you want to kiss the ground, Joe, with that big gigantic head of yours if you can get your lips close enough to the ground.
You're going to kiss the ground. You're making a big buck. So I mean, you're a good guy, but nevertheless way out of line this morning.
And I think the head is swelling. I'm beginning to understand what it really is. It's not just my thing that my imagination. The head is swelling literally.
His head is becoming too big for his goddamn bridges. What's happening? A little dog out of control. And he's not only bitching him out, but in between I go into control room to see what this is all about.
What's going on? And during their twenty five minute commercial break, he's bitching. Gelly and beef all out.
You're the two biggest bunch of pussy I ever worked with.
Out of control, Joe. You're wrong.
You lose. When we start respecting you is when we see you put on a show like that with screw and or with Greg Reed or somebody's got some authority around here.
Or maybe with Roy. Yeah. By the way, I want you guys and all the other shows on this station to go to bat for me and see if you can't get right to bring our big black deal low back.
Yeah, let's see. I haven't had any success. Maybe some of you guys can go to work on it. Okay. And get my big, big black deal low back.
Then I think I have a real good idea where a tiny. But I don't want to give too many specific instructions on where to look for it. Okay.
God. What kind of people have we got running? Oh, I'm speaking to what kind of people. This is perfect for this town. You know what I'm saying? After I told my roots.
Chris story yesterday as much as I love the food and about how they kind of like on Monday night. After spending all that money in there two out of three nights kind of like gave us the I don't want to say cold shoulder but like to you, you know.
Maybe a free glass of water we might give you, but that's about it. So I'm driving home yesterday from work. Now there's a mailman. You've heard me talk about him. I know him longer than I know you George Rick. He was the mailman in my neighborhood for used to be my mailman out there in the acres. And then of course so they changed his route a little bit. But he's still a mailman out in that general area.
Now every day when I'm coming home because he's in that area, he wouldn't early. He does good job for his people around his route. And every day if I see him, I for years now I waved to him. He was back once a couple of times we stopped and chatted with each other. He's a pretty good guy. Although he's the same guy by the way that while he was still delivering my mail came to the door that day with a package and said, we were getting ready to turn it off. It was getting pretty bad. We were getting. We were getting ready. And I just had envisioned in my mind the picture of him with his hand on the knob.
And then he was ready to go to the radio to we were getting ready. In other words, our hand is placed on the dial and the show was getting so bad and the cars were getting so obnoxious. We were ready to turn it off. That was a few years ago. He's still ain't turned off. I'm sure he's listening right now.
So yesterday I'm driving home and he's like at the corner of one of the side streets. You know off the one 18 and I'm coming up the road and he is at the point where he's sitting there and he's looking in my direction. He knows both of my cars. He knows me.
And it's like that point where you're almost close enough where you're about to like wave high and not hit. He turns and looks the other way.
So I thought to myself, maybe he didn't see me. Even though I know he did see me up again. Maybe he didn't see me.
Or maybe I said something. What did I say to offend you Rick? Maybe like so Jay. I don't know.
So then I go to publics. I'm coming home from publics. I come up the street. Now he's coming out of another street.
And he looks at me like kind of like a Igor. You know like that. Okay. Okay. Whatever I did. I'm awfully sorry. Not.
Man. And that's the software that I've been waiting. Maybe that's the kind of a friend you have down here. You make your friend someplace else. You have a friend for life.
You make your friend down here. You have a friend for like five minutes. If you're lucky.
Thickle, hostile, hateful, nasty. What did I do lately for you? Just like that thing would show in the terrorizing the poor PD.
I mean, what's wrong with this man? Why would anybody do this to this man?
Does this guy go around brow beating people screaming at people? I mean, he says this mellow is a carpet.
Is a is an area rug. And we got this guy with a big head running around there. Your mother.
Like I said, some of those commercials are a lot more entertaining than you talk about any other New York TV.
And he wouldn't think of it. Yeah.
You catch my drift. I'd rather hear the Lenny Martez doing spots than some of the content on a show.
Not that I want to pick on beef. Three minutes before 11 at 560 WQM here.
Don't you see me? I have a sports bar.
Look at all the red dick girls cut off certain air in girls going to the bar to get free.
Oh, getting beat by red neck's lives like what do you see each night on cops?
They're what put the c***** in country. Yeah.
Look at all the red neck's lives. People lunch at Peter Hunt in their dreams I wonder Walmart shorts.
They smell like an old witch doctor. Bigger thrice off the lawn and promising the Lord to breathe the more.
Somebody tell me why. I'll try the heart cell. I can't open tomatoes who from hell.
It's full ring. That is not the bell that Jesus welcome answer brother plays the banjo in a tree.
They try to enter heritage and says it's as good as the best foundation of the Christian family.
Yes. Born again. They raise the Lord. And back in their savers went there for.
Oh, God. What would carry spring or two down those red neck?
It's a dream.
Thank you question because that's a new one. I mean this is the word is country.
It's a 1103 at five 60 and can we see it on the air? No.
Okay. Well, just examine that in your mind for a moment or two what the possibilities are there.
So anyway, let's find out from these experts out there who hate that morning show like a maybe they like the show.
Maybe they like the content. Maybe they don't like those nine minute breaks. Let's find out.
Okay. Let's find out who was right and who was wrong. And even if he was right, let me say it again.
Joe's got no business picking on a guy who was that would be like him going to a ego or any other room in production back there.
Oh, we're pissed off about the time. What else ego are going to do about it?
Is he going to the authority about it? No. But your sweet ass. He don't.
Is he going to mess with that log? No. No, he's not.
Anybody in this building messes with that log? He'll have to answer the water not see a medium of the not sooner.
Okay. And that's one person you don't want to be messing with into the lottery not see because you're finito, baby.
You'll be using her handicapped stick here only you'll need it for real. I'm like her five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And then we'll get into the important stuff. And by the way, I'm sure we're going to get a lot of calls about that great hockey game last night.
Are we? No. No. What a place. What a place. What a wasteland.
What a total wasteland a sports station in a place where they would know a hockey puck if you're stuck in your goddamn ass.
Pathetic. Here's a mobile in high a. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was calling about the hockey game last night. Really? Yeah. It was a great game. The best play though was by Ed Bell for when he made the double save on Miroslaw of Satan. Yeah, so he came around.
I like to use the English thing. I played great. Oh man. He was a little psychotic, but he played great. Yeah, but it was great. It definitely was a hockey goal. I mean, a goalie. Do it last night. Yeah, but how do you like that move?
Jeff Sanderson put on belt for the huh? He fake the E. Let this cup right. Hold it. By the way, you I'm sure you were watching Fox and up.
CBC. This is the first time in history that a guy was interviewed with his jock strap on Jeff Sanderson had taken off his suspenders. Seriously, and he's holding up his pants and like half of his jock, you know, and they've shown the camera angle, I think intentionally so that though everybody who's watching CBC.
CFC. And then they finally lifted it up. Piracy. He done Sherry and Sanderson from the shoulders up. And now they back off again. And then Sherry reaches over to shake his hand at the end of the
breath. Oh my God. He's got to take one hand off his pants. I want his pantaloonies. We're going to hit the ground, but they didn't. I mean, I never saw anything like it in my life. But what I moved that was by Jeff Sanderson, David.
I tell you about that kid. If that kid would show up and play with his ability every night, which he never has his whole career. But if he did, he'd be a superstar. He's unbelievable.
Listen, but what I'm enjoying is all the shots. The gold tenders are taking and that they're giving out. You see the punch to the back of the head that, uh, that was good.
Listen, you are correct about the morning show. Definitely too many commercials, but the worst show on your station is the Sony sports showdown.
Oh, I'm not ready for that. That that blows. I love the promo for that. Are you ready for this? But keep in mind that's a trade deal for people to make a lot of, you know, he's got to have 75 jobs to eat a living out, you know.
And she is getting to make and he is getting big, by the way. Okay. Thanks. Thank you to get to you know, when happy, all those meals before you got to have like 20, 30, 40 different jobs. He's got to do sunshine, the whammy show.
He's got to Saturday morning trade out show. That's it. His contract, which I'll be reading on your little bit later, by the way.
I have it in my briefcase still. Remember B.Fo's contract and we have a copy of it just was laying around there at I.O.D.
Not not. I mean, I have no problem with those guys, but don't when I walk into building the first. They're all standing the hallway and the first thing they start screaming at me was sexual harassment, sexual right now. What was that all about? Okay. I mean, I'm not on the verge of following these suit. I mean, I like this guy. He's going, you know, he is coming on me a little bit too much, but nevertheless.
And then they follow that up with, oh, you've got to go to bed for us. I'm not going to bed for anybody. I've gone to bed for you a million times and all I do is get ripped on that show anyway.
All I do is get rid, oh, that's a bag and hockey show and they all sit there like they got locked off every time they get one of those comments for one of their jocks nippers, one of their closet fags, sports, the colors.
Oh, yeah, we got a lot of nothing to say about that. Well, of course not. You're delighted to let some asshole color in rip me and ask. So why not, how should I go to bed for you guys?
And yes, the breaks are two goddamn long and I've said that for how could anybody listen through whoever heard on AM radio,
when I'm in a break, anybody hear that? Only the beesleaves. Only the measly beesleaves heard that because they want the goddamn money. That's why.
I'll tell you, I would respect him. If I see him with Greg reading the hallway in Joe Rose carrying on like that, then maybe I'd have some respect for him.
Instead of whole Gregory this and Gregory that sucking his ass every chance he gets.
See that don't take any talent, you know, especially when you're a big x football player, that's about six foot nine. It's got a head the size of Mars, you know.
You know, that didn't take any talent to suck. Regards, which I refuse to do until he brings in those pictures.
He's working on, he's supposed to be in Philadelphia, he's not there, he's in some goddamn photo lab right now. Work exactly enough for those pictures.
Oh yeah, they're really my kids, you believe me? No.
I was showing to her and by the way about some of the copy we got and she just turns around and walks out of here because she doesn't care.
We don't know who's accounted is, we haven't got a clue, the copy is five minutes long, it's a hundred years old, all of these things, okay.
She turns around and walks is out of here and then it didn't like that and that's it.
Now in the old days I get upset about that but guess what? I don't give a crap. I don't give a flying about it. How do you like that? I don't give a flying if you about it.
If nobody else cares and obviously the clients don't care, like the ones who used to get their spots stuck in the ball games till they started complaining too much when they put the Marlins games on early, even though they bought the new Roger show.
Oh, you didn't buy the new Roger show, you bought the time slides, didn't you? No.
Don't you want to be able to 40 people are listening to Marlin game? No. Come on, we got something to stick in there, make it look like we got spots.
What am I getting all worked up about for? What am I getting all psychotic about? I was entertaining. Was it one of the most entertaining things I've seen in a long time?
This is a really pretty boring place but a little bit of fireworks like I said. Thanks a lot, Joe. Good job, sweetheart.
Shake these bastards up a little bit and here's a bluff running up and down. I'm going to have a nervous breakdown. I told him just calm down. Relax, go back to it. I don't know what you're worried about. What are you getting so crazy about?
You're going to have a nervous breakdown over some dumb ex jock. That's milding off him about stuff that he can't do anything about. We all know that.
You got you got to take the girl the attitude baby. I don't give a sh** me more. There you go. Say it again. 10 past 11 and 5 60 WQ I am with you.
What are you talking about? They're counting.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Hey kids, are you tired of that neighborhood bully? He stole my lunch money. I shut up kid and tell him want to hold the mail next time.
Next time fight back, but he's bigger than me. No, no, no. Just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store. Pick up a pack of new sh** and candy bars.
Sh**. Yes, it's a new candy bar made entirely from recycled cow dung. Guaranteed to turn your stomach. So next time.
All right, kid, give me a lunch. No, no, please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over.
Okay, here you go. But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bar.
Hey, cool. Ah, this tastes like sh**.
So you want my lunch tomorrow too?
We get a hunch. You got a little lunch. When you take it by to that sh**, get far.
Okay, it's 11.50 to 5.60 WQM and let me just say this to you. Okay, little luck. For example, we had seven calls on the board here.
I hope you could before that break. Now there's only two because the other people are hang up. Do I care? Do I give a crap? No. I couldn't care less.
Couldn't give a ranch ass less. I mean, you got to have some of the curlers. Three you guys in there. What are you worried about the breaks? Okay.
Three you guys to be in there and make magic and make it interesting and to the lady in her sighting and conjure up something. Make a, you know, make a chopler out of dog crap. That's what you got to do.
And it's interesting to me that back during the winter book when the morning had a great number for some amazing reason and this radio station had the highest rating in the history of the modern. I'll say it again.
There were still one and I'm in a break. Then weren't they? What was the logic in that? I don't see any flood of people calling here saying, oh, we turn to show off because the commercial breaks are too long.
We may have people call and say, oh, we turn it off because it sucks. We might have some of those people calling in. Do you think we'll have someone always?
Maybe by the way, what happened in the overhead did it disappear? It's just boy. I took a turn for the worst.
But that's the way it goes. Like I've already killed an hour and 16 minutes here and haven't even begun to say anything yet. Haven't even gotten into that stupid poll of the actors and actresses.
We can kill five days with that and then we'll go back to the time magazine and the most influential asshole of the century.
Like I said before, I'm starting to get pissed off at Joe Rose because just when I thought we had the Todd Dreck problem saw yesterday, which we didn't need to get into the first place, if he would have left everybody to hell alone.
Contrary to popular rumor, I'd much rather be a happy camper. I'd like to be mellow, low-key, I like things going well. Even if, you know, nothing's going to change here.
As long as Greg Read and the beastlies on this place is anything ever going to change. No, you have to be a rocket scientist to know that.
There are a bunch of cheap, but no, nothing, assholes. That's all. And Greg, you know, I could say that bad of a guy, but knows nothing about this business.
And I'd be the first one to tell you that. Nothing. Zero.
We got all these sports franchises here and it's like they're like an albatross. Even one of the sales monsters was out there in the hallway when I said that to our program director and agreed with me.
It's like an albatross about our next half the goddamn money that comes in us. You want to go to Wayne Henry and Wayne Hypnge.
Or John Henry or Wayne Henry, whoever the Trevor Henry, whoever he is.
So we got to make a fortune. We got to get all these spots on just so we can pay Baldy. Okay. Now if he was screaming about that, then I might understand it.
But of course, Baldy just signed his buddy Danny Boyd in two more years. I think Dan Reno should play until he's 60. What do you think?
Uh-huh. Yeah. Let's sign Danny to a 20-year-long term deal for 150 million. What do you think? Huh? Yeah.
He can play forever.
And now we can scream and holler about that forever. Okay. I wouldn't be surprised if Danny and Joe used to like shower. We were close together.
And he was on the team together that first year. I wouldn't even be surprised if they were showering installs right next to each other.
And I'm not talking about after the game.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah. Hey, no, hey, don't. Okay, sir. Um, I don't get a chance call to off. But I was listening to anybody else does either.
We're doing it. It's the summertime. And we're doing better than last summer. Last summer this time I was playing music to feel we had no call.
Anyways, I was listening a couple days ago. And you're mentioning about the hot games and nobody was calling.
And I was kind of stumped because I'm going to tell you truth, be honest with you. That this is probably someone the best hockey finals I've ever seen in my life.
You have four years of great time.
Four years in a row. We had sweeps. Okay. We had New Jersey swept. We had Colorado swept the Panthers before that.
And then Detroit swept two years away. So four years in a row. We had coma inducing series forced rate. No, it's not.
And now we got two to two. We've had some real tough games in it. We had great goal pending. And it's getting great.
I'll tell you the hockey. I'm telling you, it's probably one of the best finals I've seen. It's been fantastic. I can't believe nobody called it.
No, they don't know. They don't care. They don't. And then we got this Panther factor. We had the one day at both papers.
Michael J. Neill and that Michael, Michael Russo and David, J. Neill, we decided to write a piece about the Panthers Panther factor.
And that was it. You would think that everybody in town would be talking about that. Here's Stu Barnes, you're right.
You're right. You're really good.
All of our friends are screwing out a stupid penalty there last night because he keeps losing his cool like you did the last two years. That's right.
You're screwy, you're screwy. You suck. Let me ask questions. We think of Barry Marrow's.
You need to hear cut. No, I mean, you think you got it. You know what? You think of the one that's hard?
Yeah, he's okay. I mean, I don't think that much. I don't think is that great.
But it's all relative compared to those little figure skaters like Craig Red Millen and those other little torpy guys they got on there.
He's not that bad. Compared to Terry Christ, who not only has a bad haircut, but the worst, the worst aimless in the history of mankind.
Fox, Fox admitted to the world that they were dumping out a hockey and they were losing it after this year when they started putting Terry Christ and that stupid brought on there together and that's in between two years.
You're right. Terry Christ, he's an imbecile.
I gotta go. Okay, see you. Okay, listen, sorry to take up so much of your time.
5, 6, 7, we got several open lines on the board. Like I said, I mean, you know, I'm used to this. I've been around the block a few times. Okay.
Is it the spots that kill a morning show or is it those calls?
And yeah, we get a lot of food cakes on the show, but that's supposed to be a part of this show. But the sport.
In fact, I was talking to somebody yesterday. I wanted to mention my good friend Sean.
He was telling me about the sports talk radio up in Chicago.
And he says it's like day and night. He says the calls they get there are a from people and what they're talking about and be there interesting.
When the last time he had one of those calls here, 18. What was he here?
Huh? I think Woodrow Wilson was the president just like just before World War One broke out.
Was the last time we had a great sports call on this radio station. Oh, thank you. Look beautiful. I want to grab you.
I will squeeze your neck on my wife wants you to.
I wanted to pull off the side of the road in vomit. You know, I've heard I've heard some suction in my life.
And believe me, I don't think her to about suction, but that was just unbelievable.
And you know, and Hank looks a lot better than he did. Like I said before, he was the schmoo.
But nevertheless, does he look beautiful? No, no. Do I look beautiful? No.
I lost 35 pounds, which I, you know, I wouldn't, would I look great? No. No.
Fat old Jews. That's all that's what we are. So why do you have to ingratiate? Why do you have to suck so much?
And that's I remember talking about this a year and a half ago.
After listening to these sports calls on this station, suck, suck, suck, suck, suck, suck, suck, suck, suck.
And just like when Brian Murray came on, there were that contrived thing on Tuesday mornings. And all, yeah, they didn't need Christine anymore to run the interference on there.
Because most of the callers were suck holes anyway. Oh, whatever you say, Brian, whatever you say, you know, just sucking and sucking and sucking and looking around the edges doing a rim job right there on a goddamn coaching show.
Well, did he say rim job? Uh-huh. Sorry. Don't want to get George upset. I don't understand you. I really don't. You're just a hard ass little speck.
In fact, rumor asked me that yesterday. So what is wrong with him? What is he? I said because he's a hard ass little speck. He's okay.
And that's just the way it is. That doesn't make him a bad guy. He just a hard ass stubborn little speck just setting his ways and nothing is going to change him.
It's like trying to move a goddamn mountain range. You ain't going to do it.
This is the way it is. And that's it. Period. So remember you were an asshole. Okay. I didn't say that. George said it.
Pharaoh, you're not so bad, but you got problems too. I don't know what they are yet, but I'm sure you'll find some.
5.670560, pond 560s would continue exploring what's wrong with that goddamn morning show.
You know, it's interesting before the last trend came out, there was nothing wrong with the show, according to everybody else. Kick an ass.
And like I said, if you're that insecure, big blockhead, if you're that insecure, that one crappy trend, and you're going to start screaming and jump, I'm going to jump and putting out a performance like this morning, like Rumpel still is going to need.
Then what's going to happen when you're going to really crappy book, which will happen to all of us, especially in this place with all the great promotion we're never going to get. And we know we're not going to get it.
So just get used to it. Get with the program. Start listening to Gellie. Okay. Like I said, he's the only one of that trio that has any clue what's all about.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Yeah, speaking first of all for the morning show, the best thing about it is it's not Howard. Yeah.
Second of all, that spot that you were running.
I'm going to start bringing some lesbians on next week though I hear. That's going to be the new deal.
Well, it's a golf season.
In fact, I think Joe is being replaced by two bull bikes.
Secondly, that that log on to WQAM that you were doing the nose over. Yes.
That Moodymton on that is actually a fact machine and not a computer to see now.
Great. Third as far as that list of the 150 greatest male and female stars. Yes, sir.
But here for you, we have Markson as brothers.
They're number 20.
But they're there. Yeah.
I have that material.
How come Peter Finch is not that list?
Who?
Peter. Okay.
See, there you go.
Peter Finch for Christ's face. Don't you? What do you know about life?
I'm not out of health. I'm not going to take that anymore.
Who?
So anyway, getting back to the person of the century, Spike Lee.
I mean, don't you just want to get up and walk out in the yard and sit on the ground and look up at the sky for a few hours when somebody says something like that, like that woman.
Yeah. And I could understand if it was like a droor, you know, something they called and preceded the comment by saying something like,
no, not that. Why does that keep doing that? That's two days in a row. Like, eh.
That.
This thing is rebelling now. It's got a guy in mind of its own.
That thing don't have two TTs in front of it. Huh?
Oh, you can't say TT on the year only on that is your show. Well, TT, you okay?
Spike Lee. And she was serious.
You know something sweet. I take it back. What I said, stay up there in four Pearson, Viral. You'll fit it like a glove.
Only don't mention Spike Lee to a lot up there.
Stick with Steven Spielberg. Most of them look like ET.
In fact, that's who Chris Bonadonna looks like. What if that guy's name is right house cat house. Chris cat house.
He looks like, yeah, ET on a bad day.
See, now he's never going to speak to me.
And like I told you, you know, he really looks like are you? Yeah.
Now don't get me wrong. Okay. Feel is I have no bigger fan in the world. I feel hungry than me. But feel see, I used to like working for Phil because number one, he was a great talent. And number two, he made me look good.
His fill is want to be.
Oh, he's a pretty ugly guy. Are you sure positive? We just took a vote here. Ugly.
I'm beautiful compared to you and I'm grotesque. Okay.
Yeah, he looks a lot like Phil, but without the talent. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe we'll hear from Rick the mailman. You think so? No, he talked to me anymore. See, I'll tell you one place. The only one place left is Publix.
I go into public. I'm a superstar. They love me in public. I went in last night to get like three or four items and they're like surrounding me.
You would have thought that Ricky Martin just walked in.
And I said, can't it's much much when they said, oh, definitely. Yeah, no contest there.
As I satiate out of that joint. 11 26 at 5 60 W Q.M. And let me tell you about it. So what are we doing for lunch, by the way?
Do we get a hold of a poem? We got a hold of ponytail. Good. He must have only had a spot running. They any better get over here.
And don't listen anymore. His perverted stories either. Okay.
We're putting cotton in your ears. You're too young to be here and all that disgusting filthy stuff from our good friend Jeff Cohen at the pizza lot where the food is delicious and fresh.
And the stories are smoldering hot and probably made up. Okay. And he might be still be given out those pencil thin anal vibrators with every purchase at the pizza lot if you're over the age of 10.
I like the we we. White place dress and the pink carnation. I'm all dressed up for the prom. Hey, to all my underling sisters out there. I just got to tell you about my good friend that Jeff the florist.
You know Valentine's Day is almost a year away. So if you're looking for a lovely floral bouquet for your lover, my friend Jeff at Jeff the florist will personally arrange the ginsiest bouquet of flowers you ever saw.
Hey, just look at the delightful arrangements Jeff has today like the boo-boo bow camber basket of blue.
The delby nose gate and my personal favorite the Joe Rose rose. When you push the button on the face like this, this is what you'll hear.
So if you ask to see Jeff out back, he'll open up his pants to let you in on a secret special he's saving just for you. So sachet on down to Jeff the florist or go one 800 good bread alley.
So what are you trying to say Joe? I like the we we love the 32 at 560 WQ. I'm going to hang gober gover. Shool is it to I'm glad he's I'm sure he's happy that he's over there. It's a good day to be out of the building hang there's fire in his hallways today. It's smoldering and smoking.
By the way that the overhead you didn't turn up back where it was. It's very low George. I understand your pops can you run with a little on the low side. Don't crack it too much. Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60.
The only thing is we take a lot of the list by the way is we take a lot of the marks brothers are on list but not lead you a couple of what is that.
And Peter Finch and a guy said to me who's that. Oh man. I think he's a Spike Lee's brother. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello.
How you doing? You heard your name. Yeah, I heard something call say they're talking about happy from home said. Yeah, and I just wondered I heard I've been a web in Colorado for a year and just came back to heard my name and thought I call and have a look out. Uh-huh. So how's it going?
So what's no happy happy well, you know, you know, I used to hang out with the bird years ago. Yeah, you know, I'm talking to you. Yeah.
And okay, well listen, it's good hearing from you don't stick around in town too long 5 6 7 0 5 60 see if you get a lot more calls like that on the morning show.
I wasn't the privy to the whole deal I went on down there. And I said yeah, go ahead and beat the crap out of them. Okay. But then after I heard what had gone down in the fact that he's blame and I mean, why would you that would be like my going to the secretary in the dental paper pushers office down stairs on the second floor, which we missed them very much they turned out to be very nice people and saying, hey, we got too many spots.
Like what's he going to do about it? But of course it wouldn't take any balls to go to the secretary down there in the second floor and start screaming at her like some kind of a banshee and eat wood at Joe. How would it take a lot of balls? No. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to help you figure out what's wrong with the morning show. Yeah, you know, I'm tired of you know, they make fun of Joe as a big head, but look at Divo. He's got a big pumpkin head. Look around fat head. BFO. Yeah. No, not anymore. Now that he gained all the weight his head looks small compared to the rest of them. Maybe that's what I'm saying. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not
sure. How would it take on a lot of talking? Do you have that stuff of that sort of uh as a injury to might be a little bit more Heavy. Well, you don't have to ask that all the time. I don't have too much to do. That how he was trying to do is likeger drinking said maybe he wants to do Mr. Pit night. You know what Sara saying about iPhone blanket. Do is is comedic satire is like you tell if he's trying to be a comedian or dance sportsman. I think he wants to do that. You should go off to KXY or water zu Iowa because that's the only place with the corners not all way on. Yeah, okay, go away before there you go. There's one call for them morning. She'll a little critique. He says go away Bpose
don't go away, man, just go away and take that Saturday morning,
Sony sports, whatever that thing, it's right out sure with you.
What he said, now they're starting to run off to the task, okay?
As we invite them to rip behind end of some of these people are like,
and don't rip Gioldi because he's my good new buddy now.
I owe him a deep apology.
They're seeing the voice.
I mean, the voice always, it's still bothers me, but setting that aside,
since we don't care about that, it was always that pan through that suck up deal,
you know, but setting that aside, he's a pretty good guy.
Number one, and number two, he doesn't give a crap.
He's not the one screaming and yelling at everybody and run out of the hallway
and putting on a big, just song and a dent and acting like a big macho butcher.
See, like I said before, guys who like pick on little people and
don't regardless of what his title is, he's a little person,
he's a little guy with a little teeny tiny desk and a little computer in it.
He was sitting in a high chair before we embarrassed them,
but exactly he's got a little one and a desk too.
So if you want to pick on a board opposite about the program director
and all these other little insignificant people, then what does that say about you?
Spine, don't be pointing at the other two guys on the show though,
Joe and calling them spineless.
When I see you taking on somebody of some significance,
who's got authority around here and putting their feet to the fire,
then I'll say, well, that's you.
He's got a big pair, okay?
A big head and a big pair.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
I think right now he needs an old pair.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
On Camillo, how you doing?
Great.
Just the way in on the morning team.
It's the same old tire track every day.
You're a track?
Track.
Yeah.
It's BFO and big head.
They rank right up there with me with beevison but head.
So it comes back on at 10 o'clock when you're on the radio, my friend.
Okay.
And that's the end of it.
I'll pass it along.
Have a good one.
I'll pass it right down the line to a big head.
5.67, 05.60.
Everybody else saw a little head but nobody likes a big head.
Okay.
Here's the lake worth.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
First time long time.
Yeah, I want to talk about the morning show.
Great.
Let's hear it now.
Hold nothing back.
Get the gloves off and let's dissect this thing and find out what the real
sugar in the wood pile is.
Well, if you only listen to that show for five minutes, you haven't missed anything
because they just take the same couple of things and there's rehash at all
mornings.
Well, in contrast, that's what makes sure shows so great to talk about so many
different.
We're all over the god damn place.
That's our format.
AOR all over the road.
But I can't I don't think you should criticize the guys because apparently that's
what the people want.
They call in and they want to talk about.
No, I'm not listen.
I'm not criticizing the guys all I'm doing is saying don't be picking on people
who have no other.
I don't throw a tantrum into building.
But other people for your own deficiencies or for things that they can't
control.
What kind of a man does it take to do that?
Yeah, but it seems like the public wants to hear them argue for two hours about
whether Phil Jackson's a good coach.
Oh, I'm going to tell you, you know, like I said, here's this great hockey game
last night.
One of the best games I've seen in a long time.
It was assimilating.
Hashtag played great.
Velfor played great.
I mean, I just all kinds of good stuff in there.
And I turn on the rear this morning talking about some simple and knitwood who
used to be the coach of the the bulls when they had a team and who without
cares about him anyway.
Who cares?
All right.
Great show.
Thank you.
God bless you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
The sports nerds, let me tell you again are the people who need therapy.
They need to be put in a big, big place and locked away behind with those big.
What do they call those things where they have the maximum security prisons?
The big around, you know what I'm talking about.
Towers?
No, not towers.
The big, the cutting edges with a steel.
You know what I'm talking about?
What do they call that stuff?
Barb, mom, it's not barbed wire.
They have a name for that razor.
Why whatever it is razor wire.
That's what they need lots and lots of razor wire on the outside to make
sure we keep them on the inside the sports nerds.
A very young hurricane team went out there.
Oh, give me a break already.
Will you?
Jesus Christ.
Man, if these people would have known that Jeff Jant and Sanderson was on
their last night in hockey night in Canada on CBC on a post game interview in his
jockstrap, they would have flown to the nearest sports bar.
Oh my God.
There's a jockstrap.
And let me see it again.
It's all the only reason that any of this goes on in this radio station is
because we have to feed Greg Reed's ego.
That's the only reason that this goes on.
And that's why we're like, we're mortgage for the next 600 years to Wayne
Hypinga and John Henry because we all have to work our asses off.
So we can feed Greg Reed's ego.
So he can be the sports maven.
Oh, look at this.
I want a sports station.
I'm a big set.
I got tickets.
How were you impressed?
No.
How about the herd of no.
Are those really his kids?
No.
Twenty before knowing at 560 WQ AM.
Deal.
God.
Sure.
You're a manly man.
A man trying to man a man above men.
But he's feeling divided.
It's a problem is you ain't getting any.
But man, you don't need him because you think they make you look gay.
Kiwi's taste pretty good.
But what kind of a sissy name is Kiwi and lemon.
Please, the only thing you pucker up to is your Harley.
Once you get it out of the shop.
So the answer tough guy vitamins.
They're shaped like rocks.
They can look like a real man.
Chalping them down.
They even crunch like sand and have a sewage like aftertaste.
So if you want to keep that chest hair growing and then black heads popping,
you need your vitamins.
And when you want vitamins, you need tough guy.
And this month only pick up a free twin pack of tough guy.
Iron supplement so much.
You know, sound like your crap in middle tough guy with a male ego.
OK, it's 11 45 at 5 60 WQM where I see I don't care.
Like I said, I really do have that philosophy now.
I'm not going to worry about all these other things, but there was tension in the
ear.
So thick.
You could cut it with your little toe this morning.
Everybody was running around back and all my god.
You got to see what end of course you can hear it.
Of course, you were telling me last week that that goes on in the hallway all
of time here, which I usually I don't hear it.
Because I'm over here in the club, but you tell me that every time they open
the door here, people screaming and carrying on out there in the hallway going like,
like that.
A lot of that, a lot of gnashing and screaming.
I know we got a lot of screamers.
Of course, most of them are in power 96.
Here is the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello, Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I don't listen to the morning show.
You don't know.
I listen to Howard, but I do turn over every now and then to listen on his
breaks.
It's always in commercials or they're always talking about the heat.
Wait a minute.
One thing I will say, I mean, there are a lot of people like Howard, but you can't
compare their commercial breaks with Howard.
Oh, they're both long.
Howard's commercial breaks go on for like a half an hour.
You're right.
But you know something, it's not even that it's, it's, it's, it's Hang Show I have a
problem with.
Okay.
Because this show is reduced now to the banquet stories and a name dropping.
The whole half hour of the show, that's all he does.
What would it mean now?
Well, have you been doing that forever?
Oh, he's been name dropping.
That's, he's proud of that.
Hang say notorious name, Robert.
You know, the Ron Grazier story entered in the name dropping Olympics this year
with Larry King.
They're the top two contenders.
Carlos, could you please, could you please play Jelly Roll?
Oh, is that sad?
Is that pathetic?
5, 6, 7, how am I?
And you're talking about other people, sir, who have no material and say the same stupid thing.
Every single time you call this guy, they show you have no material.
I hope Hank comes over to your house and has somebody beat the crap out of you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
See what I mean about cars on radio shows?
You have to, that's why I'd like to take, if we had that line over under the 1-800 line,
which there it was, an impediment to our success.
If I wanted to start stirring up the pot again and wasn't just laid back, thanks to
Gildi, I would start screaming about that again.
If we had a watch line for all the people listening on the audio unit all over the
country, instead of having the facts that would just sit back and absorb it and not feel like they were part of the show,
we'd get 8 billion calls, because if I'd like to go through them like a million a day,
then we might get like 10 good calls.
But you know what we're stuck with is here.
We're stuck with what's here, and believe me, open up the window and take a sniff at any of the pretty sight.
Here's Miami, hello?
Hello, Mia.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is Barry.
I'm a homeboy caller.
All right.
I'm just a little bit confused this year, man.
Your name is Barry?
Yeah, I'm Good Friend and a Catnip.
I never knew that there was any brothers named Barry.
Well, sure enough.
Sure enough.
I wasn't even beat you for all by a mile, but I mean, well, I didn't know there any dark guys named Barry.
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure is.
Thank God.
Good Friend and aides.
Anyway, this is my first time calling.
Is he giving any good tips?
I've been asking him for autograph pictures for a long.
You never won't give me one.
Yeah.
Anyway, I'm just calling that you know that I'm here, so one more time I'll listen to you now.
All right.
And I don't listen to that first thing anymore.
I did just carve it, so I'm listening to nothing until you come on.
Excellent.
Great taste, Barry.
Then when Hank come on, we'll be eating in top and bottom junk and acting stupid.
I'll listen to him no more either.
All you need is 10 to 2 on QA and Barry.
All right.
And give him a big kiss for us.
Hey, are you seeing Ed?
Can you ask him some Barry?
All about that picture?
I'll keep asking him.
I'll bug the crap out of him, OK?
I'm going to add an effort.
Oh, OK.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Jim.
Yeah, Barry.
Say goodbye.
Bye-bye.
Ed Camplyn, 6 o'clock tonight, he's going to get out there early, baby.
I'm not really sure why.
I guess Bull Camper had to go to some big function.
Maybe tape one of his 45 shows that he's doing.
See, there's a good guy though, Kimba Bull Camper.
He's a good guy.
Everybody likes Kimba.
Everybody likes Mandits, except of course those people are jealous of him because there's a talent.
In fact, you know something, that would be a good, I don't want to get a little dog anymore upset that he already is because I know we love this show.
He listens every day.
He reveres the ground that I do it on.
But I mean, Mandits and Joe Rose, is there any contest there?
No.
Is there any?
They're both ex-doffins, both ex-jocks.
Is there any comparison in any way, shape, or form between Joe Rose and Jim, mad dog?
Yeah!
Mandits, huh?
No.
See, Mandits gets on you the night.
And like I said yesterday, he's ripping a crap out of Greg Read and the Beasley for his checks being so damn late.
And all of this other stuff.
Because he's not an ass-licker, Mandits.
He tells it like it is.
He's not talking about, well, Greg Read won't like this, and Greg Read won't like that.
And then go in there and start beating all over on the poor little program director.
What did he grow up to?
You know, he, he not only, what?
He, he not only won't speak to me.
He doesn't even look at me.
You know what I'm saying?
Not that I'm complaining.
I'm not, I'm not complaining at all.
But I must have done something to him.
Now, you always tell me, oh, is Joe Costello, I shouldn't have said that.
At dinner the other night.
Oh, we learned a lot at dinner the other night, baby.
Dinner and the aftermath of that dinner, huh?
That was worth the price of E-mission.
Wow.
And one thing we learned according to Joe Costello, was that, yeah.
Igor was like bad mouthing me when I first came over.
Oh, it hurt all these, we know I know all about him.
He's a troublemaker, he's a piece of crap, yeah.
Okay, Igor, I'll just stay out of your way, okay?
I'll steer clear.
You go your way, I'll go my way.
So to speak.
Here's a mobile and Davy, hello?
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir, happy Wednesday to you, sir.
That's a lot like today's day to me.
Yeah, West Davy trailer trash calling in.
All right.
Yeah, I tend to agree with you on your analyzation of the morning show or the worst team.
When they start talking, ladies go up.
I mean, they were talking about the WNBA the other day too.
Oh, my God, is there any person in its right mind who thinks the WNBA is going to make it here?
No, give me a break.
I'm telling you that program content for the basketball.
And that big dog, I mean, you know, the guy's got to have something to bring to the table
and he just did it either dolphins or forget it, you know what I mean?
Yeah, now let me ask you this, who do you think it would be better on that show?
Joe Roser-Jim Mandage.
No contest, the mad dog.
Yeah.
I just wanted to ask on your subject of smoking a thing.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Shane with request.
Yes, sir.
Smoke gun, just smoke tune.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
You got it, man.
All right.
And the smoke one for us, okay?
You can kiss my rear end.
No.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, I probably shouldn't have gotten into this.
This is too delicate, especially on a day when he's got a fragile ego like today.
I don't want to mess with other people's psyche.
But, you know, if you're going to pick on my good friend, Bluff Lindsay, who's a good guy.
He can say anything you want about him.
He's weak.
He says, which he is.
But he's not a bad guy, you know?
I'd much rather work for a guy like that who's like kind of low-key and mellow and doesn't give everybody a hard time.
And realizes his limitations and sits in his little high chair with his thumb at his mouth and making out his schedule.
I'd rather, you know, have that.
Then some guy that ran around here like giving everybody a bunch of crap.
And believe me, we've had more than our sure of that.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Here's a lady in Westchester.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, man.
Top of the morning to you.
Thank you.
I love your show.
Listen, I've been listening to you often on all morning.
You know, one thing about this show, even the people who hate it, love it.
No, I've been listening to you since you came with Bill Calder and Big Will.
Those were the days.
Those were, oh, God, that was great.
Well, anyway, I watched the, I wanted to ask you some information.
I watched the top 50 film stars last night.
Right.
I have it in my hand right now in the list too.
Wait, I saw everything except the last two who I almost could predict and I fell asleep.
Now, act men or women?
Uh, one of each.
Let me tell you, was it Catherine Hepburn and Humphrey Bogart?
Were the top two, yeah.
Oh, that's right.
They were showing them every first.
It wasn't very good.
You got over there.
There you go.
I wish I had a prize to send you.
Well, no, I did it by process of the lemonade.
Now, do you agree with Humphrey Bogart?
No, no, no.
You only good movie I think he was ever in was K.L. Canine Mutiny.
The only one that I saw.
Grip was African Queen was okay.
I thought Johnny Mathis was in that.
He is so overrated.
I'm older than I sound.
He is so overrated.
But he smoked a mean packet of candles.
Oh, but she got it and I saw it up to the top two and I fell asleep.
But I figured she would get it.
But why did she get it too?
That's another one highly overrated.
I know.
Because frankly, my dear, I don't give a crap about Catherine Hepburn.
Let me ask you what I missed a few I had to take a shower.
What number was Lana Turner?
Lana Turner.
Did she make the list?
I don't know.
She didn't make the list.
Tony liked that.
Oh my god.
Lana Turner.
Well, maybe they're upset about that murder.
You know, they're still holding a grudge against Lana Turner.
You know who I figured would get the top?
Yeah.
Because these were the ones who had to have been stars before the 50s.
Before 1950s.
Yeah.
Let's give me another list.
I figured John Lane would be he was late.
I wrote it.
I remember.
He was 13.
He was 13.
He was 13.
He was 13.
Well, it's a time he wasn't my favorite star.
But it was Clark Abel.
He was five.
Well, it was five.
He was seven.
This is good.
I would kill some good time with this.
I always figured that he would have been the top.
And don't forget Patrick McGuwen.
He was number six.
You're kidding.
No.
No, I thought he was.
I'm just pulling you away.
I know you are.
Who is the prisoner?
Ophenta.
Well, who did you think should have been one and two?
I think William Holden.
Oh, he was good.
Yeah.
He was up there pretty.
And Peter Finch certainly should have been on the list.
Yeah.
What woman do you think should have been up top?
Ah, that's not easy.
I don't know.
Maybe maybe Betty Davis.
Yeah, yeah.
I think she was.
Definitely not Catherine Hepburn.
The only reason Catherine Hepburn got in there is because she was, you know, doing Spencer Tracy.
I mean, I just, you know, forget her.
Yeah, I agree.
Betty Davis.
Yeah.
But anyway.
She's a little bit too much, I guess, for the public.
But I don't think she's that kind of.
Oh, God.
No.
Anybody but, okay.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
Well, my sect is anybody buying in a Humphrey Bogart?
No.
Oh, talk about another hype job.
I mean, he was 99% of the stuff.
He was in it always the same.
He was always the same.
He always had the same drug in, you know, over smoking.
And by the way, is he doing pretty good right now?
No.
Too many of those camels, man.
Too many faggots.
A few faggots, okay.
But too many faggots will kill you.
Just keep that in mind, all right?
Five, one or two.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the, on the 18 and T wireless line.
1156 at QAM.
On a tremendous Wednesday.
Where we're dissecting the morning show and finding out if it's a spot or is it the content
or is it maybe one or more of those hosts?
It's time to beef up the morning show on this station.
Oh!
Well, one of the guys is already working on it.
He's beefing up.
Oh, thank you.
It looks so beautiful.
I want you now.
Don't forget to hit the high head for a spot or a day.
Oh, yeah.
You've done a red dog.
You've chugged a red wolf.
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember, you can't beat a red cock.
Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front.
1156 WQ.
I mean, Hank, I'm sure what I had a great show yet today, especially with those 25 people working out on the show helping them out.
But then that one guy that I told you called him was sucking around so heavy-duty and threw him way off his feet.
And then he then even Hank started to suck it up to Ed Pope.
And at that point, the CD just went flying into my player.
Sucking up to Eddie Pope.
Did Ed Pope ever write anything that did he ever say anything?
He's been in this town since before Lincoln was a baby.
Did he ever write anything?
Still, that love letters to the sports editor from Joe Falls at the Detroit Free Press about 50 years ago.
And at his big claim to fame, he's just a phony wannabe who thinks that he did the reenvolve them or a New York cover.
He Yankees and the Orioles.
And I mean, give me a break.
Did Ed Pope ever write anything that anybody can quote?
No.
Did they made any sense?
No.
That took any ball.
No.
Man, what is wrong with this place?
Just so much suction.
We got to put up a big sign outside the door that says,
Jabasta di Shupan.
And all the different languages, my favorite one, by the way, is
Kitti Hoover, Optimon Man.
All of which means...
Enough for the fucking.
Right.
Enough for the goddamn sucking already, okay?
And it don't even feel good.
Christ.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, that's the sign that Hillary put up on the oral office door there in the White House.
Enough for the sucking.
Plantation.
Hello.
Plantation.
17 minutes and 57 seconds in plantation.
Did they wait?
No.
No.
And you know something, that's probably that guy.
The guy that called Hank that was sucking his ass yesterday,
that wanted his body and his wife to, that was from plantation.
Do I get calls from plantation?
No.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8,
POM 5, 6, 8, on the mobile one line.
Sir, I want to award you the worst.
Even a guy that said a very young gator team.
At least that was amusing in some way, in some bizarre, sick twisted way.
Your call was the worst suck job in the history of the human race.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I hope you don't mind, but I'm disguising my voice.
Because I get a check from you guys every once in a while.
Yeah.
Yesterday when I was in, I think I caught the first part of that melee yesterday with Joe Rose.
The first part of it, in other words, I missed the first half.
I think so.
So I had a high tail went out of there, because my liability insurance doesn't.
It sure me against flying receivers and microphones.
Okay, well listen, thanks for the license plate.
So I'm in.
5, 6, or is that the I'm in?
I'm sorry, I'm in with the I'm in.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and that's another suck job too.
You notice the way the whole, all the, like the news guy, I don't know what his name is on.
I'm a, this show, the way he always sucks up to him all morning long.
Oh yeah, whatever you say, I'm in.
And then you're right about that farm, I'm in about those animals and your brother out there.
He's an asshole.
You're right about that, I'm in.
Oh, just like, just like Ed McMahon, there's a guy that made a living with suction, just like Larry King.
Look at all the guys who made it, who sucked their way to success.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Margate.
Hey, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good sir.
The suction is incredible this morning.
It is.
Listen, a question for you.
On Saturday, my wife is finally taking me to her with Chris.
And off of the silken.
Yeah.
I know this is a subject that you're a little sore on.
I'm a little, I don't know.
I asked some people yesterday, am I right or am I wrong about that?
They all said I'm right.
Did I ever apologize for a nut?
Did they even call you and apologize for a nut?
No, well, maybe.
What kind of nut?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Got a heart on your back.
All right.
Very good sir.
What about your husband's hand?
Right?
From his bedroom.
Have anyone asked him?
You know that?
That's not fun for sure.
We had no temptation to be present here.
Can you play that my ass thing again that was hilarious? Okay. Thank you
What was I supposed to play before for that other guy that I forgot all about the gun just off all the goddamn
Yeah, I'll get to that old boring. Okay. What's it and the main is this guy that I want my in us? No, I'm sorry
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Opalaka. Hello. Oh, yes, sir
Yeah
Okay
We went so long and I forgot what I was gonna say 14 minutes and 54 seconds
I want to give you a name for that list yesterday, but oh, yeah
Well yesterday is over with okay. Call me again tomorrow
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 I want to give you a name for that list yesterday
Well yesterday came and went and believed me you could have got to yesterday because yesterday was one of our usually desperate
Days is I'm sure today will turn into before 2 o'clock because it's Miami and the people are like very recalcitrant like my old friend
Rick the mailman who hates me like poison. I'm not really sure why but I don't care, you know, I say
Rick the mailman. That's what I say now
You don't want to look at me that would be like if I walked into publics
Okay, and like one of you guys is in there and I like look and see you at the end of the row and I just turn around and walk the other way
And you think what the I do to him
You know, I
Mean I'm looking right at you. Okay. I'm just about to wave. I mean that's a big deal
But it goes back to that business about being pleasant
For example my friend Sylvia at the turnpike toll place. Do you ever go through there by the stadium? You don't go through there
She's Cuban you know and has painted fingernails and right here and she's a sweetheart. I love Sylvia
And on days when she's working it's pleasant
Hey, me how you doing now? I give her my 50 cents. It's great. She's but it's a little thing like I said before little things
Mean a lot believe me. I know that
Better than anybody little things about like that. They mean a lot
But people are just in this town is just full of people who just they won't look at you
They won't speak to you and it wouldn't give you the time of day. Well, you know what I say through them
And it's a matter of fact yesterday
I'm going home through the a turnpike toll place and I see an arm sitting out there
I don't have change so I'm not going through the exact change
I'm going through the change link and the arm is very dark
I thought well that's not a Soviet unless you got too much of a tan overnight
And this turn out to be a sweetheart of very high she said hey you have a great day now and again
I don't know her name I don't know who she is
But she just went the extra like two inches, okay?
Not nine yards two inches just to say something pleasant
So you walk you drive away from there with a smile on your face like hey, there was like a decent human being
Searching for decent human beings in this town is like looking for a god damn needle in the middle of the Italy
It's like looking for that black gildo in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean
Which is probably worth floating around right now. It's probably Bob and out there somebody's bobbing up and down on it
I think she was in here this morning
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line maybe OJ's bobbing up and down on
I think it'll fit
Just about the right size for OJ's big fat. Yeah
Just look at right in there OJ on your way out of town
Don't take it personal as you want to just that we hate you like poison and don't want you to come back
Regardless of what Willie Simmons says
My
Hi kids y'all like cut little stinkers that funny little sounds it comes right out you think
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about
My brains are gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which place girl. I'm gonna fart on
Dr. Dreass. Yo, man. You passed
What do I smell like?
You know
It seems like I always smell that
Rippin gases and toot was pretty swell. I got this off when I took my jeans off and parted so hard
It turned my underwear backwards like Chris Crock and every night I'm like oh dinner
Mads and fun at my ass passes a fat bitch who ain't too fat smell this honey
You know, wait a minute girl, huh? I don't give a god said me to think the world up
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My you can see to want to me kicked out back in junior high said the problem was something
Proled up my ass and died. I shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when I covered his death
With you's toilet paper walked in the strip club my testers will fill up move the bob tan
It took a dump of the tip cut up went over to a dancer had a fucking agon
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father
Nine and nine center my life I was lied to I just found out my mom got all gas and I do
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper make a bracket about strange noise made on the crap
You know you would have dirt when the women rush to leave
You drive the homeless back but she must need it
Regis this guy white shouts and says pretty cool
But I had to go go drop the kids off and move
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
So it's 560 WDQ and your intellectual stations for the 90s or we don't necessarily have a lot of stupid answers
So anyway the nephew Greg reads nephew Christian's comes in and I just had gotten through saying something good about him
The other day like he's not as much of an asshole as a Sam or something like that
And it comes in here while that's planning says to me is Sam major still on a year somewhere
I said he has something like five Watts stations around oh, I've been looking all over I can't find them
And this is somebody by the way under the age of a hundred
You know like this lady in public last night is very nice, but very elderly lady
I mean she was oh okay and
She's where does she what does she listen to mr. Ego she says oh, yes
Steve and that young man that works wouldn't they always speak very kindly of you well
I've not let shame been listening lately because I got those fire reports as if I really care
But she's the one that's listening her in about four other five other old people but stand major
when
you say what can make me feel that way
uh...
all of them
okay that's enough of that you know i think it would be a great show
for people are like suicidal right on the edge to push him over the edge
the book of ryan stand major show
well
you talk about i mean book elisa got some talent but anyway talk about the
pressing people
oh i got a better one the book of ryan stand major and bomb last year
show that sound
yeah
you'll blow your brains out before the theme song finishes plan
course i'm sure that this station we listen to the entire thing play all the way out
because we're listening for the day there
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the uh...
you know i'm talking about
uh...
on the mobile
i'm going to tell you if i had forty five people working on my show
this show would be so spectacular every single day am i right this would be a
barnburner every day i mean as it is it's not doing too bad but jesus christ
if we had seventy three people running around here
sucking our toes and everything oh man
this this show would be kicking big gigantic bloody rass all over town all
of the world
we have a half a pluck we have a would be number one half not just number one
whatever is above number one we'd be it
but we don't have like a staff of two hundred and forty five people
here's for a lot of the whole
i think we'll know how you don't great you know what i want to uh... echo your
sentiment that was fantastic hockey game yes it was
absolutely fantastic
absolutely correct
with the hitting that was going on in that game last night you have to combine a
whole weekend of nfl games to get the kind of hitting that was going on
that's right that's right
it's a movie the whole nfl season
well i don't know about that one and maybe i'm talking about real hits i'm not
talking about a big bunch of three hundred and fifty pound-pound porkers
like uh... you know standing there playing grab ass with each other
like uh... with their elbows in each other space that's not hitting okay
well no i like it when the five hundred three were going to football game you see
a guy running down field and maybe like uh... you know uh... defensive back
you just have to get the belt and i know i make a great hit like maybe Jeff Fox
were there you're gonna be a pop your which from the uofm
you know that you're right about that one but i mean
as far as that that thing they call the morning show
yeah you can pay me to listen well okay what's the biggest problem with that
show in your estimation what is it that turns you off in it
you call you say it every day the worst team yeah
you know that's it i mean
aside from the spot i mean that whole everything except for your show
is nothing but spot without question you we've already identified
and i think we had it in blood and even even then they changed it but
unless we had it engraved in blood they brought you on a fifty-five minutes in our
show that day you say it every day it exists in this market because this isn't
really a mark that's right it's been no it's the quality of people that listen
i mean i turn it on i can stand hang for the first fifteen minutes after of course
the sports update the ten minutes of spot yeah
if i wanted to pick on the goddamn program director which is a legitimate
point what as long as we've got to put up all these spots which we don't have a
choice what do we have this repetitious long ponderous sports updates in
there which is a tune out
what do you think you're talking about your employee of the month though
well that's true yeah i take it back
especially he has control over that what do we have these were especially on
days when there's virtually nothing going on and we got that awful music
do we have that music is it in the thing there that update music all my it goes
on and on and you're saying okay i'll be i love can moldy's a great guy but
enough with that the stuff already can and whoever else is doing it enough
yeah for four updates with the same updates especially when there's nothing to
talk about and he's taking advantage of the few minutes that we've got that
aren't commercial time and give these guys a chance to see if they might have
any material which some of my doubt but nevertheless
yeah that's it's really bad it's too bad you couldn't get on a real radio
station but then again in this market what do you consider a real radio station
exactly and the checks are clear and pretty good okay thanks a lot pal take care i'll give
you your regards five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
that was uh and sometimes the update the update goes so long that the music ends
and they have to start it all over again and yeah oh oh god
on and on and on and joker a pictures does this morning in two more like around
and one was square and one was yellow and one was deep inside it and oh my
and zero strawberry got busted again and on and on it goes and that horse you
know the one had the bad leg he and still in the good this week but he's okay
and uh the marlin nobody cares it was too late anyway it wasn't in the
skillet thank you oh and like i've told you this many times before this is my own humble opinion
it's a miracle that this station gets the numbers that it does it's a it's a
a miracle of modern science and it goes to show you during those 20 hours when they're
hacking a sports stuff that those sports nerds they must really have no life
they must be desperate because they are there like stuck stuck by lapidius glue
to their radios to the all a crap about ladies golf in the wnva and stuff that
even sports and the rhodics who are like locked away in mental institutions
even they wouldn't talk about and they're still out there so what are they all
complaining about okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile
one line but those updates here's a mobile in Orlando hello
Neil yes sir it's blowing up all the way to Orlando baby I've been listening to the last couple
hours with my fiancee and um you know he hit right on the head with the worst
team just a bunch of no talent mofos uh yeah terrible they got a lot of your money is that what you say
uh yeah exactly I mean you're gonna call up Marvin and see if he knows what that means
George Marvin I'll go inside joking okay I was listening to a little bit of
uh friend in the late night uh the gambling uh baby sir maybe the K maybe K he seems
like a nice guy he is a nice guy seems like he's a smart intelligent person awful
show that a great yeah unbelievable I mean the kind of people that you must have
to babysit it's the it's the it's the geeshaw it's yeah exactly I mean it's that
QAM GA show starring yeah I was reading an article about this guy stewie hunger
uh you want to talk to George you got one spray to you yes sir you won the World Series of Poker a couple
years ago right um and I have to fight him back from just being on a ball to his rectum
uh and uh he uh I heard he knows the Overson Ungers yet yeah then he uh the guy it's just it's just unbelievable
when you listen to him and then and I hear this caller call it yeah make all the noise you want we don't
do audience to know that we got the fan working good and Jeff Cohen is here with lunch from
pizza lot go answer I hear this caller call any Eddie K and he's like any I don't know how this
happened I thought he could he couldn't I thought he couldn't lose it could have
a lose yeah and I'm just I'm just thinking about you baby I mean these guys are unbelievable I know and
then uh and finally just want to say I felt like commentator I was on hold so long but thanks anyway
okay I have a great day pal okay and don't think about me quite so hard here's Jeff Cohen of course
who's thinking about the very hard
oh and you know something you got to bring us because you're the guy that can replace that one at
Roy Foster still want to hear the other day we never got it back see if we had real
management in this place somebody would have gotten us a big black build back there Roy Foster
came in here and took out here I got to have that I got to have that maybe he knows you have a little
party five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line so what do we got today
just all kinds of great first stuff we got sausage meatball little mushroom and air cheese
a little bit of sauce
Lee color lost 20 pounds on the Atkins diet everybody in their brother lost in a great job the
bluff Lindsey lost the what he say ten whatever he lost on the Atkins diet
fat Hank looks so lovely that some of his butt suckers out there in radio land one is body I mean what more can you
want and I'm fat five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
how come nobody responded to me about nobody gave me any advice on my feelings about Ruth Chris
we had a one guy who managed to squeeze out for them another free plug on the show today but nobody you know
because I don't want to sound like a cheap skater regardless when I'm looking for females because believe me if I want to eat
free all the time I could I could have been doing it every day for the last 20 years and eat
and good stuff for free but I don't like being a free loader
but I do think that when I patronize you to that extent I'm in okay you want a restaurant if I came in I
realized different kind of restaurant but if I came in and spent a gigantic amount of money on a
Saturday night and brought a couple more people in on Monday night and spent a lot of money wouldn't you offer me like a
free uh... something like the sodas or your free beer appetizer yeah I mean doesn't that make sense
come over and thank me personally for my patronage and it's great to see you again and we love you like crazy
in the three or four hour information that you have us on the year last week instead of just looking at me going
thanks very much Mr. Behlfer yeah the guy takes my credit and that you know like they had no idea who I was
and I know they knew who I was because the major thing you see to me knew who I was
and it brought up front the blind lady she knows me when I came in the door hi Mr. Rogers how are you tonight
so maybe they're taking a page out of the burn laxier song book from Bernstake House over there
now let me ask you this the management have to be there to offer me a free cup of coffee
they do the management has to be there to offer you a free cup of coffee
a free a demi-toss a free cup of chino not the pizza lot
okay so maybe I'm overreacting maybe wasn't there fall I don't know five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty animal mobile one line club can be that gator me
special day here it is the world when the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the
closet no more that's what day day is for it's a day day after all
all right it's a day of fun when we wear red shirts and when we all come
you can hear the squirts we can pick go and tease with our manicure go tease
it's a day after all we'll be holding hands in it then cheer and watch the
blinds of an alley marching then we'll make your wrist street with a kiss on the
cheek it's a day day after all we can wear tight shorts made of gold love
man and wear mask out like billies a week and then so way as we
get a day after all and you will have a liberty ball hosted by a
risk-teller and rule ball there we murder not to rock my two-mentioned feet like hot
it's a day after all it's a day after all it's a day after all it's a day
after all it's a day after all it's a day after all
well Cam Phil on the wall suit
1233 at 560 WQAM oh my go we got a Cuban Ron Jeremy
567 0560.560 on the mobile one line wow finding out some real interesting
things so maybe I judged prematurely maybe on Monday Jeff is telling me since he
knows the restaurant business that there aren't the appropriate management types
on the staff who could have authorized even like a free anything besides the glass of water.
Is that what you're saying, William, where's the toilet thing though?
It's a possibility, I don't know.
Why are you making excuses for them?
What make excuses is just when you go to big corporate restaurants, they control everything.
I mean, everything's computerized and all that.
And if there wasn't a manager that had enough authority to sign something off,
nobody took it on themselves.
Who knows, either that or they screwed up.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, could I tell you what's this place that you're telling me to go great with steak?
A B-Strum as a Luna on 17 Street Causeway from outside.
It looks like nothing. It's in a strip center.
It's on the road store.
It's in a world J and I think it's the same name, different company.
Yeah, but they these prime meats.
It's always consistently good.
Their fish is awesome.
Good steak, though.
Yeah.
Have you eaten it with Chris?
I had a bad experience right there a few years ago.
Really?
Yeah.
I was here about it.
It was also a week night like a Monday when it was slow.
Yeah.
It was not slow on Monday.
Okay, well, they must have been people by the way that I put in here.
After raving about what a great place they probably didn't have their first string guy on the grill.
But I ordered one of those giant porter houses for two.
I don't even know if they still do that.
Yes, you do.
Okay.
I ordered it for myself because I'm a big steak eater.
And I ordered it medium rare.
And it came out with like almost no pink in it at all, let alone medium rare.
So I sent it back nicely.
And the next one came out raw.
Raw.
So they were trying to give you a message.
Well, so I, you know, said, I'll give you a bit of raw enough.
Well, it's just, you know, that could happen.
Things happen.
There's times that they're going to go off when you burn a pizza or, you know, I mean there's nothing you could do about it.
Mistakes happen.
But you wouldn't bring it out.
You wouldn't bring it out burned.
It's not supposed to be brought out burnt, but you can't look at everything yourself.
I mean, once in a while someone might take something out that shouldn't.
99% of the time things go out perfect.
They're supposed to be.
But, you know, restaurant business is an inexact science, except that the pizza law for everything is perfect all the time.
So in other words, if I bring my close personal friend Sean over there who's home on the break from Northwest and over there next Monday.
Yeah, I told him, you're not going to give him a bird pizza.
Of course not.
Because he Jewish.
Right.
No, we'll leave very many things on the beans list.
And he's bright enough knows the difference between the good stuff that usually serve and something that's a burnt up piece of crap.
No, no, all that stuff is good.
Okay, so tell us about the 21 year old chick you had on a plane.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, that's right. I got you confused with somebody else.
Right.
Okay.
I went to see Stuart and Atlanta.
Oh, that went to the date to that.
Oh, but you know, a 41 year old young lady.
We went to her.
Oh, was she legal?
21.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And what's wrong?
Why do you say that?
So I don't understand.
What's the big deal with that?
Well, I don't know.
Just, you know, I've been out of the swing of things for so long.
Everything seems kind of weird.
I feel like after so many years to be single.
I feel so much more relieved knowing now that he's as hairy as a,
I feel so much better.
Not me.
No, not you.
I'm talking about JP.
He's a walking carpet.
He just said a Cuban carpet.
Right.
I feel so now I feel like this tremendous sense of relief just came over me.
But this is a unbelievable coincidence at this concert.
We had four-throw seats.
Yeah.
How much right?
He was pretty.
He was unbelievable.
Is he sensing?
No.
No.
But he puts on a great show.
Was he ever going to say no?
No.
But he puts on a great show.
Could you ever say no?
No.
Great songs.
And he could sing.
Yeah.
So anyway, part of his show is, how much do you know?
Because when you see these concerts, you're usually so occupied.
I have a few drinks.
But you know, that's how you listen up.
So part of his show is kicking soccer balls into the audience.
Right.
It'll kick about a dozen balls during the course of his concert.
Because he's a big soccer guy.
He owns part of a soccer team.
So I caught a soccer ball in the beginning of the concert,
which is pretty cool.
But of course being a gentleman, I was going to give it to my date,
even though I went all the way to Atlanta to see him,
and I was dying to keep it.
That's how I told her she could have it.
A couple of songs later, they let some girls go up on the stage.
So she went up and danced at the band, and like six, eight, ten girls are up there dancing to some song.
He gives her a kiss on the cheek, along with the other girls they all leave.
Another song.
I think that Ricky Martin likes to elic-
fixate a dozen balls in his concert, too, is one of them.
Usually afterward.
Yeah, go ahead.
Comes back.
A couple of songs later, she's standing on the chair dancing.
He points at her with two hands like a gunshake, you know, thumb up in the air,
kicks the soccer ball, 30 feet through the air, directly to her.
She catches it without bottling it.
So we end up, we each get to keep a soccer ball, which is pretty cool.
And the people around us were going nuts because out of 20,000 people at the place,
for two people next to each other, they end up with two soccer balls,
was an unreal coincidence.
So I went and bought a lottery ticket immediately, which didn't do any good.
Oh, but I do have an autographed Rod Stewart's soccer ball,
which is pretty exciting.
Great.
Okay, I'm glad you had a good time with that 17 year.
I mean, that's 21 year old young lady.
You want to tell us about the plane trip?
No.
Okay.
Okay, there he is, Jeff Cohen from the Pizza Lock, great food and real perversion,
baby, that's what it's all about.
Not a bad combination, but it all depends on what you're in the mood to put it in your mouth, I guess.
21 before 1 at 5, 60, WQM, what a...
Gordon gets South Florida a major blowjob ride.
We're down in Jamaica in the care of being.
Take out the best of her that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that table, or who?
They tell you this country where they're country people.
A rough man has someone to sell, and from a mile away,
you can detect these men of smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
He light up this cliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Okay.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They're gonna be good.
You'll be carrying lots of herb in the gun, the stack.
Smoke it every day until you're long-term like.
With all the money that we have made, Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American food is coming here and saying,
got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and smoke.
They begin to puff and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They're gonna be good.
I'm the Delmas on you, I'll be a rough man.
You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around,
surviving from you by the ounce of nipple.
Rastaman, say to her, am I alright?
They're gonna be good tonight, and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and smoke.
They're smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Oh!
They're kinds of people.
Oh, right.
Jam on.
145 at 560 WQM.
No one wants to see John Mellon Camp, okay?
Just kind of, everybody that's in concert is just another excuse for you to go out and get
a stone out of your mind and get laid to which we all say, oh!
Let's do this guy in one before he passes out.
Here's a guy that had a heart attack on the action, hello?
Hello, Mellon.
Yes, sir.
Hi, yeah, I was on the action side for about eight weeks, had lost about 30 pounds.
Yeah.
On the action, pulling it, coating it a book, I had the hard cover and a soft cover.
Turned around, and one night at just finished dinner, I had had a steak with a baked potato
and butter on it and a glass with a little bit of it.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, baked potato?
Yes.
Bake potatoes aren't on the action side.
It's on the action side, yes.
No, it is not.
I'm sorry, not baked potato.
I had something out of the sight.
Something out that was allowable, not the potato.
If you want to bake potato, guarantee that's pure starch, it turns to sugar.
No, no, it's not.
It was in carbohydrates with all that protein and fat.
That's when you're going to go, oh!
I'm sorry, I wasn't working with that.
Anyway, I had dinner about six o'clock.
Yeah.
I didn't have a baked potato, I had something else at this state.
I can't recall what it was.
The side was approved on the action side.
Okay.
Left, right after I had dinner, I just felt like something was in my crawl.
You like stuck in my chest.
I had a massive heart attack and died at commercial in A1A.
They revived me and they did a five-way bypass of dr. General.
The doctor said it came because of the fact that I was lacking some kind of fibers
that came from, or fibers that came from bread or something.
The fact that I had too much meat and it created too much fat around my heart.
Huh.
That's what they told me.
How come you have all these other people that are eating all that meat and not the...
I don't know what to tell you.
I've done you what it's been.
It might have just been you.
It might have just been me.
I mean, I've got to tell you.
Not everybody can do everything the same way.
That's right.
It might have just been a reaction that I had.
But I was on it for six weeks and weeks and it was great.
I lost like I said about 30 pounds.
Or you know something you may have been going to have that anyway.
I don't know.
I was saying it as you are so you can't tell.
You only have different ones.
When you had your stroke, I had my heart attack.
Oh, brother.
We both pulled it out okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Take care of yourself, John.
There's a guy in the room.
I don't want to cover up for anything.
I think if a guy have people who got sick or nearly done on the act,
let's hear about it.
Unlike that horrible piece on CBS even in NewsLives Friday,
where they promised to give us the big run down and blow down and expose it.
And they told us nothing.
Didn't say a goddamn thing.
Did you, Dan?
No.
No, I mean, what's the big deal with that?
They're going to have the big expose on a very controversial diet.
And it come on in and have Dr. Bob and then they got a cardiologist.
And then that's it.
You know how television works?
You're out for like 15 seconds and now let's move out of the next piece of crap.
We're not going to tell you anything, God forbid.
You have to tune in Sunday morning, watch all the infomercials and buy all those pills.
They're going to make you lose the weight or maybe talk to the juicy man.
And get another one of those guy named juicers so you can put pure sugar into your system.
Yeah, start drinking a lot of that fruit juice.
That'll do it.
You'll be going by the end of the day.
5, 6, 7, especially if you're diabetic.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So what's the name of the place you said to met Saluna?
Beastro metaluna on the 17th street, cause we in four lot of it.
We may have to go there, you know, the beastro metaluna.
Oh, look at you.
Oh, boy, George's head just pulled out from his free lunch from his food like somebody who had it on a string.
Man, like a goddamn jack in the box.
Oh, sorry, I said that.
Here's the kindle.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I got two things for you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you.
It's a pretty good number of times
And make sure he sweats a lot.
I'm going to show you effort from at Woodd stuff.
Of, if you're spending a lot of hours
Just to give some suggestions of what I remember.
the roads it's too late to turn back now it's too late to turn back now
pod
not a joke that i'm sure he's not a hundred percent what i'm sure he's not happy
a lot of time i don't
now now you stand at this point like a friend of yours
no a buddy of yours i've got a quaintance of business because my my opinion of
the launch which i was in june so tremendously then i just said you
always today i think i just been into a bad piece of meatball you know
i thought you thought i'd say yeah i'd like to that part of the meatball
that's kind of like a little learning your job and paste like a couple of
months old
no i know him from business yeah like i said he sold for half a dozen
different companies in the market for whom i wouldn't get channel four for a
while i have no idea i don't know where he was with some other radio
all i know is he worked for a clear channel and they sent you also they said
a splowers and a thank you letter when we hired him over here
it said good luck you'll need it the lunch is good right they said if you
luck fat boy you'll love time and we do love fat boy come by comparison
the lunch is great okay Todd sorry yeah you lose Todd you're out
that's it i don't think i had something good about him i thought maybe he had
the goods on it well there's Jason who can sniff out either cigar smoke or
free lunch one or the other
well i thought all that weed affected your sense of smell but i guess not five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on a mobile or maybe that's what he smells i forgot to mention jeff wrote some of
that into well it makes you it makes you eat a lot more food at the pizza lot
you know i'm talking about yeah man here's a hollywood hello
hollywood okay nice talk 33 minutes and 42 seconds and when the big moment came
when at big gigantic moment came court court they pulled it out how do you like
that they backed right off of there and hung up pussy a pussy in hollywood
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line see we're starting to like
it's almost one o'clock now i killed the first hour and a quarter myself beautifully nice job
Neil thank you good and then i give these people all kinds of food for thought and that's it
the dead place here's a lady in Miami lakes hello
Neil yes man i was on the act again i lost about 50 pounds are you dead yet no
but i did have a heart attack that i was before the act before the act in yeah but then after
i lost 50 pounds yeah it took about two years and my doctor took me off the act in
because i had a high cholesterol and put me on food and veggies i'm going to tell you right now
the best diet i was ever on in my life i lost i lost about a hundred pounds in 1974 and 75
actions no it really wasn't the act in it was the stillman remember doctor stillman
yeah but what what what the difference between the stillman died in the act in it was the stillman
died was a lot of protein and virtually no carbohydrates but it wasn't high fat protein you know i'm
saying you had to have like turkey breast and chicken roll and then fish and and real lean area
in the meat you ate had to be real lean and then and none of this like salad dressings and mayonnaise
and butter and fats that's what i'm on and i'm going to tell you work great for me i felt
great lost a hundred pounds i haven't gained back to fifty pounds and i'm going back on a stillman
even though he said i'm going back on a stillman what he used to call the water died because he
had a drink at least eight glasses a day and of course all the diets he had to drink at least
eight glasses a day i do about ten to twelve eight times a day right it tells you what yeah
but your sugar fix i still get it get it every once in a while and i have to get off of it i
still go back to those cheesecakes to get off of this i think that pint of Ben and Jerry's
so frozen yogurt that i had yesterday might have sent me back a little bit
yeah once you taste it you want some more yeah and it wasn't really all that good either they
got a couple of new flavors and i'd be honest with it i still like the fish food yeah there you go
okay sweet i keep it up love you bye bye okay we're hearing from people who went on the
addkins and died from it anybody else out there give us a call let's hear about it five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line anybody else remember the actor the
a stillman diet no of course not don't you remember it doctor erwin Irving or whatever
them was Jewish Maxwell stillman and he was always on like a jack par whoever else was on tv
you know he's on all the talk shows and he was like a real character but it was a good diet
and at the time i remember the two big that was back in the seventies the big diets were
icons and the stillman there was like a lot of competition between them and the one that took
most of the heat back then was atkins because of all the fat you know this was high protein but not
all that fat and certainly no big potato sir don't do it again twelve fifty seven at five sixty
wqm are you so it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
yeah what the hell is that oh i see what a clock one i wanted five sixty qm well i screwed up
okay my internal screw up once in a while thank you because i got all this you know what
busy with stories you have coins in here give me all these stories about getting laid and doing
the plane and do a plane and on a plane and is that i mean is that more important than the show or
what but your sweet ass because we don't care five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the eighteen t well as fine anybody remember that stillman diet no no no we want to talk about diets
y'all done talking about that morning show and then almost nobody of voluntarily without my
ask and responded to my thing about your rosary demand it's i think that was a very important
program in question and i'm sure that our program directors taken notes on that right now as we speak
here's a pop it all with no e by the way pop it all i know what's going on with you nail but how's
it the hangar well first of all when i was driving around earlier and you had the dark skin person
call the sentence and was buried and you said there were nobody named berry you said very
Sanders berry bonds been very bonds very lucky and very livingston and how about that they're all
strawberry right all right then how about very berry or how we bury right she was married today
justice right um we're getting be sure mesaluna excellent uh if you were looking for another
couple of states places tropical acres my teeth are fixed in my mouth i don't put them in a glass
oh look at the broadest thing back right right brought our thing back i'll bet
right better brother thing back all right right brought our penis back
and that and wait wait let me see that in that that hasn't been used look at that thing
cheeses we're gonna look at the hand on that thing man oh man oh man this thing is worn to a frazzle
glad you had a good time Roy how do you how do you like it i beg your pardon smells like oh jey
go ahead so i'm sorry no well i'm surprised at the reaction you say for top of the
lake or i mean the food's great oh did you say trapper or lakers again i want you said that i
can't believe it i actually have food in my purse sorry doctor don't do that fine fine no i mean
i i went there not too long ago let's say the name of the game okay i want to get i get the green
apple quick step just here in the name of it i want that's why they keep having a Christmas party
here all right fine i'll skip over it no problem because i think skipper chuck gives him a discount
no problem any restaurant where you got to put your teeth in the glass when you sit down at the
table that ain't for me yet maybe in 20 years not i didn't see that when i was there but that's
all right fine i got you i got clear i just got white i met kimbo once you're talking about
kimbo and mandage kimbo is an excellent guy man we can excellent guy i love to hear him in
mandage do a morning show but they got their own businesses so what the heck they're not gonna
give that up and change their lives i don't know i think for the right box i think they could pull
that off of mad dog there in the morning on sand yeah oh man kiss a mask what a difference in
titans between joe ross and jim mandage there you go um well one one final thing i i got to take
one bone of contention with you go right ahead you've been talking and i agree with you 95
percent 99 percent about guns yeah you've got you were talking about the fail staff overselling
different things they put a gun show spot right in the middle of your show every hour are you
aware of that now yes you just played one three minutes ago we have gun show spots back oh yeah
here's the sun coast gun show we have but i have no control over that okay well i thought that
you had enough water i got news for the only control i have is over the endorsements that i do
live commercials anything recorded they want to put on any show they can pull whatever crap they
want to put in there okay hey whatever just pointed out to you then i know i know they're there
i didn't realize we had new ones because i'm too busy eating you know okay well you have fun
with you and i have a great day you have fun with you five say definitely not my type good guy
though great food good life today pony tail i like y'all but he turned the side of a great restaurant
called bistro metaluna on 17th street causeway and four lot of it we'll all go there and joker
costella is going to buy next time what what is that all about that's the least you can do after
a pissing off his girlfriend and acted like some kind of a jerk huh well seriously i mean she
was very nice she behavior very well she was very friendly and everybody else seemed to get along
but you act to act like some kind of little guido like a hard ass and uh got her very
offended and now of course you're sticking you know it's in between uh you know those two
which isn't a bad idea five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty in spite of the hair
pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line i've got this thing it's amazing thing at home it's
called a razor here's the Oakland Park hello hey dear yes sir very white yeah oh how can i forget
that oh you know something right after tropical acres come very white on my list main
to keep by yeah yeah but if you act as mother is moving that teacher probably shouldn't say
it out of shoulder uh huh that's not a pair so that's other periods she might be saying that
i wish you could see this disgusting dildo that right and first of all it's very it's like body
temperature you know i'm saying it's very warm number one that that's what makes it suspect
and number two the head is worn down to a frazzle i happen to know because this was brought to us as
as you know as a fun gift right out of the box this was in pristine condition before
yanked it out of here so to speak and now it's like uh definitely worn down maybe you had a
disarm pitter so like somebody has been doing a heavy big time number on it
it's ever good day deal and thank you so much i'm not joking about that look at that i've seen
like that that have been worked a little bit too much and too frantically and too often without
a chance to heal up you know i'm saying and this one looks definitely like that
nice going there hi wow i sure hope she had a good time
fine well she looked happy this morning five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line hang this up baby yeah we know the mic is open and we're happy about
and we second that emotion well it worked in no fear and i've got no fear
how oh no no man don't be for me
the five gonna lift and move that sim
the choir's pace that seems you empty
they easily just did they said it's heinous but like a faith man i'm gonna go in during this

oh
any
time
I'm ready to...
Now I'm all real stupid, got my tongue off in your hoover
He's out of that suit till a six-hug
I got him a sense of B to B
My friend's called me in number two
I heard you yelling, kakakak
But I prefer you to
If they suck your faddy to be
Are you sure?
The sweetest, bitter ice is
The moon is shining on my wings
It's like a penny to me
Now, food always I can walk as hard as I'm going and struggling
Trust me, I'll hold her to you
Things get not delusious when I see rails door to roof
Just you and I lost all of the hours and I don't lose
So, with what I do, please miss me, it was like a man
You'll find it hard to sit down when I get done with your can
It takes my co-pane as to me
Yes, yes, yes, yes, we did spend the right thing
Your moon is shining on my wings
It's like a penny, it's like a penny
Oh, it's like a penny to me
One 14 is 5.6, he's under the QM
That's interesting, the guest mic
That's because this board is such a piece of crap
And you've got all these multi-function with the same pod
Is it a takeer toy?
Yes, it is
The guest mic was still open
We're speculating about where this big black plastic penis had been
While it had it in his possession
So if anybody didn't hear it, here's what we were saying
Here's the Hollywood, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Hi, how are you doing?
Great!
I listen to you all the time but I don't normally call in
I'm a cardiologist and I just want to comment on a few things that I heard on your show today
Okay
First of all, the guy who was on the Atkins Zion for eight weeks and all of a sudden had a heart attack
Obviously, at heart diseases have been going on for 20 years
Heart disease hasn't happened in eight weeks
Right, so was it from the diet
I lost about 95 pounds on the Atkins Zion myself
Great!
In terms of cholesterol and triglycerides, it happened to do great things for cholesterol and triglycerides
And blood sugar too
Yeah, I had tons of patients who were there in their cholesterol and triglycerides and went down
What I wanted to ask you was, do you understand?
I haven't been able to find out why women do so poorly on the diet
Have you heard or read or...
I don't know, I have one listener, she lost a whole person
Because I have tons of fat women who just really do the diet, they're very strict
And they just don't lose any weight
They don't know why
You then men seem to do very well on it
Maybe it's yeast
I don't know what it is
No, seriously, I'm getting a look from the other one
If you read the book which I'm sure you have, he talks about when you have a yeast infection
That you have tremendous resistance and you won't lose any weight
And then you have to give whatever that stuff is they get for yeast and what is that...
Whatever they give
You have to give that
Right, exactly
The other thing was I wanted to come out on the hockey
Which I wanted to follow in all the time
Right
I was doing the last grade series of the Panther series
No
You didn't like the Panther series?
The final series, I mean the last game was a great game
The game that went in triple overtime I was there
But I mean we lost four in a row, it wasn't what you call a great series
We just, I mean Colorado was so far above and beyond this
Yeah, but I thought the games themselves were fantastic and I think the NBA is worth it
Anyway, thanks a lot
Thanks for everything
Thanks for the good news
There's another cardiologist who's lost a ton of weight on the Echons and loves it
I don't know
You like that
Dan Radler and all you assholes
See, you're irresponsible
You people on TV, of course we already know that
You're a bunch of grave robbers exploiting human misery and peddling a lot of bull crap
But you're irresponsible
Because the doctor is most of them except for guys like this and Dr. Mark and a few others
They won't put out the real MS out there, they're good information
And so you know people look toward you and they believe what they see on the tube
Especially like a prestigious program like CBS Evening News
And you know, you put together a piece and everybody's going like, yeah
And nobody says anything
And then they find some cardi
I mean, there isn't anything in the world you can't find somebody to say something negative about
You know
And that's what they do
You know, while it's a balanced report
Yeah, so who's writing who's wrong?
What's the track record?
How are all these people doing the Dr. Atkins is that these hundreds of thousands of people
Did we hear anything about that?
No
No, we heard that he said this and he said that
But did we hear any facts?
No
Because that would have probably taken a little bit too much effort
They might have had to send out the, you know, what's his name?
Bernie, what's his name?
Bernie Goldberg
Or one of those other Jewish guys
You ever notice how many Jews were coming to CBS?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line?
Here's West Miami, hello
Hello, nearer?
Yes sir
Yeah, this is Mike and West Miami
Do you give the Sabers any chance and that was to win one more game?
Why not?
Why didn't you win one more game?
Well, they have to win one away in order to bring it back from there
Right
Well, what do you mean to bring it back?
This series is tied to a piece. It's now a two out of three
So, but how many?
They do have to win one of two games in Dallas
If they're going to win a series, that's correct
Well, why not?
Why not?
Yes, well, you know, because I watched the game last night and I...
Well, let me ask you this, who won the first game?
Was it in Buffalo?
And where did they put that?
At Dallas
At Dallas, so there you go, even on a crappy ice.
Well, what is the injury situation for Dallas?
I mean, I'm sorry for Buffalo.
For Buffalo?
Yes, I kind of missed the injury report.
Well, I don't think there is any injury.
I don't know anybody on Buffalo that's injured.
There's hell, I use a horse right now.
Did you have Madonna?
Madonna and...
Madonna?
Madonna was not injured anymore.
I mean, he made this miraculous recovery, even played game three and played great.
And last night he's 100% and Hall is going to be out at least one more.
He looked very slow last night.
Home of Madonna?
Yes.
Well, I mean, yes, slower has nothing to do with your wrist.
Yes.
With your wrist?
Yeah, he had a fractured wrist.
Yeah, oh, you are right.
Yes.
Okay, thank you very much.
Okay, you're welcome.
There you go.
See, ask me, and I'll tell you.
5-6-7-0-5-60, Pom-5-60 on the 18-T wireless line.
Here's a mobile Intel-ray B.
ate .
coil.
Why doesn't there come...
on a bed. Oh my God. Really? Yeah. Is that lack of carbohydrates? Because I like to work
out two or three times a week and I just found that maybe like sugar withdrawal, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. The book says that lasts, you know, that's level one first week. Well, I never
heard it not having enough energy to get out of bed. I never, I mean, literally, but I mean,
to really... You felt weak? Yes. Yeah. I was at a common symptom. Yeah, it can be in the first few days.
Right. But I did find the World Cup cappuccino shake mix. Pretty good. Okay.
It's good source of protein. Okay. So I give that a plus. But once you get just in four days,
I lost about five times. So what's wrong with that? What's not to like? Yeah, I only had about 15
or lose. So I had to go get some carbs and kind of modify it. One of the level four. Yeah.
I get 23 grams of carbs a day. Well, that's not much. That's good. Yeah. Okay. We'll keep it up. Yep.
Okay. Keep shaking it. Five, six, seven. You know, something smells in here. You know what?
No, it's not that. No, seriously. Something smells like weed. No, not that kind of weed. Yeah,
mom. Like weeds that... Well, maybe that kind of weed. I don't know what it is. Well, Greg's out of town.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
The four gold or a gold or a job. I mean, Joe Rose. Come on. Let's go.
No thoughts on it. Most of the people listening at this time now. Do they listen to the
morning show at all? No. And they also didn't hear about the big brawl between Joe Rose and
Blufflin's ER program director, in which case Joe was totally out of line. Totally out of line.
And I'll be glad to tell him that right to his post tomorrow morning if he wants to hear it.
Take up your arguments with people who can solve them, not just to brow beat some poor guy
because you want to take your agree-fi on him.
Here's the mobile and Kendall. Hello. I'm Danielle. Yes, sir. I haven't talked to you in a couple of
weeks. I packed you over a couple of weeks ago. You were a soliciting guy. Where's a little stock
money? I got for the solicitation police if I was soliciting. No, it's a stock tip. I packed it
over. I was wondering if you got it. I got it, but I, you know, I'm so gun shy now with this
market. I don't know. Well, that was a good one. Yeah, it was over on two and a half bucks
a share. It was cheap enough to get it into. And how much is it now? Well, it's just now
press release today. It's going worldwide. It's going to cut download speed on the computer
by 70%. Yeah. It's supposed to trip on your downloads. Uh-huh.
But how much is it? In other words, it's going public today, you're saying?
Sure. Okay. Well, he just he just vanished. Oh my God. And the thin air. Yeah. And here's a guy that
factored me something. I'm going to like invest my money based on that. I don't think so.
You think so? No. No. Still haven't had one call. I mean, what is raw at these people?
Don't you have an opinion about anything? No. On a Ruth Christmas business. I mean, Jeff Cohen says,
you know, cut him a little slack. Maybe there was no management person out there that night.
And if you're in the restaurant business unless there's a management person on the promises,
you can't even come up like a couple coffee like a diet soda. So maybe that was the problem.
Maybe I'm being a little bit unfair. Do you think I'm being unfair? No. I don't.
But maybe I am. I say I don't like being unfair because I do love the food there.
I mean, why should we go to the beast row? What was it? Beast row? I do. On the...
I'm telling you, there is something smells in here. Since Jason walked out,
can you smell it? It smells like...
No. It's not that kind of a smell. I think it left some of your good stuff in here.
No, seriously, there's something... Maybe it is this thing.
No, that's got a smell all over it's own. It smells like crap.
No, there's something I'm telling you. It smells like something that grows in your backyard.
I'm not that. I'm just telling... That's what it smells like. It's got that like...
Oh, Hmong. Here's Cooper City. Hello.
Look at that. That was up 170 in the Nasdaq's of 85. Thanks very much for waiting.
By the way, Cooper City, 8 minutes and 47 seconds that we kept you off the street.
You jackass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. On the AT&T line.
Here's Miami. Hello. Okay. Thank you so much.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
They fixed it dead. Yeah. Okay. Great. Thanks for the bullet. Yeah.
Abe Lincoln too. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Yeah. Hi.
Yeah. Yes, ma'am. Yeah. Hi. I remember coming out of the load work. Not bad enough.
We went the whole three hours without more runs. Now they're coming out. Yes, ma'am.
Yes. I'm Carolyn. I fact she's sometimes. Yes, Carolyn.
I remember the Stillman diet, the Air Force diet. Right.
Remember that? Uh-huh. All of them were based on low carb hydrates. Correct.
And back then though, in the 60s and 70s, they're also based on you could drink.
Remember the Drinking Man's diet, which was the Air Force diet.
But anyway, I've been on AT&T for three weeks. And the first two weeks I lost 13 pounds,
which I know some of that was waterway. Yeah, it's okay. What difference does it make
you're still carrying it around? Yeah, but I kept it off and then I went for about a week,
not losing anything and not lost four pounds. Well, what's wrong with that? Sounds like
a minute. Sounds beautiful. And I know some other women that are on the diet and that they have lost.
So I wanted to let you know. Okay, thanks. Keep it up. Okay, bye. Bye.
See, there you go. And like the cardiologist said, the guy who had the heart attack and the
bypassed all the other business, that doesn't come on in a week. So obviously, I had a condition
I was developing over a long period of time. And whether without yet, can you even be damn sure
he would have gone right to the hospital, etc. But anyway, be as it may, you know, you listen to
whoever you want and then do whatever you want. And I'll sit here and keep eating my fish,
croaking early death, 126 at 560 WQAM. One of the world's greatest shoe stores is right here in
town in Pompano Beach, Brandy Shoes. You know, I saw John penis, I think twice this morning.
John penis giving us a new copy at all. I thought I'm complaining you understand because I don't
care. If you don't care, I don't care. But it's just interesting to me that some of the stuff goes on
and on. And it just gets a little bit ponderous because I wonder, are they still running this
special this week and next week and last week? And I really don't know because we've got more,
a lot of good times Charlie's around here. They want to come in and tell all kinds of stories about
George and who got laid and who stuck it here and, you know, and that stuff. But when it comes to
like doing like business, are we here to do business? No. Okay, thank you. I feel better now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We were all so cool, Craig.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Allines.
I see from the red I'm safe, but no thief I can't.
Hail to the coward in sheep.
Oh, what are you doing?
Oh, what are you doing?
Don't be such a kind of dumb.
Wow, you're chatting down.
Oh, what are you doing?
So let me ask you, magic carpet ride, what's that up?
I think I'm about 10 times trying to roll.
It's 131 to 560 WQM 567 0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, everything we said that wasn't supposed to get on the air before during the break that did get on the air.
We say, second that emotion and then some.
So we finally got our big black dildo back from our close personal friend.
You evidently couldn't sell it around a building had to bring it back.
So if you want to buy some great bootleg cologne,
see they probably think I'm making that up.
I mean, is that illegal or what?
Here's a mobile in Boca, hello.
Hello.
Oh, there's line 8 again.
Okay, thank you.
Make it over that line 8 screwed up as if they know we know that on our cheap old phone system here.
Hey Greg says he's going to get us a new one, didn't he?
No.
Here's the lady in the gables.
Hello.
Lady mobile in the gables.
Hi.
Yes ma'am.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I've been on that for like a week and a half and like blot, maybe two pounds, three at most.
Right.
And I've done it before and gone off of course.
And my question to you is, what in the world do you eat for breakfast?
I mean, aren't you sick of eggs and meat?
Bacon.
Cheese.
Cheese, whatever you want for breakfast.
No, you can't have cereal, you can't have.
No, of course you can't eat carbohydrates, but I'm saying you can eat the rest of the day, you can eat it breakfast.
Why do you have to have breakfast food?
That's American brainwashing.
I know, but it's just like to face another egg every morning is all I can see.
Yeah.
And you know like omelets?
And what do you do for snacks?
You're asking me?
I'm not on the addkins.
I can't stand it for more than like two days at a time anymore.
I'm in Shama's sugar.
You got great to bet at your food.
I'm a sugar addict.
Absolutely right.
I'm so addicted to sugar and I'm the proudest one who I'm not proud, but the first one who admitted it and I can't get off it.
I just can't, I'm stuck and can't get off.
Well, and you never get fruit.
I mean, all that's right.
Well, I can live without fruit.
Okay, I get plenty of fruit, but you know.
Those are the people that are the best on this diet.
Like, you know, fruit.
Yeah, I mean, it's like, you look at that and you think that's healthy food and then you think, but I can't eat it on addkins.
It makes me crazy.
Yeah.
But I keep trying it because I'm...
Well, you just keep banging the way you just got to do the best you can.
Well, I appreciate it.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll see you in the banana patch.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, banana's grown trees.
I know, but I'll see you in the banana patch anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T, where I was flying handgovers over a tool study, of course, between two and six.
Ed Kaplan is here at six.
Want to bet on it?
And then we got the Marlon game 9-3 tonight again.
I don't even know if they won or lost last night.
Do they, do we know?
They lost.
Oh, they lost again last night?
Like I said, is there going to anybody that's going to assume that today?
No.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hi, I'm your nail.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm Hayden.
Did you smell that dildo when you got it back?
Yeah.
George did.
Is it okay?
It smells like exactly what you respect.
Okay, listen, I love you to definitely do.
I like a penny.
I listen to you every day, all day, man.
I won't go to work if you're not on.
Good.
Anyway, I hate to bring this up, but what's to do with you in Goli?
I mean, you used to rip him a half, so bad.
Now, now, you're kissing his ass.
Now, I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm dead.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
I'm not kissing his ass.
How the hell are you?
We've got heart bomb.
And so good here's tinwood yerch likes cheek'n' c**n.
Can you give some munchies they make roundly soup with hair?
Didn't?
And would you share it with daezis and da singer?
No.
The fears part heads.
And yeah.
The fears part heads, not made in his grace!
Yeah, yeah, hot is good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What is God's most cannibal?
All right.
No, God's not one of us.
Get high on the back of the box,
Just him and Moses get the stone.
On the gray hunt bus too long,
To get some bad luck on the road.
A couple of times back to take home.
Moses picked up Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven, let's your soul.
145 at 560 W.D.
Come by the way, thanks to the long hit boys in Margate
for sending me a beautiful post to the Pope's Smoke Stope.
And you should too.
Look at that.
That's the beauty.
The Pope has got a big fat one in his post.
And so I was sitting here for the last 20 minutes wondering,
What is that smell?
What is that aroma?
And I look at my pocket and realize I have this big fat one,
This Cuban bullet that the next set over here.
And I'm going to tell you,
There's something special in there.
In fact, when you hold up a cigar and out of the little plastic wrapper fall
A couple of seeds right off the bat,
You know there's something special in there.
Right.
Start sifting, baby.
So go on down the next and ask for the Cuban bullet
and you'll either get some great cigars or something else.
5667 0560, 0560 on the 18Q wireless line.
So the verdict today is that Mandage.
Yeah!
It's going to be starting mornings on Monday morning.
Mandage, B-Fo, and maybe Mandage can kick B-Fo into shape.
And of course my close personal friend, Gildi.
That's the verdict we got this morning.
Here's a mobile and four louder dial.
Hello.
Hey, Diel.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Question.
I just started a diet for two food called sugar busters.
Yeah, I read the book.
I've read every diet book that's ever been written.
What's the difference between that one and the acnes?
Because they seem pretty similar.
Yeah, it's just the other acnes rip off,
just like the protein power with the eads
and all these other infomercials.
So I don't know.
There's no big benefit to the sugars or the post of the acnes.
I don't remember.
In other words, I read it like whenever it came out several months ago
and there was something in there that told me you forget it.
It didn't make any sense.
Well, a buddy of mine, he tried acnes.
He said this is just an easier version of it.
That's how it goes to me.
In other words, maybe it allows you a few more carbs.
I don't remember.
Yeah, because when you read 500 diet books a year,
they all start sounding the same.
It basically says all refined white sugar products.
As opposed to all carbohydrates.
I guess that's the difference.
I mean, acnes doesn't eliminate all carbohydrates just most.
You can have a little bit of salad.
You can have a little bit of this and a little bit of that.
But it'll less than 20 grams today in the beginning.
Which is a little.
Hi, Neil.
Thanks.
Good luck, pal.
Thanks.
Well, I'll need it.
I'm thinking about it.
I'm talking a good game.
Sounds great.
Tastes like crap, but it's hungry.
See, anybody tells you the acnes diet or any other diet.
Oh, it's a piece of cake.
Now, there is no piece of cake.
That's a problem.
I mean, yeah, you can, if you put your mind to it,
you can do it.
But it's not, you're not a happy camper.
You're not really happy, especially if you're a real sugar addict
and you admit it.
Which most of you don't.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, I am.
Can you play here, come to the F.A.G.?
No.
56670560, 0560 on the 18th.
You want to find out?
There's a guy that had a lot to say.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you?
First time listening.
Really?
Good show.
How's that possible?
I saw one of your trucks driving by in Fort Largo.
One of our trucks.
Yes, buddy.
I guess it's on the weird...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, and have a great day.
Like that.
Okay, call us back if it was a real call, but I think it was like some jackass.
One of our trucks driving by in Voka.
One of our big advertising trucks.
Do we have any trucks?
No.
56670560, 0560 on the 18th.
You're right, what do we say about a guy like that?
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
We just took a vote, man.
You win.
Here's a mobile in D'Areal.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Right after the public sensation.
That's Friday.
Uh-huh.
And I have two questions.
First of all, how can you come up with a coffee?
Because it screws up your metabolism.
Number two.
Hello?
Yeah, and number two.
And number two.
I just wanted it because it screws up your metabolism.
What do you like me to say it again?
It screws up your metabolism to caffeine.
No, I didn't.
I didn't.
I didn't invent it.
Okay, don't blame me for mother nature.
Okay.
It screws up your goddamn metabolism.
And you can't have any fricking caffeine.
Okay.
I didn't make it up.
That's what the doctor says.
Take it out of his old ass.
At number two, when you like cheese, after a couple of months.
Yeah.
Oh, you're coming to cheese.
And you like a better gel with your super-purch.
How long does it take for you to like to not gain any weight from that?
You know something.
It screws you up for like a week or ten days.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know, you'll be in limbo, you might gain a pound or two.
And then you'll be, and then you have to start all over again.
It depends on how long you've done it.
If you're, you're running, you lose 20 or 30 pounds.
And then you want to take a few days off and do something like that.
Be my guest.
Have a great time.
I know.
Thank you.
And save some for me.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
You know, I think it's good that Ben and Jerry's has actually come up with a couple of new really crappy flavors that the, oh, God.
The one with a cow's in it that the guy was touting, last thing.
That is garbage.
That is the worst.
I mean, I'm surprised Ben and Jerry put their name on that thing.
It's called, Volvinity Divinity.
And it is absolutely puke-inducing.
It is the worst.
It doesn't even like Ben and Jerry's.
It's watery.
And it's tasteless.
And it's bland.
And they should take their name off label immediately, not sooner.
And then there's another new one that I got at publiccy.
Yesterday it's called the Chocolate Something Frozen Yogurt.
Now the chocolate sharing our Cia Frozen Yogurt, that's excellent.
That is sensational.
But this was some other kind of crap.
Frozen Yogurt.
And it would, in fact, if you look in the bowl, that's exactly what it looked and tasted like.
It's 150.
Well, see, it's not appetizing, but it's a good way to turn you off on that stuff.
Every time you look at it, just think that came straight from there and you won't get anywhere near it.
Unless, 10-D-4-2, unless you knew Peter Clayton, 10-D-4-2 at 5-60 WQM.
