Sport Radio 560 WQAM Iami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil
called 560 560 toll free for date and grabberd or pound 560 on your cell phone.
No, the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily no no no.
Now Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Then coach, get away from the ball mother f***er.
Here I let it.
I don't know if you remember me.
But I was the guy whose house you said I'm fire last year.
Huh?
Please let it go.
I'm not dead yet.
Dear Atlantis, I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me.
He kind of looked and talked just like me but that's surely purely coincidental.
I was nowhere near that place.
I love you too much to look at anyone else.
Dear Atlantis, I had a dentist appointment.
I was nowhere near the Sharon Smedall Inn Hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good.
Whins all those rambies, ads all that money.
Come on, let me out of the pit.
10.202 560 WQAM, happy Thursday to him.
So anyway, I've got the most distressing job here this morning.
God, how do I break this but sucking thing to the audience?
Well, they won't be surprised.
Well, I didn't hear it myself.
Although somebody who was at my house last night watching the first two periods of the Buffalo Auto a Playoff game,
somebody who I treated to dinner last night, well, I didn't really treat you if Cohen treated him to dinner at the pizza lock.
I don't want to mention Jeff Rumor.
He said, oh, yeah, they asked me to be on the Marmor and to call him on the award team because we got depots out of town.
And of course, Geldy's the only one I'm sure that knows even a little bit about hockey.
So they want to talk about what the playoffs coming up, etc. starting.
Okay, am I going to get up at, you know, I mean, I was up at him.
I'm going to turn on the radio in the house 7.45 in the morning.
No. To this station, especially.
No. Of course not.
But when I get inside the building, I hear the most distressing, the most unbelievable.
Well, let me just set the stage for this.
Okay, set the table, so to speak, without the silverware.
So you know, Rumor sets me up his mother-of-laws in town.
And so, you know, he doesn't want to like him pose on his wife and his mother-of-law.
They have to be sitting there watching hockey games with a playoff son.
So in actually one, I come over to my house to watch a hockey game.
You know, great. No problem. I got to satellite dishes, big screen TV.
And how about buying him dinner before the game would be good?
Well, he didn't really say that. But if Rumor says let's go to dinner, it means he ain't buying.
So you figure it out.
So I got even with him. I said, okay, I'll make you the pizza law five o'clock.
Knowing that the price would be right and the food would be very good, which it was.
Thanks, ponytail.
I'm going to cut it in the hour that we were there.
I picked up enough material to like blackmail at least 50 different people.
It does unbelievable. Amazing.
I could be tired right now this minute.
So anyway, we, you know, we're sitting there and the help they're very friendly to me.
Oh yeah, near Rogers is here. They call off ponytail.
Wasn't there at the moment on the cell phone. He comes rushing into the restaurant.
So he sits down and he says to us.
He said, gee, if you guys would have told me you were coming tonight,
I would have taken out and bought you both dinner at someplace better.
His little brand of humor, you know ponytail and remember responds without a pause,
without a hesitation. How much of our night?
True story.
Oh, I'm just kidding. I'm just, yeah, you're just kidding, right?
Anybody believe me just kidding? No, of course not.
So I come in here this morning and I'm, I just, I don't know what to say about this.
You know, because George and Rimmer hate each other like poison,
which I still haven't figured out what that's all about.
I don't mean dislike. I don't mean despise hate.
Hate. In fact, I told him that you were going to be doing a show and I'm on vacation just
psychotic. He was doing cartwheel summer solts.
So I guess he's not going to listen. He'll be listening because I'm sure you'll be talking about him,
won't you? Well, I'll be talking about my client said about him.
Okay. Oh, now he'll be listening. Yeah.
And so will everybody else?
So I guess I just should play it, you know, and I'd be around the bush.
She calls in this morning on the worst team.
So does I now even hear the rest of it ostensibly to talk about the NHL playoffs.
But somewhere in a conversation came up an opportunity to do a major league suck job.
What's going to happen with that radio job in your opinion?
Oh, the radio jojo.
Yeah, the radio play by play now. It's crazy.
I think I think obviously Goldie, based on his bench hitting performance,
has got to be considered as a serious candidate.
One thing about Steve Goldstein, I think you'll agree with me, Joe,
you know better than anybody in all seriousness.
I respect the work that Steve Goldstein puts in.
Be it preparing for a Panther radio broadcast,
I've had the fortune of working with Joe at QA,
or not with Joe, but with Goldie at QAM.
And Joe, I think Goldie's a hard worker, and I really respect that.
And I think he's got to be considered the next.
Well, you have been strong. What do you go for him?
What a suck up job that was.
I mean, I can't find words.
There are no words that have been invented yet to describe the suction.
When I heard that, I almost fell off this chair and on the ground.
Not that I know that he doesn't really believe that.
Anybody believe that not that I know?
Yeah, right.
I mean, why do people feel compelled?
Why is this market so full of suck holes?
Are they all lyricaly wannabes?
Is that it?
They think they're going to make it to the top by sucking their way to the top?
Kissing cottage cheese ass all the way to the top?
Unbelievable.
This man no more believes that Gildi ought to be doing the Panther games next season.
Then he's going to pay for the next 10 dinners.
There is a China man's chance in hell.
I think I'm just going to play that from now to two over and over again.
How many times have I got ballistic on here here, telling you about all the suction that goes on?
That's basically what this town is all about.
That's the biggest, well, one of the big problems with this town.
Too many suck holes.
Very few people are really having an honest opinion and are willing to take a chance and express it.
But you know, you don't have to go out of the way.
I mean, oh, it makes my skin crawl.
How about tonight?
Save it for next time.
We got to find that alligator arms, by the way.
Whatever.
Did he come in here one day and like takes it out of our DCS, alligator arms?
Unbelievable.
The man with arms, too short to everywhere.
I mean, a couple of times I've noticed him try to reach for the check with the arms.
Just, you know, can't reach far enough.
Even if they put it like right in front of his little hands, they just can't reach out there and grab that check.
Major, major.
What a suck up job that was.
Suck up job.
The worst.
Well, I would say that was the worst suck up job I ever heard in my life.
Larry King couldn't come close to it.
The Humper couldn't compete with it.
There was nobody in the history of mankind.
Even the biggest marshmallow tossers, the biggest butlickers, the biggest name droppers, could never come close to matching that rumor.
Man.
Not just insincere, but a flat out blatant pile of big oozing smelly crap.
You know what that was.
Crap.
But just keep it up.
Because the sports nerds who listen to this station, they eat that stuff up anyway.
They put mayonnaise on it.
You know, the Dutch put mayonnaise on their French fries.
Well, the South Florida sports nerds, they put mayonnaise on their craft.
And they love it.
Breakfast lunch and dinner.
Wait till I share my first bags within a minute.
Great.
Starts off my morning on a real high note.
Great bags.
For another one of our gonahuggers out there in Radio Land, I love it.
I'm not sure if we have to stop.
And then we'll do it that.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
And then I'll get up and I make a track, a couple of toasts, and the puddles coming back every night Get a thrill when I roll that weed, talk to about my favorite stuff to do on your sea, make some extra cash and I'll sell you a lit of two
I hold it all up for the snow to pass, but I'm gonna hate to take that cure and test, my back forages worth got only those with the illegal grass grows.
Oh, right.
Not that you have to stop.
And this is what stuff is giving off, right?
I don't think you have to stop.
That 14 here at Sucks and Central, maybe 560 WQA in this town, and I'm telling you, someday it'll be just like that big black hole that they're always talking about in outer space.
Just disappear off the map, it'll just get sucked right down into the center of the earth, maybe even Pat Boone will be down in there, or James Dehran, or whoever was in that movie.
Who was it? Well, one of them.
Maybe it was Pat Goon.
Nice suck job there, Rimmer Fony, Fony, Fony, Insancer, unbelievable shameful, shameful, a disgraceful display, a totally unacceptable display of just this on it, of just the crap.
Here is a man who, and I agree with him, how could that voice possibly be on the air when any reference made to guilty?
That squeaky, that tune out that voice, you know, I mean, guilty's not a bad guy, but that voice, you know, he's gotta overcome that voice.
And he comes on here this morning, and just gratuitously out of nowhere, just to be a suckle says what you heard, which I'll play again 20 or 30 times, just to make sure, no, we gotta pinch ourselves to make sure, look at that, I'm itching already.
I'm sure I'm itching, I have an allergy from here in that.
It's how I'll agitated my system is from hearing that crap.
Here's a great fact before I get to my gun facts from John, by the way.
Here's a great fact from a guy named Jim.
Carl Sagan often said that American kids were so capable of violence not because of TV or movies or musical junk food, or not going to Sunday school, or any of these other bowl shot reasons, the right wing is from with the mouth about, but because we as a society are so bizarrely frightened of the idea of teenage sex that adolescent simmer restrained in a pressure cooker full of hormones until they have to break loose somehow often explosively, which is you have so often pointed out does not happen in most other advanced countries.
The few who do view sex with the same, what does it say with the same idiotic fear is that we Americans always seem to have the same violent leanings most Islamic countries, for example, there you go.
Think about this, is that it veiled reference? Think about this, he says any country Americans visit because they consider it either a paradise or just a great place is fundamentally free of morality about teenage and most other sexuality.
You know what your right says Jim, get me my passport, I'm getting the F out of this place, I want to move somewhere that civilized.
Nice go on Jim, excellent fact right on, what on target and then of course become the first facts that I got out of the machine this morning.
Which I don't want to carry on again, yesterday with a spectacular great show if I say so myself, where you in show nice going Neil, thank you.
And then of course I get here the right to the station going on about what you think the bears can drive the running back.
Seriously, I don't feel sorry for those people, I feel sorry for us that were surrounded by idiots like that.
I mean here we've just been through a massacre of young people right here in the middle of this country and these people are nothing deters them from their appointed stupidity.
That's all I know about, that's all they know, that's the beginning and the end of their resistance.
You idiots out there that keep asking me, well what's the meaning of life, what's the meaning of their lives?
Huh? I mean what's the ball score stop coming in, is their life even worth living at all?
No, good question. So anyway, John faxes me this, here you go and it's interesting there's a little white out in here, you must have put a word in there.
I don't want to say it might have started with in or something like that.
But you'll figure it out, he says just a thought to ponder Neil, if you went to sleep tonight and three hours later woke up to wait and then there's a white out there, you know, large figure standing at the foot of your bed with a black ski mask.
See you got the black in there but just he moved it around a little bit. Could have been a brown ski mask, a orange ski mask, any any kind of black ski mask and a six inch knife in his hand, you would sell your soul to the devil to have immediate access to a gun.
I saw my soul to the devil, no, I just borrowed the devil's pitch fork.
Sure do better than that stupid knife that guy, I mean six, he's only got six inches this guy in the knife too. That's not a nice, that's just a little, you know, that's like a letter opener.
Huh?
This is the focus says John of the NRA.
Anybody believes John by the way that this is the focus of the NRA?
Not to simply own a gun but to protect ourselves and family with it says John, right.
That's why all your kids are out there shooting each other up low and he said his brains out committing either suicide with it or accidentally playing around with them and blowing their own brains out.
You know, it's like, we all know what that is.
That's the American top point.
There you go, that's right. Come on, have another one.
And it's interesting because this whole business out there in Denver, NRA cancels portions of the Denver Convention as a result of what happened the two days ago.
As horrifying details of the massacre had column by in high school, I continued to merge yesterday with public and legislators in Colorado shocked their colleagues by killing.
That's just pardon the expression killing two pro gun measures headed for passage within a matter of days.
Even before police could learn where the Colorado killers acquired their guns, Colorado governor Bill O'Hunting several Republican leaders in the state retreated from their earlier support of those two major gun bills.
The withdrawal of those bills was a stunning victory for gun control forces who have viewed Colorado as an important test after Missouri voters in April 6.
The majority of us in this country aren't in love with guns. We don't want to see everybody in their brother running around with guns.
We don't believe that most people have got some kind of right, somewhere that they read into the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.
They have an arsenal of weapons in their basement and their garage in the backyard in their...
They're right wherever they're hiding them, okay? Hate to break the news to you, John. But that's the way the majority of sane people in this country think we're not in love with our guns, okay?
Or your gun or anybody else's guns.
You son of a bitch.
Well, too bad.
And then of course right here in the Sunshine State, what somebody called in about this yesterday, Florida lawmaker delays debate on gun lawsuits.
It would be an inappropriate time to hear it says the House Speaker, John Trasher.
And what were they going to debate yesterday?
A proposed law to ban local governments lawsuits against gun makers, including one filed by a date county this year.
The bill would even ban pending lawsuits like that one and the other ones that are pending.
So in other words, let's make sure we get the gun makers off the hook is what that bill was all about.
But they canceled the Florida debate yesterday because the timing would have been real bad.
It would have been real embarrassing to point out that our right wingers here in the state of Florida, our gun nuts, our gun huggers,
are trying to do everything in their power to protect the gun makers, to protect everybody and their brother who's got as many guns as they want.
And I'm going to tell you something.
I've been through this a zillion times.
It's like the abortion thing. It's like anything that's tired, old issues.
It's never... It's a waste of time.
It's a waste of my time in your time because just like I said before, it just ain't going to change.
That's the American fucking way.
That's right. That's just what it is.
I'm not saying people ought to give up trying because if you've had your life, but nevertheless, it's going to be a long time before any serious inroads are made.
Because this is a country that's obsessed with guns and violence and believe me, that's not a very good combination.
Not a good combination.
Guns violence and a respect for human life.
There's the third one. There's the trifecta for you.
Put those together and you got...
What a dead people is what you got.
You got a barbaric place, like I said yesterday.
It's not a civilized country.
You can keep pretending that I'm a bad guy.
I got some kind of an agenda.
Well, whatever you want to say, you can attack me all you want with your bull crap.
But the fact is, it's the truth.
It's a barbaric country.
Civilized country people aren't walking around shooting each other.
Kids aren't picking up baddies, gun and bull and their brains out and their classmates and their friends and their brothers and sisters.
It's unheard of.
You can try to trace it to movies.
You can try to taste it.
It traces it to TV.
Whatever you want.
But the American public has developed an insatiable appetite for violence.
Insatiable.
That's why we have extreme everything.
Extreme wrestling, extreme violence, faces of death parts 1 through 5,000.
Extreme, you fell into black.
Extreme violence.
Just plain ordinary violence.
That's not fun anymore.
That's no good anymore.
And you know what's really interesting.
They were showing some clips from a couple of movies, including that one movie gear to teenagers with her and the school they're blowing everybody away with rifles and shotguns.
I don't know what the name of that movie is.
And I'm thinking to myself, kids can go see these movies, even if they're like PG, whatever, you know, if they have an adult with them.
That's okay.
But unless they're 18, they can't go see like a porn movie.
They can't see sex.
But all the violence that they've ever been invented, no problem at all.
See this movie that they were showing, Clockwork Orange, remember had an X rating?
And it was nothing.
I mean, there was some violence in it.
There was some sexual, you know, innuendo.
But nothing.
And of course, Malcolm and Dowell's are slung.
That was in there too.
But other than that.
But they're kind of gratuitous violence in these movies.
And I'm not saying that if you go see a movie, that's an excuse because you got the decided it was a good idea to kill somebody.
But just think of the different set of standards we're talking about there, okay?
Okay, to go see that no matter what your age really, they'll get you in.
But God forbid there should be people, you know, having sex, anything sexual.
Oh my God, unless you're at least 50, we don't want you to see that.
And only with a note from your grandpa.
America is neurotic about sex.
So Jim with his facts, you're right on target sweetheart.
And as far as John and your facts, first of all, he got a good security system.
And you got a little dog that barks a lot.
I'm not really worried about some guy with a big black ski mask getting into my house, standing there with his six inches or his knife either.
I'm not really too worried about it.
I don't think you'd make it that far, okay, Jim?
John, whatever your name was.
Here's a lady mobile in somewhere.
Hello.
Hello.
Lady mobile.
What happened to her?
What just happened to the phone?
What just happened to my life?
I see a flashing before my eyes.
I'm pressing the button only she's not on.
I can't press her off.
She isn't going off.
Oh please don't tell me this is happening today.
Not to me.
What is this?
Another Greg Reed deal here with our great equipment that never works?
Look at that.
I can't put her on.
I can't, let's try it again.
Hello.
Okay, let's try one more.
Here's a mobile in Halea.
Hello.
And you can tell that they're not going to be on because the screen is like,
hello, going once, going twice.
How about line five and Davy?
Hello.
And as soon as I punch it up, whatever you've written on there where they are that goes out.
So guess what boys and girls?
Our phone system in this room doesn't work today.
So I want to screen, let's see if that helps.
WQAM.
Hello.
No, it's just line and use elsewhere.
This whole phone system is totally F-D.
And you wonder, you wonder that we have actually have people, I mean, if you've been listening
a long time, you probably shouldn't wonder anymore.
But those of you who think that I get carried away, that I go overboard, you wonder why I go ballistic
about working for people like this?
We're from one day to the next, you come in, and you have no idea if anything is going to be working.
This is the most unbelievable, cheap ass, horse ball outfit I have ever worked for in my life.
I work for stations that aren't even on air anymore in Marshall, Michigan, places like that.
And they were more professional in this horse ball outfit.
Let me try line seven, mobile in, and I press it up and mobile in and the Miami goes out.
So the whole phone system is out.
It's done, it's history.
Great.
Left here yesterday at two o'clock, phones were working fine, they were sizzling off the hook yesterday.
We did a radio show in here.
Come back in the next day.
Does anything work?
No.
No.
Only at WQAM.
Tank tries to get on the air every single day.
You can almost bait your life on it.
Within the first five minutes, they're going to lose the line.
He's out of the chula, his line goes out.
He's up at Louisville, his line goes out.
This is a technical disaster, it's a technical horror show is what this is.
What's the point of getting upset about it?
What am I screaming and yelling and getting wild about it?
It goes on all the time.
In fact, the days that we ought to be surprised are the days when a damn thing works.
Oh, and you guys are going to get a great new phone system up there.
The state of the art.
Did we get a new phone system?
Was it another lie from our general manager who's showing his ass to the world?
I just another bunch of bull crap.
Unbelievable.
This is, don't bring your daughter to work day today.
So Georgia's got his daughter subring here.
They subring you're getting a chance to see what a horse ball place this really is.
It's just unbelievable.
So what are we doing, boys and girls?
Let's do a break.
That's what we're good for here.
We can always get the spots on here.
We can't get the programs on here, but we can get those spots on here, baby.
Let's put this place all about.
All spots are radio.
Okay, let's hop right into it.
Okay, let's not waste any time.
1031 at 560 or make believe radio station.
You're a tinker toy station for the 90s.
Let's see if this works.
Okay, I don't think it will.
Here's a lady mobile.
It's going to work.
Mobile in Pembercline.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, it's working.
Why does that work?
I don't know.
I could hear you the whole time.
I know why it worked because I got rid of that.
I did something on it.
One button there.
I think that's what it did.
But anyway, there you are.
Okay, good.
What a miracle.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
That's a family bushing that button.
Somebody was in here dealing with our phone.
Wait a minute.
That's another reason, by the way, that we can't be letting anybody
else in here in the afternoon to get in these studio.
I don't want anybody else ever in here again.
That door, there's lock.
We'll remain locked.
They've got to do production in a toilet.
Let him do it in the ben Victory.
I'm sorry, let me go ahead, sweetheart.
Okay.
The NRA adopted 365 calling out for under their Rocklast site.
You put a spin on the tragedy in Colorado.
You son of a bitch.
You know.
They felt that the reason that it happened is because the kids are raised with no moral values.
Only the gun lovers have moral values.
They blame Hollywood, they blame the video games.
And good old Alignor, he started to hear by saying there were 20,000 gun laws on the books and not one of them stopped what happened out there.
So why don't we just give everybody guns?
I mean if that's the logic, let's just give everybody a whole bunch of guns. It'll probably work out okay?
Right, seven of them.
You're not a problem in America?
Senator Lottonberg from New Jersey was on there as the anti-gun lobby, I guess you could call him.
And Alignor, they were saying that the Brady Bill stopped 250,000 felons from getting gun permits and guns last year.
And the NRA's response, what are the felons still walking the street?
We need the government to enforce the laws more.
And I'm like, now wait a minute, I saw like NRA Republicans, they want less government and now they're saying that they want them to arrest all these people and throw them away for good.
Not all felons that are out there are bad people you serve. You're allowed to come back in the society.
So, and...
I got news for you, they could take...
If they took all the people in prison in jail on drug charges, if they took them out of jail, they could put all the scumbags away and keep them there for next 50 years.
Right, right. And it's a very end of the show.
You're putting a lot of the ones that are playing in the National Felom League, too, by the way.
I totally agree with you with that. At the very end of the segment, they were talking about how they need to restrip guns and make it harder for people to get.
And of course, they bring up the Second Amendment and Senator Lottonberg read it, word for word, how the cops are doing.
But you're not going to... You're never... It's like the abortion thing in these are the same people, it's the same mentality.
It's like arguing with a rock, don't you understand? It's as much a part of their body as the blood that's thrown through their veins.
I agree. It was just so fascinating because I've been waiting to hear what the NRA had to stay on this.
This is total tragedy, it's a real shame. They're going to find out there was more involved in this than just a couple kids going out the blow them away, you know, their friends the way or whatever it was.
Maybe, maybe not. Who knows, I don't know. Maybe they will or maybe they won't.
We might never know what really happened, but it was just so funny. Now they're going to...
You have to wonder again, we haven't heard a damn thing except for the heartfelt messages from the parents of these two scumbags.
We haven't heard anything else about them or who they were or where they were when these kids were making their 30 explosive devices.
Right.
While they thought witnesses said they heard them exploding them off through the weekend, then they were in the house and all this was going on and they have a feeling that they were in there making all this stuff.
But I don't think the two of them did alone. They found too many explosions devices around that place. They could not have done that all by themselves.
No, I guess they could. They asked one of the so-called experts this morning, one of the police people. They could have made them.
I mean, you don't have no idea what the timeframe was. How long they were planning this.
That is true, you don't know. But yeah, the NRA put the spin on it that it wasn't the gun laws and nothing like that. It was just their new borrower.
You got it. It'll borrower on the home on your. So all you've done, love them, people out there, you know, sleep with your guns tonight, whatever.
They'll be squeezing them. Hopefully.
You got it. I'll see you.
Bye.
Oh, thank God our phone is working again now. Every day we got to go through like some little kind of stuff in here.
Okay. By the way, the thank you for the fact that this is the, this is a chronic thanks to by the way, but nevertheless, thank you anyway.
The basketball diaries with the movie that kid with a trench coat goes in. You know that movie and blows everybody away into clans. It blows a bunch of kids away basketball diary.
It was. It wasn't. I saw that movie. I don't remember that happening. They showed the seniors today.
All of them. Maybe I slept to that part. There's a Leo movie was crappy. There's a scene where a kid goes in with a trench coat and shotgun wearing black and blows kids away.
They showed the clip. Yeah, one of the Tuesday night. All right. I'll take it work for it. I kind of have what it has. You know, one on one with Robbie Benson.
That's the only basketball movie you ever said. I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't see it. The baskets fall by reason. I'm going to go see that. No.
No. So I'm assuming that this is right because I'm sure it is because they they showed it. Here's a mobile and blood bell. Glade. Hello.
Hi. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I just called because yesterday I caught a show and I got up for work on this lady to the teacher at the school.
And she was like pleading that this could never happen to her school. God, they were the sacred school. I don't think no because it was a why?
Because she had the safest school that school that she was teaching that was the safest school. And you know, she didn't think that would ever happen.
No one would think it would ever happen in the school. But today you take out the corporate punishment in the school and you know, you're loved with that.
And what are a bunch of pucks coming to school wearing black trench coats and sunglasses? By the way, all through class every what is that?
Nothing. Just a statement that they're trying to make.
What statement is the school system now trying to make when they let kids do whatever they want?
They're not making money. You know, they're taking a side of a politician that's out there because as soon as you stop parents from being parents at home, because you're going to call HRist or if I'm taking a discipline my child, I mean, you have no, you're taking the right side of parents' hands.
And then you don't want to deal with the child. You know, everybody has to wear the parents wear the parents. Well, you know, sometimes it has a tie.
Yeah.
Who's hands are tied?
The parents hands because I think the people in the parents hands are tied. Maybe they're tied behind their back is the problem.
Okay, sir. Parents hands are tied. The school teachers hands are tied by the parents. Don't ever touch my kid. Don't ever accuse my kid of doing anything wrong by the parents who are mostly scumbags parents of these kids.
Not always mostly though. Sometimes you got some good parents who just love that just are totally oblivious.
Tried their best, but generally speaking in this country, one of the one of our biggest pastimes is trash making babies.
Otherwise, the jury's fingers should be off the year tomorrow.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
That's right. Man, the NRA people in the gun thing. Don't you understand? Can't I draw you a map? Can I get, can I explain it to you?
Guns are as American as apple pie and Chevrolet and hot dogs and baseball and beer and you name it.
It's firmly ingrained. It's in there. It's deeply embedded since the days of the wild west that they don't want to let it go.
They have more excuses. You can't reason with maniacs. You can't reason with them because there is nothing there that will ever permeate that thick skull of theirs.
Nobody's going to take away their gun. And I'm not, we're not just talking handguns. You name it. You're going to have an arsenal as many as you want. Whatever you want.
That's what the Bill of Rights says. I'm going to have my gun because I don't trust that government.
And by the way, generally, politically, these are the people aligned with the far right wing who are the people in government that we should be trusting the least, by the way.
So maybe it's like a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Of course, this is Robert. I'm playing in out of town all the time on business. Whatever I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find the Rogers.
Being honest with you, it's very pathetic. And this guy, I mean, if this is all you got in the sports talk radio, it is horrible.
So I definitely try to find somebody better than for sure. And his whole GD thing and everything else, just telling one day we all face the Lord.
All right. Have a great day.
Bye.
210 years ago this March, astronomer William Hershel discovered the planet Uranus.
To commemorate this historic event, your public library is proud to present a special salute to Uranus, complete with books and magazines to help you study Uranus.
And the special display that allows you to examine Uranus more closely.
Brackum, why after one visit you'll be able to find Uranus with both hands tied behind your back. So stop by your library and discover Uranus today.
1045 at 560 WDQ and by the way, speaking of Uranus, this fits right in NRA scales back its convention. How do you like that? They had a scale it back like I said.
I met a growing backlash against guns following the little Colorado School massacre, the National Rifle Association yesterday began scaling back its annual convention, which was to begin next week in Denver, just a few miles away from the side of the killings, the shootings.
A spokeswoman who declined to identify herself confirmed that the centerpiece of the conference and elaborate exhibition at the city's convention center would be closed.
Meetings are to be held as scheduled NRA spokesman Bill Powers did not return messages yesterday.
The event had been expected to draw more than 22,000 hunters, shooters, collectors, and others from Colorado in the Texas Panhandle.
But yesterday the powerful lobby representing nearly three million lunatic gun owners began taking down billboards with pictures of NRA President Charlton Heston.
Along major roadways throughout the state and quietly informed its members of plans to scale back the event.
Ted Pasco, executive director of the Colorado Coalition Against the Gun Violence, a group of about 30 organizations applauded the decision.
We believe that in light of this horrible tragedy, the NRA should demonstrate some sensitivity to the families of the shooting victims, he said.
The decision appeared to be, a last-minute bid to avert what could have been a major public-reate relations crisis for the NRA.
And that amazing gun lobbyist have a public relations thing they got to worry about.
As in how embarrassing do they have to look before we realize how crazy they are.
As recently as Tuesday, Mr. Powers insisted that the organization wouldn't cancel the gathering, saying there's no way to do that.
He had had hundreds of thousands of dollars have already been spent and that the Denver Convention has been in the works for more than five years for Christ's sake.
Before the Colorado shootings on Tuesday, the NRA had identified Colorado as a state where it's still a good chance of winning loser regulations on guns.
Oh boy, winning loser regulations on guns, including proposed legislation that would have made it easier for gun owners to get permits that allow them to carry concealed weapons.
All right. No, they don't want to be able to protect yourself and your family and your home.
No, what they want you to be able to do is have all the guns you want anywhere and everywhere.
Let's just shoot it out, baby. In the parking lot. At school, anywhere you want.
Crazy people is what we're talking about. Gun huggers.
And it's such a phallic thing. I mean, anybody who doesn't realize that. These are old smoothies. These NRA guys.
I bet you, I bet you even would just a cursory examination you'd find out that Charlton has the news.
Doesn't have anything even closely resembling a penis. I guarantee you that. That's why he's hugging that gun.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Yeah, Neil, I'm a little insulted as a parent. Everybody's blaming everything.
Rosie O'Donnell was blaming Jerry Springer yesterday. Everybody's blaming the guns. But nobody's coming back to the parent.
To the parental responsibility that I have to my kid to show him what right or what's wrong.
You know, I'm not a gun. I'm not four guns, right?
Let me ask you this. Sir, sir, my cliché, old friend. Let me ask you this.
If you got bad kids, they'll know the difference from right or wrong. Doesn't it make sense that they shouldn't have any access to guns?
Well, besides that, is that a stuffy one?
Sir, you're not even having to conversation, you're just screaming.
No, but the kids were looking at that crap on the internet. They were watching. I heard it with the Stephen King book. I just heard from you.
You just got through the crying, the people who are blaming everything else. And now you're doing it.
What should we do in front of it? What should have been done is that the parent should have been curtailing what their kids were seeing or anything like that.
Sir, let me ask you this. Sir, let me ask you this.
No, you can't ask me anything until you have stifled your lip and let's have a conversation. Otherwise, you're gone, okay?
Okay. Because you're a rude jackass. Okay.
Now, how about the kids that pick up daddy's gun? And you know, every day in this town, practically, there's another horror story.
And we see people crying on your television sets on the evening news because kids found daddy's gun that was sitting out on a lock or a shotgun or whatever was usually a handgun.
And somebody gets killed. Them, their playmates, their brother, whoever was. What about that?
Okay. Well, I agree. But also the parental responsibility to keep those guns locked up and keep the child safe to lock on them.
And are they doing it? Are they doing it, sir?
I don't know. I love coming in.
Okay. Well, when you find out, call me back. When you find something else. When you know something, my concerned parent friend. He don't know.
Like I said yesterday, we're just picking up just where we left off. It's like I told you. It's a hopeless argument. You're you're you're you're you're you're betting your head against the wall. I'm not going to do it. There's no point to it.
Yeah, parents should be responsible. But you know something. There were a lot of parents who aren't. There were a lot of parents who are scum reproducing making babies. I know it may come as a shock to you, sir. It's not a big magic trick. Happens all the time.
In fact, a lot of time is the worst the scum we're talking about. The more babies they be making. Okay.
But don't confuse this guy with the facts that when you got a lot of little kids out there who are let come from families like that.
Who haven't been taught the difference between right and wrong. At least let's make sure that they don't have bombs that they don't have guns. They don't have hand grenades. Let's do the best we can to make sure that that's not possible.
But oh God forbid we should do that because then any starts with the cliche. I should why did I let him go beyond that guns don't kill people. Okay.
Soon as I hear the guns don't. That's like saying nuclear weapons don't kill people crazy governments kill people with nuclear weapons.
So why do we why do we want to do it with nuclear weapons for Christ's you know why should we want to do that.
I mean already got to do is read your newspaper today that they're still a little bit concerned about Russia the why two K problem.
I mean it's say I was six seven eight months away whatever it is now but they're not so sure about those nuclear warheads that got over there.
And the why two K problem is a little bit of concern like maybe we ought to send some people over there with a IQ larger than their thumbnail and help work that problem out for them.
Just so we don't blow the world up when we change the data on the calendar and then all the all the lunatics will be saying oh we told you armageddon's coming.
Told you so here's a candle hello the world will be a much better place if everyone had a gun you know that.
Oh yeah right but listen I'll change it to change the topic what a great game going to have time huh the Maple Leafs and the flyers.
Yeah five six seven oh five sixty call up a lot of the sports are a lot of hockey experts on this station okay you know what you know about the Maple Leafs and the flyers put together so you wouldn't know maple syrup or pantomime is stuck it inside your back home okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line these last couple days even though I didn't watch you some hockey last night with the alligator arms.
I mean I just for some reason I have less patience than usual for the sports nerds you know just it's just not on my mind is that amazing Colorado they cancel it they moved the games the first two games of the series from Denver out to San Jose they rearranged that whole series the cancel the nuggets game the cancel two Colorado Rockies baseball games and like I said if it would have been the time of the year when the
Denver Broncos would have been playing you know the National Felomly they would have had to go on with it because well you know it's more important than life.
I'm just I'm just not thinking too much about ball games right now you know especially when I beat for about these gun huggers these crazy gun people.
We're helping to destroy this country and making it into a slaughterhouse where every single day somebody in this country picks up a gun I'm not talking about the scumbags that are out there so hold some pretty
issue I'm talking about innocent the kids and others oops sorry all too late now.
You need a driver's license to drive a car like I said I'll say it over and over again but to have a gun in the house all you got to do is be able to go out and buy one.
That's all just have enough cash to buy one or maybe somebody to give you one.
But hey let's have make it easier to get concealed gun permits then we can all like hey you get pissed off over parking space in the you know any supermarket there you go at them all get out of that space mother reference.
Because we know that the American people are you know for real calm is not not a violent bunch of people for real calm rational reasonable.
Don't get psychotic over stuff it's like meaningless you know here's a mobile and color rich hello.
How are you okay sir.
Listen you know I agree with you I mean not to stir your rap but I'm a gun owner but I would if someone said tomorrow that there has to be you know a license for it and psychological testing and range testing I would be all for it.
Raise raise the age.
Well I mean if you think the NRA would be all for that.
I don't care I don't give a crap I mean you know I don't give a crap I mean it's it's it's a responsibility I take very seriously.
But the thing is this I think I also think it's way too easy it is way too easy.
Another thing I wanted to say I'm driving down the pometta day first time I've been in that area and I had to pull off the side of the road.
Whoever put up the billboard for sunny hurts I mean they're a mention I mean I had to stop at the spot.
Yeah I take a glance I don't only see the guy in you know in little black and white photos sometimes in the paper and the IOD thing but you know it's nice to see his face I don't know if you you're aware of that.
Yeah something called about yesterday it was a nice touch.
Yeah it was very nice you know I mean God bless sunny hurts you know.
Okay and God bless you Neil.
And have a great day.
And don't sneeze again.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
I mean that this is one of the reasons that I gave up doing that kind of talk years ago because I arguing these things with people who are boneheads.
I mean it's like a religion thing I just do that because it agitates a lot of people and because somebody needs to say it.
Somebody needs to say the truth.
But arguing guns in America it's like it's like saying well that's that's ban professional sports.
Yeah right.
Let's not let's make it illegal to fire off firecrackers on the 4th of July huh.
I think that's ever going to happen.
No.
That may be the end of the 4th of July.
No.
Let's make it illegal to drink beer on the holidays you know.
No.
Let's here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Yeah it was going on.
How you doing sir?
A couple things.
I think that movie for somewhere somebody said something about movie called Heather's.
I haven't seen it.
But somebody said a movie called Heather's that might have been something.
No it was the basketball diary.
I'm sure it was a dream sequence.
He was having a fantasy scene.
Oh fantasy scene.
He was the nevertheless that's what they showed us.
You know, people on the French code were always clashed.
Corrections are one of the Howard Piles I call this.
The Howard is not anti-gun.
Howard has a few guns.
And at the time, a forever becomes on the show and he doesn't have to go.
You need to know all the guns.
Don't you get a predict yourself this and that would ever.
And to us today of course that's the best.
I don't get listened.
I don't listen to somebody because they agree with all my opinions.
That's his business whether he has a gun or not if he's responsible with it.
I don't have a problem with that.
But the pull the stun that he had this guy do on a day one.
Just think of yourself as a parent.
You're sitting there, you're terrified.
You're scared, crapless.
Or think of yourself as one of the kids in the school who's watching, who's hiding and cowering.
And watching they had a TV set in every room.
They had one kid call from inside the school.
And they inject this in the middle of it.
Like there's something funny about this.
Yeah, I understand.
What up?
I would say that George is going to start with their how it is daughter there.
I wonder if funny would be if they were playing the same kind of you know.
If they played that call in the year then the letter is over here.
I don't know if funny is daughter would think it's me.
But I'm sure they cleaned that part up and they wouldn't let her let her hear that part.
Okay.
Okay, a good request.
What's your joint?
Okay.
Thanks.
What's going to happen with that radio drop in your opinion?
Oh, the radio.
Yeah, the radio played by play now.
I think obviously Goldie based on his pensioning performance has got to be considered.
Is a serious candidate.
One thing about Steve Goldstein, I think you'll agree with the Joe, you don't better than anybody in all seriousness.
I respect the work that Steve Goldstein puts in.
Be it preparing for a Panther radio broadcast.
I've had the fortune of working with Joe at QA or not with Joe but with Goldie at QAAM.
And Joe, I think that Goldie is a hard worker and I really respect that.
And I think he's got to be considered the next.
Well, you have been strong.
How do you go, Ram?
You have bastard, he's who got it.
You have that bit of death.
And you know, when that's what you said, I don't buy it.
I don't buy it.
I find that.
You got it.
You get the who we're out the moon, man.
And I'm for the sake.
And I'm for the sake.
And I'm for the sake.
Oh.
So you're asking me, oh, why does he do that?
It's just his nature.
It's like a leech that attaches, not Brian leech, a leech that attaches itself to your like shoulder, your neck.
It's his nature.
Like a vampire.
Like Bella Logosi.
Why does he suck blood?
It's in his nature.
It's his way.
It's his thing.
And remember, his thing is being an askissor.
Good guy, but a real askissor.
How about tomorrow night?
56670560, 0560 on the 18t.
Oh, it was just a joke.
As he turns red in the face, it was just a joke.
Oh, yeah, right.
Here's a lady, mobile and candle.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm doing great.
I totally agree with you, Neil.
Well, this is becoming the Wild Wild West all over again.
Everybody wants to have a gun.
Everybody wants to use it at the spur of the moment.
And nobody's being responsible for these kids, for these guns that they're, they can get faster than an easier, that they can get drunk.
And God forbid, anyway, she'd talk about that because then we get all the, you know, the gun lovers out.
We get the all the cliches like that jackass parent before.
Oh, guns don't kill people.
There's a guy.
I can't think for himself.
All he is is mind is filled with cliches that somebody else he've been there.
He's scary as a parent.
I mean, I hate to see how he treats his kids.
But in any case, my husband and I are avid hunters.
We hunt the 34 month a year that it's a lot here in Florida.
We got to say, go to Texas.
And we're not parents.
And we have a big guy at the time.
Well, what are the high huffa Texans?
We hunt goose, quail, ducks.
Yeah.
Beer.
And you know, you're having big things at the house and all our children's
children's family.
Yes.
Oh, sorry, man.
You're going to be bound.
He's gone.
It's hanging on my wall.
Poor family.
But in any case, we are responsible hunters.
All our hunting equipment is locked in a big safe, that even I fit in it.
And you know, these parents want to be protected.
They're saying, case somebody breaks in, and case something happens.
95% of the time, the gun is not used for anything.
But you know, kids trying to be curious.
You're not going to catch a burglar in your house.
Very rare to be found in that kind of environment.
Well, let me ask you this.
What kind of an imbecile?
Say, I mean, if you're that kind of a person that leaves guns in any kind of a place in a drawer
unlocked, unsecured somehow, that your kids can get a hold of it.
What kind of a person does that?
How irresponsible can that person possibly be?
And how could that person have had the right to somehow reproduce?
I thought this.
They have that kind of a problem.
Those people ought to be castrated immediately just to make sure they don't make any mistakes.
I think that they would have been more babies.
Yeah, I think we'll be done all of a sudden yesterday that mothers should get together,
everybody should get together against the NCAA and put a lot tougher regulations on guns,
especially handguns, and things are easily accessible.
Now, was that before after she said that was the jury's springersfall?
Well, no.
That was flying off that edge there.
Irracional effected by the Irracional effected.
Yeah, but I believe we've all stand up against it.
The other side of it is that we all need to watch each other's kids.
Their parents are just too busy and unfortunately both parents have to work nowadays to support the family.
And we're not sometimes taking care of our kids and looking after them.
And as neighbors, as parents, as cousins, we have the responsibility to watch over somebody else's kid
if we see some weird behavior.
So we all need to pay attention to everybody's children.
I mean, hearing that all these children were going off in the neighborhood with these two kids,
what do they think it was?
The fourth of July, like it was practice, or something?
Yeah, honestly, how can nobody notice that these kids had a problem?
I mean, the head on a wet thought, you know, Hitler's birthday, something wrote testicles going to happen.
They threatened the one kid they were going to kill him last year and nobody did anything about that.
They did everything that put up a billboard saying,
guess what? We're going to do something really wrote test.
And everybody said, yeah, okay.
Yeah, there were so many signs and I can't believe nobody cared.
And it's everybody's responsibility.
Okay.
Say how to say how to pambi.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Just before he takes his last breath, oh, I'm sorry, bambi.
Poor bambi.
Oh, he's dead.
Okay.
5670560, pont 560.
I mean, how can people shoot a deer?
And then they come on, oh yeah, why do you know the overpopulation problem?
We're doing them a favor.
They have the overpopulation problem in China, too, that we go over and shoot them all?
I'm not going to tell you what George said.
Okay, I won't repeat it.
What George said.
I'll just pretend I didn't hear it through the glass.
I heard it.
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I agree that a big part of the problem is guns, but I think the bigger part of the problem is that these kids have access to a mainstream education.
What does that mean?
Well, it's a mainstream education.
The two kids in Colorado were arrested or they broke into a car.
Once you do something like that, stick them in a special school.
Don't let them in a school with normal, well-abiding kids.
So in other words, they could have killed some kids in a special school, without what you're saying?
What I'm saying is, like the kid in Kentucky brought a gun to school one time, and they let him back in the school serving his kids.
Sir, you're absolutely correct.
You should never have been let back in the school, and in a million years, you're right.
And if you put these kids in the school, he should have been put in a juvenile hall somewhere.
You're right.
And if they put these kids in a school with each other, they just kill themselves, left jail space, we need 20 years from now.
Okay, great. Thanks.
See? Well, I said before he, that's why he got to it.
Yeah, put them in a school with other punks, so you know, they broke into a car.
They deserve to be shot, right?
No.
Gains simplistic, ridiculous. Why are we doing this?
Why am I doing this to myself again today?
I wouldn't even brought this up other than from that facts from this John guy.
About all, if you woke up with a big black guy, with a black ski man, I see that you know, you're, you're, you're whiteed out the, you're whiteed out.
And part of that expression.
I mean, if it was a white guy, with a black ski man, it's going to be a six inch knife.
I wouldn't be concerned about that.
What's that?
It's the first time I ever saw a mirror in my hand, you know, I think it wasn't a check.
What is that?
A flexible spending account benefit thing.
Oh, by the way, George is getting this 200 bucks, I'm playing the monthly on his check this week.
Oh, I got it. I already got it.
I think I got it.
Did Bluff get his death net?
No.
No. No.
Okay, whoever's got George in the office pool, you win.
If you bet on dust desk, well, you lose.
But he's got that two little hightcher in there.
Get down on your hand and ease and lick my boots.
No.
She R E C T I O N.
If the wreck doesn't die.
Oh, right.
I'm gonna kick off my shoes, drip off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you, Dad.
Yes.
A big, big wreck, duh.
Yeah.
That's too big for a lie, Dad.
I want it mercenary and a top of you.
And take it up my lubricated hoops, dude.
Give me an air breakdown.
No.
Nails to the wall.
R E C T I O N.
I want a drink, your ball.
I want to laugh while he out here when he's too sturdy.
And then I'll give it a blow.
He's a warning-ish-it.
And big-ass-it.
That creeps-sun till you take up his.
I want a wreck on his surround.
You're closing to.
And make your wonderworm explode with glue.
That's a miracle.
And his son, Sir, comes by.
He R E C T I O N.
I want a drink, your ball.
Maybe he's watching.
Tony Shale's watching.
I don't think so.
But Jeff is not over there to pizza lot.
And the day where we need lots and lots of pizzas for our friend,
because they are daughters.
It's bringing your daughter to work day.
And Sabrina's here.
And Jeff, uh, uh, a high daughter is here.
And Greg reads-
I just moved right along.
Greg reads daughter is here.
Don't start with Jeff.
I'm making noises about him and all that stuff.
And about how his daughter put on that bratty act over there at Paxton.
And about all that other stuff you always talk about.
Same old stories, even though they're true, but nevertheless.
So we got to add dilemma there.
What are we going to do about that?
I can't give Jeff a little bit more time.
To a call.
He might be listening to the whole thing.
Yeah, we'll give Jeff a lot of five minutes to call us in.
If he might be listening now or somebody get a hold of ponytail.
And if not, we're going to have to get a whole bunch of pizzas from someplace else.
Let's try his mobile phone.
It didn't work.
Maybe he's at the gym again.
Maybe he's over to Jeff Rimmers.
Maybe he took Jeff out to lunch.
You know, he said, how about tomorrow?
Alcohol, things in town.
You know, maybe they're out, uh, yeah.
Doing that.
Together.
Here's the fact that's kind of interesting.
He says, I think it's interesting that all the gun huggers in religion is to Zimada
Facts.
Most right wingers need to refer to anecdotes in order to prove their alleged point.
Such as the fact you received would say if somebody busted your home of three amitsetorin
So on, wouldn't you wish you had a gun then?
Or if you knew you were dying in a Mr. Ratio accept Jesus, et cetera, and so on.
They need to fall back on the anecdotes because they have no facts.
It's a matter of fact, all the facts are against them.
Yes, sir, right?
And it goes on and on.
Yes, sir, you're right.
But don't confuse them with the facts because they don't want to hear from the facts.
They don't know from the facts.
Another facts.
56670560, pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Yes, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Good.
My call earlier the week and explained to you briefly how idiotic some of these callers are
that call in here.
And that last call.
You don't have to explain that to me.
Yeah, that was a perfect example of the last call.
I know a good call from a bad call.
I'm still waiting for a good call.
Well, here's a good call for you.
The reason, let me address this.
How do you today, I mean, period, go ahead.
This issue with the guns and the kids, I really think the main problem with this.
And there's so many different problems.
What the main problem with this is the families of today don't communicate with their kids anymore.
They're parents, if they have to work, they don't have a relationship with their parents,
their grandparents.
You know, my parents had a part of my life.
Everything that I did, my parents had a part of my life.
I couldn't go into my basement if I had one and sneak 30 bombs down there and make them.
Without my parents knowing anything about it, I couldn't let alone sneak a girl in my room for 10 minutes.
You know, but the problem with this is there's no commitment.
There's no communication with families anymore.
In regards to the handguns, there's no way you're going to ever eliminate them.
It'd be a help if they passed laws to help it out a little.
But, you know, the most secure place, supposedly, in the U.S. nowadays, is our jail system, supposedly.
Okay? And they're able to sneak things in, guns, knives, form gangs, whatever you want to call it.
They're able to do it in there.
So there's no way to ever eliminate any of that kind of stuff.
But, you know, passing laws will help.
It starts in the families and the religion, whatever religion it is.
They need to be involved in as well.
No, religions really do a great job on them.
Well, I'm not saying they are, but I think it helps to form some kind of base there.
Not only with the family, but with your religion, whatever religion they be.
I couldn't disagree with you more.
I don't think that religions have anything to do with knowing that you don't choose people.
It's just plain common sense.
It's just common decency.
All the brainwashing, all the religious bull crap doesn't change anybody.
No, it doesn't.
It doesn't.
And, you know, I don't even have kids yet, Neil.
And I don't know what I'm going to do when I do.
It's really a shame.
Okay.
But thank you, Apple.
Good day.
See you at the passport office.
56070560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I want to let you know I don't know on the gun and I agree with you 100%.
But who is going to stop this?
If our government steps in and puts the stock to this, they'll do a good job as they did with the drug situation.
We're in FESTA with that.
They do a good job when they try to stop alcohol.
They start a prohibition.
I think that if they stop the guns, what they're going to do is create a major black market.
Which is going to be very likely we don't already have one.
We're ever going to have one.
It'll be worse.
Neil, it'll be worse.
You don't know.
I don't think you can eliminate all this crap.
I never said we ought to eliminate all this crap.
What I did say is that people have to be responsible with them.
And if they're not, they're going to have to be a telecomable for whatever happens.
If you buy a gun and you leave it out and your kid blows his brains out or somebody else,
you're going to have to be held accountable for it.
I'm trying to figure out how all these intercity kids have all these guns available.
Like down here, while we've tried by shootings and crap like that.
And Oozies, they're not getting them from their parents.
Oozies?
I don't understand where these are coming from.
So I think it's going to be probably where.
I think our country is too far gone already.
It's really a shame.
And I'm well full glad my daughter is at a school already.
It's getting worse and worse and worse.
We're in a step forward.
I don't know what the hell is going to happen here.
OK, I'll see you on the plane.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello.
Hey, and how you doing?
OK, sir.
I got a novel idea here.
According to the Constitution, we have the rights of bear arms.
Nothing says in the Constitution, you have the rights of bear bullets.
So they restrict the sale.
OK, great. Bullards guns are there.
There's a gun. Don't kill people. Bullards kill people.
Right. That's a good point.
Oh, boy. He's got a point.
You know, he's got a real point.
How old point?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's go out and kill some deer.
Come on. Let's shoot, Bambi.
Have some fun. Let's go out and shoot some deer.
I'm surprised. You know, I'm surprised Santa Claus can still get around.
I'm surprised somebody ain't shot those reindeer yet.
You know what? That poor Rudolph.
I wonder he keeps kissing so much noise.
I wonder if it's brood off the brown nose reindeer now.
Maybe that's a rumors thing, you know?
Maybe he learned from Rudolph.
If you just kiss enough cottage cheese,
that adds you'll be safe all the time.
Maybe that's what that's all about.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Guns don't kill people. Bullards kill people.
Excellent, sir. Not bad.
I like it.
There's nothing there. It says we have to have loaded guns.
You can have guns, even though it says we have a well-regulated militia.
But you can have guns just no bullets.
I like it.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hello, dear.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I own guns, okay?
I've been 100% agreement with you now.
Okay.
I used to be a member of the NRA.
Okay.
I'm not a member of the NRA anymore.
Yeah. Why is that?
Well, a couple of years ago,
when they came out with a Brady Bill,
the NRA turned around and they were just flat out against it.
Right.
Now, I agree that it's kind of a feel-good law.
But if it would save just one or two lives,
hey, why not?
The law-abiding citizen,
they shouldn't have a problem with the Brady Bill.
I don't have a problem with it.
Another thing was, if you remember Bob Dole,
if it was, he was pushing for, what was it?
He didn't want plastic guns or something, right?
And he was with the NRA, I mean,
that's right.
He said that plastic guns should be allowed.
Why would you want a plastic gun, right?
So somebody would end to interview Bob Dole
and they snuck in a plastic gun.
And he pulled it out and he was like,
see, I could get this in there without the metal detectors.
And Bob Dole, you know, he was all I rate and stuff.
But the NRA came out and they were like, well,
you can't restrict plastic guns, you know?
They were a fanatical society, basically.
They're gun lovers.
They don't really, I mean, that's a lie.
But they don't want any restrictions on guns here.
So they don't.
Everybody could like, you have a holster on your hip, you know?
And just like the old Wild West, that's what they want.
But see, I agree with you 100% that if you do own guns,
you have to have them locked up and you have to take responsibility.
But they don't.
Let me say it again.
This is like a dog chasing its tail.
The American public collectively are not responsible enough
to be trusted with guns.
They just can't do it.
Yeah, well, you know, you have so many of that.
I mean, I learned like I said yesterday,
well, you give the keys to a car to a 60-year-old kid.
Of course not.
And that's what they've done with the guns in the hands of these American people.
They're lunatics. They're irresponsible.
You know, I'm all for, like I said, you know,
there's got to be some kind of testing or anything for, you know,
because these people, they don't have a felony,
but they'll go out.
And first of all, they shouldn't even have kids.
But they have guns sitting in the house with the kids.
Yeah.
And the kids won't go ahead and get a hold of it, you know?
And every single day, every week of your life,
there are kids killing themselves with each other with daddy's gun or somebody's gun
that was laying around.
Every day.
You have to say to yourself,
these people shouldn't be parents because I have a two-year-old daughter
and I wouldn't want her to stick her hand in a light socket.
So I put things there so they protect it.
Well, I sure it's had care enough about them not to leave a loaded gun around.
But these people, they just don't think about it.
So first of all, they shouldn't even be parents.
They're not responsible enough to have it.
So definitely they're not responsible enough to have guns.
So believe me, not all gun owners disagree with you.
Okay.
Okay.
I have a good one.
You know, Rosie or Donald may have had a bit of a point, even though she didn't realize it.
I think what we know how we solve this, part of the problem,
we go around surreptitiously, you know, knocking on people's doors
and if they're watching Jerry Springer,
immediate forced sterilization right on the spot.
Huh?
That would solve a lot of the problem.
No questions asked.
You know, we have like a little team of doctors.
Okay, come on in, guys.
Here we go.
So, snip.
Here's a mobile on the alley.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
First time I'm calling to love your show.
Uh-huh.
My point on gun is we're afraid to educate our children on curiosity.
I mean, kids are going and getting these guns because they're curious.
If we go ahead and educate our kids on what the danger of gun is,
and those gun pairs that do own guns take to get up to the range
and show them what their are capable of,
I think will eliminate that curiosity for them.
Number two, I think that the government knows that we're all bunch of lunatics.
And I personally think that we don't put,
there are emphasized more restrictions on guns because it's more of that's like population control.
It is.
Yeah.
Yeah, you guys look at this way.
All guns were eliminated.
Our blacks were really killed off blacks, the whites were really killed off whites, you know.
Yeah.
We'd be all populated.
Well, maybe that's an idea.
If we got neighborhoods that are overpopulated,
maybe the government can just go in and hand out guns.
That's not the problem pretty fast.
Oh, maybe it's not so much hand out guns, but...
Yeah, hand them out.
That would be such a bad idea.
Okay, thanks.
There you go.
But that's going to solve our overpopulation problem.
It's a lot easier than tell people to stop making so many babies and they don't think it's like plant parenthood,
which just the sound of that sounds like a commie pinco conspiracy to me, right?
Isn't that a commie pinco?
Oh, yeah.
Plant parenthood.
The feeding message was furnished by the NFS.
National felonly.
Thank you.
It's 1131 at 560.
We got Hank Goldberg at 2.
We got Kimberbolt Camp over at 6.
And Kaplan at 10 o'clock.
We odds on things that haven't been invented yet.
So we're getting food from my Arnold.
Is that what it is?
Because when we tried ponytail, but again, you have two days in a row.
You're right.
That would be a little bit too much pressure on him.
Great guy, by the way, Jeff Cohen.
Got some wild stories he'll tell you.
If you promise not to repeat them.
Here's a Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I got two reasons.
Number one, I'm sick of these hunting people.
There's no reason to be hunting.
This is 1990.
Yeah, but Bambi needs some attention.
You need hunting.
You go crossbow bow and arrow.
There's no reason to have a rifle that can shoot from 300 yards.
You know what I mean?
It's ridiculous.
There's no reason for that.
And another quick statement is wing.
They don't want to shoot them from 300 yards.
What would your crossbow?
What do you do?
Like 50 feet away?
Yeah, well, whatever.
Even if you use a crossbow, look close and look at me.
I think there's one for you.
Yeah.
I mean, there's no reason to have guns.
They really isn't.
Yeah.
Another thing is when you're playing.
There's no reason to have bombs.
There's no question to have guns.
But that's the human F and race for you, man.
That's the way we are.
Exactly.
I'm talking about things.
You know, the hunting excuse is just washed out.
It's just ridiculous.
Okay.
I got a statement for wing.
Yes, sir.
Another thing is when he made that press conference when he said that he would not play if they built
them an arena in Broward.
Right.
When he didn't write so far.
He would never lie.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oh, there's the call of the year right there.
Excellent point.
They will not play there.
Maybe that's the reason because they haven't played a lick in that arena.
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
Okay.
If Broward County would change their mind and decided they wanted to build this facility.
Yeah.
I will not play here.
You can't do a team I guess.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
Okay.
So I guess we're screwed for like at least another nine years anyway.
Then we can say it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That must be a John Hennesse daughter.
How much said John?
5, 1, say that.
How are you doing sweetheart?
And there's Carlos and there's everybody.
We got the whole so what's the deal we got food coming in here or what?
About 40 minutes.
40 minutes we got way our old coming in left here but it makes me very sad because it makes me think that we won't be seeing our good friend Murray.
You think he's in heaven now?
He's in that fast food restaurant in the sky.
Number in Faso.
He's in heaven now.
I wasn't in a panel case the nephew who was in the panel case of it.
I'm not talking about Murray Jesus.
I mean I'm not going to go into it.
I'm not going to go into that again because then that guy will call again.
You're promoting your anti-religion agenda.
I got so many agendas man.
I better hurry up and talk fast.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
I read this for students in Carole.
The morning for coming in with French codes.
Like French codes.
Coming in where?
At the white school near Denver.
At what high school near Denver?
The high school is closed sir.
Good luck.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT and Bobbibui by the way.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
How's the meal?
How you doing?
Okay sir.
Good.
I wanted to go back to a caller that called like I guess about 5 or 6 calls ago.
And he made the statement.
He'd like to know where people in the inner city and all of these people are getting guns and who these from.
Does he live on another planet?
Yes.
He must because you've talked about it.
It's been in the papers millions of times.
Yeah.
That what these guns come from are the gun shows.
You don't have to go through a background check.
Yeah.
Or the lock in with your cash money.
Right.
You can pick up anything under the sun.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Probably by the end of the year we probably be able to buy our own nuclear weapons right over the internet.
Okay sir.
There he goes.
He's a little worked up and rightfully so you know those gun shows you know.
Like I said they run those spots on the show for those gun shows and I want to make sure you understand I have no control over that whatsoever.
And I've always made very very clear that I find the whole concept of that crap.
But nevertheless, you know the gun lover's got to have some outlets somewhere.
5, 6, 7.
And I noticed by the way Ken Jenny while you're busy busting the swing clubs and everything else where somebody might be touching itself.
You know the gun clubs.
Yes they don't bother you.
Okay the gun shows.
Because guns are good although I wait till he finds out they were phallic symbol and he might get really pissed off about that.
He might get porced off about it.
Fascist sure of Ken Jenny.
Oh what a what a loser he turned out to be huh?
It's amazing you know before they get in there it's like God or one thing like Alex penis.
He's got to make sure Mickey Harrison don't get a free ride.
We're not going to do that.
And then all of a sudden he gets elected and by the big he makes a quick right turn at the pass.
Well you know he's paying for the arena yet.
For the building of the arena who's going to pay for it for the next hundred years huh?
Here's the lady in Aventura.
Hello?
Oh this phone is the look at that.
Four times I had to put my finger on it and the phone too.
Here's the lady in Aventura.
Hello?
Good morning.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I feel two key words are role models.
I feel in my day our parents were...
You mean my Cecil Collins yeah?
We're examples of what to follow.
Today the parents don't they drink.
They take drugs.
They don't too busy for their children.
You have your athletes.
You can't even look up to your athletes.
Dennis Rodman, Darrell Strawberry.
How about the one that choked his coach?
You move these stores in my day if they had an affair or something.
They were out of Hollywood.
What's this with all the...
Shall we say a fatherless children that big?
That's American.
That's what I'm telling you.
The priorities of this country are upside down.
The so-called sports fans of America that go back to the latrine,
the spree wells of the world.
We had a guy called in yesterday admitted because he signed with a nix
which he just got for its fine 25 grand for opening his mouth
and make it stupid comments about wanting to be traded.
But nevertheless he went to his team
to all the Sunday roots for him.
See, I can't buy that.
And my ring scum, you're right.
And my ring scum, it filters down to the kids.
What kind of a message does that send to the kids?
You can't eat.
The scum bag is a good thing.
You can't even look up to the preaches.
All the ones that have been arrested.
How about even...
There's a random answer you can't look up to.
Who?
The president you can't look up to.
What will happen?
Well, depends on where you're laying at the time.
I said it depends on what position you're in at the time.
You're right.
You can look up to him.
You're right.
But it happens to be standing.
And really, and I think the way the children dress today in school
has a lot to do with their attitude also.
I think uniforms is a good thing.
Oh, no.
No uniforms.
I'm sorry.
We've part company on that.
No uniforms.
It brings up those images of the little brown shirts in Germany to Hitler.
You...
I don't think you're going to get that.
It's because you put somebody in a certain kind of clothing.
It doesn't change what time you got.
How about a dress coat?
How about a dress coat?
How about a dress coat?
I agree with that then.
I still want to know how come a bunch of punks in black trench coats
were allowed to come to school every day.
Well, I don't think that...
What kind of school is that?
I don't think that city payed it or a night my heart goes out to that family.
Please don't judge me on that.
But I don't think the families paid attention.
Perhaps the families of these children...
Well, somebody had their head in the ground.
Somebody was doing the ostrich routine.
Well, what about their families?
Are they neo-nazis?
If they allowed their children to have swastikas in their room?
You will find out.
I think it's very scary.
We're number one in murderous country in the world.
Right.
And we're the richest country in the world.
What about a number one in something?
We're number one in something!
Have a great day this week.
In a two day.
Bye-bye.
We're number one, Goddammit.
And if it only happens to be murdering each other,
why do you have to be number one in something?
Right?
There you go.
The media is sick and needs help, Dadland.
Here.
Here.
We call Beckland to throw them to south.
We died on deep-fried fire now.
We loved to flee the dirt in the campaign.
We prayed a lot in church.
On my foot to next the smudge.
And then bought only new goods at the spray hall.
I just held this on a sack.
He hates the nice guy cut the slack.
And from the Joneses I knew poster games.
We saw the help of the bum.
All the staff at 100 clubs.
And I think that that's the chair that was his name.
Yes.
We ran away right.
And need a chance.
We find a poster clinic.
And we've lost the toll.
We're mostly white.
And sperm retention.
Here's our thing.
There you did.
I'm caught.
We ran away right.
We all look and read the same.
And hate the game.
And she's the same.
And fear the things that we don't understand.
Richard Nixon was like us.
Well, his face grew.
And he was like a star of the buzz.
So I think we also give our big a hand.
96 will be in swing.
And beat the dims like a rock making.
Well, don't the red and blue just keep the white.
A little boss that I straight.
Just don't let this near your place.
And hope there's no more books for him to cry.
We ran away.
And need a chance.
We find a poster clinic.
And we've lost the toll.
Are you?
We're mostly white.
And sperm retention.
The two of us are in the red and blue.
Here's what I think that you did.
I'm caught.
We're mainly in the winter rides.
That's the beginning of the hit.
12.47 at 5.60 WQAM on a really bizarre Thursday.
That's all I can say.
It's bizarre.
I'm just feeling bizarre.
5670560.
the pound five sixty on the eighteen two miles from me we should be talking about
important things you know like the NFL draft post mortem
here's a mobile in for a lot of the law
meal got it yes sir
all good afternoon
uh... the fear hunters they are just a pan the ass
uh... what is the
that's what band you said
yeah exactly you imagine you're just out there grazing the old graph
yeah
bottled bean bottled boom bottled bean bottled boom
what is one for your bandy here's another one just in case
like hot and you know a big dog or something it's not that much of a sport
or a challenge
a uh... what
what is one of what kind of a person that takes to shoot a deer yes seriously
what
what you're interested
would you like to sit down across the table i mean any far across the
table
and look at first any i haven't got to shoot a deer
i mean i'm not gonna be such a hypocrite i'm a double for group of michigan i
know you did some time in michigan
i've been on the time in michigan well
you know that you know that you know how
popular it is up there with them
crazy
here is your
i've had it
your killer's baby killers
another question
how was the idea
take it
yeah depending on how you cook in the game
yellow game
not yet
window carcass you ever want to stand in
window carc uh...
i didn't think so
and shallow so i know chiles did all this time i don't want to hear his name i
can't stand any makes me ill i cannot stand in
d.i.s.a.m. and had to last night by the
like brine muri said too bad he's too small to be a great player that you
need to be a
gone brine
anything they call him b.m.
okay goalie scope out there you go
the one against i'm tracking that hockey stuff that buffalo out of a game
pretty good last night dominant cashy he made a good one in particular but he
made several say that was spectacular but one
that was just unbelievable like on a two-on-one situation right in front of
the past across the gulm up
to the open man on the other side he got over there i have no idea how
why it is unbelievable
he is spectacular the dominated the uh... whatever he is
you don't care about that
you're still worried about what you know did the bears get a running back
uh... don't get yourself started talking about that stuff again you're
gonna be very aggravated okay
no she's i'm picking myself talk about narrow casting even of the sports
nerds how many people listening to this radio station during the sports
hours could really give a flying craft if the guy that minnesota Vikings
or the chicago bears got a uh... you know uh... free safety if they got a uh...
whatever they got
how many but we're narrowing it down to a precious few it's a miracle we get
the numbers we do on the station
because they let these colors call in with such narrow narrow like uh... who cares
those guys play here anywhere around here
uh... same get carried away you're right
like i said we need more
teamwork
here's a mobile in my any hello
yeah you know what i'm sick of is all these uh... left wing wackos out there
to the right
yeah
like your last call you know trying to tell everybody what to do what to think
what they can do
i thought that would be right when lack of everybody what to do
well any of the other time i'm against you know i'm not
let me say that we have left one lack of the time but what to think of what to do
it's the right wing rack was on as well we can read
that's what you try to put out
no no so that is a way we try to put out that's the fact i mean you can say this
and people just laugh at you anybody with a brain or that's not true
well you know the left is right now hold no doubt about it
the left is right and the right is left and ever the two inch on me there you go
that's right it's all those leftist commie pinkos those are the ones invading
everybody's bedrooms trying to censor movies and books
burning books burning down abortion claims those are all left wingers right
huh am i right
yeah
and this guy was serious that's the best part you know see again you're just another
you're another one of those clones pal they must stamp you out in the factory
an ideologue you know a right wing or a left wing or a middle wing or a no
winger a center of defense men we could use a good center by the way in the
panthers let's get Marty struck back i said to remember last night how do i
like to have struck a back at center between ray Whitney and pop
albera he said yeah of course he just an ask us or anyway so he might not
like that idea you know Jeff rumor what's going to happen with that radio
job and you're here's a mobile in the gable so long
you know this or hey um for these people that believe that this can't happen in
their school i'm sure you remember that believe that that these shootings won't
happen in the school believe that now at this point now that we know can happen
people that says well that's they're just isolated incidents you go look here
and i'm not only did it happen in the school but they were able somehow to plant
these thirty explosive devices in the parking lot and most of them inside the
school how are they able to do that what were they doing like in their after hours
how did they do this lack of lack of supervision somebody wasn't paying any
attention but what i was going to tell you that you remember back in eighty
six they had a shootout of panels park high school and that's where i went to
school i was there at the time i can imagine what these kids are going through
i was on the other side of the concourse when some kid because he got an
f blew away the dean blew away a cap terrier worker shot a human resource
officer and one of the two students and uh... you know and i still think about
that even now when every time i see one of these things i just cringe kids with guns
kids with guns i mean can you can you think of anything scarier in the world and kids
with guns that maybe kids with nuclear weapons which probably won't be far off
well i can tell you what also is just as bad i'm from uh... arkinson virginia
and uh... up there believe her not they were they are they wonder why because
actually petition the state legislatures guilty use eight people to seven four
deer hunting and animal hunting
yeah i didn't need that kind of firepower
how about an uzi
that's probably the next step i don't want to just won't be leaving line there
bleeding that that would be cool and unusual punched in relation to the dead
in the door now i guess they just want to uh... blow away the rest of the
years all that's left is the antlers there you go well hey they make nice
the trophies on the man will have a great life sir
they look really good up to make a real butch and macho man like they're like
people take home the big fish you know they can't they you don't even eat it
they you know keep it as a trophy
and i got i got me the big one i got me the big one man oh man
see guys who really have a big one that's uh... you know
they have a trouser trout
because you don't have any trouser trout they got to go out and get the big one
with a fish hook
or gun but i mean no i don't care what you do within reason just to leave
reasonable people alone and animals etc
do no harm all i'm sorry we can't do that
that woman before they're called about going out hunting deer she just uh...
depressed the hell out of me i mean not that i'm naive or not that i mean do what
you want sweetheart it's legal
and i hope you sleep real well tonight in the night to come and i'm sure you do
because it's uh... you know it's in your blood
shooting little defensive defensive animal like it they say defensive
defenseless little animals beautiful animals like that shooting
putting out of their misery because they're overpopulating
well they're overpopulating all over the world so we go around shoot them too
somebody always suggested that
how about we stop the overpopulating the poverty pissed off but other than that
see a one thing you fail to understand that nobody wants to talk about
is this is a country i you can remember used to be a hundred million people all
of a sudden i can remember the world used to be less than two billion people
now there's five billion it's teeming with people
and it's country that used to be a hundred million that's two hundred and sixty
million people it won't be long before three hundred million people
lots and lots more people lots and lots more problems no resources no time no
interest no energy to take care of people into problems and we look at these
things so now we got like teeming people and so i mean it's just a numbers game
if you have a billion people there's going to be some crazy people is going to be
some dangerous people but she's can't just keep reproducing like rabbits
like cockroaches and let's just keep listening to all those fetus huggers
the crazy people throwing themselves in front of uh you know buses in front of
police the patty wagon uh throwing themselves on the ground to save the
the nebulous unborn fetus but the people who are alive did they care about them
no they have anything to say about the thing that happened in Denver
no you only care about unborn life in fact i wouldn't be surprised if some of
them are like saving some sperm huh i'm not going to tell you where they're
getting them or how here's a mobile in Miami hello
it puts the bullet in the car yeah okay great very funny here's the Hollywood
hello hello neo yes sir what kind of role model the
packet radio host i don't know why you listening sir you learning something
you're learning something about life in the show sir
learning about baggage good well you're the great we're going to be having
several more of mine by the way before most of them for your neighborhood by
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
adventurer hello adventurer hey Neil i even baggage you with each other they have to go
on a journey don't show first pretty good sir let me tell you something you got some real
winners calling up that guy with the population control theory yeah that guy is really
yeah you know i i want this last book that just called he's a genius yeah well he's just a
president idiot let me tell you something uh this country is it's a wonderful country i love
this waterhouse it is not a water why do you water why do you know i don't tell
us say it's a wonderful country it's not a wonderful country it's a barbaric slaughterhouse
i don't have to compare what compare to a lot of the other countries no wrong
we're where have you been let me finish i'm listening where do you finish we suffer from one
problem why do you want to answer that question where what are the copies of that answer it let me
i'm listening let me finish we suffer from one problem that is that we think we know everything
and we think we know how to do things right we can take a clue from european countries like
England where pandans are illegal have you been there yes i have and the bobby's walk around
without guns and there's no gun problems and they're low and it's a democracy and people are
living their lives yeah i don't have a lot of them because they're not getting the same
vote for amendment right but that's safer yes you know what i mean yeah i know what you mean thank you
okay twelve fifty seven and five sixty wq and don't miss the biggest autumn
motive event of the air see sir i would let you go on but we got important commercials to do
now and on this radio station commercials far super seed any stuff you may have to say even if
you got the cure even if you got the cure to cancer the solution for all the problems in the world
we got spots okay sir so i apologize
oh
all right i'm gonna think the time is right
uh
for me to touch my body
but one part there on my body is just giving me a clue uh
uh so i got to look twice
and find myself a highway and i know one good highway and i trust that room
oh i find my plate boys there creamy lotion put the towel right down on the floor
oh i'm for my with action in that tall motion and i pray to no one accidentally
open something door because i got a masturbator i got a masturbator
oh right i got a masturbator i got a masturbator i got a masturbator i got a masturbator
you and all the screw-colds that are in groups about the company
and you must and you write it on this and stamp out this awful assessment of arguing
you can do it by bringing about compulsory education on the subject of my ethics in general
but bright water water he's particular because it is only through enlightenment
but this scourge can be what's up after the traffic in really is growing
a long as most of the people scarcely estimate as grown and is now publishing
it exists in almost every city and family in the country
i've received a letter of life-oring importance from a member of the narcotics guru
i'm going to read this letter to you my idea doctor cattle the suppression of reuse of
marijuana and the process working behind it are the most important job is the
department is now engaged in the weed marijuana is growing every stake in the union
the driverism there is are ground up and made in the cigarettes by a simple hand machine
the deadly narcotic is rather quickly and easily prepared for its market the sale of marijuana
is even more difficult to detect and hold when the traffic in drugs such as propium
morphine and heroin or and more vicious more deadly even on these so-called destroying drugs
is the limits of marijuana no doubt many of you do not believe the things do happen
but they tell us happen to you you may also believe that the facts have been exaggerated
let me tell you was something that happened right here in our own city you probably
will be
one
well i'm going to want to be the one of the city but we have some great brownies come in for all
the kids in the building today it's twelve oh four five sixty w two a.m. huh what's wrong with
being a little brownie hunt okay let's go back to the and fact uh oh it's going to be come
are they're going to be spoken the wicked weed here in the building here's them on the year here's
a mobile in four-letter deal hello hello yeah sir okay uh my idea of gun control has been
able to hit your target yeah great okay here you go send over what it is back to shot Neil thank you
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's plantation hello
yeah Neil interesting fact of the day what is it interesting fact of the day
now the Columbia hospital can't steal from the government okay five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line retard they let them off for lunch hour i think it's the
retard hour okay huh okay here's a danie beach hello Neil yes sir oh you got a group today
everyday so it makes it real exciting man which you can't go to the beach today did you hear
one of the solutions of the problem i think mr. heston did you hear what he had to say on the radio
today mr. heston oh yeah he was saying how to lose visually fascist you think that the school should
have armed security guards now right and and he's right how about if every teacher is armed that would be
good well the other thing is i can't how about i got news for let me ask you something because i'm
mentioned about how at the first time i went to roll myself the soldier standing in the middle of the
robe with an uzi on his shoulder how about if we had an armed guard in every classroom standing
right there with an uzi that's what it sounds like yeah what i mean what i can't understand in this
panel where it happens yes i mean these people the law enforcement the educators the guidance
counselor yeah they almost been on another star trek world or something i mean it just seems like how
how could they not have maybe there were listening to too much oblivious newton john music that
needed in the problem i think they just seem so clue they just seem like they had too many signs
too many times you gotta understand they're 1800 kids in that school so like i said before when
you're dealing with the vast massive numbers game we are in america today everybody's just another
number whether it's at the bank at school wherever it is everybody's just another number well i
think that we should like spend our money on the old the sick and and on the young okay all right
buddy okay and i'm getting there fast and i don't mean young five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line no i mean they got important stuff there like when Andrew
Kahnanem came down here you know before he shot Gianni Versailles right there in the head and also
got that dove at the same time and they only goes into the pawn shop takes out his passport gives him
his real name he signs his real name gives him the address at the enormity hotel where he's staying at
and uh... you know the thing goes to the police that sits there under the i mean i realized now they've
changed that because it was bad publicity for that to get out just kind of sat around for a few days
till they had around it to kind of looking at those things all these things just we're just overwhelmed
we're overwhelmed it's a numbers game too many crazy people too many uh babies too many crazy babies
to uh... you know that's it that's what america's all about just spawn out of control
and maybe that's why human life is so meaningless because we got so many more i mean you know if they
kill a bunch of kids there's always a bunch more come along here's a mobile in pember pine hello
hey how you doing me okay listen you know guns are already out of control and you know you were
kidding when you said up you know sooner the teachers are gonna have to start carrying guns
and i think that would be a deterrent yeah right away
i think that it killed all of them i think a whole through on every shoulder would be the ass answer
said absolutely correct right okay thank you there you go there's the answer folks right here on
this show you heard it first just arm your teachers baby kids rose a spitball i'll see what again i'll
tell you that kid the farce real bad and clan oh Johnny won't be doing that no more sticking up
the classroom huh and of course we know that the kids would never like get to gun away from the
teacher but oh well you bad that shouldn't teach you to better control your gun don't let those
little punky kids get a hold of it i got a better idea how about we let the kids and the teachers have
guns now you're talking now you talk about to stand off with the not so okay corral crazy people
you got out wqk where the back of it is
i did just from either way champion to world make Tyson with a legal baby legal what's
legal what's for the day the word hung Joey hung Joey that's the 12 real popular men's
ain't it done ain't it done it's a 12 13 at 5 60 wq i'm happy Thursday to even got
thank gober show come up with two is he in studio they do we know we don't know because they got
the schedule i don't know i better not say it i don't want to say i got the schedule for next week
in here but the one for this week like vanished but uh because then he'll be running here again
maybe he's out to lunch bluster crispy galore ankle beyond it too we got Kim Bo camp where it's six
and Kaplan 10 tonight no ballgame today oh marlin's lost again last night for nothing does
anybody care about that no they'll be back home tomorrow the braids anybody no okay sorry
here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil i think that's a racist commercial that rolling rock he
doesn't like brown things uh but um you know i'm not a hunter and i don't own any handguns but i i think
there's a problem when people that like enjoy eating animals like i do like be first chicken or whatever
oh yeah the don't you understand they're lightly killed my high thought would say they're lightly
killed man no i don't i don't think you'll cry don't bring it in here don't let him come through that
door i don't want it i don't want to see it i don't want to know from it okay i have a great
taste right what he said yeah i love me i love a great stick at root screw somebody killed that damn
exterior you know somebody gave you a bum steer i'm not saying that but i'm saying how can you go
out i mean the animals you know they suck them in the new knowledge and they chop their heads up
and they can smell they they smell of death they smell the death in front of mother on that line
out there in chicago and can do city come on come on little one come on boy here you go oops
use that bolt gun bolt gun bolt gun power right in the head they do it puts a bolt into their head
and pulls it back out again i thought they uh chopped their heads off eventually well they don't
say that right away now the bolt gun is uh you know it's air powered fast yeah and what if they
have bad aim what if they uh all they better do it again do it again and again kind of like the
bullfight the town black of course that's a Spanish thing anyway where we go let's go
to the chanthan oh yeah the bulls got a chance and he got a real chance uh go free they get put
out to stud they do yeah and it happens off how about the picador he don't get none isn't that
that's the Spanish glory hall it's called a picador here's Miami hello yes sir how you doing okay
last color said that you want uh more security in the schools yeah more cops he said no he said
the arm the teachers arm everybody we're in the market we already have a police state yeah we have
a lot better at the point that's the point this guy wants guns teachers students cops paramilitary
we have cops in schools already skinheads yeah and then we got city manny cops or downtown Miami
doing people tickets for jaywalk right i don't i don't i don't have time to copse out there with
their radar guns give me a ticket for going eight miles over the speed limit right i mean they get paid
you got a whole fhp for that does nothing but right speeding tickets right i don't get that you know
i know well it's a police state pal you better you know how can you be uh let me ask you how can
you be uh for force the borschen and then uh against uh who who said forced abortion who said that
yeah i think you want to force sterilization okay for sterilization sterilization precludes the
need for a abortion how can you be for that and then uh against guns well what does that mean
i mean you're uh you're you're taking care of the population either way
oh i see okay thank you great there you go good good concept down brilliant another rocket scientist
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line genius another moron here's
kindle hello good afternoon yes sir uh did you read today's hero as much as i could stomach yeah
yeah that's what i was saying i just want to read you one life line here it's then here to clarify
a point which ledges that we need to focus on gun safety we already do the school system has a
comprehensive circular curriculum for preventing gun violence the vitriol Perez he is the vice
chairman of the school board yeah i mean this is in day county and he's the one who wants to close
schools up so kids can't go out to uh uh lunches but he will have local vendors come to defend so they
like to defend okay i'm walking up at the school thanks for the good news okay thank you
whatever he said the nature of Perez wants one of your people five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the mobile one line here's Fort Lauderdale hello hey Neil yes sir hey how you're
going okay all right uh the car yesterday let's talk you and him we're talking about god and how
you don't believe in god and you know any craze or whatever you're saying you remember yeah
okay i got a few questions for you do you believe in god no well what you just got to say i said
i don't believe in god now we're asking you what even god is this like a uh is that a rhetorical
question i mean why do you call yourself Neil god because it's a joke okay i mean aren't there
people to say oh you don't you when you see somebody that you like you say oh my god look at that
you know i said why do you say oh my god because it's a matter of speech right
doesn't mean a damn thing it's just the words yeah well you're saying you don't believe in god
then you're talking about your god okay puts five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line how do you know who your god is i guarantee it ain't him unless maybe he sends a picture
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line i mean some people
have got the certain gods other people got other gods right grab pick god there you go i won't
you with that maybe a few years ago
bap bap ez
bap bap bap bap bap bap bap
Kelly i think he's dead the double talker that kid out there was even good as job but oh
by the way you know who died yesterday i forgot to talk about it why saw live it in person
who is great many many years ago who is like the lead actor the judiciary garland concert
and radio city musical in New York wait many many many years ago let me give your one said he died
you know how old he was right really say yes yes no way you know how old he was
90.
Try again.
95.
Try again.
102.
Close.
One more year.
103.
Absolutely correct.
I just pulled that out of my ass.
Really?
Just in your went of his.
Yeah.
And he didn't even have any puppets.
He just had his hand with a blonde wig on it and some lipstick on his, you know, in the box.
And the box, yes.
I said, I said, I said, I said, yeah.
He was great.
I'm thinking, to be clear.
He was great.
Great.
And the best part of it is, his lips were really pretty.
He was just moved and he didn't care.
He saw him doing a thing and nobody cared.
He was great.
He was better than that neurotic Judy Garland as I recall.
I was a little kid when we went to New York to see that before.
He was fantastic.
Senior wences.
It's all right.
It's all right.
He did.
103, not bad.
567-0560.
Found five, 60 on the mobile one.
Hey, listen.
God, don't give us a whole bunch of years.
You know, that God, that these people are all talking about.
You got to do the best you can in a very limited amount of time.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
New.
Yes sir.
Okay.
I think I got the, I figured out why these transco-mouthy kids
started bucking shots at the teachers.
Uh-huh.
The water was out.
They weren't coming at the teachers.
There was only one teacher that got shot but then again, probably somebody had to read that to you in the newspaper.
567-0560.
Found five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Somebody went over to his house to read him the newspaper so we know what was going on.
No.
Okay.
I tried, pal.
Couldn't get him by any takers.
Here's a mobile in four-later day.
Hello, hello, Neil. Yes sir. Okay. I cannot phone you great my concentration is so many things you talk about all these things. Yeah
Hey, you know when I was growing up in high school
There was in a big high school
You knew just about everybody in the school. Yeah, somebody somebody was troubled everybody knew it
Mm-hmm. They stayed away from them. What you know, you're right with the numbers of people in these schools
There's got to be one crazy person in there 1800 kids in the school
There's got to be one crazy one in there. They were talking about some school in LA where they put in they put in
Middle-Eighteners, but they're having a problem because they got 4,000 kids go to that school and it takes like forever
Never so that they only can do random searches because they got 4,000
Students in the school. Can you imagine? It's ridiculous. Yeah, that's why there's so much trouble and and then that's the
You know the parents the parents are so damn busy when the kids get home. They don't care anyway
They come home from work. They go to bed. They go to work
And I mean countries like China or Japan where the people are brought up would like a you know
It's very very strict morals and the very strict ideals and respect for human life and respect for other people
Then no matter how many people they have like when I had I don't know how many two billion people in China
It didn't make any difference because they all go step to the line
You know, but here we're not too good at getting people to go step in the line
No, no big
So maybe we can put them all in uniforms and just have them go step in the line
It's crazy
Why not if they would be able to think about your will be wrong?
You're clear kid on the on the bus because he's doing something wrong again
Maybe things would change, but that's never gonna happen. No
American F and Wayman
Yes, they're the slaughterhouse and it's appropriate that they're slaughtering the cattle because it is a slaughterhouse
Okay, I have a hang in there pal. Okay. See you on a firing range
Five sit what I'm supposed to correct myself. They don't use the bolt gun anymore because it shatters the skull
What do they do can't make head she's out of it then? Oh?
I don't want to see head she's much less here about it. So now they've got you tell me what's in head she's by the way
I don't I'm sorry asked now. What is it? What do they use they electrocute them now?
With a what?
They're making a sit down in the chair
So they have like a separate lecture free one and they put their little beanie on their head like they do on
That's right. They shave their heads and they put little beanie on there and they are cow goes
Oh, please read them the right. Yeah, does he say managed down a halala has that?
Yeah, oh
Yeah, I think I'd talk about that before you're right, but I can't be one of those tree huggers
You know one of those vegetarians. I like my stick. I like my meat. I love my meat and a good stick ain't bad either
5 6 7 8 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. I got a little carried away
Yeah, I get emotional when I think about all these things and why not?
Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello
You know how you doing great
Two things I think it's amazing how everyone has a solution that is problem. Oh, they're all experts man
I come on yesterday. I said I don't have any answer. It's out of control
It's hopeless and these people everyone has got an answer
Everyone we got to put a tank at every school this time
Yeah, and then there was a guy don't know if you saw CNBC last night on date line
I believe it was no, but it was they had an expert the guy is an expert in school security
Yeah, they go okay
So what do you think he goes well? We need metal detectors in every grammar school elementary school in high school
And then they proceeded to say this guy owns the company
That puts metal protection. Oh, what a surprise that is and like I said schools that have like 1800 kids like the school out there in
Little in Colorado or like the one in LA that's got 4,000 kids
What do they do get their three in the morning so that by 8 30 or nine when the first class starts everybody could be passed
Or the metal detector and then maybe get home by midnight? It was amazing
They go 18,000 for one unit and they cut back to this other guy and said the average high school in the United States
It's a 62 to 88 doors on it. Yeah, so I mean
I mean no one knows if the problem is no easy solution
Okay, that have a great thing
There is of course there's no easy solution. That's out of control. It's on a hand
It's a barbaric country where the people unfortunately far too many of them don't have any values
They have no respect for human life and the rest of the public are sitting there
You know, you know what they're saying? Yeah
Yeah, cuz they're like a desensitized to it the grave robbing media has said oh, hey, here's another juicy story
You know, let's all start hyperventilating. It's just yeah, it's just another TV story
It's got test and tragic and there's a lot of blood and it's real, but you know, it's real. They're really you know, and they're going
like that
But be that isn't me
Be that isn't me all but it's the movies and the TV shows and like I keep telling you all these European countries
I traveled through the very same movies and the very same TV shows they're all on there and nobody's killing
each other
Wonder why that could be huh you think maybe those people might have respect for human life
Uh-huh. Maybe they know a little bit better than your kids, you know, uh-huh
Maybe they've had a little bit better upbringing. That might just be it
No, that couldn't be it huh could there possibly be somebody better than America?
I mean that guy that called before he was he was my favorite over the whole year so far
America's a great country and I said yeah, well, why?
But be by the way by the end like that
I'll tell you one thing. It's a great day when Wayne Arles people show up. Thank you gentlemen
God bless you here
There's our friends from Wayne Arles bringing us home to everybody in the building. Thank you Hudson. You're a great American sir and
Give Wayne a big kiss for us, but not in front of the customers
So anyway, what are we doing 1226 at 560 at WKG?
These are gonna be it's not gonna be meeting that box is there because then we must be a kill some animals
I apologize to the lady who's dear hunting. I just I can't you know, I don't want to think about it
I know that you're not doing it because you're a mean nasty bitch and you want to go out there and shoot some defenseless beautiful little animal
But you know, Bandy was a very heart wrenching movie that I saw 100 years ago. What's it? No, okay?
Like I said have a good time
1226 at 560 WQA now it's a little squirrel. You don't want to share the squirrel
They can't eat a squirrel. They eat squirrel. No off that they're like loaded with rabbis and all kinds of diseases
Holy machinon. This is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil God right tired of the same old flavors of yogurt
Terry strawberry banana peach blueberry
Well look out taste buds prepare yourself palette for croutons trout on the bottom yogurt
Croutons new trout on the bottom yogurt combining to delicious attributes of yogurt with heartache chunks of rainbow trot
No frills no guilt
Great taste croutons try on the bottom yogurt regular and D.I. Okay, it's soft
31 at 560 WQA thanks to Hudson our buddies over Wayne Arles for bringing a great lunch for us and for all the
People in the building and the daughters that came in today like Sabrina and everybody else
I thought you were bringing something else in here. So anyway, well you never know okay
You know it never hurts to a wonder
But of course a lot of animals had to die to make our lunch today
Let's have a couple of moments of silence for the animals that we don't want to have a new no okay, I'm sorry
567 on by the way, it says the Wayne says hello. He's been elected lieutenant governor of
Kiwanis
You spoil it you supposed to say Florida and then I go no
Broward County no, no
Kiwanis
The politically a still Wayne Arnold
Who has the Ted Kennedy a picture on one window and a Jeb Boots picture on the other window?
No covering all sides they call it and when you're as big as when you can cover all sides just with your body
Nice going Wayne. He's the lieutenant governor of Kiwanis
You probably look real cute with that Kiwanis cap on you know
567 O5 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line
We're having a very educational day today
We learned for the first time that it's the left wingers who are trying to censor everything you read and burn books and movies and everything else
It's the left wingers not the right wingers the left wingers are the ones who we're going to try to tell everybody how to live
How about that the bedroom police the pleasure police those are the left wingers you believe that yeah, that's what the guy said
Yeah, a lot of poor animals had died a little piggy went to market these dead little look at us all these animals that had to die to make our lunch possible today Christ
Anybody ever have any good squirrel?
How come they don't eat squirrel because they're all rabbit is that it? I'm under a penny girl. They do eat squirrels too
Do eat squirrel maybe that's why we traded this ass out of here. Well, he shouldn't do nothing
Here is a lady mobile in the keys. Hello, you know, I'm currently telling you and I know there are no solutions to everything
So I think the parents are really used to blame at this in a situation
maybe
You know, I just I don't understand how they were making all these bombs right there at a basement and
Parents thought that they were had an erector set or something there. I don't know what they thought they were doing
Okay, your phone crap dot call me back sweetheart
Your phone crap died
Prite of coming back five six seven oh five sixty pound by yummy. They were playing part cheesy down in a basement
Maybe they were playing with each other which would have been an improvement by the way
Overbuilding a la bomba
There had to be an awful lot of people looking the other way nobody knew from nothing like I said when you got all these people
All these things all these problems you're overwhelmed you don't have the resources and of course by the way
It's also the right wingers who don't want to a lot of money to have resources for human needs God forbid you know, we take care of these things
They'd rather spend all that money and building more big bombs and more big weapons et cetera in the audio audio
Okay, for their military industrial complex for they're established now
That's what they want to do more and more goddamn money for crap to kill people but not to take care of real living and breathing people
All they care about as long as you take care of the fetus then we'll worry about it. They're living people later on
Here's Boka hello
Boka hello, yes, sir. Yeah, Boka
Speaking about who's this new that's last time I checked
Hello, who's this the caller
Let's go to Boka hello. Yeah, yes, sir
Yeah, I wanted to talk to you about the
school after in Denver. Yes, I got a good plan for the funeral for the guys. Mm-hmm great
560 505 60 05 60 on a mobile one line. Did I cut that guy off?
Yeah, that's your sweet ass. I did
Of course if they had the fact that he was a little slow in the beginning should have tipped me off that I don't think so
Here's Pompano. Hello
Thank you. Yes, sir
I when I was a kid I moved from one school to another from like the city to the suburbs and
They put me in like these AP classes because maybe my first original school might have been a little bit ahead of the one out in the
suburbs and
They were these really nerdy kids
In the AP classes and they happened to be really really nice kids
I was doing a class this for about two years one of them probably had a play the guitar and other one
They just did they were just really wonderful people, but they looked kind of strange and nerdy
Okay now at when I left their classes and as we went to high school people ticked on these people I
Had to I had to step in like I had a couple fights when I moved from my first neighborhood to the
To the other neighborhood and I was so frightened to death somehow I won those fights
I don't know how but I was frightened to death and then people kind of accepted me
Like oh look there's a guy who could take care of himself. Well in the out I was really nervous to sell and and frightened
But these kids who I went to school with
It's like everybody was like looking to fight them
I had to step in and stop fights once in a while they were they were getting beat up
Now these kids a lot of them you could tell they formed these little quick groups
They were owners and they were and and basically was because everybody's being mean to them
And I could see very easily nobody's addressing it that these kids
If somebody's mean you then you ought to go on build a bunch of bombs and get some guns and blow their crap
Always that was your saying sir. No, no you shouldn't do that
But I think what it does is it creates a little like a of these little groups of three they get weird
They they feel insecure
Yeah, and from feeling having such bad feelings
I think that these things are just in their head
Okay, thank you sir feelings
You got bad feelings
I'm away, baby
That's good. You know, I think that's probably a sunset all up right here the following is a paid public service announcement from the International Ripeful Association
Let's face most of us will never be rich. Hell we probably won't even be successful
And that's pretty damn depressing but as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns
They scare the **** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want
That's right handguns think about it. Need some cash
Don't have enough money for beer pull up the convenience takes chips and pretzels wire at it
It's all free if you got a handgun some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him
The simple solution of life's cop Lex props all I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Well, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the dancing of the street just buy a lot of handgun
It's a great alternative the working problems out and get me considered a population control
Yes handgun they just might make your thing
Hey, what are you here? What do you say? This like that guy said before great population
Control there you go
Wow
Yeah, you know they're being picked on okay. Oh, Johnny's picking on me. They're picking on the school
So there you go that's you merican effing way man like you said before the exchange students all want to know
How come everybody's so angry over here? What are the angry about they have so much? What are the angry about?
What are they all pissed off about?
Maybe because they were brought up to be about just spoil little brats
Maybe their parents were too indulgent and didn't smack up the side of the head every now and say cut the crap and learn to appreciate what you got
Like Sabrina in there who's probably smarter than most of you out there
No, not probably
21 before one I don't know where she got it from. Must have been her mother
21 before well, I know it's just it's just a joke Sabrina
He enjoys being picked on not as much as Rimmer does though by the way. How's Rimmer doing? What's gonna happen without radio dropping? Okay
If you oh, what a so you know, he's a good guy
I have to preface it by saying that because otherwise he pouts for like week's at a time
But what a suck whole Rimmer. I mean really seriously
That that even Kathy will it's even Monica Lewinsky never heard of a suck job like the one that Rimmer did this morning on the
station just on
Conscionable on acceptable. He's just looking to give me material I guess she over out the moon
Me
There are schools will be taken by a particle being
And friction is the only thing the father see you got to sit down to see me
You know, I think the poison is a second me is to help Bob come to me
Yeah, that's no fat beer can put it into every time call 44 or five sixty QM
So anyway, here's a great fact from Bob. How come the faxes are so good? We had some good calls
That a few good calls this week one one
several fun
But the faxes are a fantastic including one from John the gun hugger out there
He's squeezing it right now in a gun too
So Joe Castello before I read this fax from Bob
Joe says that a lot of these
Daughters that are in here today for bringing your daughter to work day unlike Sabrina was sitting there very polite
Needing her lunch and very grateful and very happy
Unlike her that sitting in here with daddy in the other room a lot of these other girls around a building or running around like banshees
Turned a place up like man is his kids always do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I bet you do
How do you like that?
See that makes my point about bridy little kids on discipline
Then of course you look at their parents and you say oh my god. They're reproducing and you say oh, man
Can you really think about too many people in this building who ought to be reproducing? No, no
Not at all
Anyway, here's this fax from Bob
It's his like you I traveled to western uroboa and I have many friends there in Switzerland
There's at least one rifle in every home and yet none of the slaughter we find here in the US
The reason every Swiss citizen serves in the military
Absolutely correction and they are properly trained how to handle firearms
They're really responsible and they're not out to shoot each other employs at this brain job
Other countries in western europe germany the Netherlands the uk Italy guns are almost impossible to purchase without an extensive background check and proof of proper training
How do you like that? What a concept
It's also important to note that the police system in europe is fantastic
The average police response time is less than five minutes for any emergency call whether it's as trivial as a pussy in a tree
Where we're serious as kids and black trench coats walking in the school and blowing everyone away
You think that that could have anything to do with the fact that the cops in europe are not bullies who just write tickets and harass harmless people
Who just want to smoke a joint?
Just might have something to do with it Bob excellent facts. Thank you, sir god bless you
I'm sorry that's neocod bless you. I don't want to get that kid out of bed under joint again. Oh, don't say joint. He might light one up
They're all impressionable. You know, you know what I'm saying light one up. Uh-huh exactly
Oh god
Just like that episode I told you about in rummaging yesterday
I mean within a matter of seconds after this gunshot went off up into the air
There were police of every variety that ever been invented
It Lee came out of nowhere and just descended upon that location and that punk. I think he'll I won't be walking too good for a long time
They don't put up with a crap. Okay, in other words if you want to act barbaric and grotesque and like an animal
They're going to find a place to put you away for a very long time. It's not accepted
But here what they want to find out the first thing is which NFL team can we sign you up for
Now how many people will pay their money to watch your aberrant behavior?
I'm telling you the one thing I've learned on this station in these 16 months
I mean and this is not an exaggeration. I have learned to have the greatest contempt for the sports nerds
I mean far greater than I ever thought I possibly could have
For people who have no scruples no principal no nothing
No
Live so as a result they have to live vicariously through some team. Okay, nothing wrong with rooting for a team
But I mean to this degree you have to be insane you have to be without any brain rhymes with insane
Very listen if the gangster can run a few yards if he can get us a first down man. Oh god
Get out of my face get out go off of my cloud out of my planet
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
It's the right you see thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call. Okay. Now we're even
Listen, I just want to make a remark. I'm a non-citizen. You were citizens. Are you an illegal alien? We'll trace the car
I can give you my honest opinion. Okay. I think it all started
when you guys
formed your
Republic here in
1776 this is a violent state and and and and
You people are afraid to change laws everybody knows that it's the wrong thing to carry a gun
But still you have the law think you're afraid to change you mean civilized people know that
We have a lot of people in this country who aren't civilized
Well, it's that's your opinion, but you don't think that's true. You don't think we have a lot of unsilvised people here
Maybe not more than anywhere else, but it's the you know, it's the culture. It's a culture shock
It's why those things don't happen in in what we call quote unquote the civilized world. I mean
it
It happens here in neighborhoods where the least you would expect it yeah, you know and
I think it's the shame that
Take for instance
Everybody agrees that it's wrong to have all those things on the website, but there is no law the changes is that
You you cannot put everything on the web
I think it's a shame that whenever I travel here in you know
But you do understand that whatever's on the web that call it the worldwide web
Because it is worldwide and people can download it and read in any part of the world
And they're downloading in all those other countries that we're talking about and they're not running out in emulating or taking the messages
And killing people because they read something on a worldwide web
We have a lot of very ignorant people in this country sir. This is a very uneducated very impressionable very backward a juvenile country
Well, mr
I just if everybody agreed that
One of
One of your laws are that everybody can carry arms here to protect themselves again for what
This I think this law was made when the English were here and afraid for the
For the engines the freight of the queen young
Yeah, a lot of people are afraid of the queen and maybe for wild animation
Right, you know, but I think we ought to let the deer arm themselves to protect themselves against the hunter
No, but it's it's the it's the violence in the people here
Yeah, yeah, if there is a much one I'm saying this is a violent barbaric country and the people embrace violence
They they can't there they can't get enough violence
They're they have an insatiable appetite for violence and as a result
Why should we be surprised that we see these things happening? Well, what's all the shock about doesn't surprise me
It's grotesque and it's sad and it's tragic, but it's not surprising. It's a slaughterhouse
Yeah, but it is
Yeah, but why why is your government to frame to change the law?
I think because the government is on the takeser the government is on the take from very very influential a powerful people
That spend billions of dollars to make sure that they don't change the laws money talks sir. There you go
God bless you sir. Thank you. How are we there to see you and I'm for them. Okay. I'm still believed
Donkabel
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one all he's dutch therefore he knows what the real world is all about
Never see a gun and I'm still on no, no, never see anybody shoot anybody. No most of the cops carry guns and I'm still on no
Unheard of
Rate education system their light years ahead of our education system number one in the world by the way in Netherlands are you aware of that number one?
You know, I mean that must just be a coincidence right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and you know
While he was talking I was thinking about a term that every time I hear I don't know what the laughter cry anger management classes
And you know the only people I ever hear being talked about including by some of the people on this radio station, which I won't much in any names
Professional athletes. Oh, he needs to go to anger management class
And then he'll be okay
Whichever illiterate jock they're talking about at the moment. Have you ever heard that?
anger management class
We have to take somebody to class to teach him that when you when you get pissed off and fired up, you know the low somebody away
Then that speak really well for americans society
We have so many scumbags right around that way and of course we shouldn't be worried about those kids
You know like those two kids that shot up all these kids in the other school
We just got our cuz they weren't jocks the jocks
We got to worry about make sure they get anger management training because after all we got to save them from whatever it is
They're going to do to themselves like the dreams be well before we choke the next coach
In fact, maybe he'll even choke what's his name David Stern after they find him 25 grand for opening his big trap the other day
Maybe he'll choke his ass or neck
Whichever is larger here's a parrain hello. Yeah, how you go okay, sir
Now I'm gonna call you about but it's nice to see that Jimmy Johnson doesn't matter criminal
He doesn't like exactly. He's the he's the gangster coach
I'm the only one on a station that'll tell you that sir because all these other people just like the rim man
They're rimming them. They're sucking his ass. They're they're licking licking. This is the biggest suck whole station
I've ever worked that in my life a bunch of a bunch of rubber stamps. We got in this radio station
Licky licky licky jimmy whatever you say whatever you do you're the greatest baby a lot of brown stains
That's right all over you ought to see the walls in this place man
What is another one? What I'm calling about is you know, I'm watching TV last night
I'm hearing all this rhetoric going on about this stuff and you know not once did I hear anything about you know
The problem we have with guns in this country, you know, we have our neighbors
Canada
Oh, but a whole year don't have as many murders in their country as we do in one week, right? I mean
We can we can be Canada than a good weekend here in Miami and you know I'm I any I'd like to know which fuck has been is now
Where's he you know, what kind of statement he's going to make after this
Defensive is and not race
But now that they took those billboards down with his push up there in the Denver
He's probably really pissed at this I find it pretty funny some of the most terrific murders
I've ever seen in this country just happened to happen in Mormon areas, you know in Mormon area. Yeah in Utah and
Work was asked in a good question the other day now when that happens they are do they stain
Magic underwear when that happens. Oh, no the diaper has to be taken off before he do that. Okay. Thanks
In fact, I wonder Gary Gilmore before he got executed out there in Utah. I think that he stayed is
I'm sorry. Oh, he wasn't the five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one. I guess at that point
We didn't make no difference
Here's candle hello. Yeah, sir
This is a statement. I like to make about the shooting that happened up in wherever north floor north America North America
Yeah, wherever you where the people got blown away because I've been out of nowhere. Where was that I call a rarter that very good
Excellent. This is besides you and you and Phil Hendry this whole country is stupid
Because they think that proving security will stop shootings, which is cool because when I
I just graduated about a year and a half ago
We had tight security, but I was able to bring whatever you need into school because there's always a way people
Need to start watching the damn kids and watch what they're doing. I bring whatever you needed like why do you need it?
Guns drugs you name I put bring it into you
But the problem was the parents never caught a knife or never bothered watching the kids are doing
That's the same thing half of my parents
So the dishes off the crime about oh, we got a security. Oh, it's the internet. Oh, it's a TV not a damn rich
Rip that rich ass people's fault or the poor Kim Kim family's fault
This got to get off the grass a little bit of kids are doing okay
Thanks a lot. Thanks pal. You're all Neil okay, all right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 8th, but see that's another part parenting in America's the law start
You know, we got your junior and Sabrina and that's basically it
So seriously parenting in this country is forget about it
Just to make babies and then let them loosen the you know worry about having how how many BMWs you can have in the yard
This food is delicious today, but it's starting my eye twitching. I wonder what that means
You think it's that horse meat. I just did joke. It's just a joke George
Thanks a lot Wayne. You're great American. We love Wayne. We love Hudson down there at Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle where you never get a hassle
1250 look at that the thousand up 121 the Aztecs of 52
working you want huh
Because that's the American effort ways long as everybody's got plenty of money. That's all we worry about
Who cares about being alive to spend it?
Oh
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
You've found a red dog you've chugged a red wolf
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock
Red cocks foamy head will lead you breathless
Red cop goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock
You can shake it and spray it all over
Remember you can't beat a red cock
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front opinion. Oh, the radio juhuh. Yeah, the radio play by play now the crystal
I think I think obviously Goldie based on his pinch hitting performance has got to be considered as a serious candidate
One thing about the Steve Goldstein and I think you'll agree with the Joe you don't better than anybody in all seriousness
I respect the work the Joe that the Steve Goldstein puts in
Be it preparing for a Panther radio broadcast
I've had the fortune of working with Joe at QA or not with Joe that with Goldie at 2am
And Joe I think I think that Goldie's a hard worker and I really respect that and I think he's got to be considered in the next
Well, you have been strong. How do you go, Ryan?
What a suck up job that one
Absolutely
Oh, you're right about the other population problem
Don't you think it goes back to the industrial revolution when they invented the you know
All the antibiotics to prolong life and no little babies alive. No, no
How come they have all those antibiotics and all those other countries and their babies that running around shooting each other
Well, because well, it's a good point. It's a good point. Yeah. Okay, then what about this solution? Okay
That one didn't work. Let's try
Uh, how about
Flogging them in public and then putting them in prison for life for the rest of their life. Okay. Okay.
Okay, the only problem is these two are dead so I don't think it'll work too good
Although I did say the other day because I was very angry after I saw this that they ought to hang the bodies out there
Like from a tree on the campus of a high school and let everybody come along and you know
Just whack it with baseball bands to do you know like they did with Mussolini and his wife after WW2
I'm starting to talk like Jerry what's there now WW2? I must be really getting old five six seven oh five sixty
Count five sixty on the 18 W W two a Jerry Whistler just drove down the Ho Chi Minh Trail and ran into a couple of jungle bunnies on the way
Well, we'll see it. Will see something or what talk about guns
Well, maybe that's why he's uh in my mind right now since we have this gun topic boy. Yeah, get a little cheer
Here's a pember pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, that was Carl Lepotashi, right? What is it?
Los Lini's wife Carl Lepotashi? Oh, I don't know. Okay. I agree with you, but I think that was her
I was her name
I agree with you. I uh
I think the problem comes in is with the guns. I think there's a proliferation of guns here in the United States and in Europe
They have a strict gun control and they don't get any guns and then you do have your wackos up there
You do have your neonathe you do have your hula den and your anarchist there that
Ones in a while they were act up, but they don't have any uh weapons that they can act up with
So obviously you don't see that like yes
You know and a societal way what this is it's become a problem-solving method for americans is getting a gun
Having a gun and blowing somebody else away that that's what it's become and they don't do that in other places
That's correct and they don't have the accessibility and also the education along with it
Yeah, and here uh, you're never gonna solve it first of all because forget about the in constitution
It's big business the gun industry here makes billions of dollars a year
Right which is why in florida we want to make sure that there's no lawsuits against them because
The politicians here all in the take from the gun industry absolutely are you bet that's one of the strongest lobbies around is the
All right and everything so that's you're never gonna be able to solve that so
unfortunately unless
We start thinking much more about human life and instead of guns or big business for the old mighty dollar
Um, we're gonna continue seeing this once in a while
I got my own material. Okay, sir. My back. See you
I think what he's trying to say is it's a barbaric slaughterhouse. I think I don't want to put words in his mouth
Is that what he's trying to say? Uh-huh?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's my Annie. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Uncle Neil. You're the best. Uh-huh. Listen the way I look at things sometimes
It's only my opinion, but we got a war going on now in Yugoslavia. Yeah
Why don't these kids join the army? I mean you can kill people legally
Yeah, why don't they go kill some sirby and there you go
That's a good idea take out the regression then that's an excellent idea
I mean we tried bombing Milosevic's hangout last night four o'clock this morning. Did it work? No
I mean they you know they bombed the place, but was he there? No no
We have the damnedest tough time you know with that damn god and Saddam Hussein and his
Slavia Milosevic we just can't seem to hit him at the right time
Why don't they learn from the godfather? You know they hit us
We hit him back
But like the guy said that great letter to the editor in the hairdress today the service only started acting up when we started bombing near a country
Right, they were nice
They were real nice before they were doing it. They were lightly killing the Albanians
It was just a very light ethnic cleansing. They were doing in fact
I think they were even breading them before they put them in those mass graves. Yeah
Before they heated them up into microwave
Yeah Albanian Parmesan
5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60. Yeah, they have both sides of course even about
5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean that is the Harold just continues man
The dumber the letter you write them more likely they're going to put it in the paper. Okay, because they love it
They never met a dummy they didn't like
Including their editor and publisher
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Stop the news in the word god you'll pay for your okay. Yeah, you'll pay for your sins. Okay. Get off the toilet pal
We all know we can hear it. I heard the sound and we now we can smell it
Didn't hang up soon enough on that asshole
5 6 7 0 5 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Where we've been going here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Uh, good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir Neil. God speaking. Okay. I appreciate you taking my call. Okay. I was
Wondering and I don't know I've been listening to you for the last couple of days and I listened to you on and off
On when I'm in the car, but I was wondering if anyone has mentioned where are the parents?
Yes, what are the parents doing because we don't know
You look at some of these things you look you read in the newspaper you listen to the media
These people have a small arsenal
Where do they get the money to fund we're talking 16 17 year old kids at best working in McDonald's?
I mean does anybody have any answers to that? No, no, we don't know anything about the parents
That except that they're very sorry any son of very a apologetic message like you'd expect them to do
But other than that we haven't learned anything yet. It's amazing the deterioration of society
Yeah, it's amazing because I mean I'm a 41 year old male and I have plenty of handguns
That I used to buy when I was much younger, but to be quite honest with you I haven't fired them in 20 years
So I'm gonna tell you something talk about parents parents have got to teach their kids that violence is bad
It's ugly. It's unacceptable not not to a relish violence not to admire violence not to have an appetite for violence
Violence is on effing acceptable. That should be the American way
I agree with you wholeheartedly because people are like I said before that want to live in a violent environment like we do
It's a barbaric slaughterhouse and nobody with a brain nobody who realizes that life doesn't have to be like this wants to live in this kind of environment
I agree with you surrounded by animals. I agree with you. You know, I've heard you mention Las Vegas on occasion
I've been to Las Vegas once and in fact, I was in the last two years the first time I loved it
Right, I would love to go back and I lived in Boston for three years and I don't know if you've ever been a Boston many many years to live there
Okay, well, I live in a small town called Nadek for three years and
Over in Boston, I'm sure if like from 1990 to 1993 you could walk the theater district there and you look going over to the Wang cinema
Wang theater. Yeah, see you play
Completely safe. Yeah, completely safe. You I mean you wouldn't feel that you were in any danger whatsoever
I'm like perhaps you know you walk here in downtown Miami, which but yeah, but how many cities in America can you think of where you really can do that at night?
You know, I very very very few and certainly where we live here in one of them
No, I agree with you whole hardly. I just think that that the culture
In the different parts of the country geographically speaking. Yeah, so different the way that people are brought up
It's almost like Americana in the Northeast
Like a Norman Rockwell kind of environment versus like down here in Miami as an example or some of these things that are happening
I mean, I took a look at the picture of it. Let me ask you this. Would you be walking the streets in Roxbury at night?
I'm no sir. Okay. No absolutely. Okay. Thanks
You know, I'm a Miami resident and I just happened to hear the
Neil talk show
My way home and I think it's absolutely horrible and I don't understand how anybody with values and morals or social conscience can
Alive such a thing to be broadcast on their station
This guy is just cursing the people insulting blast feeling
Just spreading anger and hatred. I don't understand that. I mean
Do you have children? Do you have a family? Do you care what's going on?
You know in the world? No
That's just a bad
Stuff should be going around someone just
inventing all their hatred and anger at innocent people and maybe just let somebody crying on the sun the air
And maybe it's very popular and makes a lot of money for your station
But this is really not what the world needs. I mean things are bad enough. I don't think we need to die like this
And I really find it very offensive and it's just horrible
I mean how would you like if your children were listening to that and
No, it happened a world where this kind of thing is acceptable
Where people can talk like that and be paid for it and be endorsed. I mean
I'm just horrified and disgusted
And I'm sure I'm not the only person who feels that way
Please try and take consideration of
You know the rest of the world and other people that have to listen to this kind of garbage
And I hope you will because this is really
Something that's not acceptable if you want this world to get to be a better place. This is not the way to do it
Yeah, that's right. You tell him honey
If you want to live in a world where people blow each other's brains out
Then you got it but having this stuff on the radio where somebody's exercising is first amendment rights and voicing his opinions
That's bad because she's an outside bitch
116 at 560 WQAM
Here's a crawl spring. Hello
Pretty good sir. Listen, I'm listening to everybody talk on the radio. I'm listening to your comments
And I agree with them that you deserve very violent society and
A premise of society and there's not enough punishment for violent acts
But I have a question to ask you and that is you take the worst neighborhoods in the Los Angeles or Chicago or New York
Yeah, how come um in those
bad neighborhoods in those slums schools
We don't have kids going in and blowing kids away in those schools. I mean in mass
quantities. I mean you look at this Columbine school. It wasn't a wonderful neighborhood. Yeah, it was a beautiful school
Yeah, and these kids lived in the best
That's right upper middle class. That's right
So how come
Because the streets what they're doing to make it get shot out on the street or in the school the fact is that in the inner cities
You're talking about people are getting shot like cockroaches
It's just a matter of time there'll be there'll be one of these in the in a ghetto somewhere
So you're saying you're saying that it you know what differences to make is it 15 at the time or one at a time
No, I'm not saying what difference does it make? I'm just saying it'll happen
It happened. Look at the places where it happened
Paduca can tucky a little tin Colorado
Jones for Arkansas. Well, what is it what differences to make where it happens?
Yeah, but they're happening in good neighborhoods and good
Good neighborhood and in rural neighborhoods where there are a lot of poor people doesn't make any difference
They're happening in neighborhoods where the kids were brought up real strict and religious and where the kids were bunches skinheads
I mean everything in between it's the American F and wacer didn't make any difference. That's the point
Okay, thanks. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, Neo. How are you okay, sir?
The real truth of the matter is it really nowhere the little Billy Bob walk into a school in Harlem blows anybody away
Of course not who cares that happens all the time when it does happen in when it does happen in middle America
That's from page news. It happens all the time in Harlem. I didn't know that well may not happen in the schools
But it certainly happened in the street exactly
That's I'm trying to say to this guy what differences it make whether people decide to do it out in the streets
Where it's a more violent environment in the ghettos or in a school system somewhere where nobody expects it
The truth of the matter is in these small little towns
We're hearing about middle America where mum and dad uncle Jeff throw in the whole gang
They're always in the back teaching the kids how to shoot guns. Yeah, and where's their responsibility?
They don't have any you can't complain about their responsibility because they don't have any
This jackass on NBC the other night is blaming society and TV in Hollywood
Of course you haven't talked about what mum and dad where mum and dad now who is that what's jackass with this?
Some guy to some guy from the police in at MSNB from the city. Oh, ever we interviewed on
The time MSNBC my lunch is already coming up
Okay, thanks a lot. Okay. Anything that's on MSNBC except
Cross except except oh no the one show I do like on there is what's it called timeline date line timeline
Date line which has the timeline date line timeline with Jane Paul. That's a good show
Only what differences are making if it was 798081 you know what I'm saying that stupid song whatever was that if it was 7870
You cut it out Jane stopping a goody tushies. No, it all bitch
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Well, yes sir. Yeah, I am three things yesterday. Did you ever read the letters to the editor Eddie Pope?
Yes, I did I mentioned that
How dare he the one good column that he ever wrote in all the 500 years he's been here
And he gets flutter with calls from these indignant
Buttlickers who want to kiss Jimmy on the ass how dare he have the audacity to question Jimmy?
I just couldn't believe it. Isn't that incredible
And that's exactly what I'm in trying to tell you these sports nerds
They're they're the ones who created this if the sports fans started revolting and say hey
We're not gonna spend these big bucks to subsidize these goons these criminals these scumbags
Then you better believe the league would say hey, guess what these guys?
They're not you can't sign them
But as long as they keep fill in the stand and as long as people only care about you know who can run fast
And who carried a ball then that's what's gonna happen. It's a scumbag league
There was labaster the week before who said who cares, you know
Whoever is gonna put money on the table, but you know you read that one column
JJ had to go to age Wayne
for this you know and
And Wayne said if he if they win games nobody will care. That's a rain set and he's unfortunately he's right
And he and his wife Marty they were upset because they couldn't get their name on that children and women and they were very upset that Doug McLean was seen
You know mouthing four letter words on close-ups shots on the camera
There which is one of the reasons he got Candace coach of the Panthers. They were real upset about that
Thank them on the Pacific Ritz. I think it's what you're looking for
The other thing was I noticed at the NRA there
There ain't no meeting a skit was scheduled next week for I talked about that
Yeah, and they've had a water. We're done and even take poor charlotte and has toon's picture off the billboards
How do you like that? Yeah?
There you go
H2A Leonard Lee and Ardol de Caprio. Yeah
You got to read that little article about the island the name of the island where he was capsized from
Okay today with which paper
Two A the Harold okay. See you. Bye. Okay. Let me dig in a waist basket here
Oh god look at that. Look how nice the hero fits in my waist basket. Oh, it's beautiful in there
Here's the sports here's the business here's the Broward good article by the way Fred Grim today
And R.A. Cut in the crossfire good articles about time Fred nice. Okay everyone about once every six months he writes a good one
Let's say boys will be others Leo de Caprio. There's that screamer that little floater
Probably never dreamed he'd land in the drink again after Titanic
But unlucky Leo had a leap overboard when the boat he was uh in during the filming of the beach was swamped in southern Thailand
Oh, I bet he's having a good time in Thailand by the way George
Amman soon whipped up by high waves off the island of
OPHU KET Foucait
Thailand flooding the boat and dragging it out to sea
How do you like that? Well, just Foucait man
If you can't sail it just Foucait
Okay, thank you sir
Okay, where we gone. Let's go to somewhere north waterdale. Hello
Couple things, Neil. Yes, sir. Are they riffs? It's got a fifth and last night in Texas reference to why?
Scotty Fippen was arrested for DWI
Yeah, how am I meant that? Oh right
I've got and a talk show host was fired for
For what a bad joke about the shooting the talk show host the fired
Yeah, oh yeah, this is the guy with a fanny pack. Okay, I thought I was getting it'll
That's the guy with a fanny pack. You're not a bad guy. Yeah, you are you're annoying
And by the way, he must lost his job at the arena there last the half of the season never saw him no more
And wonder even though we were losing him playing badly it was became less painful
Because I didn't have to answer 85,000 different questions about you know
What color is John's car and this and that and is my dog take a dump in a house and you know
Be got with a fanny pack. He was like a security guard at the Macarena for a while for a short while
Until maybe he annoyed too many people
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I mean when you can't even go out and take a leak without something you know while giving you the third degree one of your whole life story
Because the reyenta
But you're okay pal just stay away
Here's a homestead hello
Okay, sir a couple things you're talking about the
Unsafe streets. Yeah, well like the city mind you forget it. I mean they
They're a toilet they close the buildings at seven o'clock, right?
To get the hell out of town. Uh-huh. I learned that in the mid-Azure security guards. They under the counters exactly
I keep guns and I collect and I'm also a parent of two boys, right and
When my kids were old enough I thought of the difference between a real gun and a flat and a phony gun
And they to this day respect real guns
They have no problem, right and one of them is a school teacher. He teaches in the roughest school in Dave County
Middle school wow
I firmly believe that the whole problem comes down to parenting
Parents are not you know, they're working two jobs just to pay the mortgage
They don't have time to spend with our kids
As our parents did spend with them. Well, let me ask you this question
I mean aren't these things that I realize that this is really revolutionary
But before people start making babies
Don't you think they ought to kind of like sit down and think about how much it's going to cost to raise a kid and put them through school
Or hopefully maybe the college and dress them and feed them and close them and all of these things
Don't you think maybe that makes some sense? Yes, but where they gonna learn and of course in America the worst problem
One of the worst problems we have is that the people who are least able to erase children
They're the ones who are reproducing the most perhaps their parents aren't and
Those are the ones who are having like litters
Perhaps their parents aren't teaching them what it what it takes to raise a child. Yeah, why not being there?
But why don't we teach people these things? I agree
People all kinds of abstract things speaking of the school system
But things that have to do like with real life like maybe even writing a check stuff like that. We don't teach anybody about that
Right. That's true
The thing you played earlier the handgun did right get a handgun right that's what these kids
They they learn that early on
Because they had they're not
Respect
Respect for life or well, but that's the American society when when human life becomes very a cheap
Then you got real problems and that's that I mean that we are right now
You scrape away all the other stuff about the parents and who's fault it is
But when this is the value system of a society when human life is cheap and disposable
Then you got real problem the only thing that I'm gonna get worse. I know I'll see it the passport off. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on a 18 T wireless land or there are a lot of people out there who is that like for example
Cory saving was in this morning. He's a good guy
But he's talking about you know something he wants to visit here and visit it and where has he ever been his parents when he was 17
They sent to Israel. Oh
Israel
Why why why would anybody in their right mind while with any person in its right mind want to go to Israel
Just because you got it your Jewish you got to go to Israel. No
Go see the real world. That's not the real world
That's a slaughterhouse. That's where everybody sitting around waiting to get blown up on a bus
That's where people are fighting over a crappy piece of land in the middle of a desert all desert
Got like him, you know who he's talking about going on vacation to the Grand Canyon and backpacking and this and that and doing all the all of these things
Why are the backpack is way through Europe and stay at the youth hostels and to you know go to Amsterdam and go to a Paris and go to all
Rome and see what the real world is all about. I'm not making it up
I have no best I've invested interest. I had no idea 12 years ago when I first made my trip to Europe what I was gonna
counter over there
Flood difference between day and night
And yeah, there are places where the people are scumbags like in France
I wouldn't go back to Paris if they paid for the trip if they give me $10,000 spending money unless I could leave it after the first five minutes
scumb trash garbage
human excrement
But there are a lot of places where where the people are real honest to God people and they really know how to live and you don't live in a slaughterhouse
And you can walk the streets and people are civilized and they have respect for human life. Wow. What a concept
So the fact that I respect those kinds of societies and that's my idea of what life ought to be all about. Well, if you can't handle that that's too bad
Neon
25 till two of five sixty wq. I'm playing that and I'm thinking about these people to talk about the devil this and the devil that and I was thinking about the image you know this red devil
With the horns on the head and the big long tail and the pitch folk. I mean devil without a pitch for it. They ain't no real devil
You know I don't have a big long pitch folk. I think he's gonna stick in the back dome with it. Yeah, probably
Huh? I mean, what's more fanciful the devil or sat sanny clause at least Santa Claus. You know he's fuzzy and he's got a beard and he only bugs you only once a year
You know and comes down with chimneys courts court like that
But the devil he's there all the time doing all these bad things
All this evil every time something happened the devil made me do it all of these things. That's right
God is good. God is wonderful. God is love. But the devil. Ah, there's the problem. There's the rub
So quit rubbing it. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello
And yes, Neil. Yes, I am. I just want to tell you what I feel and all these guys who need handguns. Yeah, a bunch of pussy faggots. That's right
And that's what I said. That's what no penis. And how come there's a quarter of a million handguns? How do you're in T. It's your own
person? Well, they've got that five each. No, that's one per person. We just haven't spread them around. We haven't distributed them all yet
Who's the faggots? Okay. Thank you. That's right
Just like a lot of the sports baggots who call in on this radio station who are lives that are obsessed with the guys running around with tight pants and jocks wraps on
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. The devil. Oh the devil's gonna get you
I mean stop and think about that really just just stop. I know it's very difficult to depress. We don't want to be depressing
Well
Think about that people who really honest to God. Oh, he say God. Yeah, honest to F and God believe in the devil
Oh, and you know the devil is horny all the time. That's why sex is evil because devil's got those horns on that's right
He's got those two big crooked hook to rock. It's like I tell you one thing better than the antlers on the mantelpiece
How about the devil's horns? That would be something then
Tell some stories to your grandkids
How you got you the devil and you got his horns right there on the mantel to show it
Right, Mickey? Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yeah, it is yes, sir. Oh, yeah great
Just want to comment. I'm sick and tired of people
Blaming guns for all the problems of this country right
Great man guns are beautiful. Hey guns are wonderful. Hey, you believe in your first amendment rights, don't you?
Yeah, right. Oh, no, you don't we sir don't waste don't waste my time with the baloney about a well-regulated militia
I don't like it. I don't
Don't tell me what I should believe you ask me
I don't care what you believe. Okay. I don't guess what then I don't care what you believe
How do you like that gun hugger? I was gonna listen to you
But if you don't care what I believe then go listen to some other show find out what large ass limbo believes
Illigridia
Illigrid with all your right wing bull crap all the way down the road
He doesn't care what I believe see what I'm saying. I'm delighted this guy call because he's a classic example of the gun hugger mentality
He doesn't care what anybody else believes
I mean they had slaves before the revolution before the civil war too
Does that mean that because Jefferson had slaves and slept with at least one of them?
Therefore it should be okay today. Is that what that means sir?
Probably in his mind. Yes
At least put him in the right place, you know
This baloney about well this says this and this says that and by the way speaking of that
I'll tell you another part of the big problem we got in America today
And I it's because I cliche but it is oh so true now that we got people like lonely fifty dollars
I'm Jerry Spence on there and all these other media horrors
To pontificate and share their expertise with us is if they know something lawyers
See in America you've got to commit the most abhorrent crimes
But hey guess what people don't get punished all the time because if they got enough money or enough fame like
OJ and they got the right attorneys in there to write lawyers to manipulate the system
We don't ever punish them they go out and play golf every day
That's right lawyers with no conscience scumbag lawyers defending scumbag clients
People who are threatened the real danger to all society that's what America's all about
We don't give a crap about justice. We just give a crap about who can afford the best lawyers
With no conscience
Right Johnny Cochrane? Yeah
May 5th
stations are giving away trips to cancels. I'm we're giving away trips to Mexico City
But who are we are bringing Mexico to use that's right. We're giving away Mexicans real live Mexicans
Go around
We're smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station back
Then we hope you want to you imagine your own personal Mexicans. They'll wash your car
In your house. Yeah, your crop
Anything you want because if they don't you'll have them deported
Audio
He's a headquarter when you hear this time
And win a Mexican members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans
Fading and deloshing the Mexicans his winners responsibility station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans
That's a great single-be-myo with your own home
Every day with your very own Mexicans people to think away
Okay, 144-560 WQM love that Cinco de Mayo unfortunately
Is that anybody in this kind of interest in that holiday? No, we have any Mexicans here no besides down there in like Florida City picking grapes
Why is that why don't we have some nice Mexicans here? I'm sorry. I should never have asked you that question
I mean Luis Miguel. He's nice. He's okay
Here's the Hollywood hello
Neil and then there's yes sir. Yeah a couple things um. I've been listening to you. I'm trying to write my art paper
But I couldn't help but call okay um. I'm a younger guy. Yeah, I'm going 25. You know
But uh, I think this this whole situation with all the violence and everything with these kids blowing up and everything
I think it all starts with with the parenting, you know, yeah
I'm gonna use myself as an example, okay? I was as like 12 years old. I was taken hunting
Okay, by my pastor the church
Okay, my new thing hunting by the pastor of the church. Yeah. Why is that? Well
My mother was single mother, you know, and I didn't really have a father figure or anything right and the pastor had stepped in
whatever and
You know, it might be messed up after taking a little kid to go kill animals whatever
But it taught me a respect for handgun. Okay, okay, the other thing is that my mother was a strict disciplinarian
She didn't beat me, but she spanked me, right? And I'd like to go on ma. Yeah, you know
And you know at the time when when she did it, whatever, you know, I'd be pissed at her because she spanked me whatever now
I by fully understand, you know, and I think that these kids today are taught that as soon as a parent lays a hand on them
That is child abuse and I kind of get a lawyer and parental
Malpractice right right and
You know and and now that parents are scared to death to discipline their kids so they give them time out
What the hell is that? You know, that's nothing
You know and one of my friends now I'm not proud of it. I'm not proud of this
But one of my friends that you know, I met in high school or whatever he had grown up two parents in the household
No discipline whatsoever. He's now doing life in Rayford
You understand what I'm saying. Yeah, I mean no respect for human life nothing
You know, but me I have a single parent with a mother that taught me from the get-go. Yeah, you know, to respect human life
You know, so I think some that has to be done about the parenting situation
And I know we can't say that you know parents have to be licensed to have kids or whatever
But I think that we can hold parents responsible for their kids actions. Amen. You know what I'm saying? Amen
But I have a request. Yes, sir
It's like the Limerick's phone, you know what I'm talking about yeah at the end is as if you think this song dirty
Go after yourself, right? Okay, and can I call someone's do you sure? Yeah?
Yeah, everyone that's playing football today in Cooper City tonight
Do you expect okay? See you later. See you
Now which one is that if you think this is dirty go after yourself. What is that?
Minus farmer's daughter. Oh farmer's daughter
Boy you're right on top of that huh? Oh, if farmer's daughter is in this
Now you put farmer's daughter in the in the thing
There's for a cock the mishpah there's no farmer's daughter in it. No farmer's life
But in there either. No, it's not in there. I'll get to it. Just a couple of minutes. I know exactly I know where to put my finger on it and the bit too
Okay, where we going here's a big pine key. Hello
Neil God. Yes, sir. How are you today great? All right
I'm calling into a response to that call you have I think it was on tape about the lady that
Oh, yeah, that's an old one. Yeah. Yeah, I believe so by the way for the guy that comes and I don't care what you think
Yes, what we don't care what you think either smart ass. I think we're going
I'd like to put my two cents worth in of how much I think your values are excellent and
We incorporate them into our family and use them for our kids every day to get a daily dose of Neil God, right?
And I got my head screwed on straights or DNH makes all the sense that we're doing all harm and
That's right period. That's it. We're simple. It's so simple. It's such common sense
What's the big deal isn't cost any money? Don't have to go to some stupid service and mumble a lot of stupid words
Right, you don't have to pray to some supernatural being that certainly doesn't exist and never responds anyway
Correct and two years ago. I couldn't get my fun into Boycecalf because we had put down the
We didn't believe in God
This year he's got to start
Because he believes in God now, but when he says the pledge he says Neil God there you go
So there is a God and God both you got into the boys. Thanks God. Thank you. Keep up the good. Yeah, take it
Neil God, I don't keep saying that. Why do you say that? It's like you know what's like?
It's like the assholes that kept asking where did I wear the armor because on the TV show on whammy
See, I never should have done that because I thought that there might be a little bit of intellect out there that people might
understand that it was a joke that it was a theoretical that it was a biting commentary and like oh
How come is he like really religious isn't that kind of hypocritical?
You know like
What is that? Where the hell do that come from? How can you get that with two teas, baby? Huh?
Yeah, well, even this thing's acting up today. Well, I want to pick on Daruligan. You leave him alone
He deserves his 80th chance, don't you raford?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the 18 2 wireless line
Oh, he just makes so much damn sense when you're gonna stop saying these things. Yeah, that's a problem too much sense
They got it, you know, I don't care what you think. Well, I'm great. Why would you call somebody if you don't want to have a conversation
What's the point? You want to make a speech get yourself a little soapbox go out on a street corner somewhere
Meantime, I'm talking to hundreds of thousands of people every week in this guy
You know, he don't want to have a conversation because he doesn't care what anybody else thinks unless of course we agree with him
Which we all know exactly what that is that the American fucking way unless I'm looking now because I don't trust that thing
