The Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Shut my gif.
He just fauxé, free, high.
A rock, he won't even with a chunk loaded by 81's weight.
That's his Pila B-Core.
And if I have some busted cap, I'll just say I didn't do this.
Back City, here I be gone.
And when I get to crack city, I go to the third world.
And I'm around the trouble who be fighting my gif.
I'll be going to crack city to the floating nightclub.
Yeah, I'll be going to crack city and be stabbed in my blood.
When I be going to crack city and I'm not my joke.
I never go to crack city without packing my gun.
Yeah, jeez, doc, fauxé, free, high.
You know that every now and then I feel some crack to my life.
Dude, crack city, here I be gone.
Some was fucked up on the intersection working for free food.
Crack city, here I be gone.
Well, I'll be cruising by the verbal house with no windows.
And be nagging on my wish or she my favorite home.
Home, home, home.
Yeah, he's going to crack city and I'm going to fill my crack.
I'll be going to crack city, you can count on that.
I'll be going to crack city and blast my rap.
I'll be going to crack city because I've been there again.
To rock, fauxé, free, high.
And that's the book of the guitar, you know.
And then when he's talking about you, you may get this way.
You don't get tough.
Oh, fuck.
Home.
11.03.55.60.
The name of the book is pros and cons.
The criminals who play the NFL by Jeff Benedict and Von Jager.
After her position determined that the fetus did not suffer any fatal injuries,
Cooksy opted to go through with the pregnancy.
The derro is mean.
I received a call from Thomas attorney Howard Weinberg.
The Weinberg apologized derro told the police and said he was going to make sure
the bills get paid.
He's going to take care of it.
See that the market's counseling and make sure it doesn't happen again,
according to court documents.
However, it did happen again.
And the problem was not taken care of.
After appearing in nine games for the dolphins in 1996,
while his lawyer successfully delayed the disposition of his case until after the season,
Thomas was sentenced to 18 months probation for aggravated battery on a pregnant female on February 24, 1997.
He was also awarded to spend 10 days in Broward County, jail,
which was to be served on weekends and to complete the 13-week
battery intervention program at Lifeline in Miami.
The dolphins then offered Thomas a new contract on March 11, 1997.
Three weeks later, Thomas assaulted Cooksy again.
On March 29, Metro Dade Police were dispatched to the couple's coconut grove home,
Cooksy at this point had given birth to a baby boy who was now six weeks old.
Upon arrival, the officers found Thomas holding the newborn.
Cooksy was discovered in the couple's bedroom, crying.
Her underwear was torn.
There were scratches on her right hand, left shoulder and neck.
After she told Officer Gras that Thomas tore her underwear three times and choked her,
he was arrested, issued his Miranda rights, and escorted to the back of the police cruiser.
After Thomas's arrest, probation officers learned that he had yet to begin the counseling program
that was supposed to be part of his probation.
A subsequent report signed by correctional probation supervisor, Jasmine V. Siegelman,
and correctional, the fellow men and correctional probation officer,
Durette Jones, recommended that Thomas's probation be extended to 24 months
with a longer period of counseling.
Thus giving Thomas a chance to change his temper and be able to live as a law-biting citizen.
The report also indicated that Thomas had accumulated 88 total sentencing points,
which carries a maximum of 75 months in state prison.
Johnson's initial decision to hire Thomas in 1996 came before the town of the receiver
had been formally convicted of anything.
By the time the team reshined him a year later, Thomas was a convicted felon.
Now he was charged with assaulting his fiance again and found to be in violation of his probation.
Did any of this change Thomas's playing status with at all?
Not exactly.
There were no reported disciplinary measures taken by the team.
No ultimatums laid down.
But Weinberg said that the team strongly encouraged Thomas to seek counseling.
There are selfish motives on the part of the dolphins' argue,
really because they want them to be the best player possible explained Weinberg.
But they're saying if you want to reach your full potential,
then you have to be able to meet the challenge of dealing with the problems off the field.
No one is capable of completely separating his personal life with his professional life.
These things bleed through.
Jimmy Johnson declined to be interviewed on his decision to continue playing Thomas.
The office however did interview other former air dolphins familiar with the Thomas case.
The role of the coach to win plays a large role in how they responded to these situations,
said ex-Mommy dolphins defensive back, lifered Hobley, and an interview for this book.
Hobley worked for the dolphins when the running back Irving Spice was arrested for beating his wife in 1995.
Don Shula was the head coach then and Hobley saw stark differences in the way that Spice and the Thomas cases were handled.
On August 29, 1995, Pember Pines Police officers respited the way domestic violence complained at Spice residents.
According to the police report, Spice choked his wife and struck her in the face before throwing her to the floor.
Stacey Spice sustained injuries to the neck, knees, and right foot.
The following day, Shula met with Spice, who was entering a second season in the NFL.
Despite not being convicted of anything, Spice was informed by Shula that he was on disciplinary probation for a full year,
any more incidents than he would be dismissed.
Domestic violence is definitely something that Shula would not condone, said Hobley, who actively worked with Spice in an attempt to get him counseling.
Shula made sure Spice got into counseling. It was mandatory. He had to go at least two hours a week, Spice felt threatened for his job.
According to Hobley, after Spice met with Shula, he said, if I get cut from here, who's going to give me an opportunity after this guy, Shula cuts me, everybody respect him.
Spice pleaded no contest to battery on May 16, 1996. However, as of the publication of this book, Spice has had no further contact with law enforcement for taking domestic violence.
He was cut by the dolphins during the 1998 off season.
In contrast, Thomas faced no apparent disciplinary action from Johnson, nor was Thomas required to fulfill his obligation to attend anger management courses.
Oh, do I love that term? Anger management courses.
Under Shula, anything that you didn't got caught doing it, you were gone no matter who you were, according to Hobley.
Anything happens outside the realm of this organization that I hear about. There's no question you didn't hear out here, Shula used to say.
On April 24, 1997, Judge Jeffrey D. Cohen signed a warrant for Thomas's arrest for violating the terms of his probation.
It read in part, the probationer did commit the offensive simple battery on March 29, 1997 as alleged in date circuit court.
Thomas was arrested again and jail pending his trial.
It wasn't until Thomas was incarcerated, according to Weinberg, that Thomas started to confront his problem.
One day while Weinberg was visiting Thomas at the Broward County Jail, a guard knocked on the door of the private cubicle and interrupted the conversation.
It's time the guard said to Thomas, time for what Weinberg asked him.
Weinberg soon discovered that a group of at-risk teenagers were touring the jail in conjunction with a scared straight program.
Thomas, when he found out about their visit, had volunteered to speak to the youths.
According to Weinberg, Thomas stood up in front of the boys, wearing his jailhouse jumpsuit, and told them, I'm locked up here.
I have a baby at home, I'm sending him the wrong signal, and I play football in the NFL, so you probably think I'm pretty tough.
Well, guess what, I'm not too tough to cry. You never want to be in the situation I'm in.
Prosecutors suddenly dropped the charges against Thomas on May 14th, and he was released from jail.
Coocee has decided not to testify against Thomas, leaving prosecutors without their prime witness.
Coocee's reluctance is typical of domestic violence victims, but rarely understood by individuals who have an experienced violence in the home.
Sometimes victims had good reasons for not testifying, explained domestic violence judge Ed Newman, former dolphins lineman.
The domestic violence is like a dance.
In this dance, one is the aggressor perpetrator, the other is the victim.
The victim adopts strategies to avoid the next beating.
Some victims think in this procedural context of a trial that they'll be beaten if they step forward as a witness.
Sometimes they're concerned about a retaliation. Sometimes the victim is financially and emotionally dependent on the perpetrator.
After playing in two Super Bowls under Schule, Newman completed his law degree and was later elected to the bench.
He's one of a group of Florida judges who've been assigned a here domestic violence cases on an exclusive basis.
When there's an apparent problem, when you see a young lady with a black eye and it happens again and again, somebody needs to intervene, said Newman.
Not only for the good of the individuals, but for the good of the image of the league and of the dolphins.
Apparently nobody had ever intervened on Ed Newman's behalf. Thomas got talked to many times about the need to address his problems, but there was little incentive in the way of consequences.
After his incarceration, however, Weinberg said that Thomas started to take counseling quite seriously.
A black male, particularly one of the place professional sports does not see reaching off for Secretary Adverture Helper.
Counseling is a viable option explained. Weinberg, they see that as a sign of weakness.
So if it was great, it was a great value when Lamar stood up in front of a banker reporters and said, I need professional counseling.
And that doesn't mean that I'm not a man.
According to Weinberg, Thomas Cooksy and their child were living together as of the spring of 1998.
At that point in time, Thomas had been counseling for nearly a year. Thomas declined the office invitation to be interviewed for this book.
As far as Jimmy Johnson's motives for keeping Thomas on the roster throughout the assaults arrest in jail time, they want to win games. Weinberg said, there is no question about it.
If they can get him to play his best, they've helped themselves, but I definitely noticed concern that this was separate in the part from just those issues.
When assessing whether Johnson is acting out of raw self interest or altruism, it is difficult to overlook that in 1998, Dan Moreno is throwing the ball to two athletically gifted criminals.
Thomas endured and both been convicted of violent crimes. His own words from a press conference October of 1997 seemed to sell up his motives best.
The bottom line is production, Jimmy said.
All right. Nice going, Jimmy. All right.
Okay, that's all I'm going to read. Sorry about all the reading, okay?
But I know that most of you won't go out and buy the book and won't read it. So why not?
Pros and cons, the criminals who play in the NFL.
Remember, this is the best of the old Rogers. No call today. It's all been previously recorded.
Hey, Brian, are you happy? I hate WLB again. I'm so much. I'll be them happy.
Tonight on Let's Watch Animal Screw, it's a dicey situation for the intrepid wildlife crew as they inadvertently interrupt a wild gorilla in the mist orgy.
Soundman Richard is mated with a 500 pound silverback male. Follow the couple as they register at Macy's and pick out a flatware pattern.
It's all on tonight. Let's watch Animal Screw.
By the way, one of the offerings offered is your friend and it says that the National Football League is far more talented in violent crimes than it is of other transgressions such as gambling and steroids because gambling and steroids get at the credibility of the game.
But violence, that'd be okay. If you know when you come out of the ghetto, you're expected to be violent. Just these little anger management, you'll be okay.
Like OJ, you'll be okay until you just lose it. Here's Palm Beach. Hello.
So Neil. Yes, sir. How's the building today? Okay. Although it's shaking.
Oh, okay. Let's go. Where we going to? A crawlgables. Hello.
Yes, Neil. Do you think it's safe to generalize everybody that comes out of the inner city?
Who did that?
Sounds like you're doing it. Oh, I am. Yeah. In other words, we're reading specific stories about specific people. But so did you hear it in the words that I read?
So you just got a chip on your head. No, it's because of the music and you have the...
Because of the music? There is typical black voice singing about crack. You know, I don't think it's fair.
Oh, you're talking about the bits that I play? Yeah. So who says that everybody that comes out of the inner city is a criminal?
Okay. That's that's that's. Okay. Okay. Well, thank God we straighten that out. Okay. Got to do these disclaimers so that these professional ethics don't get all bent out of shape.
Get out of here. Okay. Blow it out your ass. Go find a life. Go get a search party. Open line and Broward. This is a tremendous response after what I just read there. This is assimilating.
Two bozos back to back. 560, 560, 0560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, hey, nail. Yes, sir. You could criticize these football players for what they did. How did you get off of your crime when you got caught?
Oh, how did I get off of my life? Did I commit any violent crime? So was I accused of a violent crime blow it out your ass?
Oh, you know, this is unbelievable. This is exactly the mentality we're dealing with. And like I said, it's not these guys fault.
It's the fan because they'll support it. They don't give a crap what these guys do as long as we win as long as they run fast and jump high just like Brian blades.
Maybe you don't have time to talk to you guys. He's got to go out there to see anil and play. That's what you're rosin house said. Give me a frickin break. Okay.
Go talk to P. We herman and blow it out your ass. Here's a lady mobile in Delray B. Chellow. Hi, how you doing? Okay, man? Hey, you know what? You are completely right.
Three more on back to back to back. Yeah. Don't don't understand because I'm not in their heroes. Don't you want to stand for five and two? We don't want to hear about all the criminals on here.
Exactly. About on the college football team. All these other dumb jocks. I agree. I've been turned on to you for six months.
And I've been trying to turn on my girlfriends and everything else on to you. I'm a woman. I agree with like 95 or maybe almost 100% of what you say.
And even with the OJ situation, okay. He goes and kills and gets off. And what do we do? We're still waiting and look at tabloids and there and that he was.
He was in mind that he would mind the day that he was debating arrest. He was in a taco that we had all these assholes running around there with signs on the LA freeway.
Go OJ. You're talking about the dumb Americans we were talking about a bunch of idiots. You got that right here. You got that right. And my thing is, I think it's time to boycott football.
I spoke all widows. We see them sitting around the TV and our husbands are going to beer watching it and going, go, go, go.
Did there is a what about a police record? What's going on? Give them enough at home. Maybe they won't watch them no more. And games too. I wouldn't spend the money to go see them.
My son wanted to buy a jersey from, I think it was adults and some kind of crap. I said, I won't see a adult in Jersey on your back son. And you know, hey, that's how my feelings are.
I'm going to go out here. Two open lines in the ground five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you're absolutely right. I used to play football and they don't care. As long as you can run fast, somebody. Love you. Yeah. That's all they care about. They don't care about nothing else. You can kill somebody and they'll get you off of it. And you know, I'm sure that there's some of these dolphins out there thinking, but you know, Shula didn't win anything in a long time. I mean, it's not all years.
And go, but Shula at least was a didn't put up with this crap. But Jimmy Johnson, hey, we're five and two. Do you want to care what Jimmy does that?
He's got a point for he's got to look good. So he's he's going to do whatever he can to make himself look good. Thank you.
Thank God, he had training at U of M in his Dallas too. Okay, I'll get there. Okay. Thank God that Michael Irvings, another one of those.
I'm sending guys that Jimmy can take credit for. We have an open line of day by all you can't say these things. I mean, yeah, right. And I said before, how come the sports segment on this radio station?
How come they're not the ones talking about this book and interviewing these authors? Because the several pages that I read there is terminal and his boring as it may have been to some people.
Nevertheless, that was all about stuff going right here in this town. And also, there is a footnote, by the way, which I didn't read, but just to show you how up to date the book is because it was written just a couple of months ago. It was a release.
Editors know that the end of chapter I read. Marina will not be handing off the Phillips and goes on about how Jimmy Johnson has a number of talented running back to replace him and began fumbling the ball and training camp.
John, John, explainer reporters his decision to release Phillips had little to do with the troubled athletes. Most recent press with the law and police. And it says as the book goes to press police are still investigating allegations that he assaulted the woman of Miami nightclub in June. And here it is the end of October. We heard any more about that.
No, I haven't heard the final disposition of that. Nobody ever heard any more about that. No, no.
Lawrence Phillips, one of the real scumbags in the history of the human race. Stuck his girlfriend in a goddamn stand up post post office box there in Lincoln, Nebraska, beat her after beating the crap out of her.
But hey, you know, these guys got to have anger management courses. They got to have yet they came out of the ghetto. They're right. Tell the call brown that too. Okay, that OJ came out of the ghetto and tell Ron Golden and his family while you're at it.
Always got excuses for aberrant, unacceptable violent behavior. Don't wait. Here's Miami. Hello.
Okay, here's a mobile in always like those guys that got to say, well, that's always impressive to me. Tim can't over the phone. Mobile in North Lauderdale. Hello.
How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Listen, I got to respond to this. This sounds like you're making a big deal out of something that's been going on forever. There's what you're talking about right now.
There's nothing new to anything you're saying. This has been going on in sports beginning of time. Yeah. And so in other words, people shouldn't be talking about it.
No, no, no, no, you're right about bringing it to the public attention. But what I think is what's going on here and what's dragging it out so much is that the proliferation of media and the ability for media to just take things and blow them out on all over the airwaves and make such a big fuss out of them in a hoopla in the way that they're almost controlling what's going on now is that it's become something that's going on.
It's also sensational that the big picture is been completely blown away that these are people from underprivileged areas. Oh, here we go.
Okay, okay, what's going on here? It's serious. Tell that to Ron.
Exactly. I think I'm playing. I don't. I didn't I tell you that. I told George that as soon as I finished reading, we went to the break and I said the response is going to be from assholes like Cesar.
I'll listen to anybody say almost any opinions, but that I will not listen to. I don't care what area you come from.
That's not an excuse for violent behavior against other people. It's not an excuse for murder. It's not an excuse for assault. It's not an excuse for treating women like like some human garbage. It's not an excuse. I'm sick and tired of hearing that.
Whether you're black, whether you're white, I'm not interested in hearing it. Whether it's body, conscious, whether it's God, they're wearing spikes.
I'm others. Mark Fitzpatrick. I don't want to hear about it. Mark Fitzpatrick didn't come from a goddamn underprivileged neighborhood. Neither did Bobby Cox.
Jesus, Joseph, what a sad, sad, sad, sad. And you know, the interesting part is it points out in this book. See, and now you understand where he was coming from in the beginning. Well, the media has blown this all up. No, the media ought to be blown it up. That's why this book is so goddamn great.
Paying millions of dollars to the lowest scumbags on a face of death, just like Mike Tyson, there's a classic example. See the boxing fans in this country.
They don't give a crap. What makes it how Tyson does? How many people he rapes? How many ears he chooses off? How average is behaviorist? They want to pay to see him fight some stumble, but forget because for whatever reason.
Because to them that's exciting. So don't confuse them with the fact.
What this horse crack and in addition to which these are the guys, these are these select few guys who've been taken out of the, out of the ghettos and given the opportunity to make millions of dollars.
80% of the players in the NBA are black.
What would most of those guys be doing if they weren't playing basketball and making millions and millions of dollars? What would they be doing?
So when somebody gives you the opportunity to make millions of dollars and be a big hero and a big celebrity and then you turn around and continue being a scumbag, something's wrong there somewhere, right Mark Dupur?
I mean you could go down the list. You got a list as long as your arm and your leg put together.
And this guy's trying to make excuse. Sure I got, I'm in all my life. I've been a liberal, but you know something when it comes to this, that's why I draw the line.
I'm not interested in the labels. When it comes to the death penalty, fry them. When it comes to scumbags who have no respect for other people, put them away and throw away the goddamn key.
And I knew that this would be the, I told you that right during the break. I said, you wait and see. Oh, they were underprivileged. They came from the ghetto. They grew up in these gangs. Well, you know something they were given a chance to get out.
How many chances did they get? It's like how many beers does it take to enjoy a sporting event here? How many chances do they have to get before we finally say, well, you know,
thank God Lawrence Taylor got off drugs. Oh, I'm sorry.
Sports radio 560 WQ AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the best of Neil Rogers. No live calls will be taken today. Neil is on tape.
Okay, that paper many this, but he's not here. Please don't call the opinions heard on the Neil Rogers show are those of the hosting colleagues and do not necessarily reflect abuse of these really that position or the easily brought has group.
It's management or anyone else for that matter. Now remember, this is the best of Neil do not call. Just relax and enjoy on 560 Q AM.
Floridians dumb as dirt.
You can get somebody to believe anything.
You can get somebody to believe anything.
You can get somebody to believe anything.
You can get somebody to believe anything.
Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, three things. I agree with you 100% on this book and what's in exposing these people and bring us to the detention.
I think that you're picking on black people with that. And secondly, the one guy was right about the media blowing things out of proportion because, you know, I think when did when did Mitchell sign for the backup quarterback? Wasn't it yesterday from Detroit?
That is the backup quarterback. What are you talking about? No, that was the big rumor with the dog. Okay, thank you. More information. The herald is talking about. Okay. I'm not talking football. I see that's the bad thing. I'm talking about society. Okay. I'm not talking about football. And they're not finding Scott Mitchell. He's making too much money. He's not playing. And he's a stiff. He's a nice guy. And he's what everybody is a stiff and overpaid.
Open line of day 5 6705 60.5 60 on the mobile one line. Now this guy before I mean, I hope we got the tape of that. That guy was the definitive. And I'll be God then if I'm going to sit here. He's called before. He's called before. He must have written down. And must have a speech written down reading and verbatim.
You've got to understand the media bonus all out of proportion. And this is nothing new. And you've got to understand these guys came out of the ghetto. And I we don't care. I don't care where you come from. If you're a dangerous subhuman piece of dirt, I'm not interested in hearing about anger management. I'm not hearing about interested in hearing about being misunderstood. If the people have problems, then make them get counseling and make them be fit citizens in the community before you give them all these millions of dollars and set them on his role models to your kids. That was what would be my suggestion.
And obviously Jimmy Johnson don't give a crap because like I said before, including his days in Dallas and his days at the University of Miami, he never met a criminal. He didn't like just like a dick for me. They're in St. Louis and just like a time I was born late of Nebraska.
These guys, they don't give a crap as long as you can win as long as you can run fast, as long as you can catch them all, they don't give a crap. How illiterate you are, what a scumbag you are, they don't care.
And I keep hearing, oh well, the networks are paying billions of dollars. Well, isn't that a sad goddamn commentary paying billions of dollars and they can't understand why fewer and fewer people are watching to, by the way, seems to be working in inverse proportion.
Because I know, I know that for that $91 million Mike Piotts up there in New York is probably going to solve most of the social problems of mankind. He's going to come up with a cure for cancer, for AIDS, for tuberculosis, for epilepsy, multiple sclerosis. You name it. Mike, I mean, $91 million, he must be going to do something awfully god damn important up there.
I'm going to get all the people in New York out of the ghetto. It's right. Here's Kendall. Hello. Have you seen the money? A matter of doors play. Open line of day five six seven or five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Volca. Hello.
Volca. Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir. I got two things to ask you. Yeah. Well, one is I went down the pickup.
Both your CDs at the borders and point in beach by my house. And they hate you like poison too. Yeah, they looked at me like I was. Well, you know something. I'll be very honest with you. I'm at these stories are no I mean.
I heard this crap about the place in plantation and plantations are number one seller so far. So the fact that they may be well when you say they hate me like poison. If some clerk don't look at you just right. I can't worry about that. We're doing just fine. We're doing great. Oh, yeah, I believe that. Yeah.
Also, I'm a huge supporter of your DNH right and I want to ask you what's your views on Anton Lave. On what? Anton Lave. Who? He was the founder of the church of Satan. Not as a part of him. Never with the church of St. Norris. Did you ever hear of Anton Lave? George? Yes. He's not. He's not like. Yeah. Make my life. I just stereotype it as someone who was a devil worshiper. Yeah. And what about it? What about that? Why would you even?
Ask me that. No, no, no, that's that's not what his like feel is. He runs off the same DNH that you're speaking of but the haters hate themselves and the fascists will destroy themselves. And through that there will become a better group of people unified as race. Yeah. What? I don't need to read anybody else. I don't need to go into all the great philosophers of all time. Not interested in any of that. It's very simple. It's common sense. That's why it's too easy for most people. Okay. Do know harm that to end of discussion.
Just like these illiterate jocks we're talking about. You know harm. Oh, well, we can't do that because we're from the ghetto. Oh, I'm sorry. We've forgotten you run fast. So let's forget about it. We have an open line of days 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
See immediately is like the hair on the back of the dogs neck or a cat goes up in the air like that's the kind of reaction you get because these people, especially on this radio station, they don't want to hear this kind of thing.
They want to know let me have your opinion about the green Bay San Francisco game. You think they're going to cover this spread. That's what the people listen to this radio station. That's the kind of stuff that they can think their teeth and do.
Don't confuse them with the facts because they don't give a crap. Like I said about Mike Tyson, they don't care how many women he raped. If he killed a few people, they don't care about that. They don't care about how much violence there was out there.
And obviously with the Vegas hurting now all of a sudden because of the economy and the Japanese economy, they don't care either because they give me goddamn license to box again and spite of all the violence in the average behavior in the scumbags that follow him around and were there in Vegas for that last ugly scene.
In spite of that, they say, all while we are doing for Givia, we understand that you have got a bum deal. We like my hammer. I'll leave even though we can't speak. He's sitting over there shaking because he got the, you know, his head is a piece of cauliflower now. Like a piece of raw meat.
So you bet Mike, here's your license back and we hope we can all make a lot of money. Let's have a good time.
But it's even just going to stand wise to violent country. I can't figure that.
21 before noon at 560 WQM. If you're not getting a good night's sleep, if you're tossing and turning because you're worried about Bruce Smith and Andre Reed, like I heard the other day. Oh, yeah. Sleepless knife over Bruce Thomas.
Oh God Bruce Smith and I said, we're about to guys.
Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No call today. It's all been previously recorded the best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded the best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been previously recorded the best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded the best of Neil on 560 QAM.
I didn't do nothing. I didn't do nothing. I didn't do nothing. I didn't do nothing. I didn't do nothing.
I didn't do nothing. I didn't do nothing. I didn't do nothing. I didn't do nothing. I didn't do anything. I didn't do nothing. I wasn't joking.
Thank you. Sixteenth who knew this 560 QAM. We got to hang out here two, two, two and we got to get an advantage.
Yeah. From six to eight. Name who got to get transfers. Oh boy. Battles. Oh my God.
It should conglomerate a clock tonight. So anyway, what's the timing? How did you know this was in there?
I didn't joke reminded me like oh Joe would know Joe would know because he I think he is Antonla Hey with here is one of his
Yeah, he got a la Valle la Valle Hey is in oh
Yeah, so here's an article in school magazine of all places about Dr. Anton LaValle and how he has started this a bull crap in
1969 he did this and shaved his head and yada yada yada and went to work on our sales department and
I mean you read it as a bunch of double talk
It's more see it eliminates the double talk. You don't need another religion to replace a little ones
You're getting rid of that's the problem
If you're trying to get rid of religion, why not have the after invented new one?
DNA simple three words don't need Nietzsche
You don't need god damn and Rand you don't need Freud you don't need anybody all you need don't need this asshole with a bald head
This is the guy that's on that's kind of sequence, isn't he?
Just a joke Joe Jesus Christ. It's just a joke man lighten up. Oh, yeah more ways than one
I don't mean he's lightning off
And ton of it like I said forget about reading all this bull crap all this double talk
Taking something so very simple and making it very complicated and try to a
Why why would anybody even waste their time of that crap? You know I'm saying unless they're trying to well
You know suck it a bunch of people like this other guy
So they can make the fun. I mean you know just like Madelow here disappeared with whatever money they had allegedly and the kid
Maybe she went to purgatory
Here's a Hollywood hello
Neil yes, sir
I asked about this and I was here Georgia's comments while we're on haulers. Yes, okay
That's a free abomas on the show didn't encourage you to call okay. I was just curious. Yes
She's like a history of this country going back to Thai top where he beat a cripple person in the stand
I didn't really and can kill the porter
He's been I never heard of a right yeah, so they've moved to protect their sports heroes. Uh-huh
It's you know, I can read you. Where did you read that about Thai cop?
Fairies articles
My parents were talking to a town in Northeast Georgia where he's live right and they still can't stand them because he was a real SOB
And I don't think he cares at this point. You know I'm saying that much difference now
Well, it's just like constantly our sports heroes like you and I did some of that stuff
We can jail for a way to keep I mean when you're talking about violent crimes
Whether you're talking about killing people beating the crap out of women and other people and maybe shooting people
I mean, we're we're not talking about the little diddling stuff
We're not talking about people smoking a little weed or whatever a little we're talking about violent crime is what we're talking about in a
Grotesquely violence society and these people are supposed to be role models and they're put up on pedestals
Hey, we worship you. Can we have your autograph great?
And it's not the attitudes like you grew up in the ghetto there are 20 people that grew up in the ghetto
Yes, they're not killing people right right and come out and they're also not making millions of dollars
A year so what what see society if we got any brains we shouldn't be asking it where did you grow up?
We just expected to conform to certain just minimal things we expected to conform to and if you can't do that then let's put you in a cage somewhere
And how do they say?
A cage sounds right because animals, you know wild animals we put in a cage
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach hello. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Yes. You know, I'm kind of trying to do people talking about people
Group in the ghetto being dismaligrant because they can excuse us for them. I grew up in the ghetto
I was not if I can mind me on 20th 30,000 in the middle of the ghetto. Have you come anybody this week?
And I didn't kill anybody right and I was able to get out of the ghetto and stop my own business and have a business for myself
So it's a it's a
Coppaw those people who try to make excuses because they were poor and they were in the ghetto because I was poor
And I didn't turn out like anyone of them see more of the people are making excuses like that
Assela called me about a half an hour ago this this guy is a jock sniffer
And so it doesn't make any difference. What does heroes do?
They've always gotten an excuse they need anger management
But as long as they can make him feel better about himself because it's his team and it can win some games
Then he doesn't care what they do really exactly. I say put him all in jail. All right
Okay pal congratulations. Yeah, there you go
This time I mean if everybody who grew up in a ghetto was like the like OJ
If everybody was murdering everybody and totally out of control and beating women all over the guy down place
Then we'd have anarchy
Because we got millions of people to grew up in a goddamn ghetto
All but it's an excuse not for me. It's not
Here's a lady mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh my own sounds like you
Here twin sister. Oh, no, I don't have one of those. I've been listening to you since 1987 and today
You finally got me out of the closet. Oh my god. Wow. I totally agree with you
I
Think that we set these men up and the kids idolize them and that's the strong in society and that's all I have to say thank you
Thanks very simple just like the DNA first is not complicated
You don't teach your kids to admire scumbags. That's all well. I'm talking about scumbags. I'm talking violent criminals
And I hear all this discussion. Oh, how come how come this one can't throw a pancake block?
And I'll come this one got a finger in the other one director. How come I know?
But don't confuse us with the facts because either we got you know a bet on the game
Which I do understand that or you know, we want to feel better about ourselves
It would be like it just like my going to that panther game the other night watching that disgraceful display
Am I gonna come in here the next day and say and start playing that stupid?
Get it next time. We're okay
I'm gonna do that. I need to suck you at your kelp
Guys making millions of dollars going through the motions putting out a putrid performance quite practically boring me to tears
And I still say to you they're killing the geese that laid the big ones baby just like the
Bejelig baseball on the they got a little bit of a reprieve
But it's only a matter of time especially with what the meds did the other day and the NBA they're shooting themselves right into God
They're one and
You know something it's amazing
But there are no NBA games going on right now and the world is still going around
And John Glenn is still taking a big up there in outer space and
People are still you know changing their underwear every day. We hope or every couple of days every couple of weeks and
Life is going on
Evil out a bunch of big freaks jam it a ball down in a hoop
Isn't that a miracle?
How do we get out of bed in the morning? You know because I have so many sleepless nights. We're in about Andre reading
Bruce Smith and Emma Thomas
I have nightmares that Jim Kelly might come back
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Yes, sir, I
Commend about the
Football scandal that you're talking about. Yes, I come from a football family my father
The first in his family to graduate from university played for the original
Canton Bulldogs after 1926
It was only by the grace of God and athletic ability that I got a
Fellowship to get to university graduated
Played football. Yeah
Now I'm watching and have been watching over the past few years the
Distintegration if you will of the of the student athlete
Case in point the University Miami
It's my opinion that
that Jimmy Johnson
has seriously contributed to the
For one of a better word the felonization. Yes
Of the of the student
It seems to this observer and to many like me
that instead of for some reason selecting
Entirely capable players possibly first rounders future first rounders even that would not only be a credit to the school
That would be a credit to their community
It almost appears as if there was some kind of
Effort special effort made to to recruit from the bottom of the feed chain
First time I can't understand it because there is no correlation between
athletic ability
ability to
Give up your body and what neighborhood you come from
It just doesn't correlate. Yeah, or what you are particular felonious background may have been I think also that
at
The present coach of the Seahawks or I've just had a dinosaur
Dinosaur dinosaur. Yeah, he's equally good
Yeah, well he never met a bodily didn't like you know for some reason I go without drinking with his players
It's just one of those things. He just likes a good time. Yeah for some reason
I have to connect in my mind
Jimmy Johnson and the the conscious recruitment. Yeah, but you see you have to understand these things couldn't happen
Without the fans and at university at the college level without the alumni
They're the ones who put the pressure to bear for these guys to win and now they do it at all causes making a difference because it's big money
You know Notre Dame's got the contract with NBC national TV contract. We're talking millions and billions of dollars now
And so you know as long as these people as these this is their priority to be part of a winning
Athletic program and that's the most important thing to them
It's gonna get worse and worse until the bubble just burst and all falls apart
You're absolutely you're absolutely correct
Unfortunately that doesn't explain or or in any way mitigate the fact that
School is around the country
recruit
Excellent high school athletes guys that can actually crack a book guys and can actually graduate right and
Play exceptionally on the field. Yeah, well you can do it. It can be done
It doesn't happen there actually a people of IQ larger than the thumbnail who are great athletes can be done if you want to make the effort
Thanks for calling out just like I mean at the high school level here Miami high
Didn't ever met a you know student athlete that they didn't like from somewhere else around the state of living in Jacksonville or wherever that they could kind of like ship in a little carpet bag in action there
Pretty soon it's gonna be in the kindergarten. Well, you know they brought this kid in from he's going to school and powered right now
They brought him in from Orlando, but the man this kid is gonna be a great quarterback on our team
And like I said, it's the adult. It's the silly idiotic people out there who like think this is the most important God
Dan thing in the world
Is it the most important? Oh, no, I don't think so
Priorities are all screwed up. They're upside down people that we ought to be paying a lot. Oh, well gee
We got such crappy education and we got no good teachers
Teachers just stuck the big one baby
Well, take a look at all the big bucks you're paying the teachers and
Take a look at how much you're paying people in law enforcement and
Paying people are doing jobs where they risk their lives every day
I'm talking about good people who really care about trying to do a job and then take a look at the money that you're paying these asshole
91 maybe I'm gonna tell you something people from coast to coast
They ought to be flooding the phone lines at MSNBC instead of talking about penis gate and some see now old fart spinning around in outer space
They ought to be flooding the phone line
Saying this is the end of American society as we knew it
We were in a deep spiral and decline and it's got nothing to do with oral sex
It has to do with people losing their whole semblance of reality their whole perspective on what life is really all about and what is important
And what is not important they have lost it?
Oh gee, we don't know how we're gonna keep the franchise. We can't pay a 91 million a hundred million anybody here
200 million and the best part is they weren't even been in density
But there was paying close to what they paid but just to make sure because you know my key didn't like the 84 million lost
Angeles even though he was crying about missing the dodge or blue and whatever
You're talking crazy people who are destroying you you're watching these people destroying their own
Empire right before your eyes. They're killing it. Remember this is the best of Neil Rogers no call today
It's all been previously recorded the best of Neal on 560 tudo
Left
it's all been previously recorded the best of Neil on 560 q a
Yam it's all been previously recorded the best of Niel on 560 q a
M
Recording
about
Oh
The show is great. It's got lots of hate. Cherry spring. Oh, we love so dear. All right
It's one thing. They know people come to close
when he sounds a friend here is queer and
It's for five when your girlfriend is a guy if you think it then use out there
Hmm
Oh
We want to give Oh
Spring yourself, Spirit's show, just bring your show.
To bring your show.
To bring your show.
To bring your show.
you and heavy sweat it to you. Thank God, baby. Oh my God. This week you seemed like
what only about 2031. But hey, we'll get there. Tomorrow we get our big appearance at Ben
and Jerry's Ben and Jerry's in the Avengera mall. Now, tomorrow's gonna be a real
revelation. It's gonna be interesting to see how many people show up, but who they are
in Avengera? Who they be there in Avengera? Wasn't it? Didn't know what they always all
Jews in Avengera, without like all old Jews, was like sunrise once upon a time. But you
say about changing neighborhood. I don't know what to make about that. A lot of Jews in
the mall. A lot of old Jews gonna be there. Oh right. They can gum their Ben and Jerry's
tomorrow. The old Jews. Sounds good to me. We'll be there noon to two tomorrow. We'll
have the best of the Neal CDs and cassettes and T-shirts. We'll have all our DNH paraphernalia
for all your heathens out there that don't believe in all that bubble, bubble mice,
these all those fairy tales. Thanks to Bill Dreck by the way over there. Oh, he used to be
John Whanny. Remember Bill Dreck? Anybody remember him? Anybody? No. Well, I can understand
why. But at any rate, he came out with a book. Well, he's got to try to do something. Not
a real book, but like a little book. The official Spanish dick scenario. A user's guide
more than 700 to 300. A couple of words and phrases done in exactly esponial orangles.
And really, most of it blows, Bill. I hate to break the news. But the first few pages
are kind of cute. I don't know. They're cute, but they're like bizarre. For example, it's
got all these different to Spanish phrases that don't translate directly to English,
like es una postalita, which means he's a postcard, literally, but they use it to say he's
a pretty boy. Well, they don't say he's a pretty boy in esponial. Do they? No. They don't
say that. They might whisper it, but they don't say it out loud. Esun o la branca un chivo.
Not even a goat can jump it. It's a big problem. Un problema grande. But they don't say
that. They say es una la branca un chivo. That's a quite a Bill direct. They probably never
spoke Spanish in his life, but he's making a hell of a scam off it without generation
any of all other book crappers. Say Dalisa, which means he sandpapers himself, but they use
it to mean he takes good care of himself.
Caymona, she's very much a monkey. Why sure? Open out of banana. Well, maybe they do hope
she's a banana eating monkey. She's cute. Very good, George. Esun Pan, which means he's
a piece of bread, but it's used by the, by the Julios to mean he's a good guy. Porci last
more skies for if the flies, which means just in case, okay, they actually get the drift
of that. Okay. Go on, buy it. Keep Bill direct alive. Okay. The official Spanish dictionary
and like I said, the first four or five pages are kind of using the rest of it really
low as big time. Awful, awful stuff. I got some stuff here today. Am I going to read
on the year again? No, no, you're not going to do that. It's ponderous when you do that.
Well, it's from this book, pros and cons of criminals who play in the NFL by Jeff Benedict
and Don Yeager, which how come nobody else? How come the jocks on this station are talking
about this? You don't think there could be some stuff in here that would be embarrassing
locally here, do you? No, you don't believe that. From my mate, he turned loose those numbers
and quit screwing around. Thank you very much. Mate, he just came down with the numbers from
10 to 2 numbers. It's only a week later. What do you want? Pros and cons, the criminals
who play in the NFL and everybody out there ought to be reading this because then you'll
find out what kind of scumbags you and your kids are admiring. What kind of great role models
you've got? Chapter eight. Yes, I'm going to read a whole chapter. It's only a few pages.
What to expect when you're expecting? And it's about some of our great dolphins about our
coach, your coach and about some of the great plays like Charles Jordan and Lamar Thomas.
Remember Irving Spikes? Remember him? Well, he didn't know more, but at any rate, and he
was a good guy compared to these guys. This book is sensational. How come they're not talking
about this on our sports station the other 20 hours a day? I realize it's not really very
uplifting and it's not conducive to getting more people excited about the excitement of football
and tubable and all this other bull crap. But I think it's great. I think the NBA strike is great.
Oh, lock out whatever you want to call it. I think it's sensational. I think baseball, I have
one more. I think that ought to put him out of business. You know, now that this crap,
and I hear it like yesterday, I'm listening to, I think it was on Hank show. It was either
Hank or it was listening to what Kimber Bull can't be realized. Oh, and by the way, Richard
the Walker now is Eddie, chronic colors now that I outed them out of the closet, now all of
a sudden they're changing their names. Richard the Walker with his male escort service. Now all
of a sudden he's Eddie on the Kimber Bull campers show. You're not fooling me, Richard. You dick.
But anyway, so somebody called in yesterday and they want to talk about this. What the hell did I do
with it? About this scumbag? Oh, here it is. One mother, please. About this scumbag little.
Where the hell is the goddamn story? Come on, you'll get your crap together. Where is it? I don't
reach all of them. I was talking about that the other day who killed the old broad with the car
because he got drunk on his birthday. And they were saying, well, you think that you know, he actually
may wind up playing this year. You think that's right? As if there really needs to be some
discussion about that. Well, you know, he's really not a bad kid. They never stole a freight train and
he went out and partied on his birthday and we've all done that. And he got drunk. Yeah, Leonard
Little of the St. Louis rim. And you notice of the St. Louis rims, dick for meel and Jimmy Johnson,
I would suggest to you like they never met a criminal they didn't like. In fact, that'll be our
poll question today. Which coach likes the biggest gangsters? Who's the gangster coach? And of
course, you remember Jimmy Johnson's days were the hurricane and all that crap were the, we're in the
the crap out there in Arizona. The fiesta bowl losing the Penn State all that camouflage crap
they were wearing like a bunch of gangsters. Jimmy Johnson is a gangster coach and dick for meel is
a gangster coach. Which one likes the bigger gangsters? All right. That's our poll question today.
So what did Maddie bring you by the way? The numbers. He said that Duff can't do this. We have to go
to him anyway, so I don't yell at Duff. Yeah, but Duff didn't bring the other stuff either.
Do you want these now? Yeah, that would be nice. Well, sometimes soon we'll be good.
Well, I thought you were going to go into a break. I am going to go to a break, but it would be nice.
I mean, it's only a week later. We would like to know what we did here during these four hours
between 10 and 2. Hank did very well. Thank you. Had a nice book. But we'd like to know what we
did here between 10 and 2. And we also see that with the exception of one month there, which was a total
of what is it? Okay, I'll do these during the break.
Choosing a doctor is difficult enough, but when you practice an alternative lifestyle,
it becomes a major challenge. I know I spread my cheeks from my quarterly physical. I want a
physician who'll be gentle and take his time probing my well, you know. So if you want a doctor
who is well, let's say light in the loafers, you need to call 1-800-50. I mean, who else will
understand your fascination with Judy Garland? Really? Call for that. 10-14-56-WDQM. So we got
the 10-2 final. It was only a week after the book came out. Men 25-54, I'm going to show who is
number one. Were we number one here? Uh-huh. Were the 10-0 share? Hot was number two of the 6.3. So
men forget it. If we like, I'm said for years, if we really had any number of women listening
out there who pretend that they do, but they don't, then we'd have enormous like triple digit
numbers. We'd have 200%. And persons 25-54, let's see who was number one. I'll be honest with you,
we were like pretty damn close to number one here. Hot 105. Nice go on Bob and Cheryl. With that
damn jukebox, you got going there. They're running a jukebox over there. 6.2 share, 10-2 adults,
that's men and women. And we're like sucking the hind end there. 5.8 right on their ass,
followed by EDR. What do I tell you about the etna, the black? Every, every dark,
complex, and person in this town got a diary in that last book except the ones who listen to this show.
What a bunch of crap. Yeah. So between Hot 105 and EDR, man, forget it. Hopeless. But not
otherwise we're kicking some very serious ass. I had a book lost rights which I've been telling
you. I've been reading from day after day after day which you must read if you value like your
sanity. If you want to know what really, I mean there are a lot of you who don't want to know
what really is going on around you. Maybe you're better off because sometimes La La Land is a very
comfortable place to be in unless they come knocking on your door next or look at in your
actri next. Lost rights by James Bovart is available on the internet. Bottom$.com, am I getting that right?
4.595 plus supported which is held a lot less than the 1495 plus tax that you'd pay in your
bookstore. 595 plus posted sounds good to me. Bottom$.com and the name of the book is lost rights by James
Bovart. One of the two books that you must buy or else. I'll take a couple of calls before we do
this because this pros and cons book. This is dynamite. And I understand I do realize right
upfront that most of the people don't care. In other words most fans all they care about is I want
my team to win and I don't care if they're all a bunch of gangsters. I don't care if they sign
OJ up if he can still run sign his ass up and put him out there because as long as my team can
win then I feel much better about myself. It somehow makes me feel more significant as a human being.
Us, we, we're the best, we. There's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Now that you're talking about book track I hope he sells a lot of those books because it doesn't seem
like the guys making much money. I was at the Grove last week. I was staying at the Mayfield Hotel.
He's trying to put something. I knew he was trying to sell something. Yeah.
Anyway to make a long story short he's standing there with some little body of his talking on
a cell phone for about 15 20 minutes looking all cool stuff. And he's waiting a lot.
Nah not really. He was looking like he was waiting for Valet whatever. So I'm sitting around waiting
and see what kind of car pulls up. I guess picked up in the 1990 Corolla. I mean.
Corolla. Corolla. That's pretty impressive. Yeah so I hope he sells a lot more books man because
you know with that generation engine. Yeah. And I'll allow. I never going to get rich on
whammy. I'll allow that. That's history. Won't see that no more. I don't think he's making much.
In fact yeah I gave him the key to success once I started promoting him. If he would have just kept
saying out loud if he would just camped up a little bit he might still be on there but.
Well he's causing Neil. Little Jack. It is umamau. Okay. Okay. Here's Campbell. Hello.
Hey Uncle how you doing? What do you say Papa Umamau? Something like that. Yes sir.
You want me to translate? No please. Okay. Listen to that book that you're talking about.
Which one? Uh the pros and cons. Yes. It's on uh CNN Sports Illustrated. It was on last night.
They were talking about it and they had someone from there. Well they interviewed the authors a
couple of days ago. They're all over the place now. Yeah so it's kind of controversial but I mean
it's true. The things that go on in the NFL are unbelievable you know. I mean in the locker rooms I've
I've been. How about guys calling this station yesterday asking do you think Leonard Little is
actually going to wind up playing this year before the season's up. Getting for a couple of games
like like if something's his debate about. God gets drunk. Whether it's his birthday or not.
Goes out there. Kills this woman and then somebody else calls in on uh with the
Kimberlake. Well you know TV newscaster or something happened with him. So in other words the fact
that Rick Sanch has got away with it. That was the one thing but if a football player does it to let
him go out there and run fast and to jump high and set him in so on and how's Brian Blade doing? Yeah I mean
even in the college level you know these players make money through bowl games and through I mean
the revenues that they provide the universities and their teams is unreal. Yeah. Is they're going to
get away with it? They don't care. In other words they never met a scumbag they didn't like as long as
he can perform as long as he can rake into money. That's all they care about. One more thing.
I like the radio business. Yeah. The dolphins. $20 to park at pro player stadium. Yeah unreal. I mean I've
never had to pay that much for parking and you know I just I wish that you know. I'm good news this
week. The games in Buffalo. I'm a positive time to see it. Have a good time. Have a good time.
You too sir. Tell me. Pros and cons. The criminals who play in the National Football League by Jeff
Benedict and Don Yeager and of course all of our astute sports do jogs to reporters on this radio
station. They should be having these guys on there. They should be talking about this. I mean
do we have to bury this in the closet? Is that what it is? Let me start. Let me begin. Okay.
Chapter eight. Let's we'll take a few minutes. That's not that long. But boy this is beautiful and close
to home. I selected the chapter that I figured. Maybe you can relate to. It's the chapter is called
what to expect when you're expecting. Miami dolphins team headquarters. They be Florida.
It's a matter of any time that there's talent available. You continually try to upgrade the
bottom four or five spots on your roster. Miami Dolphin Ted coach Jimmy Johnson told the group for
reporters gathered at the team's headquarters December 2nd 1997. He was explaining his decision
to offer a contract to travel to running back Lawrence Phillips. There's a large upside Johnson
insisted. If Lawrence does all the things we ask in a highly disciplined program that he can
realize what his talents might be and realize the success you probably thought he was going to
have in the first place. Less than two weeks earlier the St. Louis Ram suddenly cut Phillips after
he was reportedly fined 56 times for violating team rules. In his 19 month tenure with the Ram's
Phillips was arrested three times served a jail sentence for domestic violence and was twice
sued by women once for domestic violence and once for sexual assault. Having received a second
chance at the University of Nebraska following a brief suspension for brutally assaulting ex-girlfriend
Kate McEwan the Ram's also gave Phillips multiple second chances before finally releasing him.
Johnson assured the media that he and the dolphins had thoroughly investigated Phillips and that he
was not the menace off often portrayed in the popular press all words that had been used by the
Ram's two words earlier. Actually I expected all the worst with all the rumors that you hear
Johnson said and I can say this for a fact all of the rumors that you hear are not true. We've
checked out in factual information and the things you hear are highly highly exaggerated.
Exaggerated although the attack on McEwan which landed Phillips and jail and had received
excessive media play the scope of Phillips abusive behavior was kept hidden from the public.
McEwan despite requests from countless national publications and TV networks never spoke publicly
about her violent relationship with Phillips but on August 16th 1996 she did file a civil
complaint at the Jackson County Federal Court in Kansas. In it she revealed a brutal litany
of assault suffered at the hands of Phillips while the two attended the University of Nebraska.
Although civil lawsuits are typically a matter of public record and available to the press McEwan's
complaint was filed under seal. For the liking of Phillips at his lawyers reporters were unable
to view its content. However on September 3rd 1996 federal judge William F. Mauer surprisingly
lifted the seal. In effect judge Mauer's decision left the painful details of McEwan's civil complaint
available to any reporter who showed up at the court house and requested to see the file
wanting desperately to conceal the details Phillips lawyers acted promptly and were able to secure
a court order placing the document back under seal within 24 hours. But during the brief window
in the case file was open Kansas City Star Court reporter Joe Lamby was at the federal court house
and he made a copy of the complaint. He's the only reporter in the country who have seen the
case file. Lamby reported these details from McEwan's complaint. October 1994 Phillips shoved
her head into a wall so hard it broke through the wall then choked her and would not allow her
to leave his apartment. April 1995 Phillips asked her whether she was dating anyone else and
threatened her saying I'm going to shoot you in the kneecaps and then shoot you in the elbows.
This is Los Angeles gang style of dealing with people.
May 10th 1995 Phillips slashed her car tires and threatened to kill her then came after her demanding
a glass of water. McEwan told him to get him after demanding a glass of water and she told him
to get it himself. August 24th 1995 McEwan agreed to drive Phillips who was drunk home to his
apartment. He forced her to stay there and sexually assaulted her. September 10th 1995 Phillips beat
her and kicked her while she was at her friend's house. She contends that he grabbed her hair,
caveman style, pulled her down three flights of steps and slammed her head into a wall.
All right. Phillips reached an out-of-court financial settlement with BQ and which required that
she neither discussed the nature of her complaint nor the details of the payoff.
Maybe the reason Johnson could so comfortably claim Phillips's record was exaggerated
stemmed from the comparison of Phillips's record with some of his other players who would
either serve time in jail or been convicted of a violent felony. Yet these players were never
scrutinized by the press like Phillips. For example Johnson signed a little known free agent
wide receiver Charles Jordan in 1996 who developed into one of Dan Marino's most reliable receivers in 97.
As a team growing up in Los Angeles Jordan was an active member of the Bloods. The authorities
to discover that his criminal record make Phillips look like a choir boy to be continued in the moment.
Let's do the break because I want to watch. Like I said, it's only a few pages close to home
and if you're supposed to look the other way you better tell me about that. I don't think so. I have
a hard time admiring a bunch of goons. That's with a G. Whether they're black, white, yellow,
whatever the hell I'm sorry. I just don't understand and you wonder why America's attitudes and
values are all upside down and you're talking about the presidents getting blow jobs up there in
Washington like any red blooded guy and all the presidents who proceeded and were supposed to be
upset about that and right rightfully indignant. But here we're worshiping all your kids out there.
These are their role models not all on just too many way too many. Some of the worst scumbags walking
around loose on the face of the earth and oh geez now you know they're wonderful people they're great.
These are our heroes and by the way how much more money can we dig up how many more loans do we
have to take out so we can go buy season ticket and watch these goons play and put on a very mediocre
performance by the way. Oh yeah I heard somebody call Kimmel last night you know bragging about the
fact that Doc Ellis picks the no-hitter for the pirate years ago while on an acid trip. Oh that's
great let's hear it. He was a real upstanding guy by the way remember Doc Ellis.
I took a call from the iconic. They say the future piece that sold me now I can get no jobs
because I don't got no literacy. I was talking like an old me growing. If I'm exalted how this way
now I can't do nothing but the heritage say is that okay. Change my name to shoot
through try to do send the code to any channel. I remember when I was feeling all the white men's
cars hanging outside to build a new bomb. Grind the blues out by the teeth. White dealers got
to know your son. He is trying to crack. So the bond is to give my life a chance now.
Got to go and sell no crack or king. Crack or king. Crack or king. Crack or king. Crack or king.
Crack or king. Crack or king. Crack or king. Crack or king.
Crack or king.
No one would have borrowed his song.
The bond makes me sound funny. Got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money.
Maybe food sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing. The bond is getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch. Feel the first and fuller head. Then I'm going to take some money.
I'm very old and a fridge of dead.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside to build a new bomb.
Grind the blues out by the teeth. White dealers got to know your son.
So the bond is to give my life a chance now.
Got to go and sell no crack or king. Crack or king. Crack or king.
