Sport Radio 516 WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We're called to Neil called 5600 5600 Holt Free, pertaining to our compound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Squares tied 3-3 in the bottom of the 17th.
One ball and one strike.
Whom's into the wind up in the 11 pitch.
Swung on, 7 deep to right field.
You can't kiss or goodbye.
Oh, baby did he?
Yes, that baby.
Out of sight.
Eight cream added in.
WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale.
Heroes love my world, please.
Oh, baby, goodbye.
Be my world.
Be your world, baby.
And find me.
Be my world.
So, be my world.
That's when I take out my wounds and it's out all I.
Yes.
For the girls with my world,
Be my world.
So, I'll find you.
Yes.
My world.
Be my world.
Be my world.
I'll find you.
Be my world.
Be my world.
Fort Waterdale.
I want to be safe.
And I only keep it.
Give me an hour's time.
Be my world.
Be my world.
Be my world.
Be my world.
Be my world.
Be my world.
Be my world.
Be my world.
Be my world.
Be my world.
I'll guide you up the trail.
She's coming inside.
And all the guys on the beach.
For a real life.
Be my world.
I love everybody.
And you all know the job of
You're the most pretty guy.
I love everybody.
I love everybody.
And if I'd done that because
???
So far, nei and I watched illustration match with big, Eve men
with sweaty cracks.
Say we try to grab each other's ass
very nothing more than the tiny jeans strap.
But when they rang the bell
And the match was over.
I couldn't help but notice I had a big phone.
I want to be a wrestler.
And have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth.
I want to be a wrestler.
Press the lever.
Press the lever.
Press the lever.
I admit it seems a little gay.
It just takes my hand between another man's legs.
But when I pull my hands away, I yet to smell my fingers.
You know that other than sometimes you train,
you don't need to have much of a brain,
as long as it's a shower after you work out.
You can only place in someone's balls in your mouth.
I know that white scenes can be messy and too belly.
That's why they like to rub that KY on their belly.
I want to be a wrestler.
And retaining more runs just like you.
I want to be a wrestler.
And maybe run for governor too.
As long as they that tracks the crowd,
I don't find going down.
Rubbish scenes in their locks with the plumpy queer.
10.5 at 5.60 WQ.
I'm happy Wednesday to.
But I'm a day ahead or is it?
Yeah, day ahead this week.
I was positive but was through there.
Is that like wishful thinking?
Positive.
I thought today is payday.
I thought it's today we got the ball game in 1250.
That's tomorrow, God damn it.
Anyway, the reason I played that wrestler thing again
is we ran out of time yesterday.
And by the way, thank God this is a show we don't have 26 minutes
of commercial spots an hour.
My apologies to the morning guys, by the way.
Now I understand why they have to keep back
and at last break up as close to the top of the hour as possible
to try to squeeze a little bit of show in there.
And thank God that we had like some agreement
even though they backtracked in light about it.
I don't want to say screw in about the number of the maximum
minutes of commercials they could run in this show
before we started here.
And just like I told her right to her a push that screw in.
I said if we let you run 50 minutes of commercials an hour,
you do it.
And she just laughed.
That's f***ing bit.
Yeah, that's right.
So we have no spots, I mean all spots radio in the morning
giving new meaning to the word no show
because there isn't anymore.
Good luck guys, you'll need it.
26 minutes of commercials an hour.
Which you don't take a mathematician to figure out
almost 50% of each hour.
And then you put in the update, stop and think about that.
How many updates do they do an hour?
On a morning show.
Two?
Oh yeah, I think they do two.
I know you don't listen to you do to why.
But I mean I think they do two.
So what the hell is that?
You put in like a three or four minute update twice.
26 and eight is 34.
Huh?
And then of course that silly rejoin music they got coming back.
Well what is that Lee?
What do they got about 15 minutes in there?
Christ almighty, what are you guys complaining about?
Just because nobody's going to listen anymore.
What are you bitching about?
So anyway, yesterday at the end of the show
we were running out of time unfortunately.
We had two.
Now the first guy, the young guy, I thought he was a put on.
Maybe he was getting psychotic, okay?
Because once you start, I'll give you a classic example.
A good analogy.
Sam the Sham our promotions man was just in here.
And I opened up that cool in and book.
The second one, the one by Gary Indiana.
And I showed him that picture which nobody has ever seen before.
Don't buy the book because the last third like I told you sucks.
But go into your bookstore and just kind of peruse through it.
And then look in the last picture if you want to see Kunan in the dead on the bed.
I mean if you're into one of those people, lots of you dead people.
And if you know Sam douchebag our promotions guy and you look at that picture,
you'll say, oh my god, what happened to Sam?
And he walked out of here.
He had no comedy.
He looked at the picture and he just kind of shook his head.
He's going to be thinking about that for days.
That's going to be disturbing him tremendously.
To know that he had like a twin, a gay twin brother.
And speaking of that, getting back to wrestling.
So yesterday at the end of the show, we had two calls and we ran out of time.
God damn it.
Because Hank was on there at the Lipton.
That sounds, you know what does that sound like?
The Lipton.
That sound like really fade to you.
You know, I know it's a tennis tournament.
That sounds like real fade to me.
The Lipton.
Huh?
Like a tea thing.
Which it is, by the way.
Yeah, like a little demi-toss.
Huh?
It sounds so daisy.
Oh yes, we're out at the Lipton.
Oh god.
But at any rate, so this thing about wrestling, which I didn't think was all that revolutionary.
And then of course, Vooka branded that great bit about it, which I think he was right on target.
And the last caller there yesterday, that guy who claims to be a neighbor of mine.
And he made a very bizarre comment.
He said, oh no, professional wrestlers are like, you know, real, I know a lot of them.
And most of them are real fine gentlemen.
Well, why couldn't they be fine gentlemen and be gay?
I mean, I'm a fine gentleman.
I'm a fag.
What's wrong with that?
You know, unfortunately, I ran out of time before I could straighten this guy out, so to speak.
Then, lo and behold, in the sports sections in both the Harold and the Sun Centrelous morning.
The all-brow-the-all county-all-broward wrestling team.
Now, I don't-I'm not casting those persons because these guys, first of all, are all high school kids.
That's number one.
And number two, I wouldn't touch anyone with your hand, by the way, George.
But nevertheless.
No, seriously, I mean, I'm sure that they're all fine upstanding young gentlemen.
But there are pictures of these guys in these one and these very silly-looking, one-piece uniform, these outfits, these skin tight outfits.
And of course, you do realize the reason that they have the skin tight and coming all the way down to the knee or just above the knee.
And so that nothing kind of like- when it gets you wreck kind of like sticks out, because that would be kind of embarrassing, you know?
Huh? Right in the middle of a wrestling match and there's a stiffy hanging out right there on your thigh.
That would be bad.
Huh? And of course, this way also the opponent can't like reach in there.
You know, like if you were in just like a- like another sports, you know?
Pantalunis, like shorts.
They could reach right in there and then you'd be real dangerous.
So this makes it more challenging, which is why there's so much groping and grappling and grunting going on.
So we're going to take a survey on that today.
By the way, I have a whole list of different occupations and sports.
And we'll find out which has got the highest percentage of- well, you know.
This is Lady of W.A.B.C.
Sick person to Dr. Jack.
Sick person to Dr. Jack.
Slogging your machine cuz there's no turning back.
Hey!
Sick person to Dr. Jack.
I've got no digestive tract.
And my host is dead. I'm no good in the rack.
Sick person to Dr. Jack.
I'm looking very pale.
And my host's men stop delivering my mail.
Please help me before they throw you in jail.
Another sick person to Dr. Jack.
I'm ready for the trip.
Took me up to the IT and let it breathe.
Gotta join tall rolling hook to my rose clear.
Wow, boy, talk about a quick end.
And that's what's going to happen to Dr. Jack.
He's defended himself.
He's in hot water, I guess.
Well, he believes in assisted suicide.
That's what he's doing to himself.
So anyway, what should we do with those tickets, by the way?
We do have a pair of tickets at Greg Reed.
Thank God he only stood as far as the doorway with his mono,
which he's spreading around the building like crazy.
Because he believes in that kind of mono, a mono approach through a management.
And Joe Castello said today, what's up with that?
Uh oh, uh oh.
Joe Costello was out sick today.
What did I tell you?
Man comes in who he's got mono nucleosis.
I warned him on Monday.
I said, he told me about this.
His whole family's got it.
He got it.
The reason he got it is because it's highly contagious.
And he comes into work like we need him here, like a hole in the head.
All the way does have a pair of free tickets.
Now the game is sold out tonight.
Big, big game is pop out playing tonight.
No.
No.
Some really interesting stuff here before I get back to the wrestling stuff.
You know, gorgeous George.
Everybody knew gorgeous George was.
Uh, you know, professional wrestling has always been a, uh, you know, always been.
I kind of called here yesterday at the end of the show.
I mean, you know, you're so full of it.
Like I understand that it's a blow to the image of the whole thing.
But anybody that doesn't see this is unfortunately what the so-called straight community can't deal with.
You know, when those of us bags have to point out to them, you know, it's like like disco.
You know, we had to like hold you guys by the hand and drag you right out of the dance floor and sure that disco was where it's at.
And you're protested with all the bumper stickers.
This goes so and you still liked it.
You know, they liked it a lot.
But you pretended they had to put on an act.
You hated it.
All the arts, everything.
You know, artsy, artsy, everything, everything, every kind of clothing.
You name it.
How's Johnny doing, by the way?
Oh, not too good.
We'll see him no more.
Anyway, pop out.
Burry is close to returning.
There's so many things that I find just amusing and amazing.
But he will not be back for the Ranger Games tonight.
Will he be back?
No.
No.
Will he be back Friday?
Well, it says it's likely he'll be back Friday versus Nashville or Sunday versus New Jersey at the latest both our home games.
It feels better, but it's not there yet.
Burry said of his knee after Tuesday skate.
Friday.
I don't know.
Hopefully it's not too much more time before I can come back.
He said, but we only got 13 games left.
They're only fighting for their lives in the playoffs.
Well, I don't know.
You know, what do I tell you about him?
He's great.
He's the best.
But he don't know.
You know, let's not push it.
And the interesting part of it is that the coach, you know, Mr. Hotshot, TM.
He's leaving it up to him now.
It's his decision as to when he's going to be able to come back.
I mean, for 10 million a year, you don't want the coach saying, well, you know, this is really awfully important.
We definitely need these points.
We'd be, you know, you better get in there.
God forbid.
And by the way, now yesterday with all these trades, there were 30 players, 21 deals.
Well, yesterday being the trading deadline in the NHL.
And the Panthers unloaded Red Warner, who was another one of those kids who never developed in the organization.
You know, one of the youngsters that you know kept hearing about never played well.
And by the way, on Empire Sports on the fan forum yesterday, they said one of the reasons that he liked deteriorated was because,
he really stuck the joint out under Joe Serella last year.
That's why the defense was so bad last year.
Joe Serella.
Nice going there, BM.
Man, that couldn't play defense.
So how the hell is he going to teach it?
But anyway, so we got Mike Wilson from the Buffalo Sabers.
Now, swap one defenseman that we wanted out of here for a defenseman that they didn't like it all up there.
They wanted him out.
And I've never, I thought he was underrated.
I don't think he's that bad.
But wait till you hear this about Mike Wilson.
He split into Lindy Ruff's doghouse, the coach of the Sabers,
and the Lindy Ruff's doghouse at times.
He was late for meetings, late for this, late for that.
And that's going to go over real big with Tiam.
And late for meetings.
Oh, you ain't playing tonight.
Late for practice.
Oh, you ain't playing tonight.
Late for dinner.
Oh, you ain't playing tonight.
So that sounds like a rare, maybe he's going to be another project in the organization.
So we do have a couple of tickets for that game.
That's not a great read, but what section, what kind of tickets are those?
No parking pass.
No five row 15.
What is it?
105, 15.
Oh, that sounds pretty good.
That sounds real good.
How do you like that?
I'll give him away to somebody.
And I'm not going to waste much time on that because you know how I feel about giveaways.
But we got him, and since the game has sold out, except for the Panther Pack.
And they're probably going anywhere because it's the hated Rangers.
Let's not let any asshole Ranger fans in there.
And Gretzky is playing tonight that needle nose piece of crap.
I hope that somebody spears him.
Okay.
I hope we send the big sparser out there and spear him right in the gut.
Right early in the game.
And they have to carry him bleeding and screaming off the ice.
I give a standing ovation for that.
Can't stand him.
Needle nose piece of crap.
Anyway, Joe to measure.
Here's a letter to the editor, which finally we got a good letter to the editor.
And the, what is this?
The hero this morning.
Wow.
It says Joe to measure was truly an American hero and said many fine examples for our youngsters to follow.
But let us not forget that he was a three packet a camel smoker who went on to develop lung cancer,
not unlike others like John Wayne and that King Cole.
I beg the youth of America, please don't smoke sign Sheldon Zane, MD in Hollywood.
Isn't that exactly what I've been saying for, uh, since he bit the big one?
Why didn't he do it like Hamilton burger from Perry Mason.
Why didn't you do a PSA and it was closing days?
Maybe his ego got in the way, huh?
Maybe you should have said hi, I'm total measure, the greatest living just barely American ball player.
And I want you to know that the reason I'm croaking over here and they had to take a long up beside the fact that I'm 100 years old is the fact I was smoking three damn packs of cigarettes today.
And by the way, Marilyn Monroe never had a big.
When I did her, but I sure liked it.
Now that's what you should have said.
Didn't we hear anything about why they removed his lungs?
About why he had lung cancer?
No, we did not.
It goes to show you what a bunch of phonies and about these Teflon celebrities that we got.
Some people, the man they fart and it's the wrong flavor.
Right away it's on the front page of all the tabloids, the major newspapers, it's on e and entertainment tonight and all of those goddamn shows, hard copy, soft copy.
But certain people, certain icons, do I dare use that word?
I wonder how Carl icon feels about that, huh?
No matter what they do, it's like, oh no, his stuff didn't stink, it was just, it was lovely.
And by the way, if you have any doubts about God, I was thinking about this over the weekend.
If there were a God, why would it look and smell like that? You know what I'm saying?
Huh? You know how like, huh?
The embryo is inside like a little, you know what I'm talking about?
A nice little plastic sleeve.
You know what I'm referring to?
Very sanitary.
Why couldn't there be like a similar little sleeve that comes out every time we had to eliminate it and, you know?
And please don't say, see the excuse always is that man was responsible because he eating the wrong food.
Well, even pets, I'm not talking about domesticated, even you go out in the wilderness in the wild.
And your animals are like, dropping big loads, okay?
Looks bad, smells bad, they get wicked diarrhea.
You know, that proves there's no God.
Seriously, next time you're sitting there, or next time somebody cut, like fat boy, if he walks down the hall, cuts wood in your face.
Or next time you go in the tea room and somebody has forgotten the flesh, you left a big mess.
Just look at it and say, God.
Huh? There's no God. That proves it right there.
Okay, anybody getting back to the important stuff?
26 minutes of spots in our morning show.
I want to salute the little dog and the depots.
Yeah, I almost said, Geldie, I don't want to salute him. He's annoying.
But the other guys, I do want to salute. I have no idea how you do it. Come in here every morning.
You don't have a chance to say anything.
Here's our poll question today, which of these occupations has the highest percentage of gaze, homosexuals, divers,
figure skaters, wrestlers, swimmer, gymnastic, interior decorators, or broadcasting?
Huh?
What? That's very tough. That's nip and tuck.
Which of those do I got? Let's see.
36, 7 of those, 7 categories.
Which one has the highest percentage of? You know.
What about hairdressers?
Yeah, I'm not as too obvious.
I think 7 is enough.
And that guy who called at the end of the show, and both you guys are cold right there at the end yesterday,
stopping in denial. Okay, it's a terrible thing.
We believe you.
Wingkwink.
Here's a mobile info lottery deal. Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. I would say all the above.
Well, that's a cop-up. We have to have an answer.
No, I would say, oh, let's go with divers.
Okay. That's my answer.
Well, like we can mention Greg Musainis because he's out.
Right. Let's have I got a couple things I need to ask you.
Are there any great drivers? No.
I got a couple things I need to ask you.
Have you heard any more about channels 290, 290, 1 or 297?
I remember you read it something last week about we were supposed to get in the back.
Well, when you say channels this and that.
Oh, on the slide here.
It's not another word. No.
No, I haven't heard another word about it.
Okay, because I still haven't gotten it.
No. No, I haven't heard a thing.
Okay.
No, that, that, but like I said, that was a bill that was introduced, but it's still languishing there somewhere, you know.
Okay.
Well, we're waiting to drop the bombs on those barbarians over there in Yugoslavia.
This is something else that they better start taking up, you know.
Right. And you know, I guess we're all-
Why are all these pussy's worried about us going over there and blowing them into the stony?
Does he? Let's do it now.
If we were to- like, like, like, come into the set and Godfather won, if we were to nip the Hitler and Munich,
we would have had to go through all that bull crap.
We would have had to come in and more people would come along.
That's right.
Same with Baghdad.
That's right.
A friend of mine-
A friend of mine.
A friend of mine who was a pack of rest of the day.
That I work with.
Yes.
He just recently got out of high school that's long ago.
Right.
He was on the wrestling team.
Yeah.
And he was telling me a story of a guy who was-
Because I had told him what you had talked about two weeks ago about wrestlers.
Right.
And I was told him, you know, what you were saying.
And he said that he was at a match one time.
And the guy was doing-
Getting ready to do the mounting position, I guess.
Yeah.
And they were rolling around.
And when the referee stopped them and they stood up, he said he had massive wood.
And the guy said he didn't want to finish the match.
Yeah.
He said he was going to get close to the guy.
The guy ran off an embarrassment.
I remember that song by the Beatles, massive wood.
He said you had to have been there to really appreciate it.
And in closing.
Yes.
I know a big black guy named Wayne.
He said douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks.
Yeah.
And as a matter of fact, I don't want to turn this into a racial thing or the white hell not.
You know.
But I look at these pictures.
I do.
We got to do another break.
Christ almighty.
But look at the high percentage of a dark-complicated guys in this Broward County All-County
Wrestling team.
In fact, last week when we first brought this up a couple weeks ago, I noticed that a lot of dark-complicated
collars out there were calling it about this.
And of course, the honest ones they agreed with me.
They said, oh, yeah, they're all a bunch of facts.
But, huh?
Well, not all.
Just many.
Several.
A lot of things.
And what kind of a, you know, wouldn't you get it?
I mean, look at how big.
Talk about a big black guy named Schuferl.
Look at that.
I mean, look at this guy.
Would you let him mount you?
Huh?
Would you get willing to get down on all fours and say, okay, mount me, baby.
I mean, what the hell is that?
Talk about your modicone and cheese.
What the hell is that?
I want thenya roll and the goo froste !
I-I said, I'm pretty poor, like, did've gone so far.
She thought it was good till I went out by morning work.
She asked me how long it was going and I started the last.
It's bigger than fire, it's shrinks when you pee in the bath.
But when I woke my f*** was lost, she shrugged it off.
So I torched her house, she better not f***ed by morning work.
We're here by morning work.
Okay, 1033 at 560 WQM, here's the fact that you can also give your vote by fax on this.
It's a very important poll.
Our fax number 305 650198 by the way.
Oh, for a minute there I thought I'd give out.
So here's the first fact that says without a doubt, figure skating is more fags proportionally.
It's the number one gay sport wrestling comes in a very close second.
And this is obviously from somebody knows what they're talking about.
What's seriously, would you let that big black guy named...
Yeah, fill in the blank, whatever his name be.
Mount you, would you get down on your hands and eat?
I mean, I don't want to make it sound racial, but I mean some of these guys, like Roy Foster for quite a lot.
We've all seen a good guy, but I don't think there's anybody in this building that would get down on all four as well.
Oh boy, I guess I have to take that back.
You know, it's interesting.
We were all going down to see my new car yesterday, George and Joe and yours truly.
Huh?
And we got to the bottom of the elevator.
And there was Roy with someone.
And everybody was kind of like sniggering about it.
Were we?
Huh?
I don't want to say who she was.
So your face is purple now, not just red, it's purple.
And your face, too, it was such a scene.
It was, everybody was going.
Oh my god.
Holy Toledo.
That's just all those rumors, I'm sure.
So like I said, other than maybe that person, is there anybody else in this building that would say,
okay, I'm going to get down on the floor on all fours and let Roy mount me?
No.
No, I don't think so.
Not this kid.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Good morning.
Good morning.
On the pole question, I'll go with the hairdresser for another of the women ones.
Hairdressers isn't on my survey.
That was George Trudellet in there.
It's not on the survey.
Oh.
Divers, figure skaters, wrestlers, swimmers, gymnastics, interior decorators or broadcasters.
Listen, I got a friend at work at the Margate Fire Department.
I'm not going to say any name.
Oh, wait a minute.
I left a paramedics and firefighters.
Okay, wait a minute.
Okay.
Anyway, they got it all.
They got a fire truck that they're dismantling.
They're going to take the light off the top and ship it to the, to the, uh,
Macarena.
The Macer.
So we can actually see it if we ever score a goal if Pavel ever comes back.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Good new phone.
Yeah, thanks to him.
The paramedics and firefighters will let those off the list.
Very highly infiltrated with, uh, well, you know, we're going to give those tickets away sometime between now and, uh,
whenever we feel like it because the game has sold out to none except at the Panther Pack.
I'm sure they're all gone right now.
There's a little bit of fever in the air.
Is there fever in the air?
No.
Can you smell it?
No.
I don't think so.
But for some reason, they all show up.
You know, I mean, let's, let's give them credit where credit is due.
We've had real good crowds all year in the Macarena.
I don't know what it is.
They're not paying too much attention to the game and that probably won't change for years.
But, uh, we do show up.
Nevertheless, a little, I'm just a crestfallen that Pavel ain't coming back.
And, you know, like he said, when he's good and ready, you know,
for 10 million a year, when he's good and ready, that's when he's going to come back.
You know, we love him.
He's the Russian rocket.
He's great.
He's exciting.
And that's, you know, that's why he hoped that he's playing.
Not just because we need to win and because in order to make them playoffs, it's desperate.
It's like they say crunch time.
Please don't say crunch time again.
We'll shoot you if you say that again.
But they do say that it's, this is the big one.
Okay.
This is gigantic.
This is a chance to stick to really nail the Rangers to, uh, put it to him.
This would be the final nail in their coffin or in their wrist.
If I can say that in their palm, huh?
Right before Easter, put a nail in their palms for those obnoxious Rangers whom we hate like poison.
But Pavel, he's, uh, don't feel exactly like he wants it to feel and isn't the end exactly right either.
Here's Boker.
Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I gave it a shot before your first bit was over.
Yeah, I called him the ticket line.
It was.
Sorry.
I told you to pamph the pack.
I mean, this is a big one.
You know, this Ranger thing.
We hate them like poison.
Yes, you do.
And also we want to make sure that all the Panther fans buy up all the tickets.
See, that's one of the good things the last couple of years.
In the first, uh, four years we had the team, you'll probably remember we had all those Ranger assholes,
Ranger outfit, millions of them.
And, uh, you know, we'd be going, let's go, Panthers, and they're going, let's go, Rangers to be like 50-50.
We finally wise up and everybody, all the Ranger haters decided to buy up the tickets to make sure they can't get in.
So I don't know how many close fights I've gotten in with people like things up to my wife and stuff.
It was just, the New York people are pretty bad.
But that's one, I wanted to go and squelch out their, uh, Ranger chant.
Yeah.
I have a real big mouth.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, I want to put it in, if I could add a category, maybe professional wrestling?
Well, that's what I meant.
Oh, okay.
I'm certainly not suggesting that high school and college wrestlers are gay.
I wouldn't suggest that.
I do know there was definitely no God this morning when I looked in the paper and need him, I was still on our team.
Yeah.
I was praying that he would be created.
What's the praying you'll say?
No takers, I don't think.
I'm praying you'll give me the tickets.
No.
Okay.
Uh, it's 22 before, uh, what are you laughing about?
I mean, I hear it was pretty weak.
He's a good guy.
He wants to go, but it was pretty weak material.
I like when we give it, which we very rarely almost never give anything away again, because it kills the show.
But the way things are going to last a few days.
And I'm beginning to understand why we got all spots radio.
I mean, that morning show, those poor guys in there, you see, they're probably doing this to them.
Uh, you know, something that reminds me of when we're near, when they were trying to blow him out.
I don't want to get Jeff Perinoid, because Nodifo is a very paranoid insecure guy.
I mean, when you're terrified of rumor, you know how insecure you are.
But when they were trying to push Reniri out, they started like limiting the amount of airtime.
In other words, they come up with all these extra features and news and spots.
And so basically, a Reniri was on like two minutes an hour.
And that was it.
And then that didn't work.
You know, he didn't bail out of there.
So they finally said, oh, we'll pay for a year.
Don't come back.
And he said, okay, Uga Buga.
He didn't come back.
So that's one of the things they do.
I think the other thing maybe since now we're getting close to the baseball season,
that since they're having a tremendously difficult time.
And of course, uh, the support grid reads ego is the sports maven.
We got to put all these, uh, bum fork sports events on the year, which they can't sell.
So, you know, you got to give out bonus spots and, you know, a dollar or a holler and ten bucks a pop.
And anything to try to fill up the spots on those Marlon games, like the exhibition game,
we got a 1250 tomorrow afternoon.
Oh, God.
And Marlon's in the Cardinals.
That should make Dave the cop happy.
He'll be the only one listening to that crap.
By the way, today we got Hank at Chula's 2 to 6.
We got the Boobster 6 to 7 o'clock tonight.
Right back in the dinner hour.
Talk about what he knows best.
Ticking out.
And then we got the pregame show at 7 Rangers in the Panther.
7th or 8th of the night from the Mac Arena.
First of three home games.
It's about time.
Feel like it's been an eternity since we've been in that arena seeing our team do whatever it is they do.
Shhhhhhh!
That's the view!
7 to 9!
Get it, you guys!
I'm here to you.
Frank's a hot village.
I'm your full piece of a falling thing.
Hey, hey, hey.
I'm called by you.
Bobbie, remember to drop down to your knees and pray away.
Oi, oye, babe.
I'm not too much in show, he's ever gone.
Yo, it's here better than just yo.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I thank you, you jacky robber.
Hey, the way for only you go pro.
Yo, yo, yo.
Yo, yo, yo.
After four questions today by the way, who gives better head professional wrestlers or interior decorators?
1045 at 560 WQM.
And here's some stuff that came over the fax mischanges now from the internet, no less,
which usually I throw that stuff in the waste basket.
This is pretty interesting.
How the Reverend Jerry Fowlball and the California Political Organization helped finance and orchestrate an extensive anti-Cletan propaganda campaign.
A conservative political organization with ties to the Reverend Jerry Fowlball can covertly pay more than 200 grand to individuals who made damaging allegations about the president's personal conduct.
The money was paid out over a three year period between 1994 and 1996 by citizens for honest government, headquartered in Orange County, California.
Home of the favorite fascist of the world.
The payments are detailed in the organization's confidential counting ledgers and other internal records.
The payments in the allegations, some of which were either fabricated or grossly exaggerated, were part of a covert and sophisticated political propaganda effort to influence public opinion against the president.
How do you like that?
Huh? This is the same Jerry Fowlball that's worried about Tinky Winky and his purple people leader.
Very believable.
Okay, what are we going to do about giving away those pantheon tickets?
We're going to give them away or not.
That game is, I mean, the Panther Packer gone every ticket, every seat, every nook and cranny that you went to and I sold out.
Because this is the big one, baby.
This is, as they say, crunch time.
By the way, if you're wondering why I'm playing these jingles.
Because our car check in here, it turns out that those worn out heads.
Now, what are those? Those are the record heads, which these don't record.
What are they?
What is it?
These were obviously taken.
But they do date these machines.
They show it there from like before Maracone was a baby.
But nevertheless, our crack engineer came yesterday, flipped the switch here or two were there and now they're working like crazy.
Why not?
Yeah, but you made it in the sky.
Oh!
Yeah, let's go down to your jingles and play some cards, people there.
Because these cards eventually look like we're out.
You know, there will be a history.
There won't be any more cards.
Won't that be sad?
The day the cards died.
Oh, and speaking of jingles, by the way, so Bluff Lindy was in here this morning, briefly.
And said we got a jingle package from the last QAM jingle package back in 1992.
Now, we'll play some of these today and they're actually pretty good.
I like them better than some of the crap we're playing now.
But you know that you're a loser.
You know that question, how do you know when you're a loser?
You know you're a loser when a station orders a jingle package and the singers who sing the jingles, mispronounce your name.
Then you know you're a loser.
Ed Berliner, unforged radio, I'm 60 W.
And Ed Berliner, who of course everybody says about him.
He's an asshole.
Oh, is he ever?
I mean, he is.
Of all the people I've ever met in this business, I think he might, he's definitely, if not on the top four or five, bubbling under.
He's right up there at the top.
Really, Ed Berliner?
He's an asshole.
Ed Berliner.
So he was on this station, which of course along with John Moynihan, a lot of other losers, which is why they were doing fractions in the ratings until he brought some real broadcasters over here.
Like Diffle and Geltie.
Well, like Diffle, like I said.
J for Mont, unforged radio, I'm 50 W.
Ed Berliner, unforged radio, I'm 50 W.
Ed Berliner, baby.
Man, they must have known you an asshole.
They must have known everybody hates you like poison.
What a loser.
He is. He is such a, such a geek.
Okay, where we going?
Let's take a caller to ICB God.
Never gave the numbers out today.
By the way, that's good.
That's a good sign.
See, these phones are fine.
It's just the audience.
It's in the big, I heard Yankees today again.
He's out there at the Lichten.
He's out there at the Lichten.
And everything, I went to my mother's for lunch.
I get in the car.
I'm going there.
I'm back in the car to go home.
And every time I get in there, Yankees, we got any calls and they're saying, you know, there was like maybe one I heard.
We're going through a coma time now.
This town's having an identity crisis.
Here's Kindle.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We go with Mufftabr.
I mean, divers.
Yeah.
Okay.
And I don't know if you saw it.
You all referring to Greg Lucenas for you?
Of course.
Yeah, with your poll question.
Uh-huh.
With his poll?
A couple weeks ago, I don't know if you saw there was a report on like, big line or whether it shows about high school girls in wrestling.
Bikes?
Yeah, about how in Massachusetts, high school athletic association is letting girls wrestle.
And they can't start their own teams because there's not enough girls, but they're letting them wrestle with a guy.
Why don't we have like, co-ed wrestling so we can have something for the straight kids to do?
Well, they're doing it.
It's co-ed.
It's mixed.
Oh, it is co-ed.
It's mixed because there's not enough girls to start their own league.
All right.
All right.
There you go.
I think, you know, this poor straight bastards have been so repressed. It's about time we let them start wrestling with their conscience.
No one's mentioned that yet?
No, yeah.
Basically, what the whole thing was about it should have be allowed and they interviewed all the parents of the girls.
Why not?
They're all totally...
Why not? What's wrong with that?
Well, the thing is, they interviewed the boys and the boy hated it because they say,
if you win, well, you should win because you get a girl and if you lose, they're embarrassed because, you know, you should lose to a girl.
Who cares if you lose if you're getting a little action? Who cares about that?
See, those are the faggots. The guys that say we don't want to do it because we don't want to be embarrassed.
Those are the guys that should be on the guys' wrestling team.
Well, the fighting is the odd demand.
You told me a straight guy that don't want to run unless they're pigs, unless they're bull dicks, really grotesque.
And bull dicks wouldn't want to wrestle with guys anyway.
As the peace ended, they asked the interview asked both the boys and the girls should...
First they asked the girls, aren't you worried about the guys copying a feel or anything?
What's wrong with that?
The girls said, no, we haven't felt anything, no sexual touching yet at all.
And what better protection could you possibly get than those tights, those skin tight outfits that they wear?
When they asked the boys, now one of the boys said they were thinking about that.
They were all like, no, we're not thinking about that at all.
We're totally focused on just pinning the girl down.
And we're totally focused on pinning her ass down, right?
So maybe wrestling at the close second.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
You're going to have a great life.
There you go.
Yes!
Finally got something for those poor straight athletes to do, huh?
It's about time.
Because football, we know how faggy that is.
And of course, when you say that in America, oh, especially here, they get real upset.
By the way, how's Tony Martin?
Are they letting him out or what?
I was just thinking, you know, and of course, Tony is asking, well, you know, all those charges and everything.
Let's hold off to laughter this season, you know?
Because he's got to play and make 4.5 million or so.
Maybe we can get Lawrence Phillips back and Bobby Humphrey and Sammy Smith and Mark Duporgan,
so I'm going to hand him up again.
How about the Dolphin's having all criminal teams sounds good to me or alleged anyway?
And the fans would still show up and say, hey, we got the best criminal in the other country.
We love him.
Divers, figure skaters, professional wrestlers, swimmers, gymnastics, interior decorators,
paramedics, firefighters, or broadcasters.
I've known a couple of straight guys in this business.
Stan Major, Phil Henry, Mike Winnery, trying to think of any others.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I guess you would think much about Dave Lovante.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you know, when you played the Dave Lovante, you know, I mean, I really don't know much about Dave.
I like him. He's a friend of mine. He's a good guy.
Oh, well, I know I like ball games, but a real good guy.
Yeah, yeah, I listened to him.
I want to ask you what did you think of?
I think in your comments on when Steve Barnes was traded for Matthew Barnaby.
I said it was a good trade for both teams and it will be.
It's a pen go in the little more toughness. Barnaby didn't score any points last night, but he was instrumental.
He's good on that team.
They need somebody tough and the penguins are playing good, even with no money and with a bankrupt team.
And Buffalo needed somebody out of power play.
And now they got Juneau also. They're going to that will help them because I'll tell you Buffalo need guys that can stick it in the net.
You know, Hashek's great, but their defense is poor.
So they give up a tremendous number of shots.
They held on for dear life against Jersey last night to get that tie.
And if we're for Hashek, they're going out there as they need somebody to stick it in there.
Besides the great Miroslav Shitan, which I told you guys, by the way, months ago,
there's the most underpaid talent in the National Hockey League is Miroslav Shitan.
And of course, his name being Satan, all the right wingers are getting nervous about that.
I also like to make a request if you can play the Buffalo bill with the plastic surgeon thing.
Have a great day, sir.
Okay. Okay. A chance is that no.
No.
Okay. We down to a couple of calls and I'm not going to give the number out. You know what it is.
Yeah. I'm going to change my whole attitude about this because I got lots and lots of stuff here.
And we are taking a very important survey.
By the way, this is a scientific survey. And if your kid comes home from school and says,
Hey, Dad, I decided to join the wrestling team.
Well, I mean, you know, there's no reason not to be proud of that.
Just that that's like a message. That's a way of easing you win to an announcement that'll come later down the road.
That's all not always, but very likely.
And you're hurting to hear first on this show.
I'm sick and tired of all the pretensions and all the bull crap and all the lies and all the, you know, make believe.
Let's lay it right out there. Okay.
This asshole across me yesterday.
Oh, well, most of the professional wrestlers I know are very fine gentlemen.
So most of the fags I know are very fine gentlemen, too like me.
Why the hell can't they be gay and be fine gentlemen that goes back to those stereotypical ideas again about hairdressers and paramedics?
Here's Margate. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Number one, Ed Berliner is a fine young man. I know him for many, many years.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, he's an asshole, but he's a nice guy.
No, he's not.
Number two, he's a self-absorbed, egotistical, arrogant piece of crap Ed Berliner.
But he never stole a freight train.
Yeah, you don't know Ed Berliner.
I swear I do. I bet $100.
I don't know. Well, you bet me you know Ed Berliner. That's your claim to fame.
I would deny it.
And if I say you know Ed Berliner, I'd say no, I never heard of it.
Ed Berliner.
Oh my god.
Ed Berliner.
He calls himself.
No, he is not.
Many, many years ago.
He does not call himself Berliner.
So you don't know him, sir.
Go ahead. Next, next point.
Number two, did you have it?
Hopefully you better than that one.
Did you have it?
Did you have it?
Did you have it in the day?
No.
Oh, it was great. It was Andre the Giant.
Why the hell would I want to watch that crap?
Well, anyway, on the day one, I know there's all those sports reporters and sportscasters and sports mavens and sports smelt there.
Does anybody know what happened to Scott Melumbi yesterday at the NHL hearing?
Don't you read a newspaper, sir?
It's not in there today.
It sure is.
Then this comes that no?
It's in both papers.
It says that they reviewed it and he didn't high stick the guy that he just got his elbows up and that they apologize.
He shouldn't have been suspended at all for the Anaheim game and he's back in the line up tonight.
Read a newspaper, sir.
Have somebody read it to you would be good.
Have somebody that can read, read it to you and it would be excellent, okay?
Oh, this chronic Debbie, you know, the chronic colors are annoying, but the chronic faxies I really wonder about, you know.
The chronic faxies are Debbie.
She must be the Debbie on a mobile at-pitch.
You know, she must be the same one.
Because the faxies on and on and not even with a hockey fax, which I didn't read because I saw the name.
Okay, sweetheart, not interested.
You're chronic. You're a cornice.
That's our full question, which is more dangerous, say cornhole or a cornice?
10.56 and well, I know who's dangerous.
I'm sports.
Come on, get it. Get the faxies at the beginning there.
Come on.
What's his name?
Ed Berliner.
Oh, boy.
See, I shouldn't have known this guy was a loser calling me to brag that he knew him.
All you kids out there, if anybody says, do you ever hear of Ed Berliner?
Immediately if not sooner, say, no, real loud, yell it.
No.
Or they'll start wondering about you guys.
Get me a hot, hot towel, because I'm sports.
I'm somewhere.
I knew that this would happen sooner or later.
I find a person who knew that, and I know I'd like to know.
Why all these things happen?
I thought wearing foxes were bad, but I thought all them here just nicked into the air.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm watching my Apple Room
For when I get a few sounds out
That's when I'll know who I am
That's what's in it's right
I thought well and nothing was bad
What's my ballroom?
11-0-3-5-60
Guys put on real tight outfits
Real tight pants and the center gets down on his hands and knees
And a quarterback comes up right behind him
Puts his hands under his back bone
Right up against his crotch
And says give me your pigskin
You know, what could be more fade than that
These are great. How come we're not using these?
Huh?
We are now. We're using them on this show
Because they sound like a little bit contemporary like a little upbeat
That's what we need some jingles to spice this place up
All right. Yeah, there you go
Something that makes it sound a little bit more like F-M-I-C
I was thinking when I was playing those jingles this morning
Before we came on the air
You know what? A-M-what a sad thing
I realized it sounds like an especially our spots in there because we don't care
The muffled spots and the ones where they had to pot open when they were dubbing them in there
Like the one that D-Fo just had on there
I mean how can we put that stuff on the air?
How can we do it? Sounds so bad
Like it's coming through a strainer
But once upon a time before people discovered F-M and the audio quality of it
A-M-I'll give kids out there that don't know from A-M including Deborah over there at Publix
By the songgrass
W-E-R-E-C
Yeah, that's where I was those were the golden days the great days
W-E-R-E-C
W-E-R-E-C
Oh boy. Bring back a lot of good memories for back in the days when your radio was worth turning on
Which is not too much anymore
This morning I come out of work and you're right about the beach boys by the way
There you know as much as I like the beach boys they're just spectacular. They're really are. I was listening to Marvin and Tammy this morning
And then when I finished with that I popped into beach boys
In my brand new beautiful Corvette and I said hey this is life. In fact speaking of my car by the way
First time in my life something happened I went to Walgreens yesterday
I have to get that prescription that Dr. Mark was kind enough to call in
And I'm almost off all my medication by the way
I don't know a bare minimum no more client ace my blood sugar this morning with no pills for two days
Wait till you hear this 77
77 like W-E-R-E-C
That's the music sounds best on W-E-R-E-C
Oh see that's my luck that one wouldn't have the 77 on it you bastards how about
Come on
W-E-R-E-C
Assholes come on now one time 77
Thank you
I got bless you Pam singers 77 how do you like that so anyway I go in I get my friend they were very nice to me in Walgreens this time I mean real even at the
That farm with it you know everybody looked at me and like one of my listeners was sitting there which may have helped he said over here
About this on the year tomorrow. I said I hope not and I won another episode like I had last time
And they looked at me out of the corner of all of their eyes and the boy I was in and out of there in a heartbeat
And I walked out to my brand new beautiful car and I looked at it and I thought this is the first time this has ever happened
I've owned two Ferrari's Porsche I've had that awful NSX that I've got the tires that I've got to be changed every week
I've had a lot of nice cars in my life
And I walked out there and I looked at that car which I've now had only two days and I said to myself
That's my car you know what I'm saying you follow what I'm saying
That's mine as if holy crap I'm excited about that
It's beautiful car
It is just something that hit me like wow I'm actually going to get in and put the my key in the ignition and drive away in it
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello
Yeah Neil I'm a native Miami and in a lifetime New Yorkator sports teams and shameless request
I just got done taking my age-year old son for an MRI because his leg tore up pretty good
I think if I could take him to hockey games
No, no, no, no. I will steep stairs there man
I want to get him his leg chewed up with that hockey game
5670560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line
And he says get his leg chewed up right
I don't want to be responsible I mean we don't have any malpractice insurance
I'd love to have you and your son be able to go see the games tonight
But when he feels better when he's all healed up because God forbid you should fall on those stairs or you know anywhere in that arena
And then Wayne's gonna have to pay you know all that insurance money
We'll give away between now and new I'll go into you that we got that one pair of good seats to 105 from row 15 excellent seats
See this this should tell you the fact that we got some open lines under the fact that this we're going through a real desperate time in this town
We're going through a real real hard time
Maybe everybody's gone for the holidays maybe they're just all into a coma
Maybe Castro's got that woodpecker vibrating and everybody's affecting their minds
Maybe they're just glued to the TV or there's Christiana Amin pour right away on CNN what's he doing?
He's selling gasoline
Bill all right Christiana Amin pour again on the ground there by telephone
Could you tell him by the way or ask him?
We could get some level because that's wide open you know
As we mentioned in the secretary general Javier Solana has given the phone line
No I'm not serious I mean
It's on the list
Oh that's right they're giving it all ahead to bomb them into submission there okay in Kosovo
Good that's it let's get with it like I said let's stop being pussy for once in our lives
You know let's see if we really mean it if we care about innocent people being slaughtered and butchered and we're going to do something about it
And just talk a good game you notice by the way of the money slaughter innocent people in Africa
Which they're doing by the thousands in your game to end other places nobody in a work cares about that nobody intervenes nobody says the damn thing
But when there's like white folks involved like in Yugoslavia or Kosovo or which is like a little turd about used to be Yugoslavia
It's a turd then we got all upset and we start in there we got the B2s and we got the stealth and we got all the stuff going in there
And we're going to blow them back into submission
That's the place for me I got the brand new Nike's and I'm ready to die
Eight boys and chillos the rest of the guys were going to a station
They can't be seen her souls will be taken by a particle being
And they should be the only thing the father big you got to sit down to be me you know I think the poison is a type in me is the hell bot comical or me
And for liner unforged radio I've been seen W.C.
All right yeah well I've said they must have known what an asshole he was when they were recording the jingle all those Pam singers they must have said oh yeah
He's a real jackass let's screw up his name
Okay let's give those damn pantheid tickets away then we can proceed and do a real show okay then we can really move on with life as we know it or use to know it
We're taking a poll today by the way which occupation is the highest percentage of gay so far
Paramedics are way ahead in the voting we're doing it on the internet on our website
655 votes for paramedics which is at least 200 votes ahead of the divers figure skaters professional wrestlers is the second at the moment
Swimmers gymnastics broadcasters which that's in there interior decorators and firefighters
You know guys like you know that go up and down a grease pool all day you really have to wonder about them
They slide up and down a grease pool they grease it up and they slide up and down on it and the poll too
And paramedics I mean what is that about paramedics?
What why is these certain occupations attract and basically when you start see a lot of people a lot of the heterosexuals out there
Get very nervous about this because then they start realizing how many of us there are around you know even George gets nervous because it makes you realize that we're like just
millions and millions and millions and billions of us all over the place I'm not nervous. I love it. Well yeah nobody wants you anyway
I want to be the only straight guy in the world
Here's a mobile in poor lotterdale hello
Neil yes sir and Rochester New York dead woman wrestling 60 years ago I remember butch Martin's on Ridge Road
Of course not. I don't remember. How can I remember 60 years ago when I was a young guy but they had women wrestling over there many many years ago
Yeah, you're right. It was a joke. It was unbelievable and then I was on a meal. Yes. Well how can I get in touch with boom boom Chevrolet
That's my who was he who boom boom you know the Frenchman the great how do you pronounce his last name I don't know I can't do you help me Jeffrey on Jeffrey on yeah
Well listen said you're heading the ground and you'll be in touch with him real soon okay the boomer boom boom Jeffery on and see this
Who the next this what we need is 90 year old guys talking about stuff that happened a hundred years ago
Do we have any interest in that no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of 18 T line
We got plenty of open lines here for today. We're getting a pull number one number two we're giving away tickets to night skin
That's already sold out that they're not even any pantomac and we still got open lines. I'm telling you man we're up again
It's following on this I would have scheduled about a three month vacation be having a hell of a good time right now I'd be wrestling with it right now
And instead I'm wrestling with a phone here that said there's got to be something I'm telling you believe me when I tell you
Even that high price tank over showing you afternoon and he calls no there's something going on since they came in and they added that line that doesn't work
I think they're choking it on us is what they're doing you're you know I'm telling you there's something really bizarre and strange going on with this telephone
And of course God forbid that we should get the phone people in here to check this damn thing out they don't roll over they come in very strange places
They're all over the place look at that God only knows what the hell this system is all about
Probably got a new phone system and a god dumpster at crazzies
Here's a mobile invoker hello
And how you doing okay sir
I just paid tonight for a jumbo sports when I heard you spot on New Jersey my daughter was not sorry I just picked up and take her
And I would hope that I could just take her to get her
Yeah it's some pucky little kid like that screaming that's the last thing we need to are you out of your mind
I mean and by the way you know I keep having these problems with those people that sit in front of me
They don't always show up thank God in the landscape they show up and they start passing those little kids around like ornaments
And holding them up in the ear in front of us and then they look around my oh we're so sorry I don't want to be I don't want sorry
I want to see the game I don't want sorry I want you to put those little kids on your seat or leave them home and get a god damn babysitter
In fact I'll tell you what maybe we'll take up a collection in my role and we'll pay for a babysitter so it can keep those little kids at home
And stop holding them up like God damn Christmas tree ornaments already or Hanukkah Bush ornaments
We go there to see the game not to see the back of your heads and your kids and all that crap that we did it just a half a dozen people
That's all we got it's a little problem there right in front of me okay
I don't know what it takes maybe I got to bring a billboard there maybe I got to put a neon sign up
And put in front of the macarena saying all you assholes with your little kids keep them in the seats
There may not be many of us who care about the game but I happen to be one I'm not going to go there unless I can see the god damn game
Seriously I mean you know you rip these people on the ear they know it they listen they're friends listen people are telling them there's no shame level
Their friends come over to hang out in the aisle there while the game is going on you're you're you're craning your head as conspicuously as you can
I mean if it happens again I'm just going to say get the hell out of the way you asshole that's all I
Mean we're starting to get out of the point where these games really mean something we only got 13 regular season games
That we got a shot at the playoffs if pop out of a decide that his pinky heels up that he's feeling good enough to play
And if Mike Wilson decides to show up for practice so we don't get benched on his first night
God that's just what we needed is a guy who's compulsively late for everything with a coach like a kindergarten teacher Terry Murray
Just what we needed
Oh brother now what now what's just happened there say what is that
I'm telling you you take it what tickets here's your field be tello yet to Neil yes sir how are you great response to the poll question yes actors
Yeah, that's another category. You see how you're introducing other categories well
I mean that there's more there's more fags in acting then in
Figure skating
Yes, I
Would believe so you know any straight figure skaters none oh you know I left the most important thing out what's that pre-todd
Huh I left the most important what I'm shmuck I am number one I'm going to be in the chair number one with a bullet right
Okay, thanks for the good news you said actors more fat. Yeah, Hollywood. You know it's that showbiz RT-Farty thing
And now that Jean Siskel is dead. What about the movie critics?
He was the only one we only straight guy we had right other than Rex Reed
Would you people what is this is this well what is this what are these fags that you're sending me here what what is this?
See look at how this guy fags at me sends me three pages that are okay, and please don't refax it
Article this article that you don't have the writer this yeah, well, what is this mean sir? What does this mean?
And then he has to know it on there. Hope you enjoyed as much as he did no did I enjoy no you wasted our paper pal
How many trees have to be chopped down how many living and breathing trees of God God's living trees have to be chopped down
To make the paper so that people can waste our facts would crap like that and so that Debbie on a mobile can keep back with her little smiley face on the faxes
Your chronic Debbie you're a cornice
That's our full question of this hour is it worth to be a cornice or a corn whore or a
Corn Husker or a corn Husker
So what about that Tony Martin huh?
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. You yes sir bodybuilders
Bodybuilders Jesus Christ. I mean not one profession that we haven't taken over right yeah bodybuilders and by the way
Excellent. Thank you sir and let me just tell you this okay since you're trying I mean we a lot of people try to be anonymous
Okay, I think that's wrong. I think we should all be whatever we are you know as long as we're not as long as we do the DNH
We're not harming anybody not messing with kids is what I day you know be what you are you are what you are like they said net the movie again
Huh, but anybody that where when you see a guy like on a plane you want to play in the news a guy that's where reading men's health magazine
Okay, you read men's health magazine no
Huh? No, you're seeing it on the newsstand. Yeah
Anybody that's reading men's health magazine that's the homo okay, I'm just telling you
Just so you know, I mean it's not important. Maybe you want to ask for a date. I don't know
Any guy that reads men's health magazine is
Here's coconut grove hello, hey, no, yes sir. What about interior design? Got that. That's on my list
And fashion designer what's the difference?
Fashion designer like like Gianni Prisaccio there you go right right
Shandex request yes, sir. You have the chance. We never come again from the TVC. So
Oh, I wonder if I got that. I'll find it. Okay. Are you from Canada?
Toronto you're from Toronto. Yeah, all right
Um, the path is uh the pathorex for the sold out or yes, you know the whole game is sold out
Um
Can I get the tickets? Yeah, thank you. You want to know why? Why because you're from Toronto. Oh, thanks hold on a all right
All right, there you go. Oh, this audience is pissed off. They hated me before but now they're really pissed off
He's a good guy from Toronto. Hey, those are real people up there. The ones that speak English is most of the people they hate to frogs like poison
That's a real city, baby. Not a plastic make-believe joint like this. Now we're talking now. I feel like I accomplished something today
Now that's the hockey music he's talking about. I don't think that's in there anymore, is it?
I think so under under what CBC it's under CBC. Are you sure? No, no CBC my add see this hockey
hockey
What's this obsession with hockey?
hockey uh stop and time
hockey bob coal Jeff Rimmer. Oh, by the way, rumors find dinner this weekend
Anybody believe it? No
Uh
I got it somewhere
What is it called? Maybe disc three maybe oh
I'm not with all the hockey stuff. I'm giving them the guy damn hockey tickets. I'm gonna worry about playing him a request
In addition to which this audience still want to hear that song now. We're not gonna play off yet
Once Pavell Brewery comes back and we sneak in an edg out Caroline and win the division to get the number three seed in a home advantage
And all of a sudden they get hot again like did it three years ago. You believe it? No, well, we can dream can't we
Then we'll start playing all that corny stuff
The last thing the people that this audience want to hear about is hockey
They don't know if they don't understand it
It's like the people who work on this radio station. They wouldn't know boom boom Jeffery on from uh Jefferyish warts that they wouldn't know from it from Jeffrey beam
I wonder if that last guy if he realized that Johnny Versace ain't uh
feeling too good
And by the way, you realize that dog with a bullet through a sign that was like a mafia symbol. He just happened to be there at the moment
Here's a mobile in West Palm, the cello
Okay, yes sir you're god. Yes, I am
Mike Wilson. How's he gonna handle?
Health Terry Murray gonna handle with his antics. I don't know
I mean even even our good friend Jason Mollie says he's a good guy, but he has she's got problems
He shows up late. He's chronically late
Do you think that'd be the last guy in the world at tm one is a guy who's late all the time
Well, he could always shack him up with uh with the one that couldn't make the bus
Yeah
That was the breadhead was that breadheadkins roommate whose breadheadkins roommate
That was uh the minor leaker brought up um
We got it hot right now who's hot who's scoring
Kavasha yet no
Parrish Parrish
Right, that was Mark's very you're right. Yeah Mark Parrish missed that bus and uh and uh figured it
They put him and Wilson together
Maybe the two of them together can make it on time. Yeah, good point
Make it there. Okay pal good luck to us. Hey, we're gonna we're gonna take the Rangers and we're gonna go on with the suite
We got this home stand. We're gonna go on and then and it's total faith in the path that you got to believe just like the marlin
All right, just like the marlin
Okay, he was doing good to say just like the marlin. Oh, oh
He didn't really mean that did he mean just like the marlin? No
He was talking like just like the marlin's a couple of years ago. It was winning. Not like now. Do we care about the marlins now?
No, ever again. No, sorry. Got that ballgame. Do our any interest that the marlin's exhibition this game? No, no interest
Love these jingles, baby
We're gonna be in a few days
There's one of the good guys in his town. Dave Lamani's a good guy
At Berliner. He's an asshole
See, I tell it like it is you know if you're a good guy, I'll give you all the credit in the world
There's some real good people like yesterday. I walk out to go take a leak who's in the hallway Ken Walden
One of the real gentleman one of the great people in the history of broadcasting
He ought to be I don't know they have like a radio hall of fame for this market now
They just have those stupid award dinners those women and radio awards dinners
Those carpet munchers get together and you know, I'm about I mean seriously
Why don't we recognize him
There is one of the real class people that ever worked in this market Ken Walden
I am proud in fact, I'm embarrassed that I work for Greg Reed
But I'm proud that I work on the same station with Ken Walden. How do you like that?
And Ken Walden by the way running run spreading mine all over the building
It's new on CBS
Homicide
Join that hilarious squad of police investigators solve those wacky inner city murders
Starring Harvey Firestein as Lieutenant poker. Okay, let's it up
I need volunteers to dress up like hookers for an undercover operation
Hold it hold it hold it one at a time now everybody can't go welcome home CBS
It's a lot of 32 at 560 WQM the Hank Overshow from Los Angeles day two and two o'clock
Boob Shambi very briefly from
7 we don't want to interrupt his feeding this evening
That's seven o'clock to pregame from the Macarena 7 30 to Panthers beat the crap out of the obnoxious rangers
Ray Whitney's gonna have a not just a hat trick. He's gonna stick four of them in there tonight. That a boy Ray
I'm telling you we're gonna kick their ass you can feel it. You can smell it
You can smell the cast of death over John Schmuckler and the entire Ranger organization and Neil Smith and all the rest of those go
You can smell it as we stick the nail into coffin of the Rangers
It's not important that we make the playoffs, but that we make sure that they don't that's the most important thing
By the way, Carol thanks for your facts. You points out another very good category
Flight attendance male flight attendance. Well, I'd say that's that's close to 100% huh
Ever see a straight male flight attendant in your life. No, I mean, I'm sure there must be a couple tokens
Then here's a fact from somebody who's very agitated over there a queer channel with Pete Bolger by the way
I'll get to that in a minute
That's some very cost of things to say not only about him, but about that babbling bro
Anybody been listed in her? No, I didn't think so
Sure like my CDs you know what in the car
Here's a crawlgables. Hello
Crawlgables hey, Neil sir. How you doing great? Um, I think it's far in a way of pro wrestling
Pro wrestlers are far I mean, that's just the gay sport. There is the fact I thought come there all these people denying it
Well, you know if they went to see the real stuff the extreme championship wrestling
They have an open they had an openly gay character for a while right little Stevie Richards who had um
Davie Duke shorts little Stevie. Yeah, yeah, little Stevie Richards. He had a little um, you know cut off tank top and he had a little poof metal hair
And one time he was trying to pass for straight and one of his boyfriend. I suppose the other wrestler raven
pointed out how he he said that you may have a girl now Richard
But we all know you're still a fact and he got all these trailer park trash just thousands of them to chant
Steve still a bag
You know, I gotta say you
I mean all the hatred just transposed they all knew that he was still a fact
Yeah, and thus it was okay for all the little you know trailer park types
To go that route when it comes their time. Beautiful
Well, I think that's why we got to make a make this point here that every profession you go into were
You know in the back I would be I would be surprised if there's only like 10% the population is straight
I think they got it upside down. Hmm something to think about
Well, I don't know I'm great, but this just this conversations making my arm go limp. I gotta tell you okay. Take care
It's making something go limp. Yeah, it felt like an arm
On your kids out there in the high school wrestling teams. We just say to your coach before the end of this week
You know, this was a lot of fun, but I think track and field you know it's a lot safer
Huh?
Oh, yeah, it's a lot safer. It's better for my image especially since that fags on here outing everybody telling everybody what a fag
Enterprise is guys grappling and groping and mounting each other. I mean, I never really thought about it so much
until maybe I'm having like some kind of a spiritual reawakening the last few weeks because
now
Even as much against organized religions. I always have been the last week or two
I start listening and hearing and reading things and it's a million times more than it ever was before that I realized
But you'd have to be out of your mind. You'd have to be certifiable to believe any of these things
Like this crap about the devil there are adults there are living and breathing people that believe in
Lucifer Satan I'm not talking about nearest loft shittain away the time go for the saber's life
I'm talking about Satan maybe with a tail of a pitchfork
Who maybe people are by the way he could be the anti-Christ that piece of crap
It's just thank you once again people are for lines
You ever tell anyone anything that is not a lie or some maneuver which will eventually step somebody in the back
No, we know that the joke of a broadcaster brook Daniels will be out soon since her numbers are dropping like a rock
Not that it isn't well deserved since he's completely talentless
How do you like this? And this is from over on the inside over there too from queer channel
Completely talentless empty headed third-rate Randy Rhodes ripoff
pathetic
Well, we're stopwater's talk station right even though only seven hours of programming our local god damn Pete
You even lie to the audience whatever audience is left. What's next Karen Kay
You're the embodiment. I'm embodiment of corporate ass sucking. How do you sleep?
Thousands commit suicide every day
We won't be sorry if you decide to go along with that trend
It says as a matter of fact all purchase a very expensive life insurance policy for your wife to make sure she and her children are properly taken care of once
You're dead and buried and John Ford hates you like boys and two
Oh, they're hostile over there a queer channel baby
And a fax is right from the inside there it is in the upper left-hand corner clear channel with the full number the whole day the facts number
Wow
They hate you like poison PD the tweeting of course you don't care
He's got his lips firmly on
Rana's butt and on David Ross's butt and whatever buddy can get him on you know
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach hello
Delray
Going once
Going twice they died in Delray Beach which that's going around up there by the way five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Hollywood hello
Hollywood
Yes, sir
Hey, I wanted to uh who um and the white mind is from the city council out in Hollywood
Is there both in a change the name of a presidential circle for Joseph Oswald?
Yeah, I see where his angle berg is very upset about that too. I read that thing today. He's all pissed off about it
It's nice to know that our council people out here in Hollywood
I would spend the most of the day trying to go ahead renamed this place
Why don't they instead just go over to the beach there and put a sign up go home frogs which would be doing everybody a service
Huh wouldn't that be better? That's right. That's right. Do something productive for the taxpayers in the Hollywood make the frogs go
I'll get that out of here and put some clothing on before you get out exactly. There's definitely his ride
Thank you. God bless you sir. Have a great day and you too
Yeah, I read that thing this morning and Morse Angleberg
Joe's attorney and longtime companion whatever the hell I mean what
Know nothing about what we're talking about
What is it about what you're talking about what about?
About renaming presidential circle
What are you some kind of anti-Semite they don't like Joe to manage you just because he
smoked three packs of camels a day and was a bad example for all the kids today
And died because he was maybe he didn't die because they took his long out maybe died because he was 84 years old
That every day that Uncle Milky Circle. Yeah, that's right. He's still alive and got a much bigger shlong tube by the way
He gave Maryland a big O. Yeah, Gary. You know, you know, in fact, there was a line in the book
Yeah, who was it that said was in Maryland Monroe? It's it's you must be psychic
It's in this book in the Okunanan book by that bag Gary Indiana and it says exactly that
Somebody once told Maryland Monroe that built he had the biggest shlong in Hollywood and her comment was who cares who would do him anyway
Seriously that's it's it's I'll find it before the show is over I'll find these that quote you must be psychic god damn it
We got a psychic little speaker you have your own show on channel of 51 by the end of the week
Get you some magnetic bracelets some potions and lotions and golden
Whatever, huh?
All those old Cuban ladies that we fall in hand over fifth to send you money
So I'll be going
Yeah
21 till the noon at 560 WQM of course we left we left the Julio's us to list you know the fact
I mean, you know just like George said that's so obvious
It's almost like the priest thing
I know someone like to do that sandwich or so
Hit mom that skinny chick the skinniest chick I know
You're future's bleak that heroin speak you got to lay off the blow
Hit mom that skinny chick we want to know what's the deal
The clothes and grab when you're in rehab your worst than alley Mcbeale
1145 remember Jack Lemons said I had a lousy time and you go slavio
remember that
That was in a movie mass appeal. Didn't you ever see that movie?
A long time ago
Richard was that his name Richard Durning or no Charles Durning he was the priest the older priest
And I had a lousy time in Yugoslavia
Which is about the only time I'll ever hear about Yugoslavia except now that we're a bummin
The hell out of them over there in coast and is it constable or coast of oh
That kind of like changes back and forth forth and back because nobody ever heard of it before anyway
I told you that jet bush was an asshole by the way. Told you that here's living proof
Restore sodas in the schools bush says he'll drink to that
How do you like that?
Uh
Calahansi governor jet bush agreed things would go better with coke and by the way
Anybody see the coaks of stock is going along with the rest of the market in the toilet
The agreed things would go better with coke after listening to wait to baton Tuesday over whether the state should drop
Restrictions on soft-ring stales in high schools you parents out there you should be screaming bloody murder on this
Okay, of course all you mothers out there probably going to publish and buy all kinds of sodas anyway and poisoning your kids with lots and lots of sugar
A Coca-Cola spokesperson and school board officials urged the governor and floater cabinet to be vocal rule that prohibits the sale of beverages from vending machines until at least one hour after the
last lunch period nutritionist degree are argued against any change
The cabinet would sit at as the state board of education took no median action
But boy said he wants to go on record in favor of a repeal. We have too many rules on schools. He said
Commission's from vending machines sales would pump millions of dollars into the schools for computers teacher aids learning materials
Athletic equipment and other needs repeal supporters continued
The simple fact is we cannot live on taxpayers money alone said panellas county school board attorney John Bowen
Florida school boards association lobbyist Wayne Blanton also favored repeal saying local boards that make the final decision
Frank Mullins food service director of the Indian River County school that said vending machines would siphon money from school lunchrooms
It's just moving the money from one pocket to another he said it says that the cabinets want schools to sell sodas the food services could do the job instead of the vending machines
Mullins and telehassy nutritionist Freddie Kay also argue that selling more soda will harm the health of children because soft drinks have a high sugar content
And they displaced milk in the youngsters that's a less bad argument milk will kill them too
Kay held up a 12 ounce paper cup in a glass jar containing seven teaspoons of sugar the amount in 12 ounces of soda
Are you listening to that 12 ounces of soda seven freaking teaspoons of sugar
Girls who drink soda instead of milk are increasing their chances of later getting osteoporosis of bone disease
Milk has high levels of calcium which prevents osteoporosis et cetera et cetera
How do you like that governor wants coke back in him again to your schools, okay?
Maybe he's not talking about Coca-Cola. Maybe this wants coke like that back in the schools, huh
Fony faker. I noticed man was exactly what we knew he was before
Piece of crap
Here's a lady in pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Okay. I have the two contributions to your list. Yes
Show horse trainers and dog show trainers show and dog
Trainers you would be every major horse show in the country you would be really impressed to find a street man
Uh-huh, maybe is that why when I see the dog shows they all go prancing around with their dogs on the leash
That's exactly why and I don't know about dog shows but with horses. There's kind of a moratorium on ugly men
Really yeah, huh have to check those on yes, okay, thanks and I thought in Toronto that Alan Eagleton was the anti-craze
He is and does that make Andy Kostman gay? Harold Harold Ballard's a close second and have a great day
Okay, we haven't there somebody knows something about hockey. See these people from up there in Canada
I'm talking about the English speaking ones. They're the salt of the earth. They're the good folks the private of course we ate them like poison
They know something I should I'm going up to be on here up there. I'm not going to waste my time with this crap anymore
You know I'm going to talk to some people who have got something to say who we speak the same language down here all
I know is
Yeah, what do you got for free? That's all I know down here
In fact, it's appropriate to frogs come down here because the the cheapest back to done the face of the earth and they come down here because they can relate
Here's a mobile and coral springs hello
Hey Neil God
Yes, sir
All right, hey, it's the first time you're ever in jab bushel. Why since you got elected he's been sitting on his ass up there
And I got a couple I got a couple of professions for you. Yes, sir
sports radio talk show host not including yourself of course
And that's as I know to a sports show right and
Reel itters Reelder
Mail Reel itters, okay
Okay, got it now. How do you spell that Reel itter?
Most people say that just like people say jew- uh jullers
It's a jullery it's jewelry in jullers instead of jurers
Huh, there's some there's some glue who sell a jewelry
You're even some going to drive you canoes
Here's a mobile in poppano hello
Neil yes, sir, good afternoon sir. All right. It's almost there that time. I got a got a couple of questions for you
Yes, sir, okay, let's start out with the people who are working business in the world
And how about a politics and key west all the politicians
Okay, whatever you say
Well, he should know I guess five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
Of course not to mention the people who hang out there in a Westland, but that's not a part well. Maybe it is a profession
And how are those glory holes get started? I still had no response to the yesterday's question
Which I thought was pretty interesting especially those of us men who are real men that don't go cruising around in ladies tea rooms
Like George evidently has looking for graffiti or whatever he can sniff in there
To see so now seriously
I wonder if they're if in women write graffiti on the walls in restrooms
Men we know do it because men were sick were twisted. I've never done it
I've never written any graffiti. I've read it. I've said they're reading it sometime very amusing
Huh in fact sometimes it's so funny. It'll yeah knock that right out of you which helps that's good
But women I don't know
See there's this image that we have that women are I guess a little bit too pricey and too squeaky clean for that
You know what I mean?
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello. Neil guy. Yes, sir. One more profession for you
Of course if those bull likes ever figure out how to if they ever figure out how to put a glory hole in those restrooms
Yes, sir
Top of your salesman
What kind of what kind of salesman copy your salesman copy your salesman
I don't need two guys one of Catholic one of them is Jewish. Yeah, listen to you right now. Yes
Driving off the freaking road metakone see okay
We'll take russia's okay thumb to butcher up
Copy your salesman. How do you like that and one of them is a cat lick
He's looking at nine minutes still known as five sixty-kilm
Finally found a topic this time can relate to I mean we heard the fudge packers all the heterosexuals a few months ago
And we found out brought them out of the closet. I think it's good everybody come out wherever you are
Okay, open up the door swing it open wide and let's let's breathe the fresh here
Just DNH and let's be who we are okay, and stop trying to kid each other like that guy who called at the end of the show yesterday
Who are you kiddin pal gorgeous George? I mean he was right there on TV talking all that crap talking all that trash
How about the how about rock stars?
Left that out
Other than Rod Stewart and Brian Wilson and Steve Tyler here's a pepper pie and tello
And Dusty Springfield a pepper pie and tello going once gone one god. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello
Mobile implantation
Okay, here's a North Miami Beach hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what's up? How you doing, sir?
I'm like I'm sorry for you. Are you ready? I'm ready. All right. I'll show it's gonna be real short
I went to ticket master this morning at 9.40 a.m. at the public some Miami Beach. Yes, and the after-pantic act tickets you you asked for what for panticac tickets for my next game
The person put it into the computer and said that I have to go
I mean person said we're in full ten o'clock
Right because it was 9.40. Oh, I'm so so wait a 20 minutes and then she tried again on the computer and it didn't work
So she called up the main ticket master office and they told her that she have to go according to the network time
on the computer because I think network time the computer was like half an hour earlier than in real time
So it said 9.30. It's like all screw up or something
You understand so far? No
Okay, go ahead. Okay, fine. So so fine. So I waited and left you half an hour and at 10 o'clock
The person tried to computer again and didn't work so she called up the main ticket master and the decision of the
Pantic act ticket is for handicapped people
So my quote the hello you should qualify it, okay
Say uh, I help out the mentally handicapped we have a little bit of that around here
In fact, we have people that have handicapped stickers in their vehicles because of the mentally handicapped
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Anybody understand what he was talking about? No, but the good news is he won't be at the game tonight. That's the good news
Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Hey another American profession
Uh dancers on award shows dancers. Oh, yeah, well that's that's a hundred percent. That's right down the line
Let you know how about ballet dancers all of them separate Ron Reagan Jr
We don't we're believing him
Okay, thank you sir. The list is it's growing and growing and growing. It's expanding. It's like a big gigantic serpent out of control
It's getting so big
Man, let's get it. Let's last a what and before it gets to dangerous
Divers figure skaters professional wrestler swimmers gymnastics broadcasters interior decorators fashion designers
Paramedics firefighters actors ballerina dancers other dancers show dancers show horses show dog trainers priests bodybuilders
Flight into male flight attendants reelsers copy salesmen people are working at the AT&T rooms in Westland
She's is Christ. Are there any straight people left out there? No
Here's a mobile in tempered pine. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. A couple more professions for you. Yeah
Male dog groomers
Oh, you know your dog groomers. You know something virtually everybody that works in the
Venonarian, but yeah, you're right absolutely correct right and then flower designers flower a florist
florist. Yeah, I'm not Jeff the florist. He's about the only straight florist. I know it's Jeff the florist. Well
They got lots of pansies and that flower business
Okay, I would job sir. Yes, you got a time for another little pet peeve here. Yeah, I was trying to find the day
You had a couple days you had baseball games on I was trying to find some notes on the radio
Good luck FM forget it. I have 12 buttons on my radio right FM
I could I have five of them set to the same station because I couldn't find enough options for all
The worst FM market in America even in Sturgis Michigan the music is better on FM the absolute worst
Yeah, I like God you know oldies like from the late 50s
Right and stuff like that, but they play the same 10 songs magic plays the same six records over and over again
That's all they know it's sickening. Yeah
Anyhow I'm glad you're on the radio. You're good to get your good CD player. I've got one at home
That's 500 CDs
tremendous. Okay. Thank you. Good luck sir. God bless you
dog groomers florist boy the list is growing and growing. I mean what's like a real manly profession that's left, huh?
Is there like is there one is you know construction workers and steel construction workers? Oh, man
Hardhats
Boy, I guess you haven't seen too many village people videos lately. Have you?
Hey
Well, I'm Jerry Paul will on the right hand of God and when I woke up today
I put my TV on and it's there with happy me or CNN. I saw a purple creature with a gay sign on his head
It wasn't upside down triangle purple pinky winky
Upside down triangle purple pinky winky
Hey
Hey
Where's just when I thought he couldn't get worse? I know to see with carrying a little
How can they call this a children show
I know these pencils but I have a brown hole. He has them upside
And a purple pinky winky
Upside down triangle purple pinky
I hope you drink your balls
Hey, purple pinky winky
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
We're almost about Christian classes hard to believe but on the teller tell me
Tell me is the TV street?
It had a purple penis pointing straight at me
That was blowing an eye through the hole in the sink
Couple three and five fifty-one here's the fact from Palm Beach County
Yeah, okay, okay blow out your ass
It says canis with two ends by the way so north and angle but nice try canis must macho wrestlers or male cheerleaders
There's another good one for you. Of course except Trent lot. You know, he's uh
Well, we think we're not too sure
Well, there are more categories. Here's another fact. It's got a lot of actors. We already got bus boys and waiters
What do you think? Huh cruise directors? Uh-huh any job in a South Beach club? Uh-huh personal trainers. Uh-huh personal trainers
Yeah, oh yeah
Like I'm another one
chiropractors
What it's true. I have no idea why the over. I mean, I say I don't want to you know exaggerate. I say like 98%
chiropractors
James
So I think we were doing this backwards. We're doing an aspect with could we find any profession where there are our no
Homo's huh where we just aren't in there
You think there's such a profession. No, that's right. I forgot the navy. That's right
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello, yes sir. I'm talking about graffiti in the ladies room. Yes, they definitely have it there because I have my name there says for good time called Steve
I'm getting a lot of calls
Oh
All right open line and date 5 6 7
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pop 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's a cummeridge. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? That was beautiful. Uh, how about everybody that works at the Costco and Kendall
Uh, they're all gay. Are they? Yeah, okay
Uh, what's going on with your Toronto Maple Leafs? They're going through a little problem. Yeah, it looks like they're going through like everybody else does like Carolina is right now
Everybody even the good teams they go through there are problems. Yeah, I was talking to my cousins who live up in Hyde Park in Toronto on day
They're really starting to get worried. They're starting to get nervous. Well, yeah, they starting to remind me. We got Yanic Perot back from LA yesterday
That was a good deal. I'm loaded Jason Smith got back Yanic Perot. That was a good deal
Uh, I don't I don't think that's going to be enough. Well, we'll say well
I'm not expecting they're going to win a Stanley Cup. I'd like to see him win. You know, maybe win around to the playoffs
I'd like to see him go all the way. My soul would I but I'm not holding my breath
What do you think of the Bruins? What are their chances?
You think so huh? They they got a good young team, but they're not going anywhere the Bruins there for how many years now
They've done it. You know, they they get blown out in the first round of the playoffs usually by Montreal's wanker to make it this year
They're not going anywhere. Yeah, I know also the new Jersey Devils have always been a thorn in their side
Yeah, they're not going anywhere
But I'm hoping to be going up to a new stadium up in Toronto. I'm going to go visit my cousins up there. They tell me it's it's gorgeous
It is it's I haven't been inside, but uh, Panthers playing her April 10th
And I'm sure my close personal friend remember will give me tickets to that game
Well, what I want to catch there is a Montreal Toronto game
I hear it's it's insane. It is it's it's like going to you know
Stanley Cup game right now. Hey Neil you have a good day and God bless you. I'll see you on base to be okay. All right. Okay. See you around
Okay, there's a guy with a heavy new WCAX in but he's got the Mishboh in Toronto. That's good. Maybe a little more ball
Here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir
Oh Jesus, I got to have another page here. I got so many can I go lumberjack lumberjack? How about that? Is there really such a yeah? I guess there is
And in the supermarket and you get lonely out there in the woods. Yes
Supermarket cashier and anybody that works in the dairy
Okay, I'll just can you okay? Whatever you say
Anybody that works in the dairy maybe they like milk in it. What do I know five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line well, we got 50,000
Professions here. We haven't even scratched the surface yet evidently
Oh, why what do I say like 95% of us
Here's a lady in Perrine hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. I just heard a lesbian list. Okay. How about the LPGA and the WNDA right and then how about
Petsdoor workers
What is it like the pitch Petsmark?
Have you ever noticed that
That they're Dikey? Very Dikey. Yeah, and anything with horseback riding right. Oh absolutely. Yeah, those who ride at bearback
Yeah
Okay, well work on a separate list. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Yeah, we got a Dike list at a a fabulous. Okay
And never the train she'll meet except maybe in the tea room to check out each other's graffiti
We got better glory holes. No, you can imagine a lady's room, huh? Like that
Can't you I mean that would be so much easier, you know
And they could always walk out of there say well, it felt like a finger
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. What's happening? Yes, sir
I like about you is that when you go on vacation you leave this god for saking country. Yeah, that's an admirable thing to do
But I want to ask you is I know you usually go to Amsterdam, right and Rome and
Berlin and Cologne and
Here is now when you go to usually take like a companion or do you have like casual hot gasex when you're like I don't have I don't have hot gasex anywhere
There or here or any place else is this the hot gasex guy? Yes, that has no life. I don't have I mean if you make you feel that
I have hot gasex I'm having a hot gasex with myself right now
You're scushing okay everybody everybody that works in a music and musicians most of our games musicians. Okay, excellent. Okay
musicians
God almighty the list the list all writers, huh
writers
poets
She's I feel so inspired now
We may have to expand the show here
people are listening to the sports shows on Q a m
I mean most of them that goes without saying we already know that
Remember what our goldstein said about it at the gate club you moron nine minutes past noon at five sixty WQL
I tell you what no matter what you are a gase straight in between on the sighted old people go to
Poppano Park this afternoon evening have yourself a wonderful time tonight on investigative reports
Discover the shocking secret of Bill Clinton's homosexual affair
Yes, it's true. I had sex with Bill Clinton many jundos like this one have come forward much like the jane
Those such as one e to broader
Not to mention groomer to fairs with moderate cropper Victor Wono Alan sus Richard beacon and Charles Nelson Riley
Hello, I'm Bill Curtis joining tonight for all the president men
Cuff 13 at five sixty WQ I'm speaking of men
Berliner. Oh close enough to match Ed Berliner baby. I love that and by the way these jingles are going over big today
Buffalo, Indy stuck his head in the door and said hey, how about that
So get out of here go back and sit at your desk
Here's a tamarack hello. Hey don't know. Okay. Uh, how about the men's shoe salesman at the macy's department stores
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha now it's starting to get a little more specific where you kind of like narrowing it down a fashion mall to be exact shoot
Okay, uh, no names of course
Wow
Well, you know really many come right down to what kind of guys want to smell other guys feet
Huh, I mean, I know our well, I mean don't say that. I'm sure that our good friends at Brandys and our people at the new balance
We got a lot of uh balanced people in both of those places, huh
We know we need to care who they're dillin. They're great folks
But when you come right down it would who the hell wants to have a job sitting around sniffing another guy's feet all day for a living
Unless of course you got maybe like a foot fetish
Here's a tamarack hello. Yeah, sir. I was wondering did you do not have to catch the fly high-not NBC last night
Well, yeah, the thing about the uh major for Miami and his traffic into the Nuffin or I don't know
I saw the very very ass end of that, yeah
Well, I the one thing that was just incredible. There's three things first of all if you're a policeman
You obviously don't have to obey the traffic laws because the guy said no matter what I did
I shouldn't be getting sick because I'm a police officer right that's right and then the second thing is you should have heard this guy's language
He called that policeman give me my license bitch now
Let me ask your question. I saw about the last two minutes because I was watching hockey of course
And I flip over that because I do like that show and I I would have sworn that the f-word got on the air
Well, it's possible, but how could they believe they couldn't have had anything the guy said about the f-word everything
He said was the f-word. Yeah, and his basic defense was maybe it's a cultural thing, but he says I'm from the city
That's the way we talk to everybody. Yeah, so I was wondering
So if the guy said and then you know as much as you don't like the police or whatever the guy said
Where would I be if I had been the one calling him a bitch and boy and mother after him this and that right?
And then of course the caper of all the guy says
Well, I'm just out there doing my job. I'll do anything to stop somebody. No matter how bad the law is
It's I'm do it. Mm-hmm. I said well, geez. There he goes first. He's a man
You don't have to obey the law through policeman second of all
It pulled over
You can ask any way you want if all did you know that I did well if you're a black guy
I guess you can I'd like to think what would happen if I get out of the car and say give me my license bitch
Give it a shot call us back and let's know. Okay. Give it a try
Okay, I didn't see it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one when I was busy watching hockey games last night
I was watching the Buffalo Jersey a fairly entertaining one one tie
Watching the penguins show like the hell out of the pathetic Chicago black hawks five to two
Pretty entertaining for a little while there
Watching a couple of minutes of Dallas and Phoenix to the uh the coyotes
Dallas won that game by the way in case you went to bed early. They won a three to two
I don't understand them
I don't understand they got a lot of old guys on a team and then they got Betty Hogue they brought hit her back
I don't the you know my keen and Brian Scroodland and uh geek carbonola a lot of real old old guys, you know on a team
I mean they win they keep winning but watching them isn't my idea of excitement
Oh, what do I know here's a lady in North Miami Beach hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. Um, I have two things to say to you
Yes, number one is a man job would be an OB-2 YN and a gay job that I've seen a lot of people in it would be probably a hotel industry guys
I've seen a lot of them I used to work with them
So it's pretty much it that's why I wanted to add to your list. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye. Bye
Hotel clerks
Huh
major d's
Right
This is such an expansive list we could do this for another six months and not even scrape the surface of it
How about proctologists
I mean seriously when you come right down to it what kind of a guy really sir
I'm asking to I've asked this before
It takes a very special breed and I guess we should be grateful for them
Not the ones that are quacks that are like the rubber band man the one who gave me the magnets from my shoes
That everybody that goes up there gets the rubber bands whether they need it wanted or not, you know the rubber band man
But what kind of a person wants to stick his finger
into other people's rectum and wiggle it around
Huh, I guess probably I'm talking about strangers now you do understand that I'm not talking about somebody you know
Huh
Your stick your finger in a stranger's rectum. Yes. Oh come on
No, we were always very close now up to which knuckle
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello
Mobile in Naples
Okay nice talking to you. They're paying. See how I understand that they're paying for it on their dime
They waited only 11 minutes and then they ran out of money
5670560 pound 560 on the mobile one line
Seriously, I mean I don't want you to spend the whole rest of the week thinking about it
But that's something for us to wonder and it is a very important thing you know going there and have those
examinations, you know those colorectal exams somebody's got to do it
It's a filthy job, but somebody's got to do it
In fact, I know it's I'm having my own lunch and I'm having from a truck by the way
Thank you chuck at the sub center a great salad here, which I'm doing great by the way once you're we're 77
I'm kicking ass
But you think that I mean, I'm sure that it must have happened over the years
That maybe a proctologist has occasionally put on a rubber glove inserted his digit and then
Do you know what I'm saying
Are you conjuring this up in your mind? Huh?
I mean I like I said before if there was a god
We wouldn't have to worry about these messy smelly terrible things
But unfortunately, there ain't no god. It's just nature doesn't play favorite nature is a wicked
But I've often wondered that if you know the proctologist ever like starts examining it. Oh, man
Here's a Cooper City. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I think
Honda's drivers aren't
Yeah, and Terry decorate this
Hardest drivers aren't I knew a couple who were but I don't know okay. No names and Terry decorate this probably are
That's already way up ahead on the list you okay indeed Capita's back in town. That's what I heard what's the essence you on WRLX and Palm Beach
Well, how come he's not calling us? I don't know. I just really don't need to that. Okay. Thanks for the good look him up
Yeah, I heard a couple weeks ago Capita was back in town ain't talking to us
I guess probably because we shine. I'm whenever he comes down here. We like Captain Dave. He's a good guy from a distance
Do I have any money for him? No, no, he sees all right
He kind of bounces around. He's here. He's there. You never did see that spot where he played the Brutus
Had the knife behind his back. Look look like an axe-mutter like I always called him and he went out there to a Hollywood and found a part playing an axe-mutter in some spot
Here's Kendall. Hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir great. How about all those little things that are in the
Amusement parks that dress up in the little costumes. Oh amusement park
Excellent, sir. Hey, and how about Chris Wells with all zeros except for penalty minutes. Yeah, he's he's done him at any
He's doing it. Oh, well, he's only here for forgetting though. He's a project. Yeah
He's a project. He's playing like this. So be living in the project. He's a reject. Uh-huh. How about this kid Wilson? I came from Buffalo. Mike
How is he didn't you read what they said about him? No late for practice late for meetings like the chronically late
So he's not playing now. You think you probably get benched tonight. No, right excellent. Sure
People had working amusement parks
People have dressed up like Mickey Mouse or people that just like to dress up. Maybe like Barbara Streisand, you know guys like that
Joan Crawford
Betty Davis
Maryland Monroe. I mean just see a drag queen. That's obvious
But people had worked in amusement parks, huh? We don't want to say like the Disney people because we don't want to get those the Baptist
People all stood up again, you know
By the way, there's a to show you that the goiim really run this country not as Jews
Newsweek magazine for which by the way I subscribe and I pay money and I really resent I'm gonna write them a letter
Which I never write letters to anybody. I'm gonna write them a letter bitching them out
This week's Newsweek magazine 2000 years of Jesus
On the cover with a depiction of G and by the way, I since we are talking about this
I mean Jesus look up a little bit talk about a bad drag out there. Look at that picture
Get theory of
And it goes in between his fingers there, huh? No, I don't want to look again. Okay
But there are a whole bunch of stupid pull. I mean what kind of people do they pull a bunch of retards for this pull? Uh-huh
How important is it that you non-Christian?
The how is important that non-Christian's convert to Christianity now evangelical Protestant said very important 72% of them said
It's very important to convert the world 25% of other Protestants only 17% of Catholics
How do you like that?
Here's now this is the best I want you to stop while you're as soon as you stop thinking about the proctologist and
What he's doing?
Think about this
The poll question do you believe that Jesus Christ rose from the dead after dying on the cross
Christians 88% of them said yes
32% of non-Christian said yes
According to this poll in Newsweek magazine
Is that incredible? So they're both unusual how can you be a Christian and not believe it?
Oh there you you think that most Christians believe that crap
Well then how are they Christians that they don't
Because they were born in wood they like going and they uh it's like an eternity thing
It's a it's a fraternity. It's a social club. It's like going to a panthers game
No, seriously. I mean if they said are you a panthers fan? Yes. Are you a hockey fan? No
That means they show up at the games they fraternize they socialize they smooth they little uh
Think of you beers they you know eat a little chow have a good time go home
Are they hockey fan? No, did they go to church? Yeah, they smooth they socialize they bring the uh covered plate you know for the
Church picnic and a supper and do they believe it as crap? No, so they're still Christians
But the idea that 32% of non-Christian supposedly believe that Jesus rose from the dead
I wouldn't be surprised if goyam on that magazine you know what?
Here's a lady mobile in uh pember pine. Hello. Hello. How are you great?
Okay, I have to add to your list. Okay
For horseback riders it's mostly western the women are lesbian to ride western
Yeah, the men are gay who write English the men are gay who write what?
Who write English who like do the jumpers in the show jumping? Yeah, right
They're gay
English I mean isn't that redundancy English you're a fags that's redundant
Holyo's and everything oh, well a hula. It's like I said it's like
I'm a hula. Now really? Yeah, hula. Yo's got into that. Yeah
They're starting to come out the little honesty is good for those bastards
They're getting all the Brazilians that who have the money from the drugs come over and buy horses
Yeah, well, they're all a bunch of drag queens anyway. So how do you know the difference? This is true
Okay, have a great day sweetheart. You too bye bye. Bye bye. Oh the list look at this look at the strides of this list
Look at how big it is for Christ's sakes
Drawing by the minute so the hula. Yo's right English
The hula. Yo's ride old English bear back. They're riding bear back over to westland probably right now while we're talking
They're probably so emotionally and sweated up from this conversation
And you notice there's not one person that's called in a my outsee. I left out the Air Force. That's right. There's one for the straight people
Air Force
There's no facts in the Air Force are there
Oh
What's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell we really love him?
The only thing that separates us from the men is the country gloves bathroom stalls
The red marker friend is also caddy
She's the head on the bed. She calls daddy
Must die that's five two to talk about right
My favorite holder doesn't have any numbers agree or a fairway
No, because I'm a staffer lapper. I play golf and I'm gay
Time to call you
I'm gay let's play L-U-G-A-C-L-E golf to me
And ride this grace kicks it on my face and ladies golf to me
With all the people back in the church
Okay 1231 at 560 wq ever so anybody going to back to this news we think for just a second
This is really fascinating because it's got what they claim to be a kind of a mangled history of Christianity through the ages in here
And they have the chronology this 33 AD Jesus is crucified a 33 year 33. What will that be?
AD
Yeah, oh, that's right. See I always we don't think of ad domino. We always think of like after death
Huh, that's not correct. Is it no it is not I know Dominique
Dominique wasn't he that they didn't even three Oscars yet. I remember it though Dominique
33 AD Jesus has crucified on the orders of Pontius Pilate
60 to 125 now I always heard it was like no around the year 90 okay, but nevertheless
This is at least 27 years and up to almost a hundred years after he died
The four gospels attributed to Mark Luke Matthew and John are written and circulated. Okay
This is with no printing press no radio no TV no wireless no
anything
Huh
And here we are two thousand years later
I read my case. Oh, but there were witnesses you
Yeah, I got a witness
Here is a highly a hello real God yes, sir
Tomorrow for your deoccupation list. Yes. I don't know if anyone's mentioned male nurse
Male nurse excellent and physical therapist
Okay, all right. I'm closing. Can you play a tennis restaurant? Okay. Thanks. Yeah, I have to get your meat
Physical therapist male nurse. I'm here as a list of just zillions and zid
No, one of these no unemployed bags out there, you know, that's why we're always all working
You go to the unemployment line. You see any gay people there. No, all straight
Desperate broken down looking straight past it's in America because all us bags have taken up all the jobs
Here's a crawlgabels hello
Coral gables
Going once
Going twice. Okay, well, we know there's no fags in the gables. Well, maybe one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a Hollywood hello
Good work on it tomorrow. Okay, have another one
Buh
Was that pathetic or what was that pathetic? Yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Got the starting to thin out a little bit actually some serious accident
We finally hit on the topic these people can relate to
Something that they understand because they know when they can smell one. Okay. We didn't get any comment
Except for Steve of course who hangs out there in the ladies tea rooms. I still am Steve. He's getting some action
Maybe he likes to dress up
Call from Washington DC
Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, you missed a very obvious one Neil. What is that? Uh Congressman Congressman, right? Yeah
Um, calling from the glory whole capital of the world, right
By the way, do you hear him say hi to George Stefan top of us
Well, you know, I'm a straight guy, but I've had a couple strange experiences up here. I won't share with you
But really yeah, I believe that include Congressman on your list not Barney Fag. No. Oh, no. He's too obvious. Yeah
That's got that's why he got those puckered up lips you know
Yeah, okay. Okay. Thanks for good news say hi Pete Williams to their on NBC or whatever. He's working on another one
So anyway five six seven oh five sixty pounds five sixty on the mobile one line did I say anyway? Did I say that?
Did I say anyhow? I didn't say that tonight
I don't want to start seeing other people's lines
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Neil. It's a ground floor. I mean
I haven't seen a response like this since you were doing the Julio anal sex topic like couple months back
Well, I think I think there's some relationship there you see a little bit of a crossover here maybe latent
Right, so I'm gonna listen
Anybody who has ever ever worked at birdind any store
Anywhere and I'm telling you this because I mean I used to work there. I'm the exception to the rule
Maybe maybe not yeah, but um, you're kind of like I'm decided you got one to win and one to out
Yeah, I've got one finger in the rear one finger to my mouth. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. My girlfriend's
Same one. Yes. Yeah, they have something they're called the visual merchandising team
Which is basically a bunch of fairies who like they dress up the mannequins
Oh, yeah, the guys that dress the mannequins. Yeah
That's a visual that's a visual merchandising expert and birdinds all they do is turn out, you know
Gave visual merchandising as matter of fact my friend was not was a plan for a job there and I don't think he's gonna get it
Because he's straight. Oh forget it
And so you used to work there? Yeah mind you yeah
I've been here to fix them real select times to use those tea rooms at birdinds
Yeah, you know, I call be ones a long long time ago because I had a tea room into there and I was you know taking up
In the bathroom at birdind
Yeah, and I'm the guy who I was sitting there all of a sudden
I see a pair of penny loafers under the under the stall. Yeah, just staring there pointing at me
Tell them next time stick quarters in it you'll think about it. Maybe okay
Yeah
Oh, I thought he was gonna say he saw somebody stick his penis under the stall
That poor market or boy I wish Tim russet would straighten her ass out or some part of her
She's the the limbo rock and it turns out by the way the Jeff trail the
Cartoon the Mickey Mouse tattoo was not as ankle it was on his hip
So the reason that the other guy recognized him looking through the glory holes
He recognized seeing it on his hip not as ankle okay sweetheart guys are down there on the ground doing the limbo rock
sticking their to under the stall thing there okay
Somebody draw her a diaphragm before it's too late
Well, I didn't know straight bitch
How can I help you? Yeah, I couldn't fall out but did he saw this off her chair?
Yeah, huh. Yeah, uh-huh. We saw a name
Patrick Patrick? Yeah
Uh, so I suppose it's all because someone named Boo
Oh
Okay, hold on a second, okay? Yeah
Oh
Hello
Yeah, who's speaking? Huh? Yeah, hello? Who's speaking?
Hello? Hello? Can you hear me? Yeah? Uh, you got rest off a sale? Huh?
Uh, how much you want for the stock? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss
I come over maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Uh does a job price include uh all the walks?
Huh? Huh?
Chinese? Yeah Chinese
So let's go? Go?
Huh? Go? Go? Go?
Okay, I'm about to go to the engine I come over and pick it up and look at the boss on
Okay, okay? What's your heart?
Uh, you know, you know, you need to go to the right?
I'm going to the car
I'm going to the
I'm going to the
Uh, so you want to go to the five-star minute?
Go to the car
Huh?
The car is going to the
Okay, I'll be right there
Okay, I'll go to the
I'll go to the boss and pick it up
I'll go to the car
Huh?
Bye bye
All right
It's uh seven, there's more truth to that in fiction. Ever hear them speak them?
Uh, those are wonderful Chinese people. I do love the Asian and the folks, but uh, they can't speak
Here are some more homos that says on this list from one of our listeners make-up artists
Do we already have that?
Uh, Navy submarine personnel
Are you kidding me?
I'm doing it underwater. How about just the Navy?
There's no fact in it. Navy
Core singers and then of course Cubans
I mean that's obvious
Let's see a broadcasting people at channel seven the cruise play call it the cruiseplex
Not the newsplex. It's the cruiseplex over channel seven
bank tellers
Mail telephone operators
Most people in the travel industry with exception of our good friend Bob Lincoln
And then it goes down here about radio program directors, but I won't read that
We'll say where it's from
Okay, it's a 1245 at 560 wqa m. Don't be picking on uh and the s and woods like that
Here's a mobile in west Palm D. Chilla
Mobile in west Palm
And then can you hear me?
Yes, sir. I hear you
Okay, uh, I've only been a couple of half hours so I don't know if they had the obvious or not
Talk show host
Oh, yeah
Yeah, okay
Now I want to ask you a question. I can remember seeing the hockey games when there were the original
16
Yeah
Uh, you were back then used to want to get infected, right?
Yeah
What was you saying as far as televised uh, back then and now?
What is it?
Talent wise
The game itself
You think the games were better back then?
Yeah, yes, they were better than and have a great day and get a new phone. You're right. We can't hear you
5605 60 but you know something that was then and this is now remember that movie with the what's his name's kid martin
Sheen's kid what's his name in me. O. S. DeVas
And the one with the Craig Shefford
What
That was a pretty interesting movie uh, that was then and this is now that had its moments
You know, I mean they didn't look too bad
And the media was still he always looked neurotic you know like he was always a little bit off like he was ready to go
Blow off a post office or a banker something. He always looks a little uh right on the edge
Like he's not too happy like like maybe he just was walking down a hall behind fat boy
Got that kind of sour look on his face
Yeah, we understand that fat boy is terrorizing men and women around the building wherever he pleases
In fact, you know something I think it starts out with a farting and then he did next time he'll go in a tea room
There'll be somebody in both stalls. You know this walk out in the hall, you know
Because you know when you're that big can you imagine the pressure
Can you imagine the enormous amount of pressure that must be building within that creature? Oh god
Here's a mobile in pompano hello
Neil see at least I've streetman got the staples in which released some air in various parts. Yes sir
How are you okay?
Couple more for your list. Somebody stole my bank teller thing did you do cheerleaders?
Yeah, we mail cheerleaders except for Trent lot and we're checking him out. Okay, uh choir director is dance choreographer. Oh
Jesus
Oh, Catholic priest right
That's it also I
Good to hear that cheering out better mood today. I was worried that you were gonna be moving up to the New York getting that dairy farm and open in the liquor store
Yeah, that's what I'm doing. Well have a nice one. Okay, and have a great life. Obviously in Batavia
Open line indeed five six seven oh five sixteen boy. This is like bio rhythms today
All of a sudden see we finally it's taken us 14 months on his station to figure out our audience over here
Fill out of the same people but a lot of different new some of the sports nerd spilled over the sports nerds
All they care about is anal sex and who are the fags? That's what they want to know
I think we're just gonna do sex topics every day on this show that with all the other crap in fact
You know Greg read you think across your hell of a lot less and get ten times the ratings
We'd be making millions here. We'd be rolling in money instead of sports talk. How about sex talk?
Huh nobody cares about that boring sports crap a very young Florida Gator team the Florida Gator. Yeah, who cares
Man, I love these singles by the way god
Something that actually besides me sounds vibrant and alive on this station
But anyway
Here's a candle hello
Candle yes deal. Yes, sir great topics today. Yes, it is just to maybe add one to the list and make a couple of
Observation yes, sir
Wrestling coaches wrestling coaches coaches. What's the only corrector?
When I was a senior in high school in upstate New York
I thought I'd go out for the wrestling team. Yeah, so I went to one practice and wrestling the practice rooms are smaller
It's not like a great big gym or anything. It's got math a little more confined area right exactly
So all the sweat you know and all that kind of right but at the end of the practice and I since I was new to the whole thing
You know it's learning you know the positions and the holes and this and that and the other thing at the end of the practice
The coach came out with a little
A practice golf ball a whistle golf ball
You know little plastic thing with holes in it. Yeah, and divided up all the wrestling came in the two parts a whistle ball
A whistle ball right exactly
So one the half the half of the wrestling team got on one end of the wall and the other half went to the other end of the room
The ball was given to one half of the team and they got into a huddle and then they had to hide it someplace
Oh, they didn't hide it in their back room. They only placed the hide it is in your jog strap
Yeah, so now the object is for the person with the golf ball to make it to the opposite end of the room with the golf ball
The object of the other team is the group and everything to try to find the golf ball. Yeah, so you can imagine they're looking in there to grab a ball
To grab a ball or two or three. Yeah, no exactly. No, what if they come what if they come out with a a fistful of balls?
Exactly, you know like a fistful of yeah, well
Exactly the other thing is the company ask you something that's interesting you mentioned jog strap
Do wrestlers were just a regular jog strap or they were a couple like hockey player?
No, no cup like a baseball or hockey
Right, you know the support strap kind of just just a regular jog strap. That's it. Oh my god now I'm more convinced than ever
Exactly right exactly right. Are you kidding me?
Just a flimsy little G string that's right. You don't flip the back
Oh, you know exactly yeah exactly a tisca to test good. I think I'm feeling you're a basket
protruding balls right exactly the other thing is a couple a few callers ago
You had somebody call up about that major from Miami that you stopped up there. It's orange. I think he kind of missed the point
The officer was in dig was mad because he knew what was going on. He knew that he was being profiled as
You know for it improper stop if a guy's driving at night and he fits a certain profile
The cops make up anything that they want to pull him over and search the car. Yeah, and he was trying to let him know that
He was he was on to their game. Look. I didn't do anything wrong. What are you doing with me? I'm a police dog
We know that up in your land area. They would never pick on no dark folks
You know that
Especially unless they could okay great. Thank you. So that was great
Here are somebody faxes me. You don't want to miss this tomorrow night the
Figure skating championships on ABC
Clock tomorrow night
For those of you who like fag events now the amazing part of this is that there are actually our heterosexual people that watch
Figure skating is there anybody out there in anybody in the world who can tell me
Huh, what why would you watch that have you ever watched that
Sometimes why like that? I'm like go what because I skate
Yeah, so I want to see how you know like could I do that there's a good story
So in other words what you're saying is that if straight people want to find out how something artistic is really done
They have to watch fags doing is that what you're saying there you go. Thank you
I risk my case
You know whether it's music whether it's the arts whether it's skating whether it's playing hockey oops
Let that slip out whether it's directing programming and a radio oops whatever it might be
Whether it's a writing great the novels or non-fiction whether it's a great poetry
Huh it just goes on whether it's saving our country from these foreign invaders whether it's being out there in the Navy like Jeff Trail
Oh, I'm sorry
How's he doing?
Nothing no more
Yeah, it's just amazing. Thank God for me opening up the eyes and ears and the rears of America to like what it's really all about
Okay, our topic tomorrow be a graffiti in ladies rooms. So all you guys out there better start running around town writing some
Here's a mobile and pepper pine well. I'll think other women did it. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Tell him
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, yeah, we forgot about plumbers
plumbers
Yeah, they got all sorts of different sized pipes sort of pipes you walk around the cracker ass. I'll be hanging out
on everybody else do that. Okay. Well, thanks
Okay, maybe he's talking about J L plumber five six seven. I mean he's a straight guy, but nevertheless his uh
rectum is always showing five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yes, Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, how about people that work in Victoria's Secret and couriers?
Why did I know there was a name coming up with that one, huh? No names, please
Give him the George off the air
Oh, God
Maybe he's talking about that career that used to drive up there in Michigan five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
We got the Hank Goldberg show from Shulis. They do it to a clock
By the way, and Hank Goldberg showed it. They're going to be listing all of the gay hockey players in the NHL
So hell of a long list in fact, I think Denise Potpan is the one that provided Hank with a list
Long long list wow
Amazing you'll be shocked when you hear some of the names
And for a manly sport like that you'd be amazed
Here's uh, Miami Lake, Sella
Neil yes, sir. How you doing sir great good
I just want to listen to Shulis a little while. I'm not sure if you have any of these number one male models
No, you know something nobody mentioned that definitely 99% except for our friend JT in Orlando. We're not sure about you
And I'm a former male model, so I'm on the other session. Okay number two race cars
Rape race cars drivers who win a lot right not to mention a name
Next NFL safeties and wide receivers. Yes, which I could mention at least one name. Okay. Thank you, sir, but I won't
Yeah, well, why do you think they call them wide receiver? Huh?
Not to mention a couple of quarterbacks to
Jesus look at this I got 450 pages already filled up here. I got enough to write to print a book
Better than that market or book. I'll guarantee you that and certainly more factual
These folks didn't let us down today man the list is on never ending
It is just endless out there it goes on and on and on and of course truck drivers
I'm not going to say that they're what you call your ordinary standard gay. They're just lonely
You know when to get out there those truck stops
There are some heavy heavy duty stuff that goes down at the truck stops. So I hear and read
I've never spent any time at a truck stop, but I hear some real interesting stories about what goes on there
You know, I got another one for the dykes out of this big enough. How about lady truck drivers
Huh, we may be only one exception that we can think of since we did know one lady truck driver although
I
We're not really sure yeah, oh two of them did she also driver truck
The battling brook also was a lady truck driver. I thought you were that's not I always talking about
Randy I thought you were talking about bro. She was a truck driver. No, I don't know. Oh, I was talking about Randy
Well, it's a difference
I don't think this aren't they the same person?
Same act I'll tell you that same ratings
hahaha
Lady truck drivers, but why do you think they call those trucks diesel trucks?
And why do you think they call them diesel dykes?
Wonder if an bishop ever drove a truck, huh? I used to make jokes all that. That's why she hated me like poison
It was to always make those comments about and you know driving her diesel rig down the Hershey highway
How much is sandy was porked off about that
1256 at 560 wq.a.m
Let me tell you mama. Oh, in fact, I mentioned Jeff Cohen's got a ear glued to this because if there's anything that has to do with the
sex with perversion with no matter what kind of it is he wants to hear about it. He wants to sniff and he wants to know it
So why don't you tell our
Father in law
Would you get off my bus if your daughter so perfect watching Mary such a putt
Father in law
You think you better than me
But I don't eat in cafeteria and I have cable TV
Oh
You
.....
all
i
Father in law, fill the eye of the creep,
When I ain't clippin' coupons every day of the week,
I don't let them like you, don't go to the dog track,
And I don't drink out coffee, when I eat a big bag.
You're a donut in my west, I will not destroy her.
You're just gonna have to get over it,
You need to bury us all like you're...
Oh, right.
Oh, the best.
102 at 560 WQ, my group are our big ones at 2 hour.
We're outing the entire world here today,
And quite frankly, I think we got a real good head start,
If I can use that expression.
What a bunch of crap.
So anyway, it's kind of like I have something really...
You're right on the tip of my tongue, something incredibly important to pass you out.
Oh yeah, that's right, Marines.
Only a few Marines are, you know.
And you can always tell by the ones that say,
Semper 5, huh?
If they say, Semper 5, that's usually a pretty good tip off.
It's just that drill team.
Yeah, they're drilling it.
You know, I love those old military guys,
especially the Navy guys that always,
Oh no, you make these things up,
You're just like the guy that was telling me the other day about wrestling
about how I'm fantasizing because I'm a faggot farmer.
I got news for you, let me say it again.
Both newspapers today on the Back Page of the Sports section,
the all-broward county wrestling team.
Okay, these are all high school kids, 17, 18 years old.
Okay, and if any of them looked really good,
I would admit to you, hey, they look pretty good.
You know, I would mind mounting them.
Even though that would be in the...
And I wouldn't use no names, for obvious reasons.
But I wouldn't touch any of them.
I've never seen a wrestler, a high school, a college,
a professional wrestler that tiddly-ded me if I can say that even slightly.
So it's not the fact that I'm fantasizing or I'm conjuring these things.
I mean, it's obvious you have to be totally just blocked it out in your head not to see it.
You know?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This is a Julio.
You know, I'm a biker.
Bikers?
And the surveyors.
Yeah.
We got one John Harris, he's one of those.
You got one?
Yeah, like the movie, like the movie I put you with,
I'll put you in a cruising.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's a bunch of homeless there.
Okay.
Yeah.
That was your favorite cruising, a real homophobic movie if there ever wasn't.
But that's the kind of image a lot of you guys like to think it's all about.
And yeah, we don't care.
Here's a, here's a pay phone in Miami.
Hello.
Pay phone in Miami.
Hello.
Pay phone in Miami.
Somebody spent money to make this call and they're gone.
Oh my God.
Probably is they ran out of quarters.
And it wasn't no pay phone either.
560, 560, 560, 560, 180, D wireless line.
That's a bitch ain't it when those guys run out of quarters?
Oh no.
Not now.
Here's coconut cream.
Killa.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
All right, I got a couple for you.
How about hairdressers?
Yeah.
Waiters.
Waiters we got.
You got a weatherman.
TV weatherman.
Excellent.
I mean, other than Bob Weaver and Bob Soaper, I had done.
No.
Other than them.
Why North Cross.
Right.
Okay.
I went down to Nick.
Other than Brian North Cross and that's the Kamal guy.
I don't feel.
I don't feel.
Stormfields.
Yeah.
Peppy feels.
I went down to Nick's in Miami.
Yes.
I've worked with a Mentos.
I don't know what was going to take me to choke one of them down.
It all depends on where you're sticking it, I guess.
Brackdom.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60.
Well, we know where his heart is at.
Heart, I said.
I said I said.
You are the line.
We are beginning between Archie Ireland, $ do not compare to
wesfields, born as the ball, toriad.
Some of them are witnesses that are against us.
iction as opposed to volcanoes.
They are not near that.
, some of them so far.
On my shoulder.
When I was teaching I realized that this haciendo was
When I was about to be honest with him, I never knew there was
I slowed off the toilet seat. What was the name of that joint? Up there on
441. Don't you remember that story that I told you? I can't know the tango restaurant.
I was there with Bill Calderon his wife and I was doing the Green Apple Quick Step because there
was somebody in there and I finally just barely got in there and I sat down on the seat and it
slid right off the seat, slid right on the floor with me on it. And through some miracle of the
Lord, I was there, you know, I didn't have the usual reflex like the minute you sit down,
you know, you had that release because you're mind is saying it. In fact, sometimes as you
getting closer to it, you're mind is saying it and you said, no, no, not yet.
No, this wasn't some other restaurant and I just, sorry, I mean, that was it. There was no more
waiting and the men's room was a small place and the men's room was a cappado. There was somebody
sitting on it and so what could I do? I went in the ladies room. I took a chance and there was
nobody in there and I hit in the ladies room. Huh? There you go. Be headlines in the hero tomorrow.
Near Rogers out of the closet dumps in ladies room. Well, you don't count. And there was no
graffiti in there, by the way. I did take notice at that time, but that's that's all my experience.
I'm sure I haven't checked them all out yet. Here's a wrong line. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey,
how you doing? Great. You left out coaches. Lot of coaches or something's wrong with them. Swimming
coaches, wrestling coaches. All coaches. Yeah, all coaches. Bag boys. Bag boys. Not all. Not all. Lots.
And bankrollers. We got that one. That's given. That's guaranteed. Okay, you demand. Okay,
I demand. I demand. I demand. When he I'm alive and he's not and he's making millions and I'm not
the I'm man. I still don't get it. He's talking to Fred down on there on the ranch. How's Fred in
a ranch? Yeah. Here's Evan. Sure. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't know if it was said or not, but
all real estate agents. Not all. Most of them besides Joan and Rob. Most of them.
Chris and Becky, right? You see the ones that come over here real estate it. Now this is an
off-line open to me. I never heard that before. Oh, man. I get scared when they drive up over here.
And off the for the guy who said all Honda drivers come to jump into his John Deere tractor and I
race them any day. Okay. All right. So yeah. He said, come to jump into his John. Come on, Deere.
I'm telling you, is another one of those team room cruises from Westland. You could recognize the
voice. Eight minutes after one at five, six, eight, we introduced this town to glory halls to the
real graffiti and ladies rooms to all these bag professions. It's about time we started having
some honest talk on a radio instead of this crap about a very young Florida Gator team. Oh,
God. And by the way, I think I'm going to stop at the shock box today. See if I can't find me
the Michigan State Fight Song. Getting ready for getting beat by Duke this weekend.
You know, probably get our ask it. But who cares? I'll go a little glory. Hold for MSU.
Well, I'd sure like to go back and see now that I know what I know now. Now it's time to go back to
college. Oh, yeah. Huh? Now that I know that I've lived all of these long years and accumulated
this massive learning and all this perversion, now is the time to go back and check things out at MSU.
I can just imagine. I can know if I can't even begin to imagine the kind of crap that's going on
over there. But I'd sure like to try.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's it.
115 is 5-2-2-2.
Just like my mother is that her repeat old stories over it over again. Forget about Steve Nichol.
Okay, he's small potatoes. He was straight though.
So anyway, hey, I was just reminiscing, by the way, speaking of wrestling and the fact that virtually
everybody anonymously and unanimously agrees today that the wrestling is a fact pursuit.
And then maybe if you straight people in it because they're confused and haven't caught on yet,
that they're being mounted.
But when I was in Bellow's Night or Summer camp at fourth late New York in the Adirondex
and upstate New York when I was 16 years old many years ago, there was a kid named Gary Schwartz.
This just came back. Isn't it funny how your memory comes flushing back and rushing back?
And you can get like a little stiff in the loin thinking about it.
There was a real, real good looking kid named Gary Schwartz.
We were both like 16 years old at the time.
And he and I, for some reason, not that we didn't like each other,
but you can develop these kind of rivalries and camp, you know, friendships,
rivalries. And we always want to wrestling on the floor together.
Huh? What did I like that?
And did I grab his parts?
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's a good way to do it.
Especially when a guy's got no job step just, you know, in your clothing.
That's always a good way to kind of like weaken him for the kill, you know, to get him down
on the ground just in the right position.
Gary Schwartz, how you doing, Gary?
Sure hope he got off his knees.
Here's the Opalaka. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir. How are you?
Great.
Great. I got three at your list.
You don't know.
Oh my god.
Number one, male social workers.
Male social workers?
Yes.
Yeah.
I know one of those.
No.
Yeah.
Number two.
Yeah. City mayors.
City mayors?
Uh-huh.
And number three, end of the council.
Okay. Love you.
Thank you.
Okay, we have an open line on the out of town line.
Wherever that is.
56705, 60, 05, 560 on the AT.
This is an endless list.
It goes on and on and on.
Is there an end in sight?
No.
Just goes on forever.
Here's Naples. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have two for you.
Okay.
And I felt quarterbacks in centers.
Isn't that obvious?
Yeah.
And the other things, the response to your graffiti thing?
Yes.
Like yourself.
I've been in there a couple of times because I couldn't wait.
Right.
And not only is there no graffiti,
but there are about a hundred times cleaner
than the men's rooms.
Yeah. Is that something?
I love it.
Okay.
Bye.
Yeah. See men are slabs.
We admit it. We're slabs.
We go in here and we make a mess and throw stuff on the floor.
And you know, that's the manly thing to do.
Even us bags, we tend to be slabs.
But women, of course, even women who are slabs,
they, in certain areas like when you go to the,
they don't call it the ladies room.
It's the powder room, you know.
And they go in there and they'll like kind of socialize.
In fact, if you've ever been in a ladies room
that is a real powder room,
you notice it is a powder room.
There's an area where they,
they can do all kinds of stuff in there.
You know, powder their face, put on a makeup,
and et cetera.
They have a lounge.
Yeah, we're exactly.
It's not just the place to do a,
it's one of those disgusting things
that nature requires.
It's a place to go in there and smooth
and socialize and freshen up and, uh,
whatever you're here, exactly.
Compare sizes.
Like what's your name was doing the San
Santino's wife and the Godfather there at the wedding, remember that?
And by the way, it wasn't, uh, what's your name?
It wasn't the, who did the guy say it was the other day?
Playing the Santino's wife in there.
It wasn't Rita Moreno.
Sorry.
You lose.
How do I achieve time for that name?
Where she was always doing $10,000 pyramid with Dick Clark.
And Bill Cullen with the wooden leg.
But you don't like Rita Moreno?
You know, she was great in fame.
Remember that scene in fame?
Wicked.
She says, what do you call that?
Wicked.
Hey, Lee Roy.
Who wants to go to an F&D school anyway, Lee Roy?
Here's a must-great movie.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what about office managers and receptionists?
And also, I have nothing that,
what are the homeless special cars?
What kinds of cars drive like the little pickouts and the meadas
and the things like that?
I didn't know there was such a thing.
I just keep looking for the rainbow flag.
Right.
Is there such a thing?
Yes.
Meada?
Well, Alex, Benet drove a meada.
Well, it's a good point.
Yeah, he was from Frisco, yeah.
I have one comment.
I'm a heterosexual and I think almost
sexual are good people and most of them make good neighbors.
As long as they don't try to make a pass with me or whatever,
well, okay, because I truly believe that they're born that way
and they can't control it.
Yes, we are.
Okay.
Okay.
So yeah, plus you're not my type.
I mean, it's obvious.
I mean, anybody that would argue that anymore that's, you know,
not genetic is probably a kind of Jerry Fowell.
I'll probably do a Jerry Fowell or pictures of him
or maybe just jerking off the pictures of Jerry Fowell.
Well, we have an open line 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, who sent me that the Pornow video that I got in the mail yesterday?
It says on the, uh, did you, uh, you, I opened it in here?
On the tape itself, it says, um,
adventures in Italy.
And it made me some adventures in Italy, but, uh,
quite frankly, I never had no adventures in Italy like that.
Not yet.
Anyway, wow.
Man, squirt, squirt, put that Peter North in his place.
Here's, uh, Kendall.
Hello.
You know, I got one for you.
Yes, sir.
Well, I was in high school.
I was, I wrestled.
And definitely the mat boy's got to be one.
The mat boy?
Yeah, but his job was to clean the mat after we all got done wrestling.
I can't do not.
Yeah.
Now, did he do that with like a towel or his tongue?
He did it with a towel in a tongue.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah, hey, can I get a long time old time request?
Maybe.
Want some baguette?
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Yo, he was talking about the mat boy.
I think I thought he was going to talk about the, uh,
my boy that goes into those peat with places, you know?
I just like to have that kind of a job.
Okay, let's lock it too far.
Field, okay?
We'll see that we can kill four hours of that tomorrow.
Or I hate two hours and 50 minutes tomorrow.
Just before we're finally making a comeback here, we got,
you know what I'm saying?
We had those two days that threw us off completely.
Last Thursday and Friday with that Marlon baseball crept.
We finally took a three days today.
We're making a comeback.
Everybody's doing great.
We got a list longer than my armpit.
And tomorrow we got Marlon's in the Cardinals at 1250 again.
Oh man.
Boy, talk about just taking all the steam out of your sales.
Here's a cutleridge.
Hello?
Cutleridge.
Going once.
Okay, long gone.
I probably hit the T-room.
Here's a Voka.
Hello?
I know.
Yes, sir.
Before the news break, you were talking about the news break.
I want to talk about a couple of minutes.
Commercial break, yeah.
We don't have any news.
We just have spots.
Lots and lots of spots.
We were talking about the flammers.
The flammers, when you look at the sink, the holes in the sink,
that the faucet comes through, the core cock holes.
Yeah.
And if you want to blank one of them out,
you want to the shop and yes, for a cock hole cover.
Just thought to pay for that.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we believe you.
Do we believe him?
Yes!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
By the way, the...
This briefing which appears to about the about to wrap up.
Oh, thank God.
This guy's been briefing us for hours now.
That's a...
James Ruben from the State Department.
From the State Department.
We're calling by the highest court in Britain
upholding charges.
And I'm going to read here now from you.
So, if I could...
Why don't I talk about the bottom of the question?
You want me to go.
Britain's highest court today upheld
former Chilean general Agusto Pinot Shae's arrest on charges of...
Oh, good.
In the United Violations.
However, it's one of the same time
throughout many of the charges.
27 of the 30 charges in a Spanish warrant.
Again, that former Chilean dictator.
From the time being, for the time being,
it means that Mr. Pinot Shae will remain in Britain.
Let's go to the Pentagon now.
Something that's good enough punishment right there, don't you think?
Huh?
Uh-huh.
Murdering bastard.
Having to stay in Britain with all those constipated maniacs.
By the way, we left out British guys.
That should have been right there at the top of the list.
I mean, you know, other than Tony Blair.
And Prince William.
What do you think about Prince William with those red cheeks?
Here's, uh, Medley. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple more for you, Neil.
God, I'm going to get a new page, yes.
We got, uh, tow truck drivers.
Tow truck drivers.
Oh, man, they're right up there near the top, buddy.
They're towing it?
You ever have your car towed?
Yes.
I have a tow a little more off and, uh, check into that.
Okay.
And, uh, also, uh, guys that work in animal hospitals.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Take your dogs to the pet.
What do you think about that?
No question about it.
Hey, Lion, buddy.
Have a good one.
Okay.
Now, that's true.
I don't know what it is about that fact.
Remember, uh, a few years ago,
I think it was like three or four years ago.
We had a sponsor that was like a veterinary school.
Remember that?
And they were advertising on a show.
See, this is a misconception.
A lot of people think that because I'm out of the closet
last 200 years, that the majority of the people
in this audience are gay, which is not true.
Um, but they believe that.
Or they think that we've got this gigantic gay audience,
which I also don't believe.
I don't think we really do.
But nevertheless, uh, they advertised on the show
because they said to me at the time,
because I went and met with these people.
They said that a lot of gay people get into that animal grooming,
veterinary, for whatever reason.
I don't know what that is.
But there's some attraction that's there.
You know, in fact, when you really stop and think about what,
you can understand the attraction when you're artistic,
like, you know, interior decorators,
fashion designers, that makes sense for the stereotypical artsy,
artsy queens.
You know, we understand that.
But there are a lot of these other professions
where there's no rhyme or reason, is there?
You know, like the, uh, prologist, for example.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I got a couple for your list here.
Although the guy stole my thunder on weather, man.
Uh, how about movie critics?
Yeah, well, now that I said before since Gene Sisko died,
there isn't one straight guy left.
And, uh, including, how about hockey coaching for the Alphia?
Okay.
Hahaha.
Ow.
Ow.
Oh, boy, it's funny.
You know, he was suspended those two games for throwing his stick,
even it and the stick, too.
And they won the two games.
They had won a game in 12 games.
Roger gets stuck upstairs.
Of course, we weren't talking about Roger.
Were we?
No.
Roger gets his stuck up there.
And he went two games in a row.
Including over my lease.
Oh, boy, it must have just been a coincidence.
That was just rumors you heard in any way.
And by the way, you didn't read that article by David J.
Neil Rogers getting married.
Didn't you read that?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, he's getting married.
Hahaha.
Or he got married or something like that.
That was just nasty rumors.
We'll check with rumor.
I'm in fact, I'm going to ask rumor about that this weekend
when he abys his dinner.
Anybody on the team believe in rumors buying his dinner?
No.
In fact, I hear Scott Melonbees got a bet with the entire panther organization.
A heavy duty cash, too.
By the way, that when the check comes,
rumor will say, oh, Jay, left that damn wall at home again.
Or when he opens up the wall to get those credit cards,
the moths will get in the way.
That's what that was then.
Mom, I'm busy reading a very important facts here.
A fake facts from somebody allegedly known as Dave
from Sterling appraisal.
Dear Mr. Rogers, I'm writing to complain.
Writing to complain.
That's T-O-O-O.
T-O-O.
Complain about your vulgar V-U-L-G-E-R.
Language on the ear.
Not only is it not only is disgusting with two S's,
D-I-S-S-D-U-S-D-I-N-G, but not appropriate as well.
I am, period, as of this day, filing F-I-L-E-I-N-G,
a report with the FCC in proper 30s.
Remember Mr. Rogers, you reach a large audience
and majority of these people are little children.
A majority of these people are little children.
I thought they were all in school right now.
Are they in school?
No.
So please keep the assholes to a minimum.
And all regarding your poll question,
you left out radio personality spelled with a T-Y-S.
Another fake facts with one of our chronic
affects his hand writing in the bottle.
Pretty weak.
Well, I mean, maybe he's talking about many of the people
have the IQ of little children,
including all these illiterate people
that would like the concerned citizens
that we heard from yesterday.
Let's see, post office workers.
Yeah, post office workers, nobody call that
and they absolutely correct.
I can name some names there.
Touled class of workers with the exception of
our good friend, Sylvia.
Chefs, weight trainers.
And then under the dike list,
they've got the PE coaches,
women cops and FedEx drivers.
Also, which is, I'm not,
I drive a Honda, I'm not a Faggot,
I'm a breeder.
Yeah, that's what we're worried about.
Let's see, here's another one for our list.
Copy your tickets.
It says all copy your technicians,
every single one of them.
Each and every one.
Okay, well, we're learning a lot here today.
I'll tell you that even I'm learning.
Here's a lady in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Okay, Ken, Ken Block wants to get in.
Ken Block, he was on with our Monday.
You know, I was thinking about him coming to work this morning.
About the fact that let's see,
three and a half years we're going to be out of here.
I'll be almost 60 years old.
So he's going to be, you have to be like,
I don't know, 40 in the early 40s.
What's he going to do at that point?
What's he going to do when I take off for unknown places at that?
Well, what's he going to do?
Well, because that'll be like almost 30 years of his life
that he's been doing this.
Wow.
You own me's and believe me, I don't want nothing from you,
but you own me like something.
Like about $10 million would be nice.
Does he have a job, you think?
No.
Does he have a wife?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neo.
Yes.
One more for the list.
Bodybuilder.
Got it.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Got that.
Bodybuilder.
See.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neo, I got one for the list.
Okay.
How about people that work on cruise ship?
Cruise ship people, huh?
Yeah, definitely.
No, maybe they learned a lot about cruising.
Yeah, nuts.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you, sir.
The list, it keeps growing and growing and growing
and growing.
Unbelievable.
Never seen my wildest dreams.
I never envisioned anything like this.
Where's that thing that Oya Jennifer said?
It just keeps getting bigger.
Right.
Here's a lady in Phoenix.
Hello.
Hi, you know, I'm going from Phoenix and I
kind of like a new listener, but I'd like to
yell at you and ask a favorite to think time.
Okay.
First off, I want you to play two sound lights for me.
Two.
Do you want to?
And?
Do you want to what?
What?
If you, if you, you know,
seeing in.
Or if you see K.
Yeah.
Yes.
And then the Helen Keller song.
Okay.
And then the thing I want to yell at you.
Now you're going to, you asked me for two and I said,
okay, now you're going to yell at me.
Well, I probably not a good technique,
but go ahead and give it a shot.
Well, okay.
So you know what your other sound bite,
where you yell at this, where this one person is yelling.
Look at that behind.
You know, it's like you're kind of taking,
you know, a stab at some people that are not as
thin as other people.
At fat people?
Yeah.
What's wrong with that?
I'm a fat person.
What's wrong with making fun of fat people?
Well, if you were blind, would you say,
would you make fun of blind people?
If you were...
No, I'm not blind,
but I still make fun of blind people.
So what's wrong with that?
Well, you're going to have a sense of humor to survive.
I have a sense of humor in almost everything.
Right.
Except certain things.
Except you have fat.
Are you a fat cow?
How dare you?
Well, I don't, I've never seen you.
I just asked and already heard your name.
Well, now, it's like it's okay.
The fact that you're in sense, you must be a fat cow.
The fact that you reacted the way you did.
How dare you?
You just don't...
You just don't...
Okay, are you pleasingly plump?
I'm normal.
So then why would you be upset about fat?
If you're normal, then why are you upset about having a big fat ass?
Are you normal like sides that have a fat ass?
Because then you ought to come over here.
Forget about Phoenix.
They like fat asses down here,
especially the Cuban guys.
They're into food again.
Oh, you're food.
Oh, yeah.
I'm just...
Come on down here, sweetheart.
You'll be busy 15 hours a day.
Oh, please, how dare you.
Yeah, how dare I?
Yeah.
Okay.
You...
Anyway, so will you play my frog?
Sure, no problem.
And by the way,
loosen weight.
I see that.
What's wrong with that?
She's a fat bitch.
Okay, what's wrong with that?
How dare you?
Well, I mean, that answered the question right off the bat, huh?
Right?
I...
I had a checkmate day.
One day she blew away.
To Tio, I know where the moon is blue.
The moon is blue.
But with our right wing censorship,
there are words you mustn't slip.
Who do we tell you how I feel for K?
Hey, it's Friday.
So...
If you see K and C. Y.
I'll see you in Tio, I'll tune.
And now if you see K,
tell her I'm a service day.
And the FCC won't mind me saying this.
So I'm not supposed to say how if you see K?
Take her in.
Tell me, say,
that after this transmission,
I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, if you see K and C. Y.
Then I'll see you in Tio.
I don't wanna go,
but gotta see you in Tio.
I don't know.
Oh!
So, so, so much of she was a little bit chunky, huh?
Porky.
She really did get porky there at the end, isn't she?
She's a cow.
How dare you?
That's a dead tip off. That was a dead giveaway, huh?
I don't understand that.
I've been making fun of fat people all my life.
If I were slim and perfect, like some people out there, not too many,
then it would be pretty nasty.
I'd probably still do it.
But I mean, the fact that I'm fat, you know, people have said,
hey, look at that fat slub.
Huh? What's wrong with that?
If you wanna eat like a pig and look like a pig,
then people are gonna call you a pig.
And it's just a question.
If you want people to say, hey, look at that, you know?
Or if you wanna say, look at that fat cow.
Here's the great facts by the way that's got some of these fat occupations.
Now, I don't want I think maybe stretching it a little bit.
Any male teacher at Columbus High, a little bit carrying away.
Any soldier, especially the Coast Guard,
it says, and what it says, don't drop the coast.
And it says, former Boy Scout,
but how about one that I came up with reading that scout troop leaders?
Huh? Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts?
Not all, just many.
Don't say most.
Any man that knows how to sew.
Oh!
Darn.
Male masseuse.
Men's fitting room attendant.
It's the inventors of the glory hole.
Radio Taukshoe Host on QAM from 10-2.
And also it says, I don't know Ed Berliner.
Or is that Berliner?
How does that say that again?
Ed Berliner.
Berliner.
Oh!
Woo!
In fact, you know, they spent so much for the Zingel Package that after it came back like that,
they had a candy zest.
Because they didn't have anybody here named Ed Berliner.
What a schmuck he is.
He's an apple.
Oh, God.
You know, it's one thing if somebody's talented and they're arrogant and stuck up, you know,
and got a big opinion of themselves.
But when somebody's just a piece of trash,
like no talent piece of a turd,
who really thinks he's a hot shot like Ed Berliner.
And everybody despises him like poison.
Then, you know, you scrape to the bottom of the barrel.
As in, how dare you?
She was great all the way from Fieness Nolis.
She won your heart in the miracle worker.
Despite her handicaps,
she left behind a lifetime of achievements.
And now, with the discovery of rare audio tapes found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey.
Death Jam Records makes available to you.
Helen Keller, St. LeBlood.
Where?
Where?
Where?
Where?
Where?
Where?
A series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself,
whaling out of cow into sound.
Where?
Where?
To order yours.
How do you credit card rate?
They call 1-800.
WOOOOO!
Order now.
Get a bonus list of two lists by Marley Nightlin and Johnny Ray.
WOOOOO!
WOOOOO!
144-560 W Kima Hankover Show from Shulestake 2 coming up at 2 o'clock.
Then we got the booster.
6-7 very briefly.
Because we don't want to interrupt his 4-5 feedings tonight.
Come on, let us some weight, Bougweyah.
We don't want people to call him from feedings about what you're a big fat ass you've got.
Come on, Bougue.
You're a good guy, but God are you dying over there.
And then 7 o'clock we got the pre-game show.
7-30 Rangers in the Panthers.
Are we ready?
Oh!
Panther is going to kick their ass.
No, Bob Eldon.
He'll be ready in due time.
Like Linda Blair said in the Exorcist in time.
Right, remember that?
Do it again.
In time.
You know what, I'm good and ready.
Lucky saying, what do you want for 10 million years?
Want me to play Hurt?
So anyway, here's Carolyn again who's hot to try on this.
She says more lesbians.
Nons.
How could we leave that out?
So obvious.
Nons.
And gay guys, airline reservations people.
Oh yeah.
So many people at the airport.
Okay, if you go out to Miami International for Lauderdale airport.
The people, I'm not talking about the tourists,
but the people are working in the airports.
Can you end up?
Of course, I was, it's funny.
I was taking a leak at MIA last time waiting for a plane.
And I was sticking to myself.
Can you imagine, like in the wee hours of the morning?
Because late at night, these aren't airports where there's like a lot of
flight action late at night.
A lot of tourist action.
There's other kinds of action.
And I was just imagining myself, what must be going on there late at night?
At the airports.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh my god.
Talk about Woon-Woon-Frold Glory.
Here's the fact that says I'm a 22-year-old.
Holy-Oh, straight, of course.
Of course, we believe in.
We believe in.
No.
Yeah, we do.
Worked several years ago at Structure, the clothing store.
And I'm certain that the retail fashion industry has the most homosexuals working within
a van in industry in the world.
That's possible.
The retail fashion industry.
On behalf of everyone in our office and behalf of the students at FIU, etc.
We love your ass and the rest of you, too.
Thank you, Holy-Oh.
So there you go.
We really open up a Pandora's box today.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, I got two more for you.
Yes.
Guys who work at Pier One imports.
And jet skiers.
Jet skiers?
Yeah.
Those guys are cookies.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
Jet skiers.
Like that one from Canada that was doing all that bad weed.
What was he?
He was in the jet skier.
He was a snowboarder.
Snowboarder.
Yeah, he's just a border.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
He's just a border.
He's all he is.
What was his name again?
You'll never know.
You talk about five seconds of fame.
I remember he was blonde.
I remember he wasn't too bad.
He looked okay from the right angle.
But his name?
No chance.
Goes to show you, man, how the media manipulators.
For a couple of seconds, we think something that is really exciting and important and big.
I don't know how big it was.
But there you go.
Shrunky to toe anonymity.
Took his weed and went back to Vancouver.
Here is a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Mobile invoker.
Hey, how you doing now?
Great.
All right, here's one for you.
How about all Disney World employees?
Yeah, we were saying before most of the most amusement park, but Disney of course has got a lot.
They come first.
Yeah.
All right, see you later.
Okay, see ya.
How about, and getting, not just Disney, but how about clowns?
Huh?
Isn't that a good one?
Anybody ever know a straight clown?
No.
In fact, that's gonna be our definitive pull question.
Which one is the most unanimous with virtually no exception?
Clowns or priest?
I think that's Nippentuck, Nek-Nek, nose to nose.
Clowns.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got three for you.
Okay.
Oh, by the way, that restaurant was Vinny's, you're trying to think of it.
Vinny's, that's right.
What a memory, huh?
Oh, boy.
Okay, as far as the girls, that's Roller Derby.
Roller Derby unanimous.
I'm not scared until you die.
I'm for the guy who's got two for you.
Anybody who works at an antique store or owns one?
Yeah.
And arc galleries.
Arc-yell, Archie Fartzi.
Yeah.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Okay.
God bless you.
5670560, 0560 on the AT.
We've got a list here from here to guide their Massachusetts, men, for as long as my arm and elbow
and everything put together.
Unbelievable.
Which goes to show you, boy, that there would just, every, we're all over the place.
It's just, I mean, no matter where you look under every rock and nook and cranny.
Not to mention that George Step on top of us.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Yeah, it's a heterosexual world.
What are you going to deal with it?
Yeah, it is.
It is a heterosexual world.
Yeah.
That you fag think that everybody in the Roku is a homo.
Have you felt like a homo to me?
No, I'm not homo.
I am straight.
I like those boobs.
You sound like a real homo.
I like those.
You sound like a fudge bag.
Why is it that every time I walk around?
Why do you have a sock?
How come you have a sock on?
Did you say dick?
How come you have a sock over your phone?
Like you in there for my quick walk.
How come you have a sock?
When you take the sock off your phone, I'll talk to you.
I don't have a sock on the phone.
Yeah, you have a sock over it.
Maybe not over the phone.
Yeah.
What are you saying?
He said something about dick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And we don't, we don't assume that everybody is gay.
It's just that I think it was an interesting point.
We know that wrestlers.
And of course, most of these people that are calling in,
they are heterosexual, of course.
Aren't they?
Yeah.
There you go.
But even they recognize you.
Why are you going to get with a program?
See, that's what bothers you.
This is the whole purpose of the program today.
It's to point out to people like you who can't deal with it.
You're just going to have to deal with it.
Okay?
The most important, the most influential, the artist,
the athletic, the everything, everything.
Everywhere you go.
Just like ABC tomorrow.
And I think I've got those Fag figure skaters on here.
Probably get a 90 share.
They had the Academy Award, the Oscars on the other end.
What percentage of those people in Hollywood do you think are Fags, huh?
I hear people on the station talking about the Academy Awards.
But they'll never fess up to how much percentage of those people are.
Those artsy, artsy actors and actresses and directors and cinematographers and make up people.
And best boys and best girls and whatever.
What do you think they call them best boy for, huh?
Everything about that.
Asshole.
He's got a sock on it.
Maybe you're just hanging out with Dick Clark at the sock hop.
You think you ever hung out with Dick at the sock hop?
10-D4-2 at 5-60-WQ-A-M.
If you want to get hooked up.
I love those people.
Hey listen, we're not going to out your pal.
Don't worry about it.
