So Greg Reach is one of the sports guys going to talk about now.
Sports Radio 560 W2 AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We call it a Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and
rowered or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil his guests callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those about human easily weak positions or the beastly broadcast.
Now Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
Miami Dad we're playing Ted right there on the bed.
Miami used to have a polar bear daddy's head.
Miami's head was bobbing.
G almost got whipped lash.
I don't know what she was drinking but you got a nutmoss sash.
They've been through the field.
I'm sure what I see.
Sports, sports?
What I'm sure do like him or anything on TV.
Miami's dad were hooked together like my drinking wong.
What I'm I saw something like that.
Mom went yellow at the door.
Dad was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knee.
He must have had a poopful cause.
She's just been wearing a pee.
He's been through the field.
Watching mom and dad.
Beating through the field.
The mom thought we had her hat.
But we watched her little longer and I started to get sick.
If daddy's name is Helmer, why mom asked for gits?
Daddy's grounded his eye full pack.
Mommy wants it more.
She's going back on top of him but oh he's been with Stuart.
He's been through the field.
I've got a minute's pass.
I can't wait to drive it down.
I'm done throwing my class.
I can't wait to drive it down.
I'm done throwing my class.
10.03.560 WQAM.
Who I'm turning out to.
I got the cold.
I got the flu.
I got the cold.
I got the sore throat.
All the way I don't sound that bad.
Do I?
See if I would have stayed home today.
That would have been real bad.
The litmus test for me is I stand in front of the mirror.
If I can talk to myself and I come in.
If I can't talk, I still come in.
Anyway speaking of a peeping through the keyhole, here's our great letter to the editor.
Let's not hold this back.
Now which paper is this?
I guess this is the Suncendle.
One of the greatest letters in the history.
This is this morning Suncendle.
The movie was misnamed and the letter is written by Walter George in Del Rey Beach.
Oh!
As in sitting on a bench in...
Oh!
Short and right to the point.
Wait till you hear this.
I recently saw the film Shakespeare and Love which won this year's Academy Award for Best Film.
The movie should have been titled Shakespeare and Bed or Better Yet Shakespeare in Lust.
To be picked as love, two people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood fair.
That is probably why those kids are shooting everybody up!
They are shooting that...
Like I said, more sex and less violence that's what we need to mirror.
I can't remember a encore for this video.
Speaking of that, by the way, I got a great book for you.
Every now and then I come up with a book that I say, hey, I'm only just the beginning.
I've only just begun about 30 or 40 pages of this one, but I know that a lot of people
want to buy this book.
It's brand new.
It's hardcover.
It's called Making a Killing, the Business of Guns in America by Tom Diaz.
And I know that the gun hugger is out there.
It's basically that one asshole that's always called me up.
Tell me how smart he is and I'll dumb I am.
That gun, Squeezer.
Mr. Reconcealed Weapons Permit Guy.
He'll be a psychotic here and we talk about this.
Great book, Making a Killing, the Business of Guns in America by Tom Diaz.
It's on the new press.
It's in hardcover.
It's in your book stores by today.
Let me just read one interesting thing from here, okay?
Because I'm here in this all the time.
Every time we see the gun looks on there, well, we've already got 20,000 laws.
Gun advocates offered a cert that the US has got more than 20,000 gun control laws at
the local, state and federal level.
In their view, the US is already over-regulated and our gun violence problems would go away
if only these 20,000 laws were strictly enforced.
But what they do not say is that even assuming there actually are 20,000 such laws, the vast
majority of them don't regulate the sale or possession of guns.
Rather, most of them deal with collateral questions like zoning laws that regulate where
guns, stores, and shooting ranges can be located or that set limits on transporting
and discharging firearms within city limits, those kinds of laws that have nothing to do
with buying selling your own and guns.
It says the fact is that any adult who is not a convicted felon, convicted spouse or
child abuser or an educated mental defective can legally buy a gun almost anywhere in the
United States.
Also in the New Yorker magazine this week there's a great article about it, the same attorneys
that went after the tobacco industry are now going after the gun industry.
And they're all psychotic about it of course.
Still getting factors by the way about Friday's show.
If you missed Friday's show, your life isn't worth living, I'll tell you that right now.
That was, seriously, that was the epitome of my life.
Yeah, exactly.
All I can say after Friday's show is about the millennium, about the year 2000.
When does the next millennium begin?
Here's two factors by the way.
It says the conversations today, meaning Friday regarding calendars and centuries, is further
proof of the 60-35-5 rule.
60% of the world's population are ignorant.
35% are stupid and the remaining 5% are intelligent.
The vast majority of today's scholars, according to the 35% category, assuming that most of
the 60% categories comprise of people from third world areas excluding South Florida.
This is the third world baby.
You've turned.
Here's another fact that says, you know, we could start this all over again.
I'm confident about that.
We could do a month on this.
Well, you know, the heat lost.
So this station's in big trouble.
Yeah, Dito says to me in the hall this morning, he says, oh, gee, how are you going to
skip talking about the heat?
I said, no, the real question is, what are you guys going to talk about for the next
year or four months now?
Just like I said on Friday, what happens if the heat went up getting eliminated by the
next?
And I said, well, you know, the Marlins are hot.
They want a couple of games and he went, yeah.
Here's the fact that says, of course, there was no year or zero because back in so-called
biblical times, those people were so stupid, they had no way to express the value of zero.
Most Western civilizations were unable to express the value of zero until the time of
the Renaissance.
This is a fact.
It says period and end exactly.
How do you like that?
Okay.
So if you have ten apples and you start counting it at zero, huh?
Yeah.
Don't you start like with, okay, start with your thumb.
Here you go.
Here's finger number zero.
See, I think a lot of these people, they relate their lives to everything else.
So the fact that most of them are big is, you know, they can't get the zero out of
there.
They can't get the big out of their lives.
Just like that Shakespeare in love, he couldn't forget about the big old one over and
over and over again.
And Walter George and Delray Beach is pretty epist off about it.
To depict as love, two people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood
fair, which is why so many people are racing to see the movies.
You're a jackass water, probably ain't getting any either at your advanced age.
You have about two waters over the age of 100, easy.
So by the way, anybody see Hank on the appritness the other day?
Uh-huh.
Saturday did a good job.
I picked a wrong horse, of course, but then again, so did I.
The Philly, she's still a while.
I shed a little bit of a problem.
They had to ease her up.
The great story of the pregnist, by the way, was the Chris Antley story.
What I want to commend this story, that is what great hope for all of us fat people,
including Hank.
He looked good on that.
He looked, uh, and at least his mic worked.
They had some terrible audio problems there in ABC.
Jim McKay in between checking it as Mike didn't work.
And then after the race Chris Antley is coming back on Charismatic and he's talking,
and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, Al Michaels couldn't hear him.
Can't hear you Chris.
Yeah, but here I am talking.
Yeah, can't hear you.
Okay.
Few problems there.
But that's a big story.
Here's a guy that I, and I hit, he advanced from the scene.
I had no idea what happened to Chris Antley.
And he like, picked out.
He had drug problems.
He had, uh, moves problems.
And then he had a big, uh, fat boy problem.
He gained about 30 or 40 pounds and like that.
Way over his riding weight and worked in, uh, just feverishly made a great comeback.
What a story, huh?
Especially if he wins the triple crown.
I've got air, Chris, who was born in four lottery, by the way.
Anybody know that?
No.
10 times 10 at 560 W QAM if you're cool.
I need some hand clapping.
You don't need these condoms.
You don't need the different them.
You don't need to say I love you.
All here's 50 dollars man.
You don't need the string for dinner or wear all that sexy stuff.
All you need is head of fingers and a wanker or a mug.
Look at everybody doing it all across the land.
After feeders of America, give yourself a hand.
What's natural and organic?
It's easy and it's fun.
You don't know how to do it as your parent's out of town.
You don't need a special license.
You don't need a special skill.
Just a zipping-sip to grip between your hips and get it through.
Because you reply to doing it.
And boy does feel grand.
After feeders of America, give yourself a hand.
You can do it in the bathroom.
You can do it in your bed.
You can do it at a concert while you watch the Grickle Day.
You can do it in the middle of the ocean.
You can stover with a ball on a swarcing eagle pounded Michael Jackson jacked it off.
Your attitude was solving your rise and your panic ban.
Mathes of Beans is over America.
Give yourself a hand.
So right.
10.50 is 5.60 WQAN.
We got the Hank Lohberg at Chulis today.
We got talking baseball with Donnie B630.
Or whenever it held it at 6.60, 6.30.
And in Marlon Pregame, the Marlon's at the Cubs at PP Park.
Any interest now?
They're hot.
They won 5 out of 9, man.
Oh.
Any interest at all?
No.
Here's the facts, by the way, that's his Neal and George.
I'm writing a thank you for suggesting that I use all points limo service.
I call George and can't help her in numberless.
We got a great guy.
It says.
Oh.
It was prom night and everything was booked.
But he still got us a limo help make my wife's birthday celebration a great success.
Thanks again, Neal and George.
You guys are surrounded by quality people at least away from the radio station.
Simon Bruce, what is in there?
Adam Whitebrost.
Hey, you know the best part of the way.
I got a major bulletin by the way.
Are you ready for this?
This is such exciting news that it deserves.
OK, you'll never guess what we discovered here this morning in the building on the third floor.
Write down a hall here to my right.
Are you ready for this?
400 guesses.
The first 399 don't count.
They've got his desk.
Oh.
Now it does have a scratch.
It's a factory second.
But he got a goddamn desk.
And of course it's made from what do they call that stuff that's like a make believe particle board particle board.
I'm sure it's particle board.
It's not like a real wooden desk, but stuff got a desk.
They got rid of the height here.
Right.
It's a monumental day here at WQAM.
What I was starting to say is I think there could be a little message here for the almost what was it like over a year.
We were done and our little makeshirts through the other second floor.
Then and of course the right to QAM was over on the Sheridan street in that toilet.
Then we all finally move over here up onto the third floor and all of a sudden now everybody's moved everybody else has moved out of the second floor.
They keep running away from us.
I think there just could be a message there.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Yes.
I am very mad at the forest.
What his parents did to my mother.
They bought a lamp from them.
Yeah.
Okay.
Whatever you say, pal.
Whatever you have no idea what you're hucking and trying to kabob.
Call him up.
Call up Jeff DeFloris and whatever crap you're talking about some stupid lamp.
I think you'd be able to go rub your lamp or rub something.
There you go right there.
Pick that right where we left off last week.
I can see this is going to be spectacular today.
You can feel it.
Look at that.
Not a call on the board.
There's not anybody that's got.
They're still counting there.
You're not giving the assignment for over the weekend.
Starting at zero.
They haven't got to 2000 yet.
No, seriously, they can't expect these people to be calling in now.
They're up to about 1300 when you get to 1718.
I would love to give us a morning because then we'll know they will be getting close to the end of your counting time.
They're probably hanging out with Scotty Mac.
Who knows those trace.
W Q a M.
Hey George, I love the fucking meal and mobile and Miami.
Okay.
What do you want to call about, sir?
What?
Oh, hey, how you doing?
Good.
George is busy.
You're cleaning himself off after he just up trucked his soda after I did that line about the count of go ahead.
I understand you all been out of town last couple of weeks.
And I was curious.
Is your opinion on that young African American girl who ran over that motorcycle list up in Papano and killed him?
But his kid in the hospital.
What do you mean by what?
What do you mean by opinion about the end?
And why is it necessary that you mentioned that she was African American unless you wanted to make a point?
Was that something?
I thought I'd hear something more.
Next thing you're going to be told us about the Jefferson's yesterday.
With or without George Jefferson and about the intruders there with the thing.
Is there any?
What is it?
I said, I found it funny with all these activists saying she's the college basketball player.
She got a sky.
I don't give a rat's ass if she's a god damn genius.
She ran over somebody and killed him dead and she's going to have to do it too bad.
Figured it prick.
Jefferson's in Hemings' gather 86 reunions more like a family feud.
It says.
See if they would have had George Jefferson there that we're going to have a good time.
But you know the reason they had to keep him out because he's a.
Yeah, don't say it.
Sherman Helmsley is and that one says Jefferson's in Helmsley's gather.
Sherman Helmsley they took a vote on him and said, oh yeah, we don't want to hear.
And it wasn't black.
They were talking about either.
Speaking of that by the way, I can't.
I don't know how to say this.
Because I didn't even tell you.
I had an interesting weekend by the way I was in Toronto over the weekend.
Guess it was on a plane yesterday coming back.
I'm sitting up there in first class.
And of course I'm always the first one on a plane and as close to possible the first one to get.
And off depending on where I'm sitting up there in first class.
Robbie need to my right Nikki Taylor.
They came on air.
See me thank God.
I could have said something but probably wouldn't have been a good idea.
I don't know what kind of mood he was in.
I guess they were up there for the hockey game Saturday night.
How about those made beliefs?
I know it's not of those Pittsburgh people calling in yet today.
But anyway, so they come on to play and I'm sitting there very amusing them come on to get it.
And they like wander and they're going back and I'm thinking they're going pretty far back to.
There's only like four or five rows on there in first class on air Canada.
And they keep going back and they're in coach.
Oh man.
Here's a guy that's making 2.7 million year.
God only knows how much he's raking in with all her I mean she's just a humongous celebrity with her big talent.
And they're sitting in coach.
Well, they probably couldn't get into first class.
We had it all tied up.
Oh my God.
So anyway, I had an interesting interesting awakening experience.
That's all I can tell you.
And like I said so many times before one year, just keep one thing firmly embedded in your mind in life in this life.
And especially in this country on the surface,
whatever things appear, believe me, that's not the way things really are.
That's that's all I'm going to say.
However things appear trust me when I tell you that's usually not how they are.
Am I making myself clear?
No, good.
Thank God.
That's good.
That's your idea.
Just one of those things.
So are they up to 1600 yet or what?
No, they're still counting fingers, toes, appendages.
Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes sir.
Everything to glitter is not gold.
Is it going to say even Gary glitter?
Calling about I trust your opinion on restaurants and food and have for many years you sent me to arrest and out of McNabb.
I believe it was.
Lots to have in it.
Yeah.
And I was wondering if you have any other favorite little gourmet places that you might turn me on to.
No.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
What was that?
What kind of a call was that?
What was that?
We had the first guy that wants to pick on DeFos family,
which I don't know anything about DeFos family or if they're in business or if they're research.
I don't know anything about that.
All I know is he's fat.
And now that the heat lost the other day yesterday by a point blew that game.
Oh, and I notice every I mean pages and pages and pages.
You would have thought we just had World War 3 start here in this town.
All these psychotic sportswriters in this place meant, including that Dan LaVastard.
He gets exposed as a fraud.
You're a fraud, Dan.
You're a piece of crap.
Talk about front running phoneies, man.
And these guys can turn on a dime in a heartbeat.
One minute, oh, they're great.
They're going to win.
And all day they lose the game.
They're a fraud.
They're counterfeit.
They're a bunch of crap.
They let us down.
Well, guess what?
They lost life goes on.
Stop getting so excited about a big bunch of 7-foot-parts.
I told you that before.
Okay?
It's a black people sport.
Stop getting so whipped up into a frenzy about it.
And like I said before, the big sports story and the big human interest
were always looking for human interest stories when something good happens.
We have the horrible human interest stories where lots of bad horrendous things happen
like out there in Colorado and elsewhere.
And now we have this Chris Antley story coming out of the Kentucky Derby in the preckness
with two thirds of the atrival crowdline.
Here's a guy that was a great rider.
See, we had a series of these.
There's a big thing about Steady Coffin in here, by the way.
Who rode the last triple crown winner, performed in 1978.
And now he's pulling for our charismatic and hopes he wins at Triple Crown.
Steady Coffin was the first in my generation in any way of these famous kid jockies.
And then there was Cash Asmusin and then there was Chris Antley with the next one after that.
And then Kent the Sormal.
And Antley kind of disappeared from view.
A little did any of us know that he was doing another Pat Valensweiler.
He was doing cocaine.
He was doing booze.
He was blowing up like a balloon.
Outer racing for two years.
From the top right to the bottom.
Kind of like Ricky Martin only the other way around.
And now Ricky's back on the bottom as well.
And he's sitting there like in total the spare one day and he's watching these.
He sees a horse race on TV and he's thinking to himself, God that's what I used to do.
If I'm cornball, you know, it's, but it's a great story.
And so he makes up his mind, even his father says forget it.
It's too much of a task.
You're out of shape.
You're 42 pounds over weight, you're liver.
And he works his way fibrously back.
Get down to riding weight and comes back and wins to the first two thirds of the Triple Crown.
What a story.
Nice go on Chris.
Oh, from poor Lauderdale.
God, gagging over here.
The only thing I'm hoping is that if they do a human interest story,
which you can be sure they will, please don't let that Jim Huber do it on CNN.
You know who Jim Huber is?
No, you wouldn't.
This is the guy who always does the human interest sports stories.
Usually golf, he covers a lot of golf.
And every story sounds the same.
All they have to do is play violins, hearts and flowers in the background.
And Jim Huber is doing, I mean, it's unbelievable.
First we had Haywood-Hale Bruin and we had Jack Whitaker.
And they either died or they put him out to pasture whatever the,
and now we got Jim Huber on CNN.
He's the kind of guy that would call in on one of the shows in this station and say,
a very young Florida Gator team.
You know, that kind of crap.
And people would be like peeing in their pants all over America.
Jim Huber.
Get him off of my TV.
Okay.
Get him off my set.
That's what's wrong with America is Jim Huber.
I'm telling you that right now.
Here's Margie.
Hello.
1,400 and 30.
Yeah, okay.
Keep going.
He's up to 1,400.
Nice going, sir.
See, they got no material.
I'm playing music today.
I got a little scratch in my throat.
I could have stayed home.
I could have fought the good fight.
Stayed at Hell Home on a Monday, especially.
No one what kind of crap it was going to be today, especially after last Monday.
But no, I came in here prepared to do my duty.
Do it like a scout, like a trooper.
And this audience again, living up to the usual billing.
That is a freaking door nail.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Oh, no.
How you doing, sir?
Okay, sir.
You just make it a mac.
You see the graphic book spot.
Can't hear a word you're saying, pal.
Get the mush out of your phone or out of your mouth.
Okay.
Next time you call.
Can't understand a goddamn word you're saying.
And have a nice day.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man, what a show.
Love it.
It's all the article in the news day of the day.
Don't believe that article, man.
You still suck.
You've baked nose juice.
Yeah, okay, great.
56670560.
Now, they're just like last Monday.
They have nothing to say.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
My call to you is not about your particular show, which I think is fantastic.
Yeah.
It's about the worst thing.
Yeah, we'll call them up and tell them about it, okay?
1026 at 560WQM, if you want.
The Roger's got it.
Hey, you're nice to me, Robbie, but you just don't have to look at your cards.
You can't tell.
You can't tell.
Come on, you're welcome.
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Don't throw in that rock.
Thank you.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi, everybody.
Hi, guys.
Hi, guys.
We're right when wrong.
Maybe he heard something.
I saw something else.
So you're back.
Okay, 1032 at 560WQM.
That's right.
So I'm back.
You know, every time I'm on a plane, and I come in, like last night about 1015,
and a plane is coming in over, especially at nighttime where you see the lights of the city,
and here's all this big, gigantic mass.
It all kind of like, you know, there's nothing that stands out.
But it is this big mass of a light.
And I know it's Miami.
And this I well up in my brain just starts contracting and I feel this tremendous sense
of depression in psychosis.
And I think to myself, oh, it's such a good idea that they don't let guns and airplanes
because I know I blow my brains out or maybe just somebody else's just to release the
pressure and the psychosis.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Anybody up to 1300 yet?
No.
Keep counting.
Come on.
Here's the mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
God.
I'm an Albanian and a pissed off.
I keep thinking about that scene from the Godfather where Clemens is teaching Michael how
to shoot the gun in the basement.
Yeah.
If they would have stopped Hitler and Munich.
You know.
So we should send a little broth for you.
Okay, great.
Here's the mobile in Lantana.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a Florida resident and I am sick of the stupidity in this town.
I have to get out of here.
I mean, run.
I got news for appellate counting.
That's not a change in.
Nothing's going to change here.
It's unbelievable.
It's the end of the world.
I mean, I've just recently started listening to you and I knew people were stupid, but after
I heard that call, that show on Friday, I feel like I'm a cold old lady.
What does that say?
And you know something?
The dumber they are, the more stubborn they are, the more adamant they are, the
they're right and the whole rest of the world is out of step.
Well, I've heard a lot of times ignorance is blessed when these people live in the charm
life.
Have a good one, Neil.
Good luck to you, pal.
Buses leave in every hour on a half hour.
I wouldn't blame you.
Just pack a light suitcase, get on that thing and say, take me anywhere.
Just get me out of here.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on a mobile one line.
We're looking for that great aim material today.
Maple Leafs win the big game against Pittsburgh.
They crushed them.
The meter you scavenge just made a rendered, yarm or yaga impotent.
He crushed them like stepping on a bug in a game that the air Canada Center on Saturday night.
Leafs win four to one.
Got to strangle hold on a series.
Backstreet boys, by the way, on Saturday night live, I'm unfortunately have the bad, bad luck of channel surfing just at the right moment.
I tune in just to catch the last two thirds of their performance on that show Saturday night.
I want to tell you, it was horrible.
It was, oh.
And big poplis, he dourges way behind the times.
If he'd get out of the house once in a while, it's not boring about goddamn what's your name there?
Britney Spears.
By the way, she is so big, no matter where you go.
Walking on Young Street in Toronto, you're going to have all the record stores of the music blasting all weekend long.
What do they got?
Backstreet boys and Britney Spears.
That's all you hear everywhere now.
She is big.
I would say like about, you know, that big.
Huh?
And almost as feminine as Nick.
But not quite.
But they know they were terrible on that.
Why is that?
I've seen them do acapella.
They were on TV in Amsterdam.
I told you this.
They're in that Spain thing I saw when I was in Amsterdam.
They're saying acapella.
They were great.
They could actually sing.
They were lip syncing.
No, they were not lip syncing.
Okay, Mr. Relentless prick.
They were not lip syncing.
But Saturday night live.
That's just a show they can't do, you know.
It's like me with this thing.
I'm great, but on this show, not so great.
No, this isn't just, isn't just show.
Like Mondays.
Mondays isn't the show that I can do.
Tuesday through Friday, I'm great.
Mondays is it me?
Maybe it's the audience you think?
Oh, huh?
Could be the audience sucks.
Monday through Friday.
They were terrible.
I'm embarrassed for them.
But anyway, big, the pop-up, whatever you call him.
Louis Pearlman.
He's not the reason anymore.
They got a gigantic lawsuit against them.
They made him, I don't know how many tens of millions of dollars.
They got collectively, the whole five guys got 300 grand.
Why is it that always entertainers, boxers, kids, you know,
people that don't have any representation, they get screwed over something fierce.
Poor Joe Louis, you know.
Poor Joe Louis, died penniless, died brokenhearted.
He is dead, isn't he?
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Monday.
And back to you.
Monday sucks in this time, man.
We're having a high time getting started here at work.
Jesus Christ displaced blows.
We were wondering if you could cheer us up a little bit.
Yeah, is this a request?
Say another word, you have no material.
Are you trying to say you have no material, sir?
Is that what you're trying to say?
We're trying to get started.
We're trying to get started with what?
With my anus.
Yeah, okay.
I'll tell you how to get started with your anus.
Back to you.
I probably don't have to tell him.
He probably already knows how to get started with his anus.
Five, six, see how one dimensional they are?
Like the guy they called before about the article.
And you're still fed.
Sir, you're so boring.
You're such a piece of crap.
I don't care what you say about me, but at least be funny.
Be original.
Be different.
The same, but they must have been written down by three by five cards.
Like the assholes over there on the coast.
You're pathetic.
This is such an end of the day.
That show Friday, like I said, if there was anybody had a doubt about this town.
About how much rampant stupidity we have in this place.
All they had to do was hear any segment of that show on Friday.
Oh, yeah, but you left off the zero.
You know what that was like?
You know what they reminded me of?
Reminded me of a fatso when Ed Bancroft says,
You make the own aid.
Yeah, that's what that reminded me of.
Same thing.
WQAM.
Four watered out.
Banks were on a crime list.
Sir.
Hello.
Four watered out.
Number five in the property crime.
Number 16 violent crime.
Let's go to four waterdale.
Hello.
There's four Jews in Florida.
Meaning what?
Uh-huh.
Another guy with no material.
Was that good or what?
There's no Jews in Florida.
Other than Woody Graver, Neil Rogers, Jeff DeForest, Hank Goldberg, Ed Kaplan, Jeff Cohen, Jeff Cohen,
Al Goldstein, Bob Green, Bob Green, Cheryl Riftkin, my mother, Yamama.
That's it.
I think he's right.
And then that will fart up in Delray Beach.
You're right.
That's the problem.
That's why there's so much stupidity here too many goyams.
21 before 11 at 5 60 WQAM.
Lorenzo's Italian center is like visiting Italy right here in North Miami Beach.
Lorenzo's super sale with huge savings is going on right now.
Or as it says here, with huge savings.
Maybe he's related to what's his name?
That British actor, that boring British actor?
You're grand.
Grue grand.
Oh, he is.
Oh, grotesque.
Anyway, listen to these savings that Lorenzo's right now.
USDA Prime Boy and Veal Chops, regularly $12.99 a pound.
Not only $9.99 a pound.
Say $3 a pound.
So, get away from the ball, mother f***er.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
Hi kids.
Y'all like cutting little stinkers?
That's my little sound that comes right out.
I'm serious, Finch.
I'm supposed to.
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-hoo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm going to fart on.
And Dr. Dre asked,
Yo, man, you passed this.
Yeah, I know.
And what do I smell as?
Man, you look great.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like
my gripping gasses and dootens was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off,
and thought it so hard,
but I got it through my underwear backwards like Chris Croft.
And every night I'm like,
Oh, dinner has been caught up in my ass
and I'm fat,
but you ain't too fat.
Smell this honey.
Yo, it's been a waitin' man.
It's my girl, cunt.
I don't give a fuck.
God sent me to think the world up.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
You see, you want to be kicked out back in junior high?
Yeah, the problem was something cold at my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
I'm walking the strip club.
My aunt's asses were filled up.
Moves the bomb, tenor took a dump and a kick club.
Went over to a dancer, had a fuck in her garter.
She lifted a leg up,
and I knew she was a fuck.
Nine and nine,
and sent him my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mouth got gon' get to not do.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
They confronted about strange noise.
Made on the crap.
You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave.
You drive the whole of the back, but you must eat it, really.
This guy at Y-Shaston said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go.
Go drop the kids off and move.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't it.
It smells too sweet.
Oh, and I hear that though.
Here's something really profound.
A millennium has simply appeared in about a thousand years.
The first millennium began nearly two thousand years ago with the year one AD.
Because there wasn't a year zero AD,
each succeeding millennium and decade and century,
for that matter must begin with the year ending in the New World One.
Technically, the third millennium doesn't begin until year 2001.
Is that profound?
Is that what I argued about for four hours here on whatever day Friday?
No!
Yes it was.
Isn't that exactly what I said?
No!
That's what it was.
Let's argue about it some more.
Let's argue about it for weeks and months.
Okay.
Let's get everybody all whipped up to a frenzy about it.
Because in this God for Second Town, especially now that those big sparts are lost at basketball game yesterday,
there ain't nothing else to talk about.
I mean, that's some kind of a commentary when this freak show that goes on out there
takes up 80% of both my newspapers this morning.
I wouldn't even rad decent garbage with the stuff that came out on my front stoop this morning on those two newspapers.
I wouldn't rad quality garbage in that crap.
That's how bad it is.
Here's a fact from a guy named Bugsy.
He asks you to bug us a lot in the facts machine, but you're okay.
It says, I get tired of people driving a car length or less.
It's 70 miles an hour behind me when traffic is solid ahead.
And I'm following the current front of me at the correct distance.
So I put a sign in the back window of my van that says asserted loose parts about to fall off.
Don't follow too close.
And guess what?
It worked.
No more tailgators.
And Bugsy asks, how can there be so many stupid F&P people in what he asks?
How do you like that?
He just put a sign in the back.
Don't follow too close, asshole.
And they all said, okay.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This was an important weekend for my 12-year-old son.
Yes?
He watched Godfather for the first time.
Great.
He loved it.
Uh-huh.
He can't wait to watch number two now.
Can't wait to do number two.
That's that also.
Uh-huh.
Because the first five minutes, one of you just turn it off, I said no way.
Why is that?
Maybe you know the wedding is slow when it starts blowing.
Yeah, the wedding is kind of boring.
But luckily he's seen that stupid Jane Austen mafia film, so I mean, knew what a lot of the scenes were to anticipate.
You know, he thought it was the greatest thing I ever saw.
It is.
Or you hear her thought, yeah, he can't wait for two and three.
I mean, it's no Star Wars buff.
Wait till Godfather the prequel comes out.
That's true.
When Marlon Brando was six years old.
Yeah.
Just wanted to let you know you still had a mustache.
Godfather fans aren't born.
They have to be recruited.
You're exactly.
And I just recruited a new one.
Sounds like part of your agenda.
Keep it up.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh!
Speaking of crime, by the way, for Lauderdale, named number ten Worston crime, but you know,
you see that these articles are all over the place.
It depends on which list you like the best.
All crime, though, including those white collar crimes that are escalating like crazy.
Thank God we don't have any ripoff artists down here, by the way.
All crime, it's interesting of the top ten, though, the bottom ten, the worst ten cities in America for all crimes.
St. Louis is the worst.
Atlanta is number two.
Although St. Louis isn't a class by themselves, this is total crimes per thousand residents.
St. Louis 149 and a half.
How do you get a half a crime?
That's only for my didn't finish.
They didn't finish the job.
Orlando is number three.
Topeka Kansas 4, followed by Tampa.
Miami, we're number six, Goddamn it.
Kansas City, Missouri.
Flint, Michigan, Detroit, and Florida, down to number ten.
This is all crime.
Now you'll notice of the ten Worston cities in America for all crimes.
One, two, three.
Four of the top ten are in Florida, baby.
We're done.
Four are in Florida, two are in Michigan, Flint, and Detroit.
St. Louis and Kansas City, two in Missouri, and then there's Atlanta and Topeka.
But one thing of those top ten, we'll get to that in a minute.
Now the whole thing that really counts, that we really care about, violent crime.
I mean, you want to go out there and rip off your boss.
Who cares?
You want to rip off the lottery, counterfeit.
That's crime, but we're not all concerned about it.
As long as you leave us the hell alone.
Violent crime, that's another story.
Atlanta again is number one.
Now what is it about Atlanta?
Where's number one, English?
Violent crimes, Atlanta is number one.
Now there are a lot of sparches in Atlanta, but supposedly they're like affluent sparches.
You know what I'm saying?
So what does that mean?
Number two, Springfield Mass.
I don't think I've ever been in Springfield, Massachusetts.
I know where it is.
There used to be many years ago, WBZA in Springfield, which was a subcurrier.
And the FCC finally said, what a fraud that is.
Shut that thing off.
And they said, okay.
That's the only thing I know about Springfield, Massachusetts in the western part of the state.
And who knows?
St. Louis is number three, followed by Tampa and Miami, four and five.
Tampa's number four.
Now see, I don't know about that.
I mean, I'm sure I believe these statistics.
But to me, even though there's a bunch of nose picking red necks over there,
Tampa never seemed as dangerous to me as Miami.
But then again, I guess it depends on what part of town you're hanging out in, right?
I mean, when you're off there on Dale Maybury, by all the strip joints, you know,
that's not dangerous in Arizona.
No.
Detroit's number six, followed by Flamnichigan Baltimore, Orlando, and Newark, New Jersey.
Now what about a place where it is like almost all white people?
Like plantation.
Did plantation make the list?
No.
Because it's got all the Florida cities on here, like St. Pete was 11, Tennessee 37, Jacksonville 50 for Lauderdale 60.
This is violent crime.
Clearwater 65.
Highly a 77, Hollywood 104.
Coral Springs 188.
Cumber Pines, 193.
That probably includes stealing a false teeth.
But did plantation make the list?
No.
No.
Sunrise?
No.
Old Jews don't commit violent crimes.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Maybe it's Walter George.
Hello.
And Newark.
Yes, sir.
I'd just started listening to your show.
It was talking to a friend last night.
He was telling me all about your show.
Right.
And he told me he gave me the impression that you didn't like French Canadians.
I don't like French Canadians.
That's an understanding.
That's an understanding.
I have a spies French Canadians.
Frogs, Pepsi's.
But you go to their country to go watch a hockey game.
Sir, let me say this to you.
Are there French Canadians in Ontario?
Have you ever been in Canada?
Yeah.
Born and raised in Ontario.
Yeah, Ontario.
So are the frogs in Ontario?
No, Quebec.
Yeah.
So what are you talking about?
What does Toronto have to do with frogs?
Well, you're going to their country.
Sir, let me say it again.
Canada is not their country.
Quebec is separate.
They want to be separate.
Let them be separate.
I say pack them a goddamn stale croissant.
And send them back to France with the rest of the frogs.
Right?
I...
Partly who get lost to them is what you should be saying.
Pal, you should kiss the ground that they want out.
When in doubt, kick them out.
Send them over to God, Daniel and Slavio.
Okay, that'll teach me a little lesson or two.
Swap some of those Albanians for those frogs.
Bunch of cheap ass disgusting pigs.
Back to what was I talking to?
Yeah, um...
Where was it?
Oh, I know what it was.
Wait till you hear this.
This is a good deal.
So I'm going to the airport in Toronto yesterday from the hotel.
And they get me a limo.
And there's a guy, there's a doctor, as it turns out,
who's also going to the airport.
And so the bell hops is, how about you want to share the car?
Because you're both going to the airport to the same terminal, whatever.
And Slavio's some money.
Okay, sure, why not?
So I'm talking to this doctor, who's kind of an interesting guy.
And he's telling me about all these different...
I forgot the whole goddamn point.
What was this guy just talking about the frogs?
No, seriously, all about France.
You know, this guy's been in London.
He teaches seminars.
He teaches seminars all over the world this guy.
And he's telling me about how he was in Paris and hated it like poison.
And boy, I mean, I just took off.
Once he started that, I just, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So we get to the airport and I, you know,
and oh, he was at the different terminal.
He was at terminal three.
I was at terminal two.
So the cab driver stops to drop me off first,
because my flight's to even first.
And the doctor says, don't worry about it.
I'm on an expensive account.
I'll pick up the whole thing.
How do you like that?
Of course, he lives in Boston.
He don't live here.
He was a nice guy.
If he lived here, what do you say that?
No.
No chance.
If he lived here, and if he would have known who I was, he'd have said,
oh, you're a big shot.
You make a lot of money.
You pick up the whole damn thing.
That's what he would have said.
It would have been a cheap prick.
But anyway, so the thing about Paris,
that really submitted our relationship
and got me a free limo ride to the airport.
Nice going, Doc.
Thank you.
Good guy.
Hates the French.
Pigs.
Disgusting.
Obnoxious.
Subhuman.
And then this guy who pretends to be Canadian
that just called up, you go to their country.
Yeah.
I thought they lost that.
Parley, who up your rectum, OK, pal?
This guy probably hangs out with Denise Puffin too much.
That dumb frog.
1056 and 560 WQM.
I think you'll cut this thing.
Don't you think it's this bad?
Who's on it?
Who's on it?
In theaters now, it's the totally new Star Wars.
Yoda loses his virginity.
Oh, R2D2.
You are one hot mama.
Oh, what's happening to me?
Oh, my.
Oh, oh, what's this?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yoda gets Jiggy with R2D2.
Oh, R2D2.
Give it to me, baby.
Showing no in a theater near you.
By the way, I got some very bad news for your Star Wars friends.
You're going to be really depressed about this.
As soon as I find it.
One moment, please.
What's either of those in the suns and the suns and the, yeah, here it is.
You're going to be psychotic when you hear this.
Singer Ricky Martin out draws Star Wars.
Oi!
Writing the friends he over his hit song,
Livin La Vida Loka, Ricky Martin is loving his crazy life.
The enthusiastic crowd gathered to see the Puerto Rican singing star
at Manhattan Records store last week, outnumbered the throng
across the street lined up for an advanced screening of the new Star Wars movie.
Oi!
Which means that on both sides of the street,
there were a lot of people with really bad taste.
Your self-titled debut album, how about the Ricky Martin prequel when that coming out?
The prequel.
Oh, God!
I mean, you talk about peddling crap to Chinese.
I mean, you can peddle the American public anything.
The sequel and the prequel and the, uh, whatever.
The prequel.
A lot of very sad people out there were just unbelievably vacuous minds.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, Ricky Martin is a...
I thought he did.
Oh, he said F and suck.
Was there, like, a, uh, a, uh, poster fee in there?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, or an ampersand.
Don't you like that? Amperstand?
I never really knew what the hell that thing was called.
And then suddenly somebody told me,
like, one of his about 100 years old, that's an ampersand.
And I said, huh?
Now I know why nobody ever says what that thing is called.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yes, sir. Did you, uh, get a chance to see 60 minutes last night?
No.
They had an author who wrote a book on the decline of, uh, the religious right,
an effect on politics.
And, uh, also to the one, uh, one person, bemoan the fact that there's a tremendous drop in membership in churches.
Oh!
Therefore, there is still hope.
Good.
That 35% or 60, some percent that are ignorant, may start getting educated.
Great. Thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
Maybe we can get up to, like, Italy does in 97% of the people in this country don't bother going to church or show
anymore, like they don't in Italy.
Then we can finally start getting our ass together, getting a brain in this country instead of all that.
You know, I was thinking about that on a plane trip coming back last night.
A lot with many other interesting things.
I had all these things running racing through my mind last night.
I'm at, uh, two hour and 42 minute journey back.
And how come, you know, I mean, it's, you don't even have to read past the first couple of paragraphs in the Old Testament to know that it's a bunch of manwritten crap.
You get newswikery, you get time.
And of course, I realized that those are Cami Pico rags with all their propaganda.
And you read about the new fossils they're discovering and about all the missing links in the evolutionary chain that they're piecing together now.
Lucy in the sky would do without the diamonds.
And you, you ask yourself now, you go back to that thing in Genesis, you know, God creates the universe and the earth and all this and the stars and the caucamona.
And then right away and starts with the sexism right away.
Okay, he invent a man, not a woman.
Now, wouldn't God have known ahead of time if God was perfect and God was so God, then smart, not dumb like Frado.
But if he was so smart, wouldn't he have known that he would have had to have a woman?
Huh?
Would you throw the other animals?
Don't start making trouble.
I'm going to need some soup, by the way.
I'm never going to make this.
What the hell did I come in here?
I'm getting a sore Rothschild.
You want me to lie?
Because I was like, right on the border when I came in, but then when you talk on that thing for four hours, then it aggravates it.
And then you can take a couple of days off in the middle of the week.
All right.
I'm getting, we need soup.
Where we're going to get some soup, some nice warm tonies?
Tonies would be good.
We love our buddy, what Brad, down at Tonies.
See, I remember the end of the day.
But what kind of bull crap is that?
What about the dinosaurs?
What about all these other, these, the bird, all these forms of,
there was a thing about the dinosaurs and about how the reptiles developed the ability to fly and all this other stuff.
Is there anything in there about, of course there's not, because they had no idea, what the hell did they know?
It was written by men for men.
Oh yeah, Adam was lonely, so he needed a companion.
So God reached in and grabbed one of Adam's ribs and made Eve.
I mean, the whole concept about that is so sexist that even a two-year-old child,
even Jokasthela understands that.
Who's busy shaving his nuts right now in the other room?
Now let me ask you this, who's going to get the assignment of shaving the intern nuts?
Well, isn't that part of the deal when it comes to interns?
I'm assuming that you would know which interns, because the interns that you're interested in,
I would assume, again, don't have any nuts.
I would guess that also.
Yes.
I saw the way you were leering when you had Shannon.
See, he sends Shannon in here, our intern, our very, very attractive young lady,
he keeps sending her on assignments to find things at the bottom of the cabinet over there.
Anything to make sure that she has to bend down so he gets a real good bird's eye view from his cat bird seat in the other room.
Like he's fooling me, okay?
I know a letch when I see one, like every morning when I shave.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Don't get me started now. This is for off the air.
We don't want to start scaring people away, okay?
We don't want to start scaring any of our interns away.
We've finally got somebody in this building that looks pretty good.
Don't be scaring them away.
Yes.
Here's Liberty City. Hello?
Yes, hello, Lee.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I do.
Great.
I want to, I need to make a comment about black, that's what it's for black people.
I'm not disagreeing on you with that, but what's wrong with all white people if they're showing interest in it?
Let me ask you this. Are you a hockey fan?
Yes, I am.
Well, I'd like to purchase.
Well, you better stop. Don't, don't, don't get carried away with that. It's not for you. For white people.
For this one, where the white person is liking the black person's for.
Because you don't, you don't want white guys muscling in. It's your thing. Don't you want to have your thing?
It's not for white people anymore.
It used to be years ago when we had all those midgets playing like Bobby Wanzer and the Bob Koozy. That's different lifetime.
I just thought that was, you know, an ignorant statement.
No, it's not an ignorant statement. It's an honest statement. It's not ignorant. It's an honest statement.
If the white people start eating all the watermelon, how much are you going to have left?
You see my point?
Whatever, man.
Okay. I don't think you get it. Does he get it?
No.
No, he don't get it.
Well, why do people take offense to that? I get no black collars on his show. Maybe one or two a week.
And then all I got to do is tell you the truth about the NBA. And right now they start getting bent on a shape.
It's your thing. Squeeze it. Grab it. Enjoy it.
Oh, man. Just can't handle the truth.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Sports bag radio WQL.
That's so s**t.
I don't have to grow up. I'm a gunner of kids.
So I can always kill myself or something bad. I did. It's gonna be cool when I kill everyone at school.
So my dad said, it's okay. I'll exercise my rights like by the NRA.
That lets me be a gunner of kids.
These are guns or us kids. I told them how to shoot. Well, he really loves the side of blood. No way. That gun, the cute.
I'm a homicide. I don't see red.
With the size on the internet.
I'm a lifetime number of the NRA. That's why I raise the guns or us kids.
Here son. Oh boy.
It's in my gun. I'm glad that you're a gunner of kids.
2014 at 560WQ on the Hank Grover show from Shulis into a clock. Donnie B.
Talkin' baseball at 6 to build up the tremendous enthusiasm to whip this town into a frenzy for the Marlin Cup game pregame 6.30.
Any? No.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello?
Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. Listen, I just wanted to touch basins.
We have been a long time listener and a first time caller. But regarding the sources like you're talkin' about in Atlanta.
They might be affluent there but implantation. I've been living here for 28 years. And there's a lot of changes going on.
A lot of changes. Yeah. Just yesterday. I'm out walking my rot-wilder. All of a sudden I look over.
I see 15, 15 swans of kids beating the livin' crap out of a white kid right there.
Stop an auto space, stop an auto. I had to get them away. And you know what? Stop talking to me.
Let me ask you. What kind of mushrooms are you growing in a backyard that you're doing making up stories like this?
On the to God. Right down the street from plantation high school.
Right down the street. You got 15 kids away. How did you do that?
Nice. How did my rot-wilder thank God. And they took off rides. All I said was get out of here.
Leave this kid alone. And they took off running when they saw the dogs. The bottom line here and you got to open your eyes.
There's a lot of changes right here in plantation. I mean I've been here for 28 years since 1971.
Yeah. And I'm ready to move out. What would you like to do? Would you like to build a wall at the edge of water hill there?
I can't do that. I understand. It used to be 441. Forget it. Now it's university.
Yeah. Everything keeps going west, west. I'm going to be out in the acres by you.
Well listen, I'll tell you. Can a dig when the New York check it out. A lot of white people there.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let me just stop and think about that. Would you? Stop and think about that.
This guy, all he's being honest, he's expressing the way he feels as just as just tasteful as unpalatable as it is to many of you.
I'll I'm sure that many also agree.
We that's not that we what he's saying is we don't dislike dark people. Just stay where you belong.
That's really not what he's saying. Just stay on the other side. Water hill is great. He's saying over there.
Over on the other side of 441. Over all those fried chicken joints are that's a better place for your kind. That's what this guy is saying.
I think you're getting just a little bit carried away sir. You're just a little tiny bit out of control.
Just like those 600 kids that you disperse, they were beaten up by one poor little white kid.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello?
Lady in Miami. Hello? Yes ma'am. I was going to tell you where I think the zero.
Well, here's a no sorry. The crazy lady. Don't put her on again. Okay. Please don't ever put her on again.
Lady, you are crazy. That a freaking bed bug.
I'd rather hear that last guy with a story about the 48,000 black kids beating up the one little white kid.
And I'd rather croak before hearing him again. Okay. Don't call me anymore lady. You just a sound of your voice makes me nauseous.
God is she crazy. I want to apologize to all the bed bugs out there. Okay. Because I said crazy. That a bed bug.
They make her she makes them look brilliant.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
What I wouldn't give for some real callers in this town. What I wouldn't give for some real people who had something to say.
655 years I've been doing this here. Have I had 10 calls that were worth no.
Am I right? And all these people every year when we do our center one stuff the best of the other.
And they're saying, Oh, why don't you put a lot more stuff from the show on there. A lot more callers. And we always see that right.
One of those great calls going to start coming in. We're holding our breaths collectively. We're holding it.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, my lord. Yes, sir. I'll try and be a good caller. Anyways, where is the racist station for the 90s?
Well, I'm another Jew in Florida. And my wife is Catholic and we're raising the children's Catholic.
Why is that? Well, I'm not religious because I'm...
You're not religious. So in other words, instead of just raising them up neutral and letting them pick home poison, you're just letting your wife out.
Oh, man. That's it. What is that?
Well, we took them to church on Saturday for a holy communion. I never knew what it was about.
And all I could think about is you and the sheep going up to the altar watching the kids. And I was thinking to myself, why am I doing this?
And then what is the answer? I'm going to have to sit down and have a talk with my wife about it.
Why?
Dude, why not? It's not you. It's not. It's not.
It's not. It's not. It is. It's tragic. What kind of a period are you that's letting your kid be brainwashed with his craft, with these wafers and with all his...
So these chatkeys all are silly nonsense?
You're right. With the wafers and everything. It's ridiculous. I was watching them and I'm thinking to myself, I like to see as the sheep going up to the father getting the wafers.
I'm thinking myself, what kind of bubble my season is this?
See, it's a conditioning process. The father wants to condition those kids to putting something in their mouth.
That's right.
I will definitely have a talk with my wife about it.
Yeah, well, call us back when you do.
I shall.
Okay, mark it on the calendar, George. 25.25.
He shall. What a pussy man. There's somebody who puts these out there in this town. God, I thought the old work was in this station.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, maybe you can set some light on this. I heard you talking about Atlanta a little bit.
I'm the production manager for the television show COPS.
And last year we were shooting in Atlanta prior to the summer.
And evidently, so was everybody else.
But usually when we go with city, our crew is a lie with an officer and usually for an evening shift, they might get about 18 to 20 calls a night.
We were running 35 to 40 calls a night, which is unheard of.
And it was just one of those cities where we go to.
We've never been to a city where you have such a diverse group mix with the black and white.
But actually, everybody seems to get along very well in Atlanta.
And a lot of like you said, the black area flew into the area also.
So what's the reason for all the crime?
Well, it's hard to explain. You have lots of happening in the city and a lot of things happening in the outskirts.
It's just a lot of petty stuff, but it's a very violent crime area also.
You have murders, you have a lot of attacks, rapes, all that kind of stuff goes on there.
But when we were going in there to research in Atlanta, we didn't think it was going to be like that.
We heard that you have a lot of violent crimes and we got there.
We were just blown away by it. We couldn't believe it.
But you know, morale, you have a good morale there in the apartment and everything.
For instance, when we left Atlanta, we went to Virginia Beach.
And where guys were going on 15 calls a night.
And Virginia Beach was supposed to be like ranked number six in the country.
So I don't know if I could really shed any light on why it's like that, but it just happens there.
It's just really hard to explain.
Well, thanks for the good news. I'm staying out.
Okay. Thanks.
All right.
Okay. I'll see you at the Rich Carleton Hotel in Buckhead. How do you like that?
That's a nice safe area as long as you don't leave the hotel.
Yeah, that's a very richy affluent part of town in Atlanta.
I've been up there. But boy, you don't want to walk the streets even there.
You just, you can feel it in the earth like Los Angeles.
Man, you talk about a scary city.
I would say of all the places I've ever been in my life.
Well, I'm talking anywhere. I'm not talking about bad neighborhoods.
I'm just talking anywhere in LA.
You just have that sense, you feel it. You can smell it.
That sense of fear you know what I'm talking about?
Like it just isn't all that great walk out of my street even in the middle of broad daylight.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey. Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I was calling about the gentleman earlier. He talked about the 60 minutes show last night.
I wanted to clarify, he made it sound like it was just some average person.
I was treated off at this book. Actually, it was by two people who were sort of Pat Roberts's right hand men.
In fact, they created, I wish to remember their names, but he created one of them as being the one who came up with the name, the Christian Coalition.
And they were basically saying that well, considering everything that Clinton's gotten away with,
that they had written this book now that says that you know just give up trying to be an impolitics and you're politicizing Jesus and it's not working.
And even they had an interview with Robinson things that, oh, we know we're never going to get abortion made illegal again.
It's always going to be legal and there's that and the other.
And the thing was the whole time I was watching it, I kept thinking to myself, yeah, you'd like us to believe this.
And then we'll all feel safe voting for Republicans on some level.
And then here comes the brown shirts again.
I just thought to myself, boy, what is the biggest information project ever put out there?
And this is just sort of, okay, we're going to go, we're going to draw back now.
We're not going to be in politics anymore.
So like, okay, now you can trust the Republicans again not to throw you down the river.
And guns got in hate. That's the motto. Don't ever forget it.
Guns got in hate. That's your Republican party of the 90s.
Absolutely. Don't trust and kill it the whole new set of faces.
God bless you, sweetheart.
You have a good day.
Making a killing, the business of guns in America today by Tom Diaz.
You ought to go out and get the book right now.
Okay, immediately if not sooner.
Speaking of the far right and the National Rifle Association.
All these people that love their guns, baby.
That's right. Don't be messing with them.
Because it's the American F and way.
It's part of their whole mindset.
It's part of their whole phallic thing, this gun thing.
They want it. They want to look at it. They want to stroke it.
They want to rub it in the gun too.
1125 at 560 W.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
But it's a lot.
I can't shoot.
You're going on a Tuesday, just remember to speak with your back to the corner or you'll
be walking right in a tinder.
Oh, okay.
Man, you can play.
It's one of the fun.
My kishki just starts spilling out.
Man, you could play.
Like, that really counts for something?
No.
No, not really.
That's the problem with America.
You could play.
You could hit the ball.
You could run.
Yeah.
Anybody give a crap with a brain?
No.
Anybody's got a brain doesn't care about that.
The fact that you regard them cold-blooded, ruthless murderer, it's slaughtered to young
people.
That's what we ought to be caring about.
And the fact that there are people that still admire and glorify you and the media still
try to pump you back up again and rehab you, this is the sad part.
You know, all this crap about morality in America?
That's like Middle East peace.
You know, they think because they're having an election again today over there, that's
going to change something?
Is there going to change anything?
No.
Of course not.
They can have an election every other circus over there and they're going to change a
goddamn thing.
Morality in America.
Any country that admires, that elevates to the level at this piece of human scum.
And we got the media here promoting, oh, here's a, why the hell should he have two seconds
of publicity in the media anymore?
I mean, I think Ted Vundee may have been misunderstood when he came right down to it, huh?
And maybe John Hinckley and Jack Ruby and David Brookowitz and John Wayne Gacy.
Come on, let's hear him all.
All the goddamn mass murderers.
Let's start with all the scumbags, all the slime, Charlie Manson, huh?
I think he might have been a little bit misunderstood and poor Patty Hurst and the goddamn SLA and
the FNA.
Yeah.
You know, everybody's a folk hero and you're getting marriage proposals in prison and I
mean, come on.
Morality in America.
Are you people out of your minds?
And they're running around on the freeways, on a goddamn side of the freeways there in
L.A.
Go, OJ, go, OJ.
Yeah, but he just, you know, he just ran.
He just, you know, he's got his passport and Ted Grant and Cass.
He's running.
Lucky.
Too bad he didn't hold up a big goddamn sign.
You know, saying the kill of the cold.
Yeah.
Like anybody with a brain doesn't know that?
Go, OJ.
Oh, he can run fast.
We'll see if the Hurst counter, OJ.
Isn't that what he said before he stabbed him, it only hurts for a little while.
Here's some rise.
Hello.
Hey, new.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
What do you do?
I know you're saying you don't get any black color, so you know, I'm trying to change
that now.
Okay.
But, um, that's what you're saying, how basketball, that's our sport is true, you know, and I'm
not going to stay here and deny it because you're speaking to choose just like hockey is
y'all sport, you know, that's right.
We got our sport, we got basketball, we got football.
Y'all got your thing and we got our thing.
Exactly.
So I'm not going to stay here and criticize you.
I mean, I listen to you just about every day.
I think you're funny.
Yes, sir.
I'm not going to take.
I'm not going to take everything you say to heart.
Just like all that stuff.
Don't take it to hard way, man.
Yeah.
Unless you want to, but use protection.
No.
And then all that stuff you say about OG is true.
You know, can you believe we got a whole bunch of assholes in this building that worship him
that got pictures of him up on the walls?
We got morons in this building.
They make me sick to my stomach.
Yeah.
I mean, I got bags.
I got no respect for OG anyway, even before the whole thing.
I bet you'd like to pull the switch on that piece of crap.
Yeah, it's all good.
But, you know, I'm going to try to get more black colors to call you show, right?
All right.
All right, man.
God bless you.
Yeah.
All right.
Woo!
This is the fly job, by the way.
What?
The fly host?
Well, a different kind of fly.
What's the worst, what's the thing?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, you're going to have to, I'm going to have to take some, I'm going
to have to take a few days off.
I'm under a lot of duress.
Well, you know the cold and all of that.
That must be it.
Got a head cold.
Yeah, head cold.
There's one good way to solve a head cold.
Just give it a good blow.
That'll do it every time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, clear out all that congestion and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, now I feel better.
You got some soup coming from our buddy Tonys, Brad, whatever.
How come a guy named Brad runs a place called Tonys?
Can you explain that to me?
Huh?
Every time you find a business, it's like itdies or use cars.
Hey, where's Eddie?
Oh, there's no Eddie here.
Heard the owner Tom.
What is that?
Why is it Eddie's use cars?
I don't know.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
All right, seven's got the disease.
Now, first it was lion 8.
Now it's spilling over to lion 7.
As Bell South continues showing their big fat
wrecked the entire world.
You guys suck, okay?
If we work for a real radio station,
then again, I'm not going to start getting psychotic
because I gave that up last Wednesday.
Just in time to get deeper while pissed off.
Yeah, I noticed he was sucking around there in a hallway
this morning.
See to my face, to my face, he's, you know,
sucky, sucky, sucky.
But on the ear behind my back, oh,
that near Rogers, he's a hypocrite.
He took my facts, man.
Yeah, you know, like a crybaby, like a little child.
You know, if I was ballooning up like he is
at the rate of 10, 15 pounds every week,
I'd be pretty upset too, you know.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Ballooning 8 to work for Diego.
Jesus Christ is he a monster in the business.
Hey, you know what?
There's no violent crimes and plantation.
It's those 12 walls around the neighborhoods.
By the time you get over those walls,
you don't feel like being violent no more.
That's the idea.
There you go, baby.
I'm a good day.
Okay, whatever he said, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
that's 400 open lines here waiting on you.
We want to hear from some black people.
We'd like to hear from some white people.
How about some goddamn Asian people, huh?
How about some Chinese people who aren't pissed off
about that accident they had over there
because they had a bad map?
I mean, I've heard some stories in my life.
That's the best one.
Well, we bought this map at the shell station
before we started our bombing campaign.
We got 20 countries involved here from NATO, okay?
But they couldn't find a map that's like up to date.
They got like an old thesaurus, you know.
See, that's what happens.
All you kids should learn out there.
You get realsaurus when you use an old thesaurus.
And that's what happened.
They thought they were bombing something.
And also it turned out to be the Chinese embassy.
They said, uh-oh.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Interesting story about the Gestapo
that run around in Metrogate County
calling themselves police officers.
Yes.
I was, I run a business out of a van
and I was visiting a customer this morning
and I pulled into a parking lot
where a police officer already had somebody
writing some business.
And he sat there and waited for me
to take my customer to my van to show him my wares.
And he says, uh, I need your driver's license
and your insurance and all the information.
And so I'm running a commercial business
out of a van without any markings.
I need to have my name, my address and phone number.
In three inch block letters across my van
so every criminal can see what I've gotten in my van
so they can come rob me.
Right.
And then the cop tells me, well,
they already know what you got
so they're very interested in you.
They're already watching you.
It's just amazing that we've got nothing else
for these cops to worry about.
Well, you know something I'm looking
on the violent crime list in Miami is number five.
We made the top five again.
Violent crime we're talking about.
And they got somehow they found time
at their busy schedule to nail your ass.
And then he has the nerve to tell me
that they sit at the home depot parking lot
waiting for contractors and people with different types
of businesses to load up at home depot
and they nail them there.
He actually told you this.
He told me that a lot of clips.
It was a dumb shwub but anyway,
if you could play the ERCT
either way, that would give me a lot of focus.
Okay, good luck, you're good.
And go learn some Yiddish.
We got a Jewish guy here, don't know his Yiddish.
Oh man, Schwarz just means black.
Okay, when you stop, Finsdair is dark.
Schwarz is black.
Let's start with the Yiddish 101
which is very much like Choi Min-2 by the way.
Isn't that interesting?
I mentioned that the other day.
It's a very fascinating thing that German
and Yiddish sound so much alike.
And yet, if you're Jewish
and you hear people speaking German,
the little tiny hairs on the back of your neck stands straight up.
This train is now in the hands of the German police.
Oi!
That was a scary moment.
I mean, just the way he said it.
Okay, you're leaving Netherlands where everybody's,
you know, open minded.
We like all of you guys here, even you Jews.
But now we're in Germany and everybody on the train is going.
Oi!
Like that.
24 noon at 5.60.
Of course, you can always crawl down that little hole.
Right out on the tracks.
Come in here as I'll show you mine.
We are EC, C-I-O-S.
It's a wreck sometimes.
I'm gonna kick off my shoes, drift off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you, yes.
A big, big wreck.
That's too big for my mouth.
I want it mercenary and a top of you.
And take it up my louver-cainted hoops to.
All right.
Give me an impact.
And nail me through the wall.
E-R-E-T-P-I-O-S.
I want a great scoreball.
I want your love and quality.
I'll be when you do your love me.
And that I'll give it a blow.
Here's a morning in just as big as this.
At least I'll tell you take up this.
I want a wrap on this around your clothing tube.
And make your wonderworm explode and explode.
That's a rare wreck.
And it's on a circle side.
All right.
E-R-E-T-P-I-O-S.
I want a great scoreball.
I already had a kiss to ground here.
Kissed a table for a cup.
And I haven't had a cool one in one.
About two years now, I would say a long time.
And it's great when you don't have a cool.
I mean, even if you have all those other things like the rash,
and I had all those things.
But having a cool, it's just not a major thing,
but it's annoying.
The scratchy throat, you know, and there's that.
Not only the scratchy throat, but how do you describe that
like a bad taste in the base of your throat?
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, it tastes like, like mucus, like, yeah, because it is.
And then of course, and you feel like any minute,
you're going to have like real loose bowels, you know.
Ah, just constantly that kind of squishy feeling.
And it's just not good, you know?
Sick enough to not feel great about it,
but not sick enough to be sitting on my ass at home.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm pretty damn good though.
I'll tell you for an old fart.
And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Callers suck as usual.
We've got a couple of calls today, have we?
A couple of good, huh?
One or two that had something to say.
Well, at Young Schwarzenegger, he was all right.
That brother, the fly boy.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I've been waiting all, I get a couple of months now,
patiently for you to talk about our favorite American city
because I'm going there next month.
What is your favorite American city?
Las Vegas.
There you go.
Yeah.
What do you mean you've been patiently waiting?
We talked about Vegas almost every day last week, I think.
Well, then it must be at a time when I'm not listening.
I got five nights, I'm going to spend out there to play.
And I wanted your recommendations for a few restaurants for dinner.
A few restaurants for dinner?
Yeah.
First class.
Oh, you've got to go to seizures.
What's the name of that great Italian restaurant in seizures?
Buckingham.
Buckingham.
Oh, that's not a meal, that's a feast.
Buckingham.
It's about the new Venetia, you know, anybody that's been in there?
No.
Well, the casino part is open, but it's still not.
Yeah, we had a call, I think, from some of you been in there,
but they opened the casino part first and then they're finishing the rest of it,
so I don't know.
But I mean, when you're there, you'll check all these places out, of course.
Well, I've got to see you.
Have you been to Mandelae Bay?
No.
No.
I heard the Venetia.
A couple of four collapsed there and killed some construction workers.
Really?
Maybe it's not open.
Yeah.
What about that?
A couple of weeks ago.
No, because that's not true, because it opened right on time.
We had calls from people who had been there.
All right, so we got Buckingham.
What else?
Yeah.
Ruth Kriss Steakhouse.
Okay.
Well, see, Georgia smiling.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Okay, let him smile.
Okay, so let me tell him the other place.
The Rosewood Grill.
All right.
Even though Ruth Kriss has better steak.
Rosewood Grill, I mean, they got great lobsters and steaks.
It's right on the strip.
It's right by the Imperial Palace, right up low north of that.
Yeah, whatever happened in your summer trip.
I went on it one time when that guy who set up the trip,
he had that cute little girl who was in junior high.
Maybe she's old enough now to start taking care of some business.
Yeah, I'll bet.
All right, I have a great time, pal.
Okay, you'll have a great time.
What?
Yeah, she's got a school.
Like I said, mind your own business.
We leave Bob Lincoln alone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pondley.
I feel like squishy.
You know what I'm saying?
Like any second.
Oh, to loose a lot of Dreck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0,
0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Another very ponderous Monday like all of them.
When you get upset, I'm not least upset.
In fact, I'm delighted that I could be here today because otherwise I'd be sitting at home
and I'd be doing brisk dang and all that, you know,
and that stuff makes you sicker.
Makes you, makes you worse.
You just have to fight your way through it when you're a real man like me.
You fight your way through these things.
You don't sit around at home feeling sorry for yourself sniffling all day.
Like some kind of a little pansy.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
How are you doing, sir?
I'm having another chicken in today.
All right.
You know, I was thinking, man, the white people
is the one that invented basketball.
Yeah.
Now we took it over.
That's right.
And one of all those white people was brought back.
Hey, the white man invented Detroit too, and then you guys took it over.
So thank the people around.
Those of you guys, kid, we'll be taking over hockey next, baby.
Yeah.
All right.
I'll be out of here just in time, I guess.
5'6'7'0'5'60", Pond 5'60".
In fact, Rob Niedermeier was on a player in their last night with Nikki Taylor.
And as he walked down, he had to think, hey, Rob, you think Peter Wrell is a real player?
And he said, no.
Actually, I didn't say word.
Now how come I did that?
I wasn't going to speak to him.
He must take me like poison, you know what?
See there, there are guys that are like, I got a sense of humor.
And then there are guys who are thin skinned.
He has the right to be upset with me, because I ripped him and asked Ne deserves it.
So I'm not going to pretend to put an act.
I mean, okay, so I bought the kid lunch a couple years ago, one day there, right?
It's Chilly's, Rimmer and Robby Neetermeier.
He's a nice kid.
He just don't have the heart for it, okay?
He just ain't got it.
I could have put on some phone.
He could have, hey, Robby, Nikki, how are you guys doing?
Great to see you.
That's just not me.
I'm just a quiet guy.
I sit there minding my own business with my eyes darting in all directions, making sure I don't miss a goddamn thing.
And I see plenty, believe me.
For example, I can't tell you that.
56670560, pound 560.
Now, I see you're never going to, that always is going to be in the recesses of your mind.
The essence will, you see, you pretend that it won't, but the fact that I know something that you don't.
There's a little bit of curiosity.
I'm sure there's this whole world.
What?
Things that you know that I don't know.
I'm really happy with that.
This one you would want to know.
And I can't tell you.
I don't care what's in there.
It was a guy.
Yeah.
That's not the point of it, okay?
But forget about it.
Here's a camera.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
I finally saw the Britney Spears video.
Yes.
On a one to four, I rate that a four tissue video.
Okay.
I had to take matters of my own hands halfway through.
Yeah.
Now, I want to talk to you about the hockey, about the broons halfway through the third game after the first two periods.
Buffalo started pinching Ed the Benjamin in.
The Benjamin?
The only had two.
The only had nine catch the first two periods.
How come the broons should stand having to get more shots if they pinched Ed the Benjamin?
What are you talking about?
How come they have to give him more shots?
You just won five to three.
That's one game.
What kind of a game in a half?
I don't know.
I haven't paid any attention to that.
That's small potatoes.
That's three.
But he needs small potatoes.
That's what I was just going to the cup.
Going to the cup.
They made weird a cup.
They're not going to the cup.
The Leafs are on fire, man.
Well, I hope you can smell it.
I think the Toronto Saturday night, sir, for two hours they were driving through the streets,
honking their horns, yelling, go Leafs, golewer and they're blue and white and the banners,
it was fantastic.
Well, I wish I could have been there.
Let me ask you, what was Toronto's record against the broons this year?
One and three.
Right.
No, three, oh and two.
Against the broons?
That's right.
No.
Three, oh and two.
They didn't beat him again.
Check it out.
Who won the three?
The broons won the three and it were two ties.
The last tie was on the ESPN two to broon.
But what does that mean?
What is the most of the Leafs record against the flyers during a regular season?
Everybody beat the flyers in the season.
No, no.
They know the reliefs were one and three against the flyers during a regular season.
They beat him in six.
Forget about those records during the season.
You know you're making things up now.
You're trying to rationalize.
You throw that off the window.
It's a new ballgame now, man.
Toronto gets to the cup with the broons don't.
Have a happy schmitty at your average.
And back to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What happened to the track, by the way?
Notice all those red wing fans have become very quiet.
Koma.
Koma, even they brought the Chris Osgood back last night.
Too late, the horse is already out of the barn, baby.
And at Patrick Frog, he slammed the door shut.
You can just see the red wing's gulping and gasping for oxygen now as they're going taking the pipe.
And good.
We don't want to see all these teams winning year after year.
We don't want any more dynasties.
We don't want any more four games sweeps in the finals.
Let's have a little bit of excitement.
Especially now that those big sparks have lost that basketball game yesterday,
that everybody in this town is so bad out of shape about.
What kind of a person with an IQ larger than his thumbnail gives a crap about the NBA, huh?
What kind of a white guy?
Like I said, I don't know.
Black people, they should like the NBA.
It's their people.
Those are their heroes, you know.
Zoe and Shwo, and whatever those guys are called.
Bow.
Yeah, how come all those black guys are all we do have.
We have both a camper, huh?
Both came back.
Kim back camper.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me say it again.
Yes.
Hey, just a couple of quick points about Atlanta.
Uh-huh.
A beautiful city in terms of the green.
We're naming them.
The 86 great restaurants.
I'm James Kinskin.
The most racially polarized city in the United States.
It's critical because it calls itself the cradle of civil rights.
My last point.
FOJ.
Later.
Okay.
FOJ.
That's what I say.
That's what everybody with a brain would say.
We despise OJ.
We're not related by OJ.
And we're not related even worse by people who admire OJ.
And what really makes me sick to my stomach is anybody who would ask for OJ's autograph.
That kind of a person should be deported and sent back to Venezuela and put up in the mountains there with all those barbarians.
That's the God damn truth.
Stuck is hitting here this morning like my good best lost buddy, you know.
Don't waste your time talking to me.
Go get OJ's autograph.
My autograph ain't worth nothing.
Okay.
Maybe OJ's autograph will be worth something one day.
Peace of scum, slime, lying, disgusting, murdering son of a bitch.
Oh yeah.
Can you give me OJ's autograph?
Well go ask.
Roll.
Close with him, okay?
And believe me, he's paying every day of his life with those oozing bloody stools.
See, I think he just made that up that that went away.
He's too embarrassed.
Because the Lord works in the mysterious ways.
And if you're going to, if you're going to concert with a murderer like that,
then the Lord is going to be pissed off at you.
And he's going to have oozing bloody stools for a long time until he mends his evil ways.
You know what I'm saying?
Till he stops consorting with the evil.
When's that God damn soupkin here already buddy?
It's here.
Oh, thank God.
Oh, just in time.
Just in the next time.
This is what my thoughts about ready to give out.
I'm almost ready to have you start playing those stupid songs that you got.
Like that.
Oh, that's some of that pretty good stuff.
Oh, the stupid song.
The stupid song.
I'm not talking about my music in general.
Yeah, well, I could be.
By the way, did I mention the Backstreet Boys were on Saturday Night Live this weekend and they stunk?
See, I'm not like you.
I don't, I tell it exactly the way it is.
What I really apologize for.
They were terrible.
They were awful.
And whoever keeps sticking them on there, I don't know what the deal is.
And Brian, you know, you got the best voice of the whole group.
You got range.
Every time there's a solo part that requires like a range, they always pick Brian.
He's got the best voice.
But every time he's on their live, Brian screws it up worse than anybody.
Come on, Brian.
Cut it out.
Before we chop your heart out again.
You don't even know what I'm talking about.
Good.
Four minutes to noon if you wait.
If you're not...
Don't forget to lay hands.
My hands are starting to fall.
Well, we're doing no real.
And I've got no fear.
Won't be nowhere.
No man's gone before me.
Yeah.
The fight for lip.
Get the move that's live.
Welcome.
The choir's face that leaves you empty.
The evil he's disgusted.
He said it's painless.
But like a safe man, I'll fangle in your ainus.
It's like a pain it's due to be.
The sweet and bitter eyes seem.
Your mood is shining on me.
It's like a penny to me.
Well, say, then, be brave.
The tongue's laughing, I just shave.
Make the hair of my dad stand straight up.
Now I'm a real super guy, but I'm tongue up in your hoover.
Please, I don't know if you're too sick to come.
I got a must-have fee to be fee.
My friend's called me in number two.
I heard you yelling, kaka, but I prefer you to.
It's like a pain it's due to be.
All right.
The sweetest lady, the rising.
The moon is shining on me.
It's like a penny to me.
Now, for the way that I say why this Arlen, I'm going inside.
Just me, I won't hurt you.
Things get not silly when I see rails or tattoos.
If I wasn't old, I would've not told rules.
When will I do?
Please miss feeling like a man.
You'll find it hard to sit down when I get done with your can.
It's like a penny to me.
Sweetest man's deriving.
Just the moon is shining on me.
It's like a penny.
It's like a penny.
It's like a penny to me.
There's only this one of these really elections, by the way.
Hello, 404 at 560 WQM.
We have a little countertops again.
We have unfortunate like I said before.
People are making progress very slowly.
The gear that you're in is so slow.
You have to live until about 500 until you ever progress into the real world.
I thought you said you had something for me to nibble on in there, by the way.
Is that what you said?
He already went home.
I had an answer.
Yeah.
And.
It's yours.
You've had a big meal meal and in any pasta.
I don't want to eat a whole lot because that I'll be in the way home.
I don't want to have that experience in my beautiful new car again.
I feel a little Lucy Goosey.
I was talking about somebody I don't want to mention the name yet.
I said, and Joe Katenen here during the break.
We were talking about this individual.
What was the first one he agreed to?
Pretty boy.
He admits there were guys who are pretty.
But the word beautiful, he cannot relate to.
He says, guys are not beautiful.
That would be my sitting here saying that women are not beautiful.
I don't understand how you can say, women are beautiful.
Are there statues that are beautiful?
Are there paintings that are beautiful?
Are there buildings?
Are there erections that are beautiful?
What Joe doesn't understand is how you can put a man's feet in your mouth.
He doesn't understand how you can even look at anybody's feet.
Much less forget about a man.
Let me say it again.
Here's the guy who shaves his nuts and he's got an anti-foot fetish.
He's never saw a foot that he liked.
Right?
Whether it was on his girlfriend, whether it was on like,
Britney Spears could come in right now, start naked.
If Joe happened to see her feet first, that would be the end.
He would go running out of the...
Screaming, puking his guts out.
That would be the end of lunch all over the floor.
We discussed that.
Britney Spears angle is not a fact.
Yeah.
Would you do her if you had to give her a big foot suction job?
And he said, no.
And here's the guy that's giving me advice on beautiful guys.
Here's a lady in Pepper Pine.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I have a message for you from Las Vegas.
Yes.
My husband and I were there last weekend.
And we took your advice when we went to the Rosewood Grill.
Right.
And the nature D there, because he's Marvin.
A great-haired guy with little spliny eyes.
Yeah.
We told him we were there because our friend Neil on radio told us about.
Right.
And you know what he said?
He said at least five people a month.
Tell him that he sent him there.
How do you like that?
And he said, tell him, please, please, next time you're there.
I will.
Introduce the time.
Yeah, I've built this up to a thing that I'm expecting your freebie next time I go.
I think you're going to get it.
Great.
Excellent.
I think so.
I want to let you know, because I promise him I call him tell you.
All right.
Now, let me be.
I four you go.
This is perfect that we got a lady on here after that conversation I just had.
Would you agree that there are men who are beautiful?
Yes, there are.
Can you name anyone?
A beautiful man?
Yes.
My husband's a beautiful man.
I mean, we don't know what your husband is.
Somebody asked for that.
And by the way, because I was looking at your conversation.
Like Brad Pitt.
Would you say that Brad Pitt is beautiful?
He's gorgeous.
There you go.
And my husband loves the soft toes.
So I was listening to that conversation and I totally agree with you.
All right.
All right.
See ya.
Bye bye.
She says her husband will always go, pins.
Her husband likes to suck toes is what she said.
567 rhymes with 567-0560.
It looks like I scammed a good free meal at the Rosewood Grill in Vegas.
It's a good place.
Big, big juicy steaks, gigantic lobster.
And they put like a, especially if you have a family with a bunch of little kids.
They put a whole show on.
They come in.
They take the picture.
They do the whole nine yards.
It's not cheap.
It's a pricey place.
But if you're going to Vegas, don't be looking for cheap.
If you want cheap, stick with your buffets.
One thing.
All you people want to do all of the buffets.
You lose a lot less muddy gambling.
Because when you're standing online, one and a half, two hours for every meal three times today.
It's all the less time you'll have to plunge your brains up to lose all that money.
For example, Robert Wagner.
You know Robert Wagner to catch a thief before his time.
Say the old guy, Robert Wagner, then he'll know that.
That old fart Robert Wagner, who was on to catch a thief on a TV, a cop show, and had horrible.
Who couldn't act as wet of a paper bag.
When he was young, Robert Wagner was a beautiful guy.
That's not debatable.
That's not Neil Rogers saying that.
In fact, what was the movie he was in, which they did later with Matt Dillon was in it.
The Philadelphia thing about where the guy killed his fiancee or whatever.
Remember that story?
You know what I'm talking about.
The original one, Robert Wagner's starting that.
Where he poisoned her and it didn't work.
And he got her up and had building with them through her off the edge.
So it isn't really important what the name of the movie was.
But Robert Wagner, when he was a very young man, was in that movie.
And anybody who could have seen it and said, Robert Wagner wasn't the beautiful guy.
It's full of crap.
It's very concerned, very nervous about their own sexuality.
Oh, by the way, did I tell you who I ran into?
Nine minutes past, known at 560 WQAM.
Video is sick and they caught badly.
The movie is a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
It's a very serious movie.
56670560
and by the way Leo is not.
Have you seen the things for his new movie too, Leo?
He should have been in Wizard of Oz.
He should have been in the scarecrow.
Here's the lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
It's a very serious movie.
I just wanted to say a congratulations to one of my friends who
was graduated from law school.
I know you typically don't do that kind of thing.
You go right ahead, Ronald, whatever you like.
Anything that kills a few seconds, we love it.
Well, I know he's one of your biggest fans and is probably
listening right now.
His name is Steve Oliver.
Yeah.
He just graduated from St. Thomas University on Saturday.
Right.
Nice going, Steve.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to Steve your boyfriend or something?
I use a friend of mine.
Are you married?
No, I'm not.
Okay, well I thought to see the way you responded to that.
I thought it might have been embarrassing because if you're married you said yeah, he's
also a boyfriend of mine that kind of make it embarrassing too.
But being a lawyer that's a good start, you know, that's if it isn't.
Nice going Steve, congratulations.
Thanks for giving me your air time.
And have a great day, Don.
Thank you too.
Bye bye.
Or what, Ron or whatever it was, Don or Ron or Zana Dana.
Where's my auntie Pasta, by the way, that you shouldn't be eating.
You can't be eating a big, big meal meal.
Speaking of a pasta, by the way.
What?
Just a meal no pasta.
So, what do you want to middle?
Cow killer.
So anyway, say you can have a meal meal.
You know, have you seen, I mean, I know he's a shameless, desperate, oh.
Have you seen the latest thing, the scan, the Richard Simmons has come up with now?
Well, he's got like the little logos of what you're supposed to eat.
Here's a picture like a drumstick and a picture of a baby cow.
I mean, I'm going to tell you something.
I thought I was telling you about that.
You said it was another deal of meal.
It is.
But I mean, I just, I guess we could go maybe last weekend.
I saw the infomercial for it for the first time.
How could any person, I mean, I know what fat people are desperate, but talk about exploiting desperate fat people.
Richard Simmons, you are a pile of walking crap.
You silly person, you.
You silly goose.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, great to hear you.
I'm here from Tampa, visiting from the land of Lasseter.
Oh.
Yes, I guess you know Jake.
Take at least three seconds for this guy to get that Lasseter crap out.
Yes.
I guess you know, obviously, Jake was bought out by a clear channel.
Right.
That's all of us.
That's the end of the topic of his shows lately.
Nothing but bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch.
Yeah, well we don't care.
We know nobody over here knows who that is.
Well, I guess maybe you might have those old geysers who listen to him back then.
Okay, well listen nice hearing from you and have a great day.
See, that's, that's all they can talk about when they call you here.
The Tampa people is blah, blah.
Lasseter.
Do we care about him?
No.
Is anybody over here?
No.
No.
No, I want to remember him.
Oh, you people from Tampa and you wonder why we went off the year over there?
Jesus, K.
Christ.
5667-0560-0.560 on the mobile one line.
Most of the guys who listen to this show, they would never, ever admit that a guy was beautiful,
ever under any circumstances.
So we made some very fast inroads with you.
Of course the fact that it was on this particular day is probably a reason for it.
Here is Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Nice to speak with you.
Yes, it is.
I was hoping that maybe you could clear something for me.
Where's my fourth show?
Clear something up for me, Neil.
I am a straight male, but as far as this thing is going on, I'm not aware enough for you.
With the conversation, with the conversation this afternoon, that I would assume that gay men look at other men the same exact way that straight men look at women.
No.
Well, what would it mean the same way?
Well, when I say the same way, they don't look at their breasts.
Well, obviously not, but as far as a straight man going, boys, you got some great knockers.
You'll hear a gay man say, boy, he's got a great ass.
I mean, it's...
I don't...
I never hear any gay guy say he's got a great ass.
I never hear that.
I'd say, I hear a straight guy say, he's got a great ass.
Well, I just thought that maybe that...
See, because there were straight people that invented that saying, piece of ass.
Gay people don't use that term.
At least I've never heard people use that.
Piece of ass.
Well, I'm just saying the way that straight men look upon women is being beautiful and gorgeous.
Right.
I think...
Or cute.
I mean, you can use these term.
Oh, describe anybody.
There's so many adjectives to describe it.
But I would think...
Just like I pull, I did last week on Ricky Martin.
Was he cute, beautiful, gorgeous?
And then the popular adjective was, Maddie Kong was the one I won out.
Overwhelmingly.
I would think that men look at men in the same way as far as straight men looking at women.
That's what you just said.
That's beautiful.
You know, what's wrong with the gay man saying that another man's beautiful?
I just don't...
Right.
Don't get it.
I don't either.
I think there's so many people over there.
Well, it's America though.
They're very uptight about that.
It just sounds, you know...
Unfortunately, it seems like everyone is America's so uptight about everything.
That's right.
Maybe that's why everybody's blowing each other's brains out.
They want to put blame on everything else except for maybe a little bit of themselves
and just the way that society is.
Yeah.
But as far as that hockey call, that was pretty terminal about the records during the regular season.
Everybody knows that the playoffs are totally and completely...
Well, this guy's trying to convince himself.
He's trying to talk himself into it.
And whether we play Buffalo or Boston, it really doesn't make a bit of difference to me.
And I really...
Well, as we win tonight, I don't want to have no game seven.
I picked Elie Stublin in the series in six.
I did it very objectively, very rationally.
I figured it would take a couple of games for them to adapt to the style that they play
and to get a real grip on how to control Yager, which is...
...Gevert's is doing a great job.
And I say, let's try it.
Why are we wrap it all up?
Yes.
I agree with you.
And I think that I think they will get it over with tonight because good teams do finish teams off.
There you go.
And I got to say that Detroit is looking like the Black Hawks.
I think it is the Black Hawks actually just in the Detroit...
You can hear those gagging, gurgling sounds, man.
They're just gagging on it.
And like I said, they had their two cups enough.
Let's move on to somebody else.
Better that we don't have to play them in the finals.
Exactly.
Have a great afternoon.
And back to you.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the mobile one line.
They're dancing in the streets in Toronto, baby.
Saturday night, they were dancing.
They were prancing.
They had their blue and white.
They were all fired up and pissed off and excited.
Just like this town, right?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, gee, he lost again.
I mean, Airbnb columned this town, turned on them like a rat.
They lose by one point on a last second shot.
They lose by one point and granted from what I'm reading about it.
It wasn't the prettiest of efforts all the way around.
They made some turnovers late in the game.
But nevertheless, they lose by one point.
And if they were to one by one point, the same guys like Dan LaBasterd and David Hyde run and Hyde,
and all these other ponies would have been, oh, hey, we, we, this.
And we, the champions of, you know, you're such a bunch of ponies parts of this town, man.
You can smell them 100 miles away.
God.
You can be driving up there in Fort Pierce or Viral Beach.
We probably have people in their cars listening to me all the way up there.
If you roll down your window and smell something real bad, that's one of the ponies parts,
wanting his aroma all the way upwind upstate.
Fony, Fony, baloney, Dan LaBasterd.
All you have the third rate.
That's why you're here.
You're third rate.
I happen to be first rate, but I also happen to be making a lot of money, so I'm trapped here.
You know what, reminds me of like at the end of Coach's Corner Saturday night, after the first period,
Coach's Corner ends and done cherry on TVC says, am I great or what?
And I thought to myself, you know something I feel the same way.
Do I great or what?
Uh-huh.
Damn right.
Here's Evan Chura. Hello?
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Great.
Two guys come to mind when you say beautiful guys.
One would be Carrie Grant when he was young.
No, Carrie Grant was handsome.
I don't know, the guy was perfect, you know.
I saw him on biography last week.
It was also a little...
I don't want to say it though.
Really?
I don't know.
They didn't say anything about that.
He's one in both ways.
All right, and the other one would be James Dean.
I mean that guy...
Oh, you're middle of my lungs.
Oh!
What do you want?
Hey, Lizard.
Listen, I'm a straight guy.
That's my opinion.
My golden retriever laid a beautiful stump in my law this morning.
All right, and what just like James Dean is a matter of fact, only it smells better.
All right, well.
And the other thing I wanted to say was, you know, I know Whammy is a new station
and I'm trying to get ratings.
They suck.
It makes me sick what they're doing with this OJ thing.
Yeah.
I understand that.
They're just perpetuating this...
And you know what I'm saying?
They don't understand.
They had the same backlash when they came on the air,
and they were back when they were butchering up my show on there,
in the beginning with all this South Beach,
Hoolie-Ow crap that they were trying to pull,
and they don't realize that 99% of South Florida isn't a part of that,
doesn't care about any of that, and resent most of that stuff.
And that's one of the reasons that nobody wants anything to do with that television station.
And now they're turning around because that doesn't work.
Now they're trying to latch onto OJ,
and they don't realize the backlash they're going to get from that.
Hey, great.
The people are going to be watching the OJ crap on there is our buddy...
Roll!
...and look here for OJ liquors we got here in the building.
Well right before the song you said the media is sick,
and you know what?
In this case they're a bunch of sickos, man.
It makes no sense.
Well screw OJ.
Got Chinele.
Alright.
Two Duluth.
Two Duluths.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We're looking for a list of beautiful guys today,
just a piss off Joe Castello.
Beautiful guys.
And don't tell me Ricky Martin.
I'm not talking about guys that have had 16 facelifts,
and it had to be butched up through a miracle of cosmetic wizardry.
Ricky Martin who's been reinvented.
I mean they must have had like a body transplant with him.
He's like a whole new different person right now that they're Ricky Martin.
He's been remade so to speak.
Here's a mobile and watch Palm Beach.
Hello.
How are you, Neil? How are you doing?
Great. Good.
I don't know. I just got into Colorado.
I haven't been listening.
I don't know if somebody's mentioned it.
They might have mentioned the horror all their last night.
No.
They're talking about the Columbine.
Shootings and he had a,
the, the panel of experts.
Yeah.
Joyce Brothers.
He had Don King.
Alan Dershward.
What a panel of experts this is.
Yeah.
Yeah. We don't have the problem solved by now.
I've not done yet.
He had Reverend,
the one, that other black Reverend, he's a,
Al Sharpton.
Al Sharpton.
And he had Rob Reiner.
I mean it's just a, a cast of characters.
And also Jerry Falwell.
Oh.
Yeah, that'll do it.
And then Paul Wells on there and,
for all those, what do you think we ought to do about this?
Well, we need to go back to the family lives and get the kids
and, uh,
get back to them.
Tinky Winky off the air.
And next thing in Alan Dershward jumps right in his shot
and starts saying, you know, he doesn't even address the,
for all those questions.
He goes right at Paul Wells and says that religion is the,
the culprits of, of all major,
uh, aggressions and, uh, you know,
well, anywhere, anywhere from the, uh,
inquisitions all the way up to, uh, what's going on?
God bless that Jewish boy Alan Dershward.
God bless him.
Oh.
There he's got a terrible book.
Yeah, there are any other sprotes,
but I just wanted to tell you that Dershward,
so he was the, you know,
perpetuating everything that you've ever talked about on the radio.
And don't forget, he also defended OJ.
Okay, thanks.
So it goes to show he's not all good.
27 past, note at five,
60s, just a typical lawyer, man.
He'll take money from anybody, no matter how many people they kill.
Really?
Are you still in the bathroom?
Yeah, mom, I'll be right out.
Little Willie Stanford just found something amazing,
and his life will never be the same.
God, he sure is in there, and off a lot.
Are you all right in there, Willie?
Oh, oh, both of us.
Coming soon to theaters everywhere.
It's all, it's.
When I found my dad's fornoes.
Willie, bring it off the clean-ex go,
and let's just deliver the floor.
Are you eating in here again?
From depressed and awkward teens
to the happiest guy in school,
Willie Stanford has found heaven in his father's hope chest.
Oh, it's okay, mom.
You and that go out.
I'll stay here and watch the house.
I don't mind.
When I found my dad's fornoes,
rated PG-13.
All kids, H-13 must see the still.
PG, pretty good.
1231 at 560 WQAM.
Here's a mobile informer.
560-70560.
A mobile one line.
What can you say about him?
He's an asshole.
That's the best you can do.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, first time call on me.
All right.
All right.
I just wanted to say that,
being a straight man,
I am a straight man,
like you would admire art.
Like, you don't have to be an artist
or an art dealer to go to art gallery.
And see a beautiful painting.
And I see beautiful men all the time.
Right.
And I'm straight.
And I just wanted to state that.
And when you see one, you're probably jealous.
Sometimes I have, yeah.
Yeah, because they're young.
That's right.
I got less use here for your,
for your frank and honest,
whatever you said.
Oh, right.
Okay, all right.
See, there you go.
We got a couple of them out there.
Not too many.
They climb into their show window here,
stuff like this.
Oh, see, he's trying to,
all I'm trying to do is open up your door.
And if you're reminded to get a little honesty out of people,
which in this country is a goddamn difficult thing to do.
It's almost impossible.
I didn't bring it up.
Jokas Stullos, the one that brought it up with his stubbornness,
because he insists on trying to stay in the stone age
and just slowly brick by brick
were trying to build a brain for this guy
and bring him into the real world.
Someone who's been so sheltered,
it's a miracle that he can find where to start shaving.
56670560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile informer,
hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. Good morning.
It's Robert L. Senior.
Listen, my son listens to you on the internet.
I'll fold the Colorado and fold the Heights.
Yes, sir.
He just graduated law school,
and I wanted to congratulate him through you also on the show
like the lady did for her friend.
Yeah.
I'm not Robert L. Junior graduated.
He didn't pass the board with the other 38% of the class,
but he listens to you,
involved him,
my other son Matt,
that's on a movie shoot with Woody Harrelson
and Las Vegas right now.
Also listen to you.
They introduced me to you years ago,
but I've been too busy.
This week I'm getting knee surgery on Friday morning,
so I wanted to call and say,
see if we can get Robert to call and bust your balls
because he's a golfer, man.
I tried to get into call you.
He's part of a country club set.
He's probably going to be playing golf.
He's probably busy whacking those balls around.
Okay, so God bless you.
You get off with your knee.
Okay, give him a new phone.
Okay, one call left on the board,
and I look into promising.
We got an hour, 26 minutes to go.
I thought we had a little bit of momentum here,
and then Joe Castello came in and ruined the show
with that pretty boy talk.
All that fag stuff.
You don't understand, Joe.
These guys get very upset when they hear that stuff.
They retreat.
They jump back into that room,
and they close that closet door.
Jam's shut and tight.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 60 on a mobile phone line.
Well, you don't understand,
and you look Monday.
These people are busy.
They're too busy to talk with you about these things.
Or any other goddamn thing.
That's right.
I understand.
I've only been doing this six to seven hundred years.
By the way, this launched,
maybe if you'll lock that or clean up my,
that's soup, clean up my throat.
Man, now if we only get a few calls,
I might actually come back tomorrow.
But I doubted.
No, I really doubted.
I feel like a real, real nasty head cold.
We want to lose your voice,
get that bad alert,
and drive this for three or four days.
And George has got all that great phone,
and he's a music he can play for you.
William Shatner singing loosely in the sky with whatever they...
Hmm.
Works for me.
There you go.
I'm fired and weary.
Yeah.
But I must tell off.
Give show.
The Lord comes to call.
He's got a week martin day.
Very good.
You know how he knew?
Because he had a runaway S.
Not that week martin day was a f***.
But it's just when you got that many teeth,
it's like he's got...
Seriously, he's got an enormous mouthful of teeth.
And sometimes the S's start like you're running away a little bit.
Runaway S gives you away every time, wink.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I thought you were a first time caller, long time listener.
Uh-huh.
And I don't think there's nothing wrong with gay people.
As long as they support the NRA and by lots of people.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
How did we know it was our friend little spiktor?
It always starts, airy call.
First time caller, long time listener.
And George and I always look at each other and not our head like there it is again.
And then he opens up his mouth and says,
some stupid pathetic little thing.
And he goes over to his boyfriend and they grab each other around their...
Correct.
And they do a little dance.
And he didn't call.
No, of course not.
But hey, it killed 30 or 40 seconds.
So I have a great life.
Okay, if you ever find one.
56670560.
0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Davy.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing?
See, those people don't understand.
I don't give a crap anymore.
So it's not going to rattle my cage.
I couldn't care less.
I got a whole new added dude.
Great, sir.
Hey, uh, beautiful.
I don't know.
It's just a little bit.
I can't call a guy beautiful.
Okay.
Well, that's good.
See, I like hearing this.
You can't go that far.
You could say he was handsome.
Well, well, I can use the term pretty.
Yeah.
But, uh, beautiful just sounds a little too, uh, like, like, like, like, like, like,
Maggie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something about that, I don't know.
And I'm still waiting for worldly manner to come across the line.
What, what, what's the deal with Maggie?
He, he tails it to a clock.
And of course, don't forget, I picked a filly and she's back in the barn.
I, you know, if I would have been thinking which I wasn't,
and you notice when Dave Johnson called on Friday and I apologized profusely,
all of, he don't care.
He's a good guy.
But I just, I'm not into it.
I haven't followed Thoroughbred Racing in several years now.
I thought I'm, I'm interested.
It's so little.
But if I would have really, because I, I did see the story.
The Chris Antley story.
And that's a great story.
And nobody is talking about it because the only people you'll hear talking about
are racing like when Hank comes out of two.
Great job again, Hank.
He did a super job on ABC on a pregnant.
Too bad they had so many audio problems, but that's not his fault.
But nevertheless, uh, he did a really good job.
But the, the problem is that the Chris Antley story was a huge human interest story.
That's the kind of story that the media almost always love to sink their teeth into.
But the only kind of people you heard talk about horse racing are a hundred years older than I am.
I mean, really old.
Because the pyramutials, like I've told you before, they haven't gone out and got any new blood in.
Old old dying off.
That's it.
That's very sad, but that's the way it is.
And then how about that jackass, by the way, that right in front of the field,
runs out on the track, that gook, that maniac.
That was his name.
I got that thing here somewhere.
The 22 year old man who stood on the track at Pemlaquas horses raised past him down the stretch.
Was being held Sunday on a first degree assault charge.
A correction official in Baltimore said Lee Ferrell of Bel Air, Maryland,
was being held at Baltimore's central booking facility, said Barbara Kuwait, said her and so on.
Maniac, I mean, it was one of the earlier races before the preteness.
And his lunatic is out there.
It runs out.
But drunk is a skunk out of his mind and stands in front of the field.
How the hell did he get out there?
First of all, maniacs.
This is the American FN way, baby.
Everywhere you go, there's crazy people.
So whatever you do, make sure that we preserve those fetuses because God only knows we got a real shortage of people in the US of A.
21 before 1 at 560 WQM.
Do we're of exploding balls?
Stop!
Oh, you're the only one here!
That's what's desirable!
Lout and hip is choosing to say again!
Stop!
Oh, you got your own!
That's what we pay for the ticket for the 2015!
We've been waiting for so many long to see the public in the past all day long.
That's why I do not like that at all to wait until I flip top fair out fair song.
Stop!
Whoa, you got your own!
That's what I'm excited for!
He's your only Wendy's younger kid again!
Stop!
Whoa!
Huh!
That's what I'm looking for!
Whoa, there ain't no earwalks!
Stop!
Whoa, whoa, yeah, yeah!
That's what I'm looking for!
We've all got to see the public again!
Stop!
Whoa, good guy, Joe!
Wish I was a Jedi!
Bring on the song trooper!
Oh, yeah, thanks.
I'm sorry.
That's what I was going to live up to, guys.
And the summer until I was wide to K-history movies come up.
Anyway, the movie I was trying to think of before I kissed before I'd died.
The original was Wabberwagoner.
And the sequel was the mediocre Matt Damon.
Matt Dylan.
Did I say Matt Damon?
Like I said, mediocre.
Anyway, I got somebody for the beautiful category.
And if there's anybody who can dispute this, I don't care how much it's going to hurt your machoness, okay?
And because, and what got me thinking about this, I was thinking about Black Guys.
You know, Black Guys who are really homophobic.
And I mean, they're destined.
That macho thing almost as much as Julios.
And I thought, Black Guys, I can come up with a perfect guy for beautiful.
And that's the guy that plays Malcolm on a young and a horny.
Do we know what his name is, by the way, which is so beautiful.
He's also a model on the side, run his back, run his spectrum, or something.
Do we know what his name is? Malcolm?
Yeah, I used to.
No, we're used to.
Now, he's beautiful.
I mean, I've heard of the millions.
Could anybody debate that?
Is that a debatable point?
The most macho guy in the universe, even John Wayne, if he could be here today,
whose middle name was a Gladys or whatever it was, even John Wayne would say,
yeah, that's a beautiful guy.
He would say that Marion.
Wasn't that his name?
Marion?
This first name.
Marion, Gene, that's kind of like a John.
What is it?
Jose Maria.
It's an Anglo version of Jose Maria.
Marion, Sally, Wayne.
How come another of these say next?
Am I missing something?
There's not any of them.
Well, here's a mobile of Pebrik Pines.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The word is handsome.
No, I think I.
Yeah.
Anytime, I think anytime that you delve into the words of beautiful or pretty or attractive,
even, is pushing it, I think, a little bit is, I think it should be a little bit.
What?
Are you attractive is pushing it?
Well, it's borderline, like attractive.
Like I'm attracted to that person because, you know, I'm coming out of the closet.
No, that's not what it means.
No, attractive just means pleasant looking.
Attractive doesn't even mean all that great, you know?
It's not the fun.
It's not the fun.
Usually attractive, you would say that's like saying if somebody gave you a meal and they
said, well, how did you like it?
You said, well, it was different.
You know, that would be a way of saying it sucked, but it was a polite way.
So attractive is like not very good, you know?
Well, if you're talking super masculine and you're worried about coming out of the closet or letting people know.
Yeah, yeah, but I don't know.
But Malcolm on a young and a horny who's like a body builder and I mean, a muscle bound and a hunglock
and I could you write from what they tell me?
I mean, this guy, you couldn't possibly consider him being, I guess you could.
He's attractive.
If you get into the terms of beautiful, you're talking, you're talking, you're talking as a female form.
You are.
Well, how come if I say a woman is beautiful, I'm not talking like a straight guy?
Hey, maybe you like the women too.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
You're really pushing it down, man.
You're really delirious.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, do you see?
He backed himself into a corner just like Joe did, only Joe snapped out of it immediately when I threatened to tell that story.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, do, pound, 5, 6, do you want to mobile one line?
I feel like I'm an agrofault today.
I got the whole world over a barrel.
Well, I'm making a big comeback, you know?
What am I doing that so good?
Is it that coax you 10 that I'm taking?
Is that what it is and all that other good stuff I'm taking?
That might be it.
Am I losing any weight?
No.
Here's that Ventura.
Hello.
Hi, I've got three selections for you.
Jan Michael Benson.
Brett Michaels from Poison.
And I've got the two guys from Millie Vanille.
Yeah.
Yeah.
First of all, Jan Michael Benson was never beautiful.
He was like rugged looking, right?
Huh?
He was handsome.
But you wouldn't say he was beautiful.
Beautiful is like a step away from pretty.
I don't want to say pretty because pretty boy.
You know what pretty boy?
What that connotes?
Don't you know what pretty boy?
We know what that means.
Like pretty boy Floyd.
56670560.
But they sure could sing.
Could name Millie Vanille?
No.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
See, I never really thought about this that much until Joe came up here and opened up a mouth and made some stupid comment.
But I don't know.
John Stamos.
Blackie?
No.
Not beautiful.
Hot.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Pretty good.
You know what?
In your whole debate, a good looking guy.
A good looking guy.
A good looking girl.
That's right.
And there's nothing wrong with her.
Manamites or womanamites or whatever.
Hey, when you're good looking, everybody knows it.
And everybody's jealous, too.
Yeah, that's true.
Guy goes into a singles bar and sees some hot numbers singing there at the bar.
And she's two more seats down as the guy that looks 100 times better.
He's thinking about.
He's thinking to myself, God damn it.
Look at that guy.
I got no shot.
Right, exactly.
Well, let me tell you a quick, just curious subject.
Massive accident of a palmetal, A36, road work on a 102nd and A3 Southwest.
And, and, you know, I feel bad every time I hear in the news that a good cop gets hurt or whatever.
But that must be like a 2% of the police population.
Because they've got three porters hitting on a 102nd and A3, getting there while all this construction works going around.
Yeah.
And they got a car, but just a white truck, no signage on it, anything blocking the left turnling.
I get behind it.
I notice it's got its blinkers on.
I go around it.
You were the sworn that I killed a family of 19 homeless people.
I mean, they just went ballistic.
Yeah, I thought they were going to start shooting at me.
Really?
Yeah.
Go and break.
You idiot.
Moron!
I mean, it was unbelievable, Neil.
Yeah.
And I, you know, I really got pissed off.
I lowered my window.
I said, why are you screaming at me?
There's nothing here to indicate that I can't make a left.
Shut up!
So close to me!
Go straight!
I mean, hysterical.
Just hysterical.
If they would take that much energy into overtaking.
Maybe we don't have to have Miami number five on a list of my own pride.
First of all, you don't need three guys.
I think you know what it was.
I interrupted their story.
They were sitting there talking.
And if you take that energy and you put those guys into overtown, Liberty City.
Little Haiti.
Yeah.
Anywhere like that.
I'd like to see how tough they are there.
First of all, they're not that tough because they're never there.
And it's just unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Okay, don't do it again.
Okay, Neil.
Five.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Count five, sixty on a mobile one line.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello?
What?
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
I was wondering what's up with that.
Where is the station?
Do you believe that?
Do I believe what?
Desperate is the word you're looking for, sir.
Desperate.
Exactly.
Desperate and stupid.
How to turn off the public in one easy lesson.
They know how to do it.
Yep.
What's the only thing they got?
What do you think about the NBA coverage?
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Count five, sixty on a mobile one line.
Let's go to a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I'm a first time calling Julio.
And I just wanted to say that.
You want to say, buddy, going, but that being said, I think a man could admire a beautiful looking
woman.
Right.
I don't have a problem saying that.
I think when guys in America, they think that if you admit that, that you're admitting that you have a lust, you can look at something and say that it's beautiful.
Doesn't mean that you want to have sex with it.
Well, I'll tell you what.
What's even better than that?
You can see a tree that looks beautiful.
Doesn't mean you want to go up to it and hump it.
Necessarily.
Absolutely.
Right.
But it's always a good excuse when I have an opportunity to look at a good looking man and I'm with my wife.
That way she doesn't give me a hard time when I look at all the good looking women.
Right.
Well, I have to try next time.
Say, boy, look at that guy.
Isn't he beautiful?
Exactly.
And good luck in your new marriage.
Okay.
Hey, look at that one call up to the board and it's a traffic report and that's it.
Boy, that's good.
I wanted to get a lot of music here.
I wanted to get on the day.
You know something I shouldn't be eating this.
Because I'm telling you, I was borderline already.
What?
I'm on the edge.
I'm right on the edge.
I am so close to a...
Oh.
I mean, this is very good.
Thank you, Brad, over at Tony's.
But...
I shouldn't be doing this.
5607-0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a traffic report, mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, I got more than a traffic report.
But this is like a parking lot here by the 836.
Yeah.
By the airport?
Yes, sir.
I'd been like 45 minutes into it.
And I still don't see the end of it.
Oh, great.
I don't know if it's got something to do with a palm handle thing.
But man, I think like Tony airplanes actually take off already.
Listen, I got the definition of the difference.
It's in beautiful and handsome.
Okay.
I'm going to make it all simple for you.
Yes, sir.
If you take a guy...
I'm going to...
And you can actually...
You put a wig on it and a lipstick.
And it looks like a woman.
That's a beautiful or pretty guy.
No.
Yeah.
A handsome guy, even if you put a wig on it, a lipstick
just still looks like a guy.
Might look like a guy.
Yeah.
It still looks like a guy.
That's a handsome guy.
I think you're wiggling out.
Okay, good luck, pal.
You don't need it.
Okay, he's wiggling out.
I can't imagine putting a wig on Malcolm.
Can you?
No.
No.
5670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
See, most of the guys that I've seen in my life that I would say were beautiful.
I'm worried about not celebrities.
In other words, you know, I don't know the name.
I would like to know the name, but I don't know the name.
You know, they're initials sometimes.
Sometimes I know initials, right?
See, you want to start engine to that territory now.
You're the one that always says to me, you chase him away.
You all over the years, you've always said that.
You chase him away.
I'm minded my own business.
I'm not opening up my mouth and trying to get anybody all panicky.
He was real friendly in there this morning, laughing in my material when I was yucking up with D-fo.
He knows who it is.
Believe me.
You normally don't hang out over there.
Why?
Well, I'm going to be hanging it out a lot right there on the window.
I'm going to be like that.
Right up here.
That's right.
Give him just a little subtle hint.
Yeah.
That's right.
Why the hell not?
You're in here, drooling with Shannon the other day, getting her bending down on the floor here, bending over for all kinds of stuff.
Oh, hey, Shannon, you see that stuff way down here on the bottom shelf?
Let's get that all straightened up.
No, there's nothing to back in the back.
Yeah, way in the bottom in the back.
That's right.
Right.
God, talk about doing deep knee bends.
So I'll be hanging out over there a lot more.
I need to go bond with my good friends on a worse team in the morning.
Check out what's going on in that other control room.
I asked our program director this morning.
I said, who hired the intern?
He ran out of here like a bad out of hell.
He flew out of here.
I guess he was anxious to go back and bond with his new desk.
1255 at 560 WQAM.
Let me tell you who I am.
My heavy boy, daughter Dale.
It's the water to tell our...
Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word...
...f*** out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F.
F*** is the only word that is referred to as the F word.
It's the one magical word.
Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love.
F*** as most words in the English language is derived from German.
The word flicking which means to strike.
In English, F*** falls into many grammatical categories.
As a transitive verb, for instance, John F*** surely.
Its meaning is not always sexual.
It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f***ing work.
As part of an adverb, surely talks to f***ing much.
As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is f***ing beautiful.
As a noun, I don't give a f***ing.
As part of a word, I'm so f***ing loosely or in f***ing incredible.
And as almost every word in a sentence, f*** the f***ing f***ers.
As you must realize, there aren't too many words with a versatility of f***ing.
As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ing to use carl art.
This may or f*** it.
Trouble, I guess I'm really f***ing now.
Aggression, don't f*** with me buddy.
This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself?
I'm sure you can think of many more examples.
Say it loudly and proudly.
F*** you.
Hey back catch, okay, one o'clock exactly right on the nose at 560 WQN,
the Hank Goldberg show from Shoolestake 2 coming up at 2 o'clock.
Here's an interesting fact.
It says, sorry Neil, I was the guy who sent you the facts and said you were stupid and brought up military time.
I wanted to apologize for the personal insults.
Living in the state must be taking its toll on me.
I must need a 12 step program for assholes it says.
Florida sucks in sort of the panthers for raising their ticket prices.
Sorry again he says.
This was one of the guys that was sitting out there laughing at us and just amazing how stupid we were.
Stupid, how do you like that huh?
And then all of a sudden the NASA scientist came in and everybody else with a brain was saying exactly the same thing about that millennium thing.
And then it thought that I was stupid.
Yeah until we got those facts and realized what a brilliant guy he was.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, him.
Shemar, oh this is Shawan but that's close.
Thank you Mike but you're a little bit off.
Shemar Moore.
That's the correct name for the guy who plays Malcolm on the young in the horny and believe me he is beautiful.
I don't care whether you're a fag.
I don't care whether you're a number one or a number six on a Richter scale.
I don't care whether you're a number one or a number six on a Richter scale.
I don't care what number you are, okay?
Beautiful.
Am I right?
Even George agrees who is about his...
It's not a word that usually comes to mind with us but there's nothing wrong with it.
What do you mean with us?
With great people?
I didn't say it to word that necessarily comes to my I said but it's possible you can say that.
It's accurate.
It's accurate, that's right.
Even though you're being in this country as long as you've been most of your life you're hung up about it and you don't want to say it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
Of course, I call her to tell her I'm not coming for lunch tomorrow, and she's got to always come back with us, our cast to come back, right sweetheart? Always come back with a real sarcastic comment, even though I said I wear a nice check for Mother's Day. I mean a nice big fat check that she wasn't expecting. Maybe you're right around too much. All or usually the word is Shmory around anybody out there know what that word is. No, a nice Yiddish word which I think she made up. Shmory around. As in stay in the house, lock the doors and don't ever go out outside again.
As opposed to G. I hope you're feeling better. Take some chicken soup and I'll see you next week. As opposed to just that, there's always got to be the obligatory shot. You know what I'm saying ma? You know what I'm talking about ma? No, G. No, G. No, G. No, G. There's always got to be that obligatory crap to make me feel like I'm some kind of a useless piece of turd and I hope you enjoy the check. Here's the lady in candle. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes ma'am. We enjoy your show. And my son has a, he likes to say.
What's the notion of the book alright? Okay, thank you. Oh, that was beautiful. What's the, what's the, what's the way? Kids are I think it was the notion in the bad school? 5 6, 7 0 5 60 pound, 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I want to find out from the people in this audience. If their mother is nudgy and nag them as much as my mother does. If they're perpetually constantly nudging and nagging. You never no matter what you do do the right thing. If you're always you know what I'm talking about.
George knows what I'm talking about but he don't want to admit it because he don't want
to talk about his mother and I can't say that please.
Oh but talk away.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Oh Neil.
Yes sir.
Long time first time.
I'm going to make it live in Fort of most of my life.
And I'm on.
Thank you.
I want to just one thing about the cops down here.
Now go ahead.
I think majority of the cops that are out here with the type of kids at high school that always got picked on.
They always got feet upon.
And now they want to turn it around and take out their frustrations on the rest of us.
Exactly.
I think majority of cops are there.
There's a little true cops out here anymore.
Just a few.
Just a few.
Just a few.
Listen to this show.
Okay.
Is that it?
That's it.
I guess that was it.
Okay.
Probably just got a ticket.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got a hundred different things cooking, percolating on the stove here today.
Is this audience in any of them?
Are they in anything?
No.
Oh well it's Monday.
You don't understand.
I'm sick of fricking Mondays.
Okay.
I almost said the whole of the FU word right there.
I almost did.
And you know something I wouldn't have dumped it either because it was in a moment of emotion and passion.
Do you believe that?
No.
Not times good though.
Tired of these crappy goddamn Mondays.
I'm tired of coming back to town on a plane on a Sunday evening and looking outside that window and seeing the light of the city and realizing that city is here.
And knowing that I'm going to be walking through that goddamn jetway into a sweltering humid sweat box known as Miami.
And then sitting here on a Monday morning doing my goddamn best to do my duty.
Soarth's wrote and all.
Soarth's wrote and cold.
You want a medal or something is at it?
Sure.
God damn right.
I want a medal.
What's the date today?
By the way, 17th.
Let's see.
We come to the 24th.
We come to Mars.
Payday.
Like I said, let's keep moving along.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
By the way, every guy that calls in your four or Kratzio.
That's what they said.
Why?
He heard the one guy say Hansen.
Oh, he's been listening.
Like I said, they didn't all say it.
But they will.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Clanel.
Yes, sir.
Two things real quick.
The FU car that he just played is one of the greatest George Carlin bits ever.
And that George Carlin did that originally 10 years ago.
100 years ago, right.
Did you check out Michael Russo's column, yes, say, about the creases and hockey?
Oh, yeah.
You know, he's quoting Brian Murray on this whole thing.
Like Brian Murray is a genius.
Brian Murray was one of the guys that helped him put this thing in the first place.
And he says they should melt the ice and play with an ore.
I'm going to tell you something.
Michael Russo is such a...
You know, I don't know how he's got time to even talk to Brian Murray because he doesn't miss a feeding.
You notice how he's another one.
He's ballooning up like a cow.
I was just going to say, why would he put his picture in a paper?
He looks like he's on helium.
He is.
They stuck a bicycle pump up his rectum.
Back to Toronto.
Yes.
I'll do later.
Okay.
What is he saying?
What does this man talking about?
Do you have any ideas?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
There are words.
I'm hearing words.
I'm having a little bit of a difficult time putting them together in a coherent cohesive sentence.
Do you understand what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
So let's get back to the year 2000 thing.
Oh.
All these people on Friday are...
And not just arguing or debating like for fun, but they were pissed off.
Pissed off.
They were adamant.
They were militant about it.
And you wonder why people in America blow each other's brains out or kill each other with a party.
And they were like,
I'm not talking about baseball bat over a goddamn parking spot.
Angry.
Just like somebody said,
weren't you the one that was telling me about the kids that come here, the exchange students?
Yes.
And they see all the material things that American kids have got and how easy their lives are by comparison with most of the rest of the world.
And they always ask,
what the hell are all these kids so angry about?
What are you American so effing angry about?
Beech the hell out of me.
Why can't they all become cool and collected like me, God, damn it.
I'm not angry.
Here's Carl Spring, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Couple things.
I'm the, uh,
Ben Boat of Corsair once in a while.
I'm the guy that weighed 610 pounds back in July.
Yeah.
And I just hit 390.
Great.
But I listen to you,
when you talk about food,
I just reverse it, you know.
Keeps away from me.
Right.
You know, uh, beautiful.
First of all, I have three boys.
And that's all I do is tell them how beautiful they are.
And then my son don't say,
no, I'm handsome.
I said, no, you're beautiful.
Well, how old is he?
40.
Yeah, at least 15.
I guess 15, 12 and 6.
And the 6th one, he's the 6th year old.
He's the one who keeps saying,
damn, I'm not beautiful.
I'm handsome.
I just know you're beautiful.
But you know, you were talking about Robert Wagon.
I mean, don't, don't most parents think their kids are beautiful?
I don't think they are.
That's wrong with that.
It takes a better man to say somebody is beautiful than that.
But you know, you were talking about Robert Wagner.
Yes.
And you know, there was still shots they do when I just when it first came up and everything.
Right.
Because I watch a lot of the old black and white movies, you know.
Robert Wagner was beautiful.
He was.
Robert Mitchell, when he first came out, was beautiful.
You know, they had these pictures of them and everything.
Robert Wagner, one of the first things he started with Rita Hayworth,
I can't think of the title of it.
But he was a soldier and she had lost her legs or couldn't use her legs,
lost use her legs.
She was playing a singer.
And I was one of the first movies you came out.
And that movie he was, I mean, you could say how beautiful he was in that movie.
Yeah.
He was beautiful.
Yeah.
And the mother thing, 46 years old, wife three kids won't leave me alone.
I'm so glad I'm not the only one.
You know, you know, you know, you've only got to get this own yet.
I can't take this crap.
You know, what do you do?
I have come to do that.
Yeah.
There you go.
The bottom line to it is, be smart.
We're dumb.
You understand?
That's a mother's attitude.
She's smart.
Everything she does is smart.
Whatever we do, we're dumb.
Doesn't matter what it is.
That's right.
You know?
Okay.
I have a good day, pal.
And back to you.
There you go.
There's a guy that made some sense that can relate to what I'm talking about.
The rest of them are like, eh, little, little like that.
The two of them, as you play with their tinky wings.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, eight.
All five, sixty.
Phnom, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
You see me on the hallway tomorrow and about a quarter to ten.
Standing with my face up against the glass.
You ain't got to my tinky winky.
You'll know the reason why now anyway.
And maybe beautiful.
I'll have something to do with that.
See that's bad, you got me going to this whole thing on a year now.
Yes you did.
Let's, let's blame me.
That's a good excuse.
You okay.
Gonna bang you in the butt, honey.
Tonight on the Triple X vile,
Agent Big Rocksmolder tries to convince female scopes to stick to a true way.
Come on, Haneel, you know we made a vow to explore everything.
Your last but elect operation left me handcuffed in a tear to a tree in the middle of nowhere for seven hours.
That was an accident. I got distracted.
Shacing through the woods to catch that deer because you wanted to see what it's so alive,
does not tell as distracted that's just said.
Oh, give me a break. Can we freeway or not?
I'll bet VJ Skinner would love to explore Yacht Third's adventure.
Well, okay. But the moment you ask me to put a plastic bag over your head, it's over.
Best of night on channel 69 at the Triple X-File.
Speaking of that channel, by the way, here's the fact that it says,
perhaps that bald, egotistical, kike, Maddie, Leshin would like somebody to butcher his family and gut them.
Then we could take the person I did it and put them on whammy and act as if it's all fun and games.
And yes, it says, my mother was a huge, puss-filled, rotting, stinking, infected pain in the ass.
Nag, nag, nag, it goes on and on. What's for my brother?
Must be, yeah.
Nag, nudging, nag, no matter what you do.
Why couldn't you do this? Maybe you run around too much, maybe you're too much smoring around.
Whatever the hell that means. I think she made it up.
Seriously, a lot of times I'll use words that I think are Yiddish and people say,
huh? Boss? Because my family, they're very creative. They just used to make a lot of words up.
567-0560, pound 563 on the AT&T wireless.
I'll tell you another guy that was beautiful. Dead. He's dead now for many, many years.
Brandon DeWilda.
Oh, don't tell me you don't know who that was. He was in the movie All Fall Down with Warren Beatty.
The one I used to talk about all the time with Carl Maldon with the big nose and Warren Beatty.
I just can't picture him. I'm sure I...
Brandon DeWilda. He was beautiful.
And he was also when that movie was a John Wayne, that cowboy movie, the year with an S.
I can never think of the name of that movie.
Not a shame. A shame.
The little kid? Well, he was a little kid, Dan.
I am a little kid. He's not a real leader.
Okay, yeah, shame with Alan Ladd.
Alan Ladd. There you go. And then the prequel was called Parshaen.
567-0560, you don't even know what that means in your life.
No. It's another funny. It's another Yiddish word.
It means the funniest better language I've ever heard.
567-0560, pound five-sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Davy. Hello.
I know how you're doing.
Does your bomb have the habit of saying what you did 20 years ago?
No.
Oh, my mother is a pain in the ass.
The minute she calls, she brings up stuff that I brought up 20 years ago.
Yeah. No, my mother usually repeats over and over again,
which he told me 20 minutes ago, and that's 10 years ago.
Repeat over and over again.
That's just as bad.
And you know who was gorgeous when he was young?
Yeah.
Charlton Castan.
Okay, okay. Thank you for rooting the show.
Okay. Oh, my God.
You son of a bitch.
Okay, one call left at the end of the board. That's it.
I guess I can go home now. I did my job for a Monday.
Pretty good under the circumstances.
567-0560, pound five-sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Nearodgers, banks for calls on 560-WQAM.
Wait till the hammer comes on it to a clock.
And those heat calls start coming in.
Oh, my God. What do we get to do?
You'll see.
One thing about this station, man, there's no shortage of those calls from those same idiots,
those same lifeless nerds, a very young Florida Gator theme.
You know the ones I'm talking about.
That's all they know. They live it.
They sleep it. They breathe it.
And they haven't got any idea what they're talking about.
That's the best part.
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pine. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Since we all voted on talking about religion, I was going to bring up something.
I'm a Catholic cracker. I'm 23 years old.
I went through Catholic school kindergarten to 12th grade.
And the only good thing about it was in the middle school.
And the only good thing about it was we used to work funerals that the parish I was at
there would be like five or six deaths a week.
And we get silver dollars from the funeral directors.
That was the only cool thing that came about all the way.
And I just like to say to that one thing, I'm going to die if Brett Warner gets a cup.
Take it easy, Neil.
He's playing good.
He's playing real good.
Brett Warner there. He wasn't good enough for us.
All these other guys that are playing good.
Marty Strocker, Brett Warner.
Not good enough for the Panther organization.
Jason Woolly.
Just calm down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line, if this was any kind of a town, when Joe Costello just as a side as a throwaway,
when we got involved in that conversation about beautiful looking men, there should have been at least women should have been calling it on this show,
with a list as long as your goddamn, that's right arm.
But not in this town.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
You know something you become, you become like the town.
And when you live here long enough, you become exactly like what the town is.
I reach the point now where I become like, almost a recluse.
You know what I'm saying?
Even I go on these trips on the weekend.
I see people that I recognize.
I don't even speak to them because I'm like, I don't know what it is.
My growth has been stunted at the very advanced age.
Not that I was ever some bubbly effervescent outgoing person.
That isn't my personality off the air.
But I was never like a recluse.
But now it's like, I feel, you know, I feel like I'm Miami.
I live that I breathe it.
It's in my pores.
I can smell it.
Here's Carl Sprang.
Hello.
Hey, Brandon DeWalb was also in David and Lisa.
Wasn't that his most famous movie?
He wasn't in that movie that was cured delay.
Oh, it was?
Yes.
Oh, you know, if I, if my mother said that, and I told her she was wrong, she would say,
well, I'm just stupid.
What can I do?
Yeah.
Exactly.
God bless you, sir.
And good luck to you.
You'll need it.
What is it with mothers?
They mean well, see, we always have to say that it's kind of like a disclaimer.
But your mother does not mean she was an evil rotten bitch.
Okay.
But in my case, my mother thinks she means well.
Let's put it that way.
She thinks she means well.
But in the meantime, nag and noji and noji and noji never, never let up for a second.
Did you see that nice planter I put in the house?
No.
You don't even know what's going on in your house.
I'd be honest with you.
I didn't know there was all that much going on in my house to be very upfront about it.
But she's got all kinds of stuff that's going on there.
Then I have no idea it's going on.
But she knows.
Here's a mobile Intel Ray B.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Beautiful man.
I got a few things for you.
Beautiful man.
Remember the actor from the 50s Jeffrey Chandler?
Yes.
Jeffrey Chandler.
Wasn't I thought he was a very sweet guy.
Really good looking, yeah.
And also did you see 60 minutes last night?
No.
Well, because they had Sean Connery and they showed him as a young man.
And he was, I would say, quite comely also.
I'll tell you who was an outstanding look in man when he was young, which most people here probably never saw as William Holden.
I only think of him as like a craggy face middle age guy.
Right, right, exactly like in network.
But maybe a couple of years ago, I saw some old black and white movie from the early 40s that he was in.
I even mentioned to my mother speaking to mothers.
I said, well, that William Holden was a good looking guy when he was young.
She said, oh, yeah, you stand a crush on him.
He was something.
Yeah, he was.
And whilst you were away not this weekend, but the weekend before in the Sunday paper, they had an article.
And I sure kept it, but I didn't.
But they had an article about a scientist who was reconciling the who was making attempt to reconcile the.
Evolutionist and the Bible.
Oh, yeah, they've been doing that forever.
And they make up a sequel.
And they had all they had all.
Look, you can't have it both ways.
If the Bible says that God created the universe and the earth and the day and the night and the sun and the moon and the stars.
And then he created Adam and then he decided he needed the woman and he took his ribbon.
He made Eve.
You can't you can't fill in the blanks.
That's it. That's the name of the game.
He invented man first.
You can't have a prequel to that.
Okay. They're trying to stick in their own prequel is what they're doing.
I mean, it was so absurd.
I mean, and this is a guy, you know, all these jackasses that keep quoting from this ridiculous book.
All you got to do is read that first couple of paragraphs.
They're a Genesis and you realize that some idiotic men wrote this crap and you throw it in a wastebast.
You're where it belongs.
You put it in the trash.
Exactly.
Not even a good novel.
And another newspaper headline that struck me was when they wrote the story about that for a woman that was dragged to her death in Delray.
Right.
At the Delicatessen there.
The headline banner over the article read, pro football dream squashed.
Yeah.
Like, you know, we're talking about a shame.
Isn't that a shame?
Yeah.
My wife and I were talking about that and we said, you know, what do you do with these kids?
You know, the mother of these boys.
Scumbags.
Scumbags.
Right.
You know, my wife said she said put them to sleep.
And finally, the last thing I have for you is an idiotic, a geobinic.
Okay.
Zagizan.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I want you to know that I started listening to you after my 84-year-old aunt told me you're the
only person in Miami that makes people think and isn't it a shame that it's a lost art?
Yeah.
And I thought that was a lovely quote for you.
Well, of course in Miami you can't lose it if you never had it.
That's true.
That's what she said.
Isn't it a crime that people don't?
The other thing, the most beautiful men I, my vote definitely goes to Tyrone Power.
He was pretty.
I think he was by far in one of the hands on this, hands on this, men.
I mean, he and the early Roger Moore was another one.
Well, if you like those brits.
But Tyrone, I think, has my vote.
Okay.
Again, keep up the good work.
Okay.
And we women are out there.
God bless you.
God bless you.
See you.
5670567, I got to, especially ahead of you, is it from the coders?
It's from you think maybe from the show today?
That could be it.
I think it's from the show.
I think it's from when Joe Castella walked in here and started hucking me a trinic with that auto racing cramp.
5670560, how that show will, by the way, with Dale Earnhardt on Saturday.
Big one, huh?
Big, big show Saturday.
The phone, they weren't begging for calls on that show, man.
The phones ring off the six o'clock on a Saturday morning.
Those phones are smoking.
Smoking.
With the bunch of red necks.
That's right.
They got one figure in their nose.
They got one figure in their rectum.
Both at the same time, which takes you, you have to be pretty coordinated.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was in Toronto this weekend.
Yes.
I flew over on the air-canada flag with you on Friday.
You did?
Yes.
But you were towards the front and I was lasty last row.
Are you away in the back?
Way in the back.
Are you wearing coach?
I was in coach.
Like Robbie Needamar and Nikki Taylor.
Exactly.
But still pretty good service with air-canada.
How come he didn't say hello?
I did say hello.
You were in the back.
Oh, no, that's right.
When you came through there, well, God bless you, sir.
Can I tell you something?
I got to admit something.
Because I'm sure this guy doesn't listen to my show.
There is a guy who's always in first class who lives in Toronto.
He works here in Miami.
The only reason I know this is he was sitting behind me coming back last night with some older guy.
And I say guy like you know what I'm saying?
And they just have to be sitting together.
And I heard the whole life story as I was sitting there.
This kid is on this flight every weekend.
I mean, no matter when you were in the flight that you took going over.
Yes.
9-8-9-9-9-9.
He takes that flight going over and the one coming back 9-14, so did everybody.
And I've seen him about a half a dozen times at least.
I think one time I said next to him.
And I don't know if it's the Miami thing in me.
He's a real nice guy.
He's from Toronto.
He's a good-looking young guy.
Not that I'm looking to hit on him or anything, although that's a good idea.
And I don't know anything about him except what I heard.
You don't want him to say that it's terrible.
Was it the weather with the most beautiful weather this week?
Wasn't that beautiful man who was heaven up there and scattered it in.
Saturday night after that game ended, they were driving up and down the streets,
hawking their horns and yelling and screaming and golees.
School, it was great.
We went to a Gretke's restaurant to watch the game.
Yeah.
Yeah, pretty nice place.
Pretty little touristy, but they have a patio upstairs.
It's absolutely perfect.
Right.
That's the place to be.
Did you see Coach's corner with Don Cherry at the end where he says,
are you my grader or what?
No, we went to Yorkville.
We went to Yorkville and sat out in some bars afterwards.
Right.
Great night.
Got a little bit cool on Saturday night.
Okay.
That's a good year's out there.
Trust one thing when I tell you, don't eat the food on your Canada.
Well, I ate them this morning.
I'm still alive.
Okay.
Can I call Matt Sundina douchebag?
Zaguzon.
Eat the sweet.
Okay.
Bye.
Don't be knocking the sweet.
Okay.
Everybody else is doing their thing now.
It's burrism.
You just like the regular year, we've just split it up.
I'll move it around, you know?
All these kids, Lonnie, Bahannis, they're doing it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe if I listened less and talked more.
Bigger than mine.
They believe what I've seen.
I just want to take a leap.
I have to take a peek.
Bigger than mine.
I could next year or no.
Word, word.
Now I know why this goes.
And boy, couldn't get close to the wall.
I remember the big sun.
When he whipped it out.
From behind the separate cave.
I'll put more trousers.
I'll put more trousers.
I'll put more trousers.
I'll put more trousers.
I'll put more trousers.
I'll put more trousers.
I'll put more trousers.
I'll put more trousers.
I'll put more trousers.
I'll put more trousers.
Bigger than mine.
Get out of the cave.
They sing a little 12 spread.
And look at that.
Somebody said it was over 10 years.
What's this about?
She was lying.
People said, hey, who?
Isn't he driving nuts?
He says there's David.
and i have no idea david who i think that's his david
paper jim gory remember we're doing that thing on the day they've had all
here it is all it is from david halberstain himself
or what how did this come from from westwood and one in new york
they have halberstain were at great book about all the uh... new york sports
casters
sent me a tape of jim gory doing the rangers leave skim back in the sixties
thank you so much they've good guy got screwed over by the heat
get there you go god getting even
god getting even with pat rolly and the heat organization
for what they did is a halberstain and you can take part of the blame mic
mail you jackass
by the way you know what they put under fris and emstick
here's a mobile in weston hello
yes sir
hey long time listener
i think i think i remember i called you last time about twenty years ago
when you were at w snooze yes sir that is i were you were there
you would do it shows with the rabbis and stuff like that remember
all right yes
i think my time
actually when i called you uh... the one time i called you i was actually
giving you a hard time because i was
really into this uh... heavy trip about saying that anti-semitism is
really doesn't exist in some other nonsense i was into it my much younger
time
actually i want to thank you i'm in the call with my son who was a without college
but when every time they always get this major dose of new york every time
then god bless him
you are you are you and uh... you're sitting in front driving through the airport
but i want to say that i want to thank you because in a way i've become really
comfortable being a jew even though i am not really just
all day
i've had an idea of my son uh... but we really identify strongly as jews and i
think part part of the influence for that was for you because you're a guy who
doesn't believe in god yeah i i saw a show in the Toronto i was watching
kilns in ten yesterday before the plane i saw a show on tv about and they were
talking about secular Judaism about people that don't believe the religious
part yet but uh... and of course i look at his culinary duties and people
enjoy deli but don't believe the bullcrap you know
well you know that there's enough death for everybody that's right nothing like
good kishki who the hell says that there's one way being curious so uh... we
want to thank you for that because we're we're finding our own way to do it and uh...
it really feels good but you bought a good work in another twenty years i'll
i'll give you another call in zagas and okay five six seven oh five six they were
teaching you to go i'm how do you like that i'll show as accomplished you wonder
what have you done all your life teaching you to words to go even sparses out
there are saying uh... stuff like that
well spedern call each other niggers for crying out loud hey you dumb sparser that's
better than saying the nigger niggers uh... i don't know
i just don't like saying nigger not that i'm afraid to say it on the air the end
word i mean so silly nigger nigger nigger that say a hundred times it doesn't
mean anything anymore you know
but sparser is like so much more colorful all that's a bad
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
and like i said a few dark guys out there but all look like malcom on the
young and a horny then we could all get long man
wow can you imagine talk about cementing race relations
here's a mobile in my any hello
christmas black guys probably look upon him as being white mobile in my any
hello
eleven minutes and forty nine seconds later when they're gone on our time to
here's a mobile in fort lotterdale hello
yes i just like to comment on uh...
nice looking guy thing i think uh...
jet the force is pretty nice looking at the way they'd heard pounds of it as
probably the same guy that started this morning okay
the first call with at the phony baloney about his parents sold them uh...
part for the nipier tree or some bull crap whatever that was
you got something to say about depot
call up yourself and tell right to his fat face okay
you spiny list got list piece of puke you backstabbing scumbag
everybody in this time and backstabbers backstabbers you got some to say say to
their face just like depot with that thing about that fact
if you wanted the facts why didn't you come in your ass for it fat so okay when
i talked about a right on the air right to your puts
instead of going on the year trying to stir up a bunch of contrap crap because
he know that he he knew that he were gonna take the pipe
and that they were going to be left without anything so now the only thing
they got to fall back on you know what it is
that's right can try controversy
look what it did for mr. ego look where landed him
on a station without any call it is on a station that not only doesn't show
up in ratings but nobody knows where to find it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
here's kindle hello
yes sir
you know he's been a very good looking man
i always thought i was quite a little handsome man on the face of plan
uh...
uh...
oh he was also a f*** yeah swish a swashbuckler
and David do it
my understand
yeah i don't know you understand
well i don't know how to do it
i don't think you'd say that either one of those guys were beautiful they were
like uh... you know
i'm sorry
for a manly for a manly good looking man
manly good looking a real flin was manly
oh boy
oh boy
swishbuckler
all right
okay thank you
okay next to be telling that Montgomery Cliff was a good manly uh... five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
here's a derail hello
hello
yes
i'm holding it take your time
i'm holding it all the time
maybe you've been all the way from the kitchen
good
hey nia i i heard on the news i check it on uh...
yeah and you knew the uh... during the break that
we didn't go
well oh jade could uh... gonna be on whammy
that's not news that's a spot there buying
we put that on the news we would promote it here
they're buying spots to promote that crap that embarrassment
i would like to know who would actually give a rat that
yeah exactly i mean it's incredible i mean three years old and uh... uh...
gone by and who cares right
and uh... we don't ever want to see the pieces come again that's the point
and they're going to bring them back because they're so desperate
yeah no no i don't know i don't know
they swief's now they're trying desperately to pump up the ratings
especially now that he took it up the ass
yeah let's not learn one thing from you i'm not a mindless lemme you know i used to watch
as far as the news you know try to be updated up today you know the latest
information i'd live much better without watching the news i may be a little bit
ignorant but i'm at much happier with a state of the world today your
bagnerance is bliss and let me tell you i probably the only guy on the face of the
earth that didn't watch more than maybe i've watched it by watch one minute that
column buying high school killing that was a lot i i refuse to be sucked into it
yeah and i didn't watch it and you know what nothing
affect it didn't affect my life one bit
and i didn't feel that negativity in the depression which i couldn't control
anyway i i feel much better okay well listen say hi to that ostrich right next
to i think okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight
tnt wireless line he said barrier head in the sand because that's the american
fucking way that's what he said just stick it in their real deep and don't pull
it out in your head too here's a mobile in my any hello
any of yes sir has anybody mentioned uh young Elvis Presley
as a beautiful man no i guess there's another probably thought so they used to
sleep together you know Elvis and Gladys till he was what 25
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tnt wireless line here's
you
know
uh
uh
uh
uh
uh
uh
uh
ah
to reaction
on the ground
don't you like
hein
gonna show me
His glory and right me like a pony
He's a people, and we go
And then what's wrong with machino
I'll be trying to get it
Who wants to know?
Don't tell me I'm too close to know
Who will get it?
Who wants to know?
Who wants to know?
Who wants to know?
Who wants to know?
In a chair way?
Who wants to know?
I'll play the game
Who knows who you know?
Who knows who you're close to?
Trying to get it?
Yes
Don't tell me I'm too close to know
Who you're close to?
Are you?
Who wants to know?
I brought you a jock-touch off
They're all the jock-tunners that are tuning in
Outfit of beautiful men
Who are not anymore, I'm sure
Because he's getting up there in years
Vince Burragamo, remember was the
Quarterback for Los Angeles Rams?
He was beautiful
I used to fill Henry, what do you have to do with him?
He knew him from out on the West Coast
And I said, boy, Vince Burragamo
That was a good looking guy, and he said
Are you sure?
145 at 560 WQAM
Volca Brian, by the way, who's of course the expert at being rejected
Tells us that when a woman says to a guy that she says that you're beautiful
That's the way of saying, no
No
Yeah, that's what he says
On whatever they never told me that
And believe me, nobody in the universe has had said to him more than Volca Brian
Believe me when I tell you
No, no, no
That's the lock I said before about somebody's cooking
Somebody cooks you a meal or recommends a restaurant and they say, well, how did you like him?
Well, it was really interesting
Interesting, which means
It's a shelter
Here's a lady mobile in Jupiter, hello
Hey, Neil
Yes, ma'am
How are you?
Great
Okay, I've got two
Unfortunately, they're both waiting, their faces are wasted now, but they were beautiful
Yeah
Richard Chamberlain
Yeah
Christopher Walken
Oh, okay
So do you agree?
Richard Chamberlain was
Richard Chamberlain was pretty
Very
He was pretty isn't like, you know what I mean?
Like, like, like that
Right
Uh-huh
I agree
And I think Christopher Walken was really pretty too, but his face is wasted now
Yeah, from the neck down he was okay, okay, sweetheart, have a great day
You too
Time is a bitch, time just, you know, that's the way God works, okay?
Everybody's got their two or three minutes when they look pretty good
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line
How we start Bokobrine was really beautiful
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Oh, Neil
Yes, sir
How's it going, sir?
Great
Uh-mobile Miami here, you know who used to be a really good listen guy, and nobody ever knows anything about?
Would the guy that played Sholtz on Hogan Theros?
He was a handsome fellow
A guy who played what?
Sholtz on Hogan Theros
Sholtz?
Yeah, Sholtz, I hear nothing, I see nothing
Oh yeah, right
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line
He was almost as beautiful as Al Goldstein
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir
Good, I don't know the gentleman's name, but I know what the song he sang was, you better work, what was that guy's name?
You better work?
Yeah, you
RuPaul
RuPaul
I mean, that makes sense, doesn't it?
No
Well, he's a man
And he's a drag queen
No, he's not beautiful at all, because he wears a wig that makes him beautiful
He's like Dennis Rodman, okay?
He's airing a homo's worst nightmare is the RuPaul's and Dennis Rodman's in the world
God, RuPaul is beautiful
Man, yeah, this guy's probably got 80 Murphy's number in his Rolex
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a lady mobile in West Palm Beach, hello
Hey, Neil, you took so much ass, awesome
I know, rectum
Before somebody pulled the rip cord and he blew up to a thousand pounds, Marlon Brando was gorgeous
No
You don't think so?
No, to me, he always looked, he had the dumb look on his face
And I'm talking about, he went out to cotton in his cheek, he had like the, you know,
When you wanted to do, what do you want to do?
And I know, he just had that real rough edge around him
Oh, I thought he was a hot guy
He was a little bit like a guy, but he wouldn't say he was beautiful
Yeah, well, he sure hit the wall
Yeah
All right, well
Maybe it was the last 200 pounds that did it
Probably
Okay
Take your nails
Maybe it was all that time he spent with Wally Cox that put him over the edge, could that have been it?
Uh-huh
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the only AT&T wireless line, we're learning a lot here today, are we
We're learning a lot or, or what?
I'm learning I should have probably stayed home today
A little bit of big improvement over this, but not me, I'm the warrior man
I just keep showing up and coming back for more and more, see what I mean?
Can barely even function, would like a little tickle in my throat
You know, it would be good to see that little tickle in my throat, by the way?
It's 11-me-four-two-at-five-sixty-w-q-m-fe-
