Hahahaha!
Horts Radio 560, WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents
The Neil Rogers Show
Detoxineal, called 567-560 toll free in Miami Dade and Broward
Or, power 560-Headers alcohol!
The opinions of Neil, his guests, colors, or anyone else on the show does not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
Beasley-Lee Dacquisition, or the Beasley Broadcast Group
Now, Neil Rogers on 430-560-QAM
And now, it's time for our long-distance dedication
It's from Joe Z, and he wants to hear Thai A.O ribbon around Hankleburg
And you've been to several places for spring training, I know, but I remember I go back a long way to the WN Yankees' first came down here
And they had trained all those years in St. Petersburg and what a culture shock it was for them to leave St. Petersburg and come to Fort Lauderdale with it
Which at that time was where spring break was happening, you know, in St. Petersburg you know what's happening there well because you've been to Spring Training in that city
There was nothing there, right?
Well, I was in Fort Charlotte for five years
Did you ever go to St. Petersburg?
Nope
For Spring Training, never did?
Nope, nope, nine years before that I was in Arizona
Yeah
Right, with the Giants
Yep, how is it coming over to the American League? You looking forward to it?
I've been in the American League for five years now
Yeah
So I'm not unfamiliar with it, I'm looking forward to just starting with a new team here
Choosing a doctor is difficult enough, but when you practice an alternative lifestyle, it becomes a major challenge
I know when I spread my cheeks from my quarterly physical, someone a physician who'll be gentle and take his time probing my well, you know
So if you want a doctor who is well, let's say lighten the loafers, you need to call 1-800-50
I mean, who else will understand your fascination with Judy Garland? Really? Call for the day
Okay
Penal to the 560 WQ, I'm happy Tuesday to you
Boy, this overhead sounds really strange today, every day everything's a little bit different
But I just discovered, since we're now lucky to our second week in these great new studios, which are original the best
You know, I mean, it's got new paint, new walls, and everything that's in it is basically a bunch of dreck
Even one of our salespeople is about several of our salespeople including the one that's farting in people's faces
How do you like to have a big fat guy?
I don't want to mention rhymes with Jeff High
Who like farts in people's faces and thinks that it's fine
Huh?
Did you make that up just because you hated like poison?
What do you think? We all hate him, everyone hates him
Because he's obnoxious, pally, and shifty, and dangerous, he's perfect
And overbearing, and full of crap
We don't like you, Jeff, stay away
We can't stand you, we're nauseated by you, but the idea that, I mean this guy weighs what?
700, 800 pounds easy? The idea that he's farting in people's faces around the building?
Bring back memory of that story we're telling about the Ati Room episode, but we're still out on the second floor, thank God
Oh my God, talk about my cup run up the over with
Love
Yeah, it goes in there and somebody evidently had, you know, stuffed the turret with too much toilet paper
And you know, there it was over a flooded, just jammed up
Jammed up in jelly type, wasn't that the name of the song?
And he, and somebody courses occupying the other stall, well I guess he had to go so bad
When you weigh 900 pounds, you know, when you're full of it, you can't hold it in
What are you gonna do?
Do, huh? You're gonna do do what he did
Oh, by the way, the good news is I don't have to buy Duffa Death together
There you go, just like the satellite dish that they got over there in the sports nerds and the other side of the hall there
See, the way it works here is this, is that we got a bunch of pussy's around here who won't say anything
Not to the big cheese, they won't open up their mouth because they're all afraid for their job
So all the promises are made and nothing happens
Then I go on the year and I am bearish that God would have bad haircut in the mono, which I sure is how
I hope he stays out of here today with his mono nucleosis
That's how dumb he is, okay?
Our general manager is so stupid, he's got mono and he's walking around in the building yesterday, leading on people
Exactly what we need, right?
No!
If somebody would like a highly infectious, like if he walked in and said, oh, you know, my doctor said I got leprosy
But I don't feel that bad, so I came in today, you know?
Yeah, let me reach out and put someone
Absolutely unbelievable, so you know, the thing happened with the satellite dish, remember I was gonna buy it?
I was gonna pay for it, and then all of a sudden miraculously one showed up there and they stuck that in there
And now the same thing with Duff's desk
Which I was gonna pay for from our friend, Joe Rosoli at Rothhoff, Rothhoff his supply, which I can never remember
Well, he don't look Jewish to me
And nevertheless, saying I was gonna do that and Duff is in here this morning
Who is a nice guy that's the biggest limp I've ever met
Maybe that's why, does it start at the top and like kind of run down to the rest that rubs off?
I've never worked with such a bunch of wimpy guys and this is supposed to be the macho sports station
They're all a bunch of proceeds
But like, we had to get the water thing in there from our friend
It's a collagon man, we had to get that thing in there
Because they're terrified to go down a hall to the water not see because she'll bitch him out
You know, because she's so goddamn important
And now the thing is all of a sudden, oh yeah Greg decided he's ordered a desk for Duff's on the way
He had ordered a desk for Duff like my name is Elmer Fawnt, okay?
But now that I've embarrassed him into it again, you know, it's one thing to be cheap
It's another thing to be niggardly
And Greg, you and your beastly boys, the guys that lay asleep in the dumpster overnight
You are the most niggardly people in the history of this business
Now I'll give you an example
Now we have, remember we moved in these great new studios a week ago yesterday
And the deal was, oh now it's said that one crappy old car machine that we had downstairs
Which worked okay by the way
Finally, after they got rid of that other piece of crap, we had one
And how many carts do we play not too many?
They're obsolete pretty much
Now we got a triple decker, alright
Only problem is, wait till you hear what it sounds like
How do you like that?
And of course, is it gonna stop? Is it gonna queue up?
No
You'll see
And buy that before
What's with that? It sounds like most of the commercials on this station
Like it's coming through a hundred pounds of mush
I bought it out of the shaft
Oh, oh, oh
And I saw it this morning I'm sitting here fiddling with these things
wondering what the hell is going on
Because I had some old jingles I was gonna play
And I realized these carts are old so I thought maybe it was the cart
Then I tried another cart and it also sounds like crap
That dragon of things gonna run through by the way
It's still running
Of course, it's not about a two and a half minute cart
It's an old Roger Magdalent thing
And by the way, Henry Barron Roger are off
Oh!
I'm wacky, I got a wacky fire report
How do you like that? See that?
Yeah, I won't, is it gonna stop?
No, that would run forever
Good timing though
Yeah, well it's good
I'll give you a better one
I'll give you a real good one, okay?
But we can just put this in here later one all day
Good, up!
Got me, damn it
Yeah, in cart machine number two
And the old age will just still just...
Good, up!
Got me, damn it
It'll just go like an endless loop all day
Magdal going
All right
Come on
One more time
For the West Coast
Come on Jim
Magdal
One more time
Got me, damn it
Thank you
So there isn't one of these three
Remember you said two out of the three work?
All I can say is
Wrong, none of them work
So this morning I looked in the machines
Where you stick the carts in
And I look at the heads
The heads are all scratched up and worn out
You know something?
They must have found this cart deck
And the same dumpster that they sleep in the beagleuse
In my lifetime
I've never worked in about the six million radio stations
Over the last two thousand years
I've never seen a cart deck or a cart machine
That had heads that were...
It's like somebody took a goddamn sledgehammer
Like OJ, you know, couldn't find anybody else to slice
So we just took his wrath and anger out on the head on this cart machine
He used to slice on up head
So we figured why not
I mean, if you looked at these, you'd like...
Pfft
You got a puke
And if you think I'm exaggerating about how cheap this outfit is
Then we get a build-us morning from Direct TV
This is the best
And it wouldn't bother me except that it's in my name, although it's in the Arranges
Which are ain't no such real person, but nevertheless
Pass, do, no, how do you like the way that big, big letters pass do from Direct TV
We got our own satellite dish, we got our own TV, we got our own VCR inside the TV
Thank you Jeff Cohen and thanks to our friends at Digital World Satellite
Digital World Satellite?
That's for them, we love them
So what do we pay for?
We have the basic...
Do we pay for basic?
The bare minimum
The bare minimum
And that's what they're paying
Do we have the extra sports packages?
No
Do we have any option packages on any movie thing?
No
Just the bare basic bare bones deal you get
So here's a build from Direct TV
Do immediately pass, do, $82.90
Your account is passed to a pre-cent payment of me, mail to us, which they're supposed to be paying the back there
Do they pay their bills in this joint?
No
No
And it's just amazing, it's niggeredly that guy up there in the DC when that episode happened a few weeks ago
He must have been thinking about this place because it's one thing to be cheap
Everybody out there knows people of our cheap
These people are way beyond cheap
These people are cheap to the point of absurdity of being obnoxiously cheap
And they're not even, you know, the old stereotypes, here's a gory
That's this cheap, okay?
The beastly, they're all gory-yam
All I can say to that is
Oi
Come on, attack the tenant, your cheap station 560 QYM
By the way, really enjoy Hank out there at that ballgame there's today
That was quite an experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
That was a very good experience
No
no
i thought right
just
right
it's a good thing
that
you have
for a while
ten to fifteen to fifteen
two-year
new outlook on life today
home scale this morning i hate
this
you know what the problem is
no seriously when i take my vitamins
and my medication on my crap in the morning i drink a lot of water
well of course if you're like fat on your life
you learn the little tricks of the trade
you don't get on the scale after you've been
bived anything
you understand what i'm saying
you pee your brains out
then you get on the scale and you say
yeah
one ninety nine on the real scale
not to make believe scale this morning but on the real
because i have two side by side
depending on which mood i'm in and lately i haven't been in the mood for the real scale
one ninety nine on the real scale at the first time i've
slipped under two hundred and eight long
long
long time
and all you sales assholes out there
don't be bringing any food in here okay
under penalty of
still harming the disease
getting sick and tired of making myself sick and tired from a bunch of sales holes
they want to keep up for speeding
i love my friends and pen and juries but
stay the hell away
i want to say how to a devor in my good buddy frank you've been there at public
you know did birracing i go to public's last night to pick up a few things
and i'm online there why is it in Florida we say online
is that a jew thing online
anyway so i'm standing in line
and uh... there's like some other people in front of me who are also listening to some of them
they nod and he and you know
whatever and uh... the girl devor was her name i made special notice i said i'm going to
mention you on the air tomorrow devor your nice young girl but uh... pa pa pa pa pa
oh yeah where do i know you from in the meantime these other people are got their groceries going to she's like
not paying an awful lot of attention to cash in the mountain i'm starting to feel like guilty like stop talking to me devor
and i'm saying like some in the end things that are like whammy sucks
and i was embarrassed to be on air and i'm on a radio about that well what and i said you don't listen to am
do you see girls especially women in general but young women
don't listen to am radio no in fact most people don't listen to am radio no
nobody would have brainless as the am radio except for the show
and why did they send hang up there yesterday that ballgame
he had a schlep all the way up there to viera which is uh... somewhere in the end of the
world
and they send him up there and there's a ballgame a marlin game on a background that nobody cares about
and every now and then you hear
and i realize the final score was like a hundred ninety nine or something like that but nobody cares
and every now and then hang with saying
ah he just uh... fun with the ball center for you that's got to be a two base area
and we go back to whatever he was talking about
i mean what's the what's the point
why did they go through there is more
make work make busy kind of stuff you know i'm talking about that goes on here
and of course the more that crap you do the more likelihood that you're gonna have all kinds of technical disasters
and dead air and people get cut off in the middle of a show
which we have on a regular basis here because they're always trying to do stuff
they're really for the most part isn't necessary
all of these things
that's right i mean they have enough trouble just putting a car machine in here that works
that's crazy
you know that would have been sound too bad did it
not too good
well that's the error run through anyway
that's got no longer
oh god
so anyway Deborah and uh... she's going on and on
and of course she finally says well i know i listen to fm i listen to how it's turned
and my buddy frankey who came rushing over a course because he wanted to
well you know ingratiate himself you're a good guy frankey do something about those
it's
but uh... and take my groceries out for me
uh... he can look kind of a sour look on his face when she like that but i'm not really interested
okay and how it's born i'm not interested
she she was she had seen the evidently on whammy somewhere along the line
and they said to do about it these poor other people i'm thinking just
cash them out put their stuff you know get this stuff and get them out of here
and stop making them feel because i'm the one it looks like the asshole
because she's making a big song that ends about me by the way speaking of public
last night i thought a great product and you know you people out there in the audience
talk about letting us down i realize that it was in the hank yesterday when hank starts begging for calls
is there anybody interested in anything he's going on
then i know it's just the audience has died and will have to wait for re-birth someday
if it ever happens
i said here for now this morning i saw two lines light up on the year for the morning guys
so the phone is dead you know we got one on there now they can wait
or not i don't care
but you've let us down because first of all if you're going to try to lose weight on the yankens
every time somebody finds a great product that's got almost no carbs
we ought to be hearing about it the most important thing i should have heard about is the MTV summer break thing
they were talking about it on the morning show this morning i'm driving in
and they were talking about summer break on MTV
nobody told me anything about that until now so now this morning i'm sitting here
and i'm channel surfing all over the guy in place is it on today
i don't see it spring break i say summer break spring break on MTV
where there are all these basically naked young college students running around
and in some cases actually naked would like to shave the shaving cream on
right
or they checkerboard out the
yeah but i hear in some of the scenes they were like actually running around like
basically naked as a jib but a little shaving cream on their
whatever parts
now all people in the world that want to see that
do i want to see that?
F&A baby
no spy reports on that
but i found a great product at public yesterday
for those people who are like on the yankens already or any of those diets
uh... current carbohydrates which makes all the sense in the world
don't become no fat grams or calories because that's a bunch of bullcrap
team maris zetties salad dressings
that's an effort there's a whole line of the eye now i don't know how many carbs in the
other ones because i like blue cheese myself
team are zetties chunky blue cheese it is so delicious you'll just you'll have
you'll be coming from it two table spoons one gram of carbohydrates
two table spoons one gram
how do you like that?
and it is great it is unbelievable it's not water we like there's some other ones
they're like almost no uh... well this has almost none
but it's like got real big chunks of blue cheese in there it's delicious
or those of you like big chunks
man that could stop
team are zetties chunky blue cheese salad dressing
and i will admit i actually stuck my finger in the thing and ate a little bit of
not not in the store at home i'm not one of those slabs that eat stuff in the
store which you all see that all the time by the way
well you've never seen that?
oh yeah trailer trash
sure trailer trash they open stuff up and their kids are eating stuff you know
and they got the empty candy wrappers if they're honest which usually they're not
they got the empty candy wrappers in the uh... shopping cart
and they just stick those on account with other groceries
with their ky jellie and whatever else they got
speaking of ky jellie by the way
you know this is another one of these things that just makes my blood boil
i'm so sick and tired of hearing this and i'm sick and tired of people
who admire scumbags and this radio station by the way is basically 20 hours
today a scumbag asked looking station
and by the way joda magio was an asshole
are you aware of the fact i thought somebody made that up you know right there
when he died a couple weeks ago that business about what after he retired
every event every ballgame every event that he ever went to when he announced
you know a bunch of uh... celebrities the mayor this uh... former player
he insisted that he had to be announced last and he had to be announced is the
greatest living baseball player
in history the greatest living baseball that that was part of the deal or he
wouldn't show up
and he was supposed to be humble joe he had an ego bigger than his uh... that's
what Maryland said
that's why she never had the big uh... the joe the big old with joe
i'm telling you remember that thing i read on the other day must be newsweek
it must have been true right
so he was in a way kind of an asshole i'm not putting him in a league with these
other people i don't think he ran around uh... impregnating women all of course he
was a tagging guy
well i must be a cultural thing
because now the new deal is that gerry sheffield is accused it's alleged
to be a daddy again
and i'm reading the article here about this mirror marwomen
wandra kiri
a language is teacher mommy did elementary school as well a paternity suit against
the multi-millionaire ball player gerry chefield he didn't ask for you know that
the thirty-eight-year-old kiri alleges that she and chefield thirty-one had
an affair last spring they broke up with you got pregnant kiri claims just
before sheff was traded to the dodgers
and it goes on about this and about that he don't want to care about her you
don't care about the kid need to want to support it
he's thought to have made by the way seventeen and a half million dollars last year
kiri makes twenty eight hundred sixty two dollars and sixteen cent among
process servers handed chefield the lawsuit when the dodgers played the orals
it for a lot of the else stadium on the march eight
he has until this weekend to respond and i'm reading this stuff and of course it's
kind of like her word against his until you get to the last paragraph of
Jose landbeat the south load insider his column in the sunset and when you get to
this you start believing her word because it says
if gerry is chef's kid chef i love the way we have to you know chef
because he's a jogged like you know steve shipiro shappy hey shappy how you doing
shappy they all got into the other fact thing you know
slap each other on the old uh...
and hold hands
if gerry is chef's kid he would be chef's fourth child with four different women
try to catch up to that event or holy moly thing
baby
none of whom he's married to
for gerry f and shipiro
spread the seed baby
planning it for court court court court court court court court court court court
it's a cultural thing
huh that's our poll question today is how come so many smarts are making
babies that uh... they're not married to the mother
uh... which is only half a word and Detroit
mother
that's our poll question i'm serious i'm sick and tired of it man i'm sick
and tired of people making millions of dollars for being scumbags
whether it's my touch the white ways got to spend at least another month in june
out for that
tired of it
i'm tired of you assholes out there who was suck up and pay money to subsidize
this a crap
in fact what we ought to have you have them start doing is sending money to all
these mothers
instead of sending the money on a pay for view for those bogus fights
like with holy field that bogus fight that he was sent to money to all these
mothers that are trying to support these kids with no daddy running around
you're a bastard
come on everybody
don't look here man
we gonna play a game
we be picking kids around
and he finally came to me
you know what you told him about
you take a bucket door for it
and a bucket of skills to make it run
you got a bucket of you
check out what i've been kicking
you have it down in old times
show up
please
please
please
please
please
let me do a homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
this be Anthony
please
please
alright
move that home
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
he carry
now try
yo look it
box
a cultural thing baby
that's what it is
Just like that. Don't pick it up.
Don't pick it up.
How can you admire?
How can you or you accept?
Gun, we're talking to some of you.
It's like cutting a pig in a main coat.
That's what it reminds me of.
It's still a pig.
And all the excuses that people make.
Here's somebody that's making $17 million last year.
And he's running around making babies, okay?
Oh, but it's a cultural thing.
You know, right.
I want to hear one goddamn excuse from somebody in this audience of all this irresponsibility.
Maybe they all want to be on a jury's springer show.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
Not just trailer trash.
We got more goddamn trash running around here.
No wonder we got all of them dumpsters popping up everywhere.
Every, every look there's another big goddamn dumpster.
And usually you see one of the beesleys head crawling over the top.
So anyway, I'm a little spirited port on Waxi this morning.
Did I hear Henry beer?
Oh!
No. Or Roger maggot?
No, it didn't hear either one of them.
Because I guess Henry Barrow has just retired.
It's part of those big numbers that they had on here.
The North Benson was telling us about.
Maybe that's what put them over the edge, you know.
When I read those numbers on the year last Friday.
Oh, I guess we got nobody listening.
Kind of like I see around QAN.
So they got a kid.
And I do mean kid.
They must have got this kid like out of elementary school somewhere.
You know, a radio wannabe.
Oh, it was the most wanted to be in this business when we were kids.
We used to sit and, you know,
announce ball games on watching the TV and we'd sit and read news out of the newspaper.
You know, like we were newscasters.
And that's what Jose was doing this morning, pretending to be a newscaster.
He made Lenny Martez sound like Walter Cronkrig.
Seriously.
He made Gildi sound like Westbrook Van Vorys, like Edward R. Murrow.
That's what he made Gildi sound like.
And then he started going on.
I mean, bumbling and fumbling can't get five words straight.
And he goes on about the American dollar.
I was strong against the European Union.
But down against the Japanese yen.
And when he said, Japanese yen.
I just about dropped a load in my pants and my pantalonis.
The Japanese yen.
I had a yen that just put my fist right through that speaker.
But hey, it's Waxi, baby.
They got some nice jingles on there, though.
That's why I was jingle oriented this morning.
Because I thought, wow, it hurts him.
They got some old Waxi jingles.
I guess from the old Waxi FM.
Does anybody remember that those days?
No.
No, when Ricky Tiki was on air in the Budell.
Remember Waxi?
When it was in Hollywood, it was like on FM,
like a real radio station.
See, that's criminal.
They should never allow that to be done.
I'm not saying that was a great station,
but it was a pretty good station.
They played pretty good music.
Inspired with Sean at the Stale-Ugley-Us-Mellet Camp.
And then they let them take those letters
and put it on the AM station as Jefferson Pilot,
which is the worst piece of garbage.
And by the way, speaking of bad stuff,
because I'm desperate in the morning.
And I got my beautiful new car, by the way.
Wait till you see that.
By the way, Greg Nelson is God at Lou Bakrow.
I'm always talking about how most sales people are assholes.
There is a sales guy they should make an award to.
He's a great guy.
I was there like 35 minutes yesterday.
Bingo.
But I'm open to sign this.
Here you go.
Here's the keys.
Have a nice life.
What a great guy.
And Lou Bakrow, Chivalais, and Pompano Beach.
It's Greg Nelson for president.
Oh!
Good guy.
What was I just saying before I interrupted myself?
See, I got desperate in the morning.
That's good in the morning.
I am desperate in the morning.
And desperate in the night.
And desperate in the afternoon.
Most seriously, I mean, there's just nothing to listen to.
And am I going to listen to these guys?
I mean, they're good guys, at least two of many
when our morning show.
Am I going to listen to that?
No.
Of course not.
I'm not interested in hearing about how Robbie Nidomair is banging Nicky.
And this way, I don't care.
It's old news, okay?
It's boring.
I want to say, even Greg Regis came in with his mononucleosis breathing on me.
He saw Sunday the thing on MTV on Spring Break.
And the guys with their shalongs swinging in a breeze with the
was shaving cream on it.
Huh?
Well, I mean, those things, when you're naked, they don't just stay
like stationary, unless you've got a tie down, like a horse you have a tie down.
Unless you've got a strap to your thigh, they tend to flop around a little bit
with your movement.
If they're big enough, mine you'd never notice.
It's kind of like stationary, like a button mushroom.
But I mean, you know, inevitably we're talking college kids, you know what I'm saying?
Right up my territory.
Right in my, yeah.
And then he's, uh, deep old made some kind of, I did hear that part.
That's what I heard.
That's why I got desperate.
About some, some retard who was sitting in the audience at MTV 50-year-old guy.
What's wrong with that?
What 50-year-old guys don't want to see a bunch of naked college students,
female, male, maybe both, uh, whatever.
Maybe, maybe, uh, dead 50-year-old guy.
And how old are you, too, by the way, deep old?
What were you watching for?
You old pervert?
So I missed out on that.
I'm really pissed off about it.
I'm foaming at the mouth.
You know what I'm saying?
I missed my chance, all the way, uh, it was during the break.
When Greg Reed was in here, I should have put that in queue and played that.
So here you go, Greg.
And by the way, we handed him the, uh, the direct TV bill.
I said, hey, tell your redneck, uh, partners to pay their bills, asshole.
Seriously.
And you know, now I got it.
See, now I got to go out.
I don't have to go to Ruth Chris with Greg Reed for dinner because he's got mono.
I'm not going to say, can you imagine sitting at a table with a whole family of people that's got mono?
Imagine that?
No.
No.
But Rimmer's taking us this weekend.
And guess who's paying?
I know.
You don't believe it.
Rimmer is paying for dinner this weekend.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And when he says, pull me that yesterday.
Mark this down in your book.
All you Panther people.
Everybody had connected with the organization.
Rimmer promises to pay for dinner at Ruth's Christmas weekend.
Now see, probably what he did was he called the manager.
That nice lady that loves me and said, oh, it's a surprise for Neil Rogers.
I'm bringing Neil Rogers this weekend.
You don't remember Neil Rogers, you know?
Waiting for them to bring another one of those cards to the table.
It says, oh, it's always wonderful to have you.
Please accept this meal.
I want to make sure they don't bring one of those cards this weekend.
I want Rimmer digging deep down into his pocket.
For all those still musty credit cards that haven't come out in years.
Can you imagine what those things must have smelled like?
They stopped.
Yeah.
You remember the things being in mothballs?
Jesus, God Almighty.
21 before 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
Maybe I'll even get a fact from Dr. Mark today.
You know, I had a message on my machine yesterday from him.
I was too busy getting my new car.
And I don't give a sh** anymore.
We're looking at 10 inches.
Oh, right.
My size is small.
Oh.
You call that a clip?
Now he's going to court hearing a knee.
And the jury will give him a chance.
By the only thing hung in his courtroom.
Is the evidence in size the same?
Is he still like the average Caucasian?
No.
Does he stand up real close and again?
Or like the African persuasion?
Does he jump to a more feeling pain?
How long?
Is my size small?
How long?
Is my size small?
How long?
Is my size small?
How long is my size in sentence?
That's 25 to 5.60.
How long is my size in sentence?
That's all we want.
Throw a minute, and throw a minute, God damn key.
Okay.
And save all these idiots out there.
And save all these morons.
They're 50 or 60 or 70 bucks that they keep paying for their fight of the month.
They're fixed fights.
One of the month clubs.
And by the way, speaking of Evander Holy Moly,
I'm the father of the country.
I thought George Washington was the father of our country.
Come to find out.
It's guys with much darker complitions than George Washington.
Evander Holy Moly Field, Gary Sheffield.
They're the fathers of our country.
Investigators say a million dollars bet on Holy Field before the fight.
And by the way, that bitch, that judge.
Oh, she couldn't see nothing.
Yeah, she had an obstructed view seat.
She couldn't see nothing.
That's why she scooted all up.
A late flood of money perhaps more than a million dollars was bet on Evander.
Holy Moly Field, the father of our country.
Just before he stepped in the ring with Lennox Lewis,
anotherophony fight.
Drawing the attentive investigators.
The Nevada Gaming Control Board confirmed Monday that it's looking into the best made a number of Las Vegas sports books
in the hours before the March 13th fight at Madison Square Garden.
Almost all of the money ended up being refunded to betters when the fight was ruled a draw.
The pro by gambling regulators comes on top of investigations by Manhattan Grand Jury,
a state-centered committee, and the New York State Athletic Commission.
There you go.
But you schmucks out there, keep spending your hard earned money so you can get sucked in again.
You can play about, oh gee, we was robbed.
What a surprise, huh?
You know, it's like ordering a steak at Denys.
Oh gee, it sure was what I expected.
What do you think of people that go to Denys in order to stay?
You know what it's like?
It's like people that go into 7-11 to do their shopping.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Have you ever been a convenience store?
I don't see it very often.
But once in a while, you go into convenience port and get a soda or whatever candy bar.
Pack of faggots.
And you go in there and your standard counter and the person in front of you is shopping in a convenience store
where everything is at least 50% more than it is in a supermarket.
Now that is a cultural thing.
Here's a candle. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you got any chance to read David J. Neil's article this morning in the health?
About what?
About the Panthers Playoff Chances?
No.
The guy right at the huge article takes about half the page.
And not one.
Does he put the word Carolina in there?
They have a better chance for now catching Carolina than Bob.
No chance.
Carolina's 10-11.
They're on a clock.
Just like my Lisa, when they got the pounded last night by St. Louis.
And there were only 5 points out of the Panthers miraculously.
That's what people ought to be talking about is the Panthers.
Actually, if Brewery ever gets his ass back, they could have wind up for the third seed by way of the division.
They got two games in hand on Carolina.
That's why the Carolina is falling like a tumbling rock.
Exactly.
And if David J. Neil not a one.
What do you expect?
Now, once the fact you only think I did see, I, you know, I glance in there to see if like any trades because it is the trading deadline, by the way.
Are we going to get information about that here?
No.
About the last minute trades.
See a clock is the trading deadline.
In fact, I'm glad you mentioned I'm going to turn on the ESPN news.
Yes, it's going to be a huge day.
Yeah, it is because there'll be 8 million trades.
Now, on the islanders, everyone on their teams going capitals.
Right.
And the caps are out.
They're out of the playoffs.
What do you think we'll do?
What do you think we'll do?
Yeah.
Nothing.
Well, maybe they may not.
Now, they're saying they're going to get Boris Miranoff from Chicago.
Yeah.
They wanted to make the deal with Edmonton.
Let's get Boris Miranoff.
Maybe it's a real defenseman.
He's a good defenseman.
He's a good offensive defenseman.
There's somebody we could really use on his team.
That's very true.
Right.
I mean, everyone's still talking about, oh, we can't catch Boston.
Who cares?
I mean, Boston's on a roll.
They know that they, they're starting to wrap it up.
Oh, right.
I mean, obviously, if you had your choice, you'd rather catch Caroline.
Oh, exactly.
Because then you got home advantage.
You're number 3C.
I don't know what's sending David J. Neil's looking at it.
Yeah, what you're struck, you know, he's too busy, uh,
worrying about his uniform.
Have a great day, pal.
Hockey call.
How do you like that?
You like that?
No.
The Rimmers taking us to dinner this weekend, by the way.
Be sure and tell the whole team they'll laugh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We're talking today about people that make illegitimate babies
by a whole bunch of different women.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
Is it a cultural thing?
No.
Is that what it is?
Is that the excuse that we have all these goofballs that are making it?
And there's the best part.
I can understand, you know, some schmuck, some piece of crap, some uneducated,
well, sorry, some idiotic piece of garbage who's making like a,
maybe doesn't even have a job who just, you know,
a horny bastard running around the screw and everything with a dress on.
And he just, you know, leave in town and go out of drifter or floater.
But guys that have got money, guys that are multi-millionaires,
the Evander Holy Moly fields and Gary Sheffields in this world,
then they are running around impregnating women like this is some kind of a cultural thing.
Like we're supposed to be reproducing like cockroaches.
Here's a mobile in dear field beach.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I want to just change, change shifts a little bit.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I want to just talk about bringing important stuff here for 15 minutes.
See this, this goes right in line with what I'm talking about.
I'm doing a show here and now what do you want to talk about?
Okay, I just want to mention something in reference to...
I got this other guy, I mean he's a good guy, but nobody cares about hockey in this town.
They don't know anything about the, they know Boris Miranoff or Boris Kalloff.
Yeah, here he is.
Oh, by the way, Chris did.
Congratulations on your new car.
Thanks.
What type of car did you get?
What do you mean what type of car did I get?
Well, what type of car did you buy?
What do you think I bought?
That?
Of course.
Oh, of course, these two.
I'm doing one.
Okay, now what did you want to talk about?
I'll see you for a second.
Okay, let me...
All right, let me...
This whole thing with a phone this week, understood?
This is a week that the phone just died on QAM.
On every show, every year from pillar to post.
Really?
And I think you may be adding another...
But we'll see, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt.
Go ahead.
Okay, basically, you know when you purchase a new car, they give you, you know, all the information as far as warranties,
everything else, and they suggest that you do regular maintenance on it.
Yeah.
I purchased a car about probably about a year and a half ago.
I purchased a Hyundai and...
A Honda?
A Honda.
Why did you do that?
I don't know why did that.
I feel in mind.
I guess I must say...
That gets a baby car.
That's a car for children for like 10-year-old kids.
That's like a learner's car.
I hear you.
I hear you.
But that was all I could...
What was leading car.
I hear you.
But anyway, my point is this, is you know how they tell you that you need to do regular maintenance
or like come in for like a 20,000 mile check and this check and all this stuff.
But the thing is, I'm looking at the price this year and I'm saying like for,
for let's say a 27,000 mile check, they check, you know, your oil, they check your tires,
they check your brakes, they take your brake pedal.
Wait a minute, you're going to tell me you're going to go 27,000 miles before you get the oil changed?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
My point is this.
What is your point?
My point is that when you see the prices that they charge...
First of all, see why did you do it like I do?
Don't keep your car 20,000 miles.
Only sluppers do that.
Okay, well my car is no one in the point.
My car gets my...
In fact, this car I just traded and had 13,000 miles.
That's the unlucky number I'm trading the thing in.
Really?
That's right.
Well, let me actually just...
Do you believe that because they say...
What do you want to do?
They turn around and they...
When they say that, you know, you need to do regular maintenance on it and they want you to come back and bring it in.
I mean, these maintenance checks that they do cost you anywhere from $200 and higher.
$200 to do one.
To do...
So why don't you get the extended...
Every dealer has got some kind of a...
For a few bucks and it almost makes no difference in your payment everywhere.
They stick it right in your payment.
For a few extra bucks, they do the extended maintenance thing and you go in and all of that stuff is free.
Why don't you do that?
Yeah, well I didn't take any...
I should have done that.
That's what you should have done.
So get rid of that piece of crap and go get a real car and do it the right way.
That's my advice to you, sir.
Take it from a guy that knows...
From a guy that buys a new car every few months when he's in the right mood.
Like yesterday.
Let me say it again.
Greg Nelson, there's a good guy.
See, if I meet somebody in this town that knows what they're doing, that's a good person that treats you right,
I'll be the first one to come on here and say it.
I can't help it that we have a lot of incompetent assholes around here, mostly in this business, by the way.
I'm not exclusively.
And by the way, don't buy this book.
If you already did, I apologize.
I'm not going to give you a refund.
Just three month fever book by Gary Indiana with a...
I'm finished now.
First two thirds of the book.
Very well written.
Brennan Lee written.
There's a lot of really funny stuff, very provocative stuff.
Great, okay.
The last third of the book, it's kind of like the Dusty Springfield record you know,
and you got like, with a stopwatch.
You got to finish before your two minutes comes up, or...
And so the song is like about a minute and forty-eight.
They made sure they were...
You can hear it during the song.
They're speeding up and singing so fast, it's like they're on the helium.
Well, they must have done the same with Gary Indiana, because all of a sudden he starts writing it.
And of course, once he gets to the part where everybody's just about dead except Kunanan,
it's all...
And even before that part, where they were like in the David Madden's apartment,
it's all made up, because there are no witnesses to any of it.
So the whole last third of the book with acceptance of a couple of police reports,
which are pretty boring, by the way, it's all made up.
It's all his imagination.
And very poorly...
I mean, I've never read a book before where like two thirds of it was so interesting
and so fascinating, and so I really got into it.
And then the last third was like, hey, this guy must have just had a brain fart.
Is that okay?
I'm done.
And the 25 bucks for a book like this, 25 bucks for a book that's 250 pages.
There's a thing they had to like have to charge you by the page.
That's an awful lot of money for a book that's two thirds of a book and is only 250 pages.
But it does have the new picture of Kunanan looking just like Sam Misham.
Haven't seen him lately, by the way.
Thank God.
Now if we can just get rid of Greg Reed till he heals up with that mono,
seriously, isn't that irresponsible?
If you have mono-nucleosis, should you be in the office running around exposing other people
to a highly infectious disease, which by the way makes you really very sick.
I had it once before in Kindle many years ago.
I had moved.
Every time I move, I get sick.
And I'm just going to remove and schlepping all kinds of stuff around.
And I was like, just dead on my ass.
Head mono, which by the way, they didn't diagnose in the Baptist hospital down there in Kindle.
The hospital where the schmutz was falling out of the ceiling out of the vents over my head.
No, my caropractor had to come in and say, oh, did you do a mono spot test?
Oh, no, I don't know.
And they did that guess what I had mono.
Of course being as much as I am, I know all about that mono-nucleosis.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
I was calling you because I think it's just totally appalling.
I'm a woman.
And these guys...
Speak up.
I can barely hear you.
I'm sorry.
These guys who have these millions and they're in can't pay.
That's horrible.
Right.
They ought to be in jail.
They should.
And plus, oh first, I got a friend who works for Child Support in the State of Florida.
I'm going to talk to him about Gary Sheffield and we're going to nail his ass.
Good.
Right to the wall.
And Oprah also had a show about that.
But I'm not blaming the woman.
But some of these women are just having these one-night fangs.
Yeah.
And they know these guys.
They're just baby making machines.
Right.
So why would you even...
Why is it?
I mean, I realize you sound like you made me a little dark and conflicted.
Yeah, yeah.
Why is it so much goes on in the black community if there is such a thing?
Why is that?
Why is this such a black thing?
I think it's the lower class.
Yeah.
Because I'm not.
But I'm just going to emphasize that it's the lower class.
So in other words, even if a guy got $17 million from one year, he still could be lower class.
Yeah.
Right.
Like I said, a pig in a mint coat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Excellent point.
Okay.
God bless you, sweetheart.
Thank God somebody cared.
Somebody responded.
Oh, yeah.
Leave it to a nice black leader there to respond to my plea.
About all this scum.
And of course, it's usually...
It's the...
It's the guys.
The women don't admire any of these guys.
It's the guys.
It's a guy thing.
It's a sports thing.
Oh, yeah.
He's...
And they great...
Like Ed Kaplan comes on his station and says he would pay the price of admission just go out to the ballpark.
And see Gary Schiffy will play baseball.
They would...
They could pay me $1,000.
I wouldn't go...
If he was playing next door.
If he was playing Tilly Winks next door.
And I wouldn't go.
And that's what I have a great deal of problem with even though I do like Ed Kaplan, he's a good guy.
But maybe he's got a bet on the game he figured his hero hit one out of the ballpark.
I win him the bet.
That must be it.
Because then he couldn't possibly be that dumb that he admire scum and trash like Gary Schiffy will.
That's running around making babies impregnating women and then just kind of like walking away.
Because he only made $17.5 million last year.
Larry, get this.
I was just in the men's room and I just finished, well, you know, pleasureing myself, so to speak.
So I'm cleaning up and who walks in but Alicia Silverstone followed by six supermiles.
Well, as you can imagine, I was pretty drained, but Alicia tells me they're ready to go.
And I'm looking for a guy man enough to take them all on.
So I popped my roll agra instantly pop wood and completely satisfied each one of them.
There was no downtime and I held out until all six of them were completely weak in the knees.
You want me to believe that roll agra helped you pop wood that fast?
I don't think so.
It's 11.03 at 5.60 WQM Happy Tuesday to I got 207 on you now.
I got ESPN news, the ESPN news channel.
So that in case there's any hockey trades with you, I'm sure there'll be loads and loads and loads.
Quartz, Quartz, between now and the deadline three o'clock will pass them along to you.
Because I mean, are we going to get any from the sports department?
No, let me ask you this seriously.
I mean, we're in this room and these two rooms and totally isolated from the rest of what's going on up here on this floor.
What is happening like in the control room?
Is there just a pot open in the other room and there's nobody in there?
Is there?
Correct.
No one in there open pot.
Just an open pot.
So if somebody should come along and go in there and just happen to hit like the wrong thing or like
hit their elbow on something, we could like be off the ear in a heartbeat.
Like that.
And I mean, are there people like doing stuff?
I mean, doing sports?
I think of the talk studio.
Like, you know, they use that big table to clip out newspapers and stuff.
They're clipping out coupon.
The update guys and yeah, thanks producers, you know, do show prep in there and whatnot in the talk studio.
In other words, they're playing the gym ramega scene who wins the NL because their exam is given away as any.
Yeah, since there's a shortage of working telephones, I'm sure they use their hotline to you know,
make dates, right?
Yeah.
But there's people, you know, Millar.
But the one I'm saying is so in other words, if some like the panthers made a big trade or the Leafs or some team that any of us might care about,
there, I mean, and if something came over the sportswear, it's unlikely that we would get it.
And that would you trying to say, we could make arrangements.
I got ESPN news right here.
I mean, as long as they still haven't shut our direct TV off yet, they haven't shut it off yet Greg.
Get those cheap bastards over there and Naples to pay their bills.
82 dollars and 90 cents.
We get a past do thing.
There is no shame in this company.
I'll tell you that.
By the way, speaking of athletes that you admire so much here's an article.
I mean, every year we didn't, the article about Jerry Schifffield was in the gossip column there on the local section.
Now you turn to the living today of the TV section.
Here's Stephanie Laudis, who's got to be some kind of like a 15 year old intern at the right about TV for the hero.
Because they can't afford to see every other major market so called they have a real person that writes about radio and a different real person that writes about TV also.
In like real newspapers, do we have a real newspaper here?
No.
No.
Tom Jikker's got some silly article about satellite dish owners because he's all been out of shape because he's got a big dish.
So he writes it in the business section today, which is who cares.
So you got to do both times.
You got to get you a big dish and a small dish too, like I do.
Because the big dish I hate to say because I love my big dish, but it's becoming obsolete.
I hate to say that Tom.
What can I say?
Calls flood WSV following on air rift over Orioles game and speaking of ESPN by the way, they're going to be televising that game in Cuba.
Oh no!
They're not going to be, John Miller is going to be going up down there, is he?
Oh my god.
John Miller and Joel Morgan, the dark, complex, and Joel Morgan he's going down there too.
Yeah!
To tell him why he's that game with those commentists.
Soft Florida TV viewers never shy will write call or email local stations about reporters stories.
They're delivering their haircuts and that goes down about, well here's the thing about Marilyn Mitzel and some stupid diets.
See, I wouldn't email Marilyn Mitzel about diets, right?
Email her about those eyes.
I mean, she does not belong on the air unless she gets rid of those cat eyes.
Right?
She's the freakyest looking, silliest looking thing ever seen in my life.
She's even more cross-eyed than the bitch who used to do those infomercials.
You know what I'm talking about?
There.
So anyway, last week viewers rallied in the support of WSV channel 51's Neralyth Janos.
After deciding Florida Marlon's picture, Leavon Hernandez had been rude to her.
Janos had asked the former World Series champ to comment on the controversy over the Baltimore Orioles upcoming game in Cuba
when he ignored her, the two wound up in an angry exchange that the station aired on March 16th.
Why would we show it to see that?
Man.
What do Leavon have to say about it?
That's f***ing bitch.
Hundreds of viewers called the station.
Most of them are complained about Hernandez behavior according to Channel 51, though some did defend Leavon and that's the end of that story.
So I'm sure there's much more to it than that.
Of course, nobody watches Channel 51, right?
Except about 20 or 30 old sticks.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
In response to all the illegitimate kids, it's just, what is that all about?
Well, it seems to me that it doesn't matter how rich you are and even if you leave your environment, it doesn't mean that it's obvious that it doesn't change the individual.
You can take the scum back out of the ghetto, but you can't take the scum out of the whatever, however that goes?
Yeah, that's the basic, I mean that's how I believe it's happening.
I mean, what other reason would there be?
I don't know.
I mean, of course we feed this in Hollywood a lot too.
You know, this one is got a baby by that one.
I mean, you know, and this is, it's just, I'm acceptable to me.
I'm one of the biggest perverts it was ever born, but even me, I can't relate to this business of people running around just making babies and then just kind of walk it away.
Or like, Jody Foster, she's got a baby.
Does she have a father?
No.
Do we know how she made the baby?
No.
But, you know, there you go.
Everybody's making babies.
And not only that, whatever happened to the thing of just taking responsibility for your asses.
Right.
Of course, goes thrown out the window.
It's almost as if I've got the money.
I might as well just do whatever it takes to do what I want to do.
And the, in these assholes, sports nerds and sports writers and sports casters who continue agglating these people because they can hit a ball far or something like that.
I think it's about time that some of them stood up and said, hey, guess what?
Here is Chefy of the scum bag period.
School.
You know?
Not only that, on another subject, the media.
I don't know if you've heard about the big horrendous crime that happened out at the Semite National.
Yeah, of course.
You've got to have a phone.
Yeah, I read the paper.
Right.
They had an interview with the law enforcement agents last night.
And every time they would say, well, we can't divulge it.
Yeah, I saw that.
I saw the press conference.
Right.
And, you know, doesn't the media have a clue that when somebody said, oh, no, they don't care.
It's ridiculous.
No, it's like, it's like when somebody's son or daughter gets murdered and they walk up to them and they stick to them.
It's like a case of Mike interface.
And, oh, well, how do you feel now?
You know, what do they expect in the sea?
We're having a party.
We're dancing.
We're going to go out partying tonight.
What do they expect?
It's like the sand they were, they kept asking the parents of the two, you know, the bodies they found out that the women, they were asking, well, how are you holding up now?
Well, what are they supposed to say?
Oh, we're doing great.
We're going to look at over this in a couple of days.
We're going to go on with our lives.
What kind of a question is that?
How are you holding up?
I could tell what my reaction would be.
Yeah.
I take them out.
I do violence on them.
Right.
I mean, I would literally just, I would display everything in my brain and say, how are you holding up now?
With that, and the one question that really irked me was, why can't you tell us what the cause of death is?
I don't want to know about the cause of death.
Right.
I know that the crime did it.
And not only that, but how many different times did he have to say it?
I mean, again, they may, they kept trying 15 different ways to make the guy answer the question.
And he said, guess what?
We're not answering that.
I know that the crime was committed.
Fine.
I found out that the crime was committed.
Now, get back to me when you catch the SOBs who did it.
Now, I'm surprised they didn't want to see pictures.
And they kept trying.
Can't you release pictures?
Exactly.
And can't you give me an autopsy report?
The media is sick and they talk badly.
God bless you, sir.
Thank God for us.
Thank God for us, Northern American people.
I mean, Northern European.
Whatever the hell we are.
Are we North American?
That's what I mean.
I mean, once you get south of Texas, and even that ain't too good.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
Attention, football fans.
In the past, you've had the opportunity to show off your team spirit
with team logo credit cards, team logo jewelry, and even team logo dinnerware.
Well, you've got all that.
And now you want to show that you are the ultimate football fan.
So, for the rest of this NFL season, official NFL tattoo artists will be touring the country,
looking for a few brave souls to have their favorite NFL team logo tattooed.
On their ass, show it off in the locker room.
Wow.
What a fan.
Or it worked.
A lot of your pants, football, great, or for the hardcore NFL couples.
Your girlfriend can have your favorite team rivals tattooed on her ass.
That way, before the big game each year, you can do more than just say.
Them, you can actually do it.
NFL team logos.
Are you a real fan?
Then fill that blank fany.
Wow.
Let me put it in at 560 WQM Heikl B.
Oh, it's a lip-dump.
I'm going to put it in the back.
I'm going to put it in the back.
I'm going to put it in the back.
I'm going to put it in the back.
I'm going to put it in the back.
I'm going to put it in the back.
I'm going to put it in the back.
I'm going to put it in the back.
I'm going to put it in the back.
The Bugit 6 o'clock is going to be eating for four hours on a year.
And Ed Kaplan was going to be a raving about Gary Sheffield as the father of our country
from Pendulo the wee hours of the morning.
Dennis Rodman, by the way, wistled for kiss.
That's right.
Technical foul on Dennis Rodman at Piece of Crap.
He found a new way to get a technical foul.
He blew a kiss at the opposing bench, and the Laker stayed on beaten with him in the lineup.
As he finally came back from Vegas when he straightened out his personal problems at the heart rock cafe.
Rodman got his strange technical in the third period after making a foul shot.
He blew a kiss at the Maverick's bench.
Referee Ken Mauer hit Rodman with a technical foul.
Laker's coach Kurt Rambus was incredulous.
How can he get a technical just for blowing a kiss?
How do you like that?
See, the games themselves are for the most part so boring now.
All these events, all these things.
So there has to be some kind of a side show.
So that's what it's all about.
Dennis with the hair, with the makeup, with the drag, with a blow on a kiss.
That's what it's all about.
Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How are you this morning?
OK.
I have a little bit of a beef.
I listen to you every day.
Yes.
And I've listened to you for several years.
But I didn't stay up for the hockey games Sunday night.
It was kind of late by the time it ended.
I had to go to bed around 10.
So I put on the morning show on Monday morning to get the final result.
I hear it wasn't guilty because I don't think he did the morning report.
But it was, some guy came on and he goes,
the panthers and a night come from behind win with four, four quarter goals.
Yeah.
And I said, wait a second, I thought hockey was played in the stadium.
That's Armando, what's his name?
He's a stick.
I think he's an old old hockey player.
You're so bad.
You're nothing about hockey, what do you want?
So that wasn't bad.
I called the station and I said, how are you expecting people to work for me?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Why would you call the station about something?
You know that there's nobody except me on the station.
And there was anything about hockey.
Why would you call the station?
It just bothered me.
It bothered me because...
Oh, get out of here.
Get out of here.
Well, seriously, somebody says something like that.
I mean, don't you need a life if you have time to call a radio station
because somebody said something stupid like that.
Then you've got a problem, sir.
You need psychiatric counseling.
You need to get a search party to find you a life.
In fact, we ought to make an announcement.
We ought to have like a disclaimer.
Other than Geldy, who sucks around with the team,
and at Fat Neal and Midday, who's a hockey maven for 40 years,
other than that, nobody on the station knows from that stuff, okay?
That's all.
This isn't a sports station.
This is a...
I don't know what it is.
It's an ego trip for the boss.
Okay, who did you think at least would get a haircut?
Now that he's got all these games on it,
we're getting you off M Sports, we're getting the...
I think we're going to have the soccer game
or Arena football.
We're getting the Madador, see if we can't keep them going.
I mean, you name it, we're going to put it on here.
25 hours a day.
Bowling is going to be on a radio.
Golf, we're going to be doing golf tournaments on a radio.
Joe Costello is going to be doing, you know,
the Indy 500 on the radio.
That's right.
There are cars again.
There are cars.
Here we come.
There he goes.
Yeah.
But I mean, it disturbs me that...
And you know, all the whole station,
the last day, it started last week.
It started telling a little bit, I remember commenting on.
And then this week, it's like we went into a brick wall.
Like, now I've got two calls on here.
I'm not going to let it disturb me because I realized that the people are...
Something's happened here in town.
They're very busy.
They're making out their taxes.
They're all going to jail.
Something's going on.
I don't know.
They're making little gentlemen babies.
I don't know what it is.
I can live with it.
I've lived with it a million times in his town for 100 years.
But here's the guy that take...
Not only did he take the trouble to call the station,
to complain that Armando made a mistake and said,
quarter instead of period,
now he takes the trouble to call me to tell me about it.
How do you like that?
I mean, that's just incredible.
I mean, you think that somebody important,
like maybe my doctor would call and give me some good information.
Wow.
Yeah.
That was fast.
Well, I'm not going to make somebody important like you will wait a little while.
Maybe you'd be saving somebody's life.
Well, actually, I was just calling to tell George that almost everything's back in.
Remember, when I was there on Friday,
you told me to run every test that was appropriate.
So, appropriate.
And so...
I said every test that's ever been invented.
No, yeah, but you know I wouldn't do that to you.
That'd be like, we're up in your office.
I can do a million tests.
So I showed you the whole compendium with like 4,000 tests.
That would be totally wrong.
So what happened?
Well, I thought the loopest test that you mentioned,
not so much as loopest, but that it's an indicator for certain kinds of drug reactions.
I went ahead and ran that.
Yeah.
And that came back negative.
Not if you do not have loopest.
You don't have a whole 90% of the usual kind of drug reactions.
But you know, that looks at one branch of the immune system.
The immune system is almost as complicated as there are stars in the sky.
Yeah.
And I'm not claiming to have a 100% understanding of astronomy either.
Anyway, what about that elevated protein?
Okay, well that is almost done.
That came back.
What is that going to show?
Well, that's what I just wanted to talk to you about in fact.
Because again, I can't tell you exactly what the charge is or I know money is no limit or no object.
No limit.
It's only fair to tell you I don't exactly know and I can have a zelio coil you back and let you know what it costs.
Yeah.
What happens is they take the protein and then they fractionate it with some electrical method.
And it shows peaks and curves, which the peaks and curves haven't come back yet.
But you have what's called a polyclonal gamma elevation.
It means some kind of inflammation.
But by the time we're done sort of running it down, working it up, I'll have a better idea of what it means if anything.
Yeah.
Last inflammation of what?
Well, it doesn't tell you that.
You can make inferences from it, but it doesn't tell you specifically what the inflammation is.
Now that could go along with your rash.
But it's going to turn out, if I'm right, it's just going to turn out to be an indicator of the protein.
The fact that the rash was inflammatory and as opposed to a base of dilatory drug reaction from the adolescent, I'm sorry to bladder.
Now I can start to sound like that guy at the Cleveland Clinic.
Yeah, except that I know you follow me because I know that you know exactly what I'm talking about.
Listen, I want to tell you how sharp I'm getting even though I still look like crap.
Yeah.
I am off of my glini, the micro-nase, I'm off of it.
Two days now, my blood sugar was 100 this morning.
I'm eating almost no carbohydrates.
I'm doing so and down on my real scale, the 199, when I saw you last, I weighed 213 in your office.
Yeah.
So I'm serious about this.
Right.
And number two, in fact, that's when I put you on, where the hell did I do with it?
I got my Walt Green's number here, George.
And when I get down, I'm going to put Mark on hold because I'm going to need, see, the other doctor, which I don't want to rip him behind his back.
But of course, he's forgotten about me anyway because he's got important people like Paul Vell-Buriduoreva.
He puts me on 50 milligrams of hydrochlorothides.
I just wait!
I heard that.
Wait!
That's a, that's the intake way of doing it.
I don't need to have a blood pressure of 78 over 52.
It's a little bit too low to make me happy even though I do like it low.
So I've been experimenting because I did read in the book in the Merckmane.
12 and a half they do make it.
If you might get me a prescription, 12 and a half, then I won't have to keep chewing these things up and chopping them down.
And my blood pressure is sensational.
I've cut my low tension in less than half now than it was before.
And for whatever reason, I guess because now I'm starting to eat right,
and I'm going to stop it with all the bullcrab.
It's amazing, and my goal is within six months to throw all the medicine out.
Well, I just have to repeat this.
Every time I see you, I say the same thing.
Remember, I've been telling you for years, your personal blood pressure control method
that you use is very non-standard.
Not only is low tension rather unusual drug, not that-
But let me ask you this though seriously, because you know that most people are so non-conscious that they don't take their own.
They don't even have one of those cups like I do, I take them in blood pressure.
So you can imagine if my pressure is 78 over 54, and I'm not taking it, oh you don't want it.
If you had been taking it.
No, that's when I was taking the full 50 milligrams.
And then I take it three o'clock, another low tension, which I usually would do.
I would pass out, I would faint.
Yeah, right?
Surprise you didn't spin out while you're driving.
But luckily, because I take it at that point, I say, well I'm not going to.
So in other words, what I've been telling is true, I religiously, three times that they take my blood pressure
when I get up in the morning, three in the afternoon before I go to bed at night.
And if I need to take any of the medication I take, and if not, I don't take it.
Because what's the point of taking a pill when your pressure is 98 over 60?
Well let me ask you a historical question.
Is the other doctor, again, we're not knocking him, because he and take the shot.
Sure you are.
No, no, no, no.
Not going away.
And take doesn't mean bad.
I'm not important enough for them.
I'm not a hockey player.
You know, they only care about the big shots.
Well, remember, you had a lot to do with putting up, well I know that you had a lot to do with putting the hockey players on the map.
But anyway, is he an older guy?
No.
He may just be more or less?
Younger.
Wow.
He must have went on to a different school.
Because school of thought that is.
And by the way, also now that I've cut the HCT way down, I don't have to worry about the elevated blood sugars.
I'm going to cut out the micro-nails, the glen, and I'm able to do that because as you know, the HCT.
So, I mean, how can you give 50 milligrams to a person that's diabetic?
Well, you can.
You're supposed to monitor it.
Not right.
You're supposed to monitor it.
Not good.
Okay.
Well, you're the last guy I want to argue with.
And that never gets me anywhere.
Yeah.
But I agree with you because you start low, go slow as a general rule.
And what about this cigarette, this 11 on the set, right?
What about, forget it, normal.
Less than 20 is...
Yeah.
And then the bun now, in the Merck Manual, I looked this up on my very own and you would take in the HCT.
Also makes for elevated readings in the blood plate.
Oh, wait.
Let me explain that.
Now, that's one of those problems.
Look, you and I both know that if I...
If you sit with a book and you look at your results, you'll get 90 percent of it.
But that's one of those little items that you probably wouldn't get without somebody giving you some perspective.
The BUN, what's really important is the BUN alone, blood urea nitrogen, or the creatinine,
which is the real marker for kidney function.
What's important is the ratio between the two.
And they don't really begin to change unless you get actually dehydrated or actually start to have some kidney damage.
Yours was negligible.
Yours was right.
I wouldn't even worry about that, Miss Lightest.
Now, again, I'm not saying that because you say, well, I blow stuff off, I'm a minimalist and do nothing.
Yeah, but yeah, you know.
I know how you feel about that, or at least what you say you feel about that.
But sometimes you've got to have the big picture, and that is that that ratio was not important.
You weren't even having any changes at all.
No, it was the normal ratio was fine.
Yeah, to make the whole thing start to change, you really got a forced drug
and dehydrate the patient or give a kidney stone or tie off the arteries or something.
Dramatic has to happen, and then you'll see a dramatic change of the span of the couple days.
A couple days, that's the context for when that information is useful.
It's got a dramatic.
You're dramatic, but your kidneys are not.
Thank God.
That's like saying, I tell people all the time, your problem is common.
I look at them and go, well, that doesn't mean you're common, but your problem is common.
Most of your patients are.
Everybody is so nice.
Exactly.
So I'm doing better, and again, thanks for coming up last Wednesday because that, you know.
Well, I had a good time.
Without these numbers, I need, like most people, I need a good scare every now and then.
You know, not that these were that alarming, but I need a good scare.
It's in the cholesterol.
You can't keep screwing around.
And by the way, the yeah, kidneys is great, but it doesn't mean you have to be, you know,
all that fatty meat all the time.
That's not the way to go.
The lean food works very well too.
Exactly.
Okay, if you'll hang on, I'll give Georgia's got my number for Walgreens.
I need the 12.5 HCT.
Right.
And God bless you.
Tuna.
And thank you so much.
Bye.
Okay, he's on, wherever he's on.
There you go.
Neil with the doctor.
That was great.
See?
Oh, I should have had him hold on for Greg's mono.
That's what I should have done.
Maybe he could have fixed you up, huh?
Oh, he likes people that pay their bills.
It's 1128-560.
What is that?
Doug, the grease man was on his knees.
Tears streaming Sunday morning at Springfield, Virginia.
Churches, the ass James, Virginia assistant, forgive his own airmark about birds dragging death.
At least I feel I expressed my sorrow for what I said, track told WJLA TV.
A church member said track was received with low.
He attempts to disappear for a while, hope it all blows over and come back and say all those things again.
How about we drag his ass behind a truck?
Awww!
A few hundred yards, huh?
The digital stack is in the church.
Is your bank equivalent dining you to death?
Just say F-U.
The church member changed its name every three months.
Just say F-U.
Does the teller ask for ID every time you want a cash ad check?
Just say F-U.
That's right, F-U.
The bank that knows where your business belongs.
F-U.
Today, tomorrow and always F-U.
So if you're looking for good old-fashioned service, courtesy and accuracy from your bank,
well, F-U.
F-U bank member of the federally underwriting corporate cult.
Yeah, just like the end of this, uh, this Arab business guy.
You have the day.
What a story that was.
He goes into his F-U bank.
He goes into the drive through the cashier, $3500 check.
And all of a sudden they come from all over and they're putting the handcuffs on him.
You're under arrest.
Why?
Uh, well, uh, not your business.
And the best part of the whole deal, not that he needs the money,
because this guy's got some bucks like most of those A-Rabs.
He's got some serious bucks.
He's still in Iran.
Ah, yeah!
And by the way, the best part about my new car.
See, the other car that I just traded to Red One, that was finance through.
It was the least car through F-U bank.
Remember all the problems I had with them that I nearly got a stroke dealing with them?
That they kept losing checks and losing paperwork.
And every time I talked to somebody up there, they didn't know their ass from their armpit.
And if you bank, the same bank that the rest of this guy did,
that a mistaken identity calls the cops, has this guy arrested,
because he looked like somebody that had been passing bad checks.
And then they give the guy a hundred dollar certificate for publics.
And he says,
Get it up for it.
Yeah.
Goes and gets his lawyer and sues their ass.
I hope it gets ten million dollars from F-U bank.
I took that payment book in there to Greg, to my buddy, Greg Nelson,
at the back row yesterday.
And I said, here, I don't, I have a bonfire.
Burn is out in the front there.
I never want to deal with these people again.
They haven't got a clue what's going on up there.
And they're, you know, big, big institution up there.
Yeah, they ought to be in an institution.
Clueless.
See, this is the kind of country this is.
Now, you go to the bank to take some money out, you're ready to check.
Not only they have to have eighteen different kinds of ID,
and check your shoe size and penis length, but also, hey, you're under arrest.
Why? Well, none of your business.
I hope he gets fifty million dollars from F-U bank, and send us a check over here.
So we can pay our direct TV bill.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless bank.
I'm sure a lot of you are, you know, board here in Dr. Mark on here doing my personal law.
But you know, something too bad.
That just goes with the territory, like I said, getting the free meals, you know.
You have to play the role of a big shot.
You go into public, you know, you try to buy a couple of items, and here's poor Deborah there.
Oh my God, you're on TV.
Yeah, right.
Deborah, you're a sweet little girl.
Okay, you're nice. You're very nice.
Even if you do listen to Howard.
A lot of my people listen to Howard. That's fine.
Even though quite frankly, you know, I'm coming to work this morning, and I'm so desperate.
This is the third time since he's been on this market.
I punched over to that station because quite frankly, by the time I turned it on,
if they just went to a commercial break, I'm back. I'm the work already by the time to break ends.
I just don't have that kind of time.
And they went through a thing about stuff on the internet, about the women peeing, you know,
about guys watching, women taking a leak.
And it was about as funny as if I said, and everyone, yeah, that's funnier, seriously,
than what they were talking about.
And after about three or four minutes, I just gave up.
I mean, you know, he's doing great. He's legendary.
He's got the hype machine behind him. Now, it just must not be for me, you know.
I just don't get it. What the attraction was.
But never like I said, okay, take care of the paying customers, please.
Even Frankie was getting embarrassed.
A nice job, by the way, Frankie is not suspended in school this week.
Or that on your cannot yet. It's only a Tuesday.
I'm telling you what, I'm a superstar in public, you know.
I really am. I'm a legendary.
If I would just hang out there all the time.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Good morning. Yes, sir. Good evening.
How you doing? Was it the only feel that they said was the father of our country?
Yes. I think maybe he's trying to father his own country.
And now, Gary Sheffield wants to be partners with my guest.
He wants a little, the action in the storm stuff.
He's got Gary Sheffield. He's got four kids by four different women to none of whom he's married to.
To the Tanan Mahoum he's married.
That's really crazy. I don't understand where it starts.
And I don't know where it's going to end is a damn problem.
No idea. Anyway, what does that mean?
What do you mean where it starts?
It starts with people admiring scum and people who are the sports nerds pretending that these people just because they can hit a ball or do some athletic thing.
That these are wonderful people. That these are people that kids ought to be admiring,
admiring baseball coach and crap from getting their autographs, paying them for an autograph.
I mean, where it started since the beginning. I mean, the very first one to go off and have all these legitimate kids and...
Part of it all had to be getting that went on in that good book and that evil book.
All the beginning that was going on that pair on the ground.
Yeah, they were beginning it all.
Last night I wanted those news shows. I thought in the Maria Shriver's, I don't even remember what the name of it.
And I just caught the tail end of the story. I found it was...
Did you find it get a chin or what?
She's quite a bizarre looking woman, I think.
Anyway, the head...
Arnold said she gives good chin.
They had this story on about this really rare syndrome called Alien Hand Syndrome.
I think it was an A of A.
Have you ever heard of this stuff?
Alien Hand Syndrome?
Yeah, it's like well one hand.
Better get this doctor back on the phone.
One hand what?
It's just like a plot?
One hand has kind of no. It has like a mind of its own.
Oh like Michael Keane.
Yeah, it's like where...
Is it the hand?
Right.
Actually what they think it is, it's just kind of like a theory that one side of your brain...
Remember that Kogbapasant novel for those people like their stake wear?
The Filet Hand?
Right and where one side of your brain is a conflict with the other.
And they actually had one guy on their hand tried to choke himself.
And I mean...
He was trying to choke it with one hand and the other one was pulling it off.
That's right and it wouldn't stop.
It's like it wouldn't give up the ghost, you know what I mean?
I said back and I was thinking about this and I'm going.
How many people out there right now are saying that it's not a syndrome,
it's actually like the hand is possessed by a demon kind of...
Fuck it, can't get off.
Yeah.
You know I'm just...
I was just...
You know, just kind of thinking that...
It does sound like an action.
Doesn't it sound like an action to the devil to you?
It does, right now.
I mean there should have been a priest.
There probably was some priest calling on the phone saying,
I can cure that guy.
I can cure him.
You know, I've got the extra system right and all that kind of stuff.
I just thought that that was kind of bizarre.
Well maybe we can get an exorcism on here and cure everybody that's got that out there.
I'd love it.
Let's do it.
Tomorrow while we're smoking some of that Gonji here on the ear.
I think...
In closing I heard Rick and third this morning.
Yeah.
And I did...
I touched over there for a few seconds too, but it just...
It didn't hold me for some reason.
Did you hear him talking about a member that...
I guess it was Phil's birthday a few years back.
One thing that made my number, I just moved out to another station.
And they put the frozen cat in the refrigerator.
Right.
I thought that that was great.
It was kind of reminiscent of the old...
You know, I, of D days, is kind of like a flashback kind of thing.
I thought that was great.
Well they did it again.
No, they just had talked about it.
I think what they ought to do is freeze Pete Bolger until his ass is refrigerated.
Well I'll guarantee you there'd be more parties this time.
Have a great day, pal.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 60, on the 18th to the wireless line.
No waiting a week this week.
All the shows on this station.
Like I said yesterday, when Hank is desperate for calls,
you know the rest of us forget it because he gets calls, you know.
He...
Not good calls necessarily.
He gets the calls.
The sort of gamblers, the sports nerd.
What is your opinion, you know.
But it's just, you know, you guys, you got something going on, you won't let us in on.
Maybe they're...
Maybe they taped that stuff off by MTV, huh?
The spring break stuff.
With all those young, new, wild bodies.
Male, female, somebody read it can't tell but who cares?
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
Let me tell you about a great place.
Pete's a lot.
By the way, I got a note this morning that Jeff Cohen loves you talking about his wild sex life.
Maybe he'll get late even more, which I don't think is possible.
Certainly, do you think that there's anybody getting as much action as he is?
Is there anybody who looks like that that's getting late that much?
I doubt it because he don't look too good.
Anyway, it's getting real close.
It's that time of the year again.
And once we get to...
What is the Passover?
Is it on your calendar?
What is Pace Off Start?
Is it a ways off?
It's in this...
Go on to the list to me.
It's on 45 at 5.50 WQM.
We got Hank Goldberg from the Lippen.
The Lippen.
Just a sound of that.
And I heard Depho bitching about the security guy over there.
What a asshole he is at the end of their show this morning.
The Lippen.
Oh, it makes me nauseous.
The Lippen, the Honda.
Yeah, another head job.
By the way, you know, they had a thing on the newsletters.
I channeled four.
I got a suggestion for you.
Mine, you're on goddamn business.
They're complaining about, you know, as you're driving on the interstate and the highways around town.
In Dead County, they've got these posters, these like cloth.
What do they call those things?
You know, on the polls?
On the light poles?
You know, these like little banners on the sides promoting the Lippen or whatever is going on in town.
They got some for a Danya Highlight.
You know, they desperately needed the Appearamutials are all on Death Store, okay?
And channel four, sticking their nose in there, bringing the attention of the state.
You know, Governor Walken lot and they brought the fact that they had the Marlboro was advertising auto races or something.
So Walken lot and they of course was a goody too shoes.
It wasn't feeling too good anymore.
He made sure that they stopped that.
We don't want to be promoting cigarettes there on the banners because little kids might be out there seeing those banners while they're being while they're driving up and down the highway.
So now the new deal is channel four got a hold of the right people until I have to and they're going to crack down on this thing and make sure.
And what's the big deal with that?
To me, quite frankly, they look good.
It actually looks like a place where there's some stuff going on for a change.
Instead of the usual sterile landscape that they must love over their channel for.
But we're working for you.
We're working for you.
Nobody's watching us but we're working for you.
And Angela Ray still makes me sick to my stomach.
She's just going more and more into that silly goose routine.
She's always just cackling and laughing and puking.
Got a murder story on here.
She's laughing around so I get that thing off your lip too, Angela.
By the way, it looks like a guy named Herpy.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's Jason.
I called you before.
My wife's going to teach you an Italian out at the BCC David campus.
Yeah.
It's really disappointing you haven't come to class.
Come to class for what?
To learn Italian.
Why is that?
Well, because I know you want to learn Italian.
I got Dr. Jack is my Italian teacher.
But I'm good and ready to resume with Dr. Jack.
I'll let you know, you know.
Okay. Well, I'm calling Dr. Professional Deadbeat Dad.
I don't know if you ever got a chance to read the Sports Illustrated article last year about them.
Yeah.
If you want a real laugh about how many of them have fathered numerous kids in the same year with different wives.
Sterling Sharp, Shannon Sharp's name a few.
Black.
Yeah.
Three kids from three different women in the same year.
Yeah.
Well, maybe I was in the family.
Maybe it's a family thing.
Yeah.
But did you know that Mark Messier, also had a child out of wedlock?
Why?
And he had a paternity involved in that as well.
Yeah.
There's one.
I guess one or two hockey players.
How many other white guys are doing this?
There was Larry Bird, also.
But that was somewhat of a different situation.
Larry Bird is reproducing?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
His child was during his college years with his college sweetheart.
But apparently he's never recognized her.
So it happens occasionally.
Yeah.
So others, we got two white guys and the 500 black guys doing this.
But that's not why.
But that's not why.
Seriously, it's primarily a black thing and you're not supposed to say that because people get all of them out of shape when you say those things.
Well, I don't give a crap.
I'm sick and tired of it.
I'm sick and tired of pretending to admire people who are scum.
Who are trash.
You're right.
And whether it's Mark Messier or it's a sterling sharp or Gary Sheffield, I say, scoo all of them.
In closing.
In closing.
In closing, I call someone to do some back.
Go ahead.
Danny, you're a douchebag.
Okay.
Danny, I wanted to do some back.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 0, 5, 60.
And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Like I said, we got about 25,000 open lines there for you.
See this whole thing with the grease man, it goes back again to depending on what part of the country you're in and which ethnic groups just like to think of the baseball game in Cuba.
If we were living in Pittsburgh.
God forbid, nobody would even be talking about that.
Nobody cares about it.
Whether the Orioles are playing in Cuba in Tel Aviv, in Moscow, wherever the hell are going, nobody cares.
And that's why the grease man got fired.
And as far as I'm concerned, and I'm no big fan of the grease man, I mean, he's okay.
Another hype job as far as I'm concerned, but nevertheless, he's got some funny stuff.
But he got screwed.
Because in DC, of course, they got a very...
Hey, it's like that thing with a guy who said niggeredly.
And gets fired because we got illiterate people that don't even understand what the word means.
If you look up niggeredly in the dictionary, there is Greg Reed in the beastlies.
Their pictures are right next to it.
That's what niggeredly means.
It means so cheap that it's embarrassing.
So cheap you have to live in a high-rise in Halentayl.
That's right. That's what niggeredly is.
But you know, it's like...
And you know, we're all supposed to...
We're all been intimidated.
You're supposed to keep your mouth shut and don't say this because then it makes you a racist.
That bull crap. It just makes you honest.
And whether it's the white trash on a jury's Springer show, or it's the black ghetto-ease mentality that's...
And if you're going to be able to do this totally responsibility of everybody, let's make a whole bunch of babies.
Even if we ain't got no money coming in.
This is a big part of the American F&P problem. I'll turn it to that right now.
But you're not supposed to be saying it.
Because we don't want to offend anyone's sensibilities.
And isn't that interesting? Thank God the only person that really talked about this was that black lady that called in.
She knows what I'm talking about. She knows it's a bunch of crap.
That's why we have all these kids with no parents.
I mean that's the new statistic in America by the way.
Kids with one parent.
Not because of a divorce, not because one of them died, but because they just... they only ever had one parent.
Like Jodie Foster for example. There you go.
What is that all about? And we're supposed to be happy for her.
We're supposed to be a thrill for her. We're supposed to be felling for her.
That somehow, some way, she made a baby.
I wouldn't be surprised if Michael Jackson's wife is making those babies the same way.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Maybe she's got a telepubby. Yes sir.
The problem is not only with the Gary Sheffield.
As you just mentioned, the problem is all the other fathers who are fathering children
and then walking away from the responsibility.
Gary Sheffield, she can get a lawyer to go after him.
She already got the bucks.
Exactly.
And you got the bucks to pay.
These other guys are having our fathering the children walking away and nobody's making them pay.
You mean that's what's wrong?
The state's picking up and we're picking up the problem because nobody's worried about that.
You know what I bring to mind two words that I keep saying on the show for years and years.
Everybody just kind of chuckles when I say forced sterilization.
Those are the two words that come to mind-mind.
There's a lot to be said for it.
Right. Okay. Good luck to us pal.
He sounds depressed.
Don't be depressed sir. It's only Tuesday.
I'm doing great my dime.
Now what did my doctor say by the way?
Can you interpret it for me? Did he say anything of...
No.
I don't know what he said.
I think I told him more than he told me when he came right down to it.
Don't you think so? I think I gave him a better five six seven.
He's a good guy but I'm the expert.
Five six seven oh five sixty,
five sixty on the 18T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Medley. Hello.
Hello. Yes ma'am.
Yes. How are you doing?
Great.
My brother listens to your show every day.
Right.
And I think it's kind of corrupted him.
Why is that?
Well, we can carry a normal conversation and all of a sudden he'll sit there and say wreck them.
And bless he's having a real fetish about women sitting on his face.
Is there anything that you think I can help them do with this problem?
Yeah, go sit on his face.
Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18T wireless line.
She sounded like what's his name's boyfriend?
A girlfriend friend.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yeah. How are you doing today?
Okay sir.
Did you happen to watch the Michigan State came at all this time?
No, I did not. No.
So you didn't see the size of the Matin Cleezas lips?
No.
Okay, just thought I'd throw that out there.
Didn't see it.
Shameless request?
Yes.
Michigan State fights on.
Don't got it.
Five six seven got one call off the board.
It could be a short show.
We got a short show on Thursday because we got an exhibition Marlon game 1250 on Thursday.
See that? This is what kills me.
Remember last week those people calling in bitch and we had two back to back Thursday and Friday?
All those people carrying on.
Oh my god, they're stealing.
You know, and then we are here the full four hours yesterday, full four hours today.
If we can make it and we got no calls.
You're like a bunch of spoiled little brec.
You don't know what you want.
We put on a great exhibition Marlon's game there.
Nobody in their right mind could possibly do that.
You don't like that.
But I'm here feeding you out some really great stuff here to sink your teeth and do.
And it's the same with our your craft.
I'm going to, I guess, have to be the one to whip these bastards back into shape.
Or I'll just go out and do the, well, let's do the show tomorrow from a ballgame somewhere.
We'll hear the noise in the background.
Oh, Jay, just fun, but of all the third base.
There's another air sloppy play.
You know, I mean, what was that going on here yesterday?
What is this station thinking about?
Are they thinking?
No.
I mean, is it like mandatory?
I thought that they used to do all these outside, outside shows because they hated that building over there in Sheridan Street.
Now we got these new somewhat sterile, but at least cleaner surroundings.
And there's still a lot of being in this building.
Maybe they're afraid to use that restroom down there since your buddy stole the lice all.
I don't want to mention Josh Friedman, that big fat smelly thing.
Yeah, fat and smelly.
You know something?
That seems to be the thing here in this place.
Fat and smelly.
We got fat boy.
And then we got the what's his name?
What do we call it?
The Bullies.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Well, a chef, he had a quote of the year so much earlier.
What was that, sir?
Well, he had mentioned that if it wasn't for his contract he had paying him $12 million a year.
He's an asshole.
This is what we're talking about him having a shape as much as he could.
That's right.
That he was going to retire.
If it wasn't for the $12 million a year he was making.
And that was the other quote.
Oh, see, and that's another thing with Gary Schiffield.
And that is that in every other way besides fathering all these illegitimate kids, he's also an asshole.
And everybody knows that and always has been.
Yeah.
And they couldn't wait till they could find a way to unload him in his 10 million dollar salary out of here soon enough.
Okay.
And then Neil, I need to point that I got that.
So why do these people come on the air and these sports writers?
And they're always sucking up to these guys.
What is that about?
How can you admire somebody who's such a piece of crap?
Well, I don't think they suck up the Gary anymore.
Oh, sure they do.
And the point that I wanted to ask before they brought up this last subject, I've probably found hockey for like 40 years.
When did the room become so important?
Oh, that's just the other media thing.
You know, that's used for a guy who can't play.
Right.
Oh, but he's good in the room.
What does that mean?
I mean, he's got a long tongue, I guess.
I don't know what they mean.
Oh, thanks.
Okay.
He's good in the room.
Maybe Tore Eggman's good in the room.
You know what I'm talking about?
Ha ha ha.
You have an open line on the board in case you want to join us, which we doubt.
5, 6, 7, hey, you know, either way, it makes no difference to me.
Yesterday I got psychotic, then I realized that it was the whole guy at the Amrita station.
I do take these things personally.
Do you believe me?
No.
No, I don't.
It just sounds good.
Oh, I like the wee wee.
Congratulations, get a life.
And now another exciting offer from video treasure chest.
Just in time for the peanut's gang's birthday on October 2nd.
Did you know that Snooki used to have genitals?
Find out what happened in this lost television special.
It's a Charlie Brown Neuterine.
What are you doing with that night, Charlie Brown?
Oh, hi, Lucy.
I'm getting ready to fix Snooki.
Charlie Brown, you're such a blotchhead.
You have to get a running start.
I do.
Here, you can run it up.
And at the last minute, I'll pull the Venus up out of the way so you can laugh off its testicles.
Well, I guess I can trust you.
You always pull the football out of the way.
Ready.
Okay.
Here I come.
Ah!
You hear me pull those Venus away.
I only pull away Pigskin, not Thor'skin.
The Missing Teenunt Special featuring Snooki's Missing Genitals.
Yours for just 1995 in local video stores.
Video treasure chest.
We've got rooms of this crap.
Come on, it's past note at 5.
Did you have to get questioned by the way if you're Jewish,
does your dog have to be circumcised?
Uh-huh.
Why not?
See, I don't understand.
You got that Jewish account, that crazy, crazy David that the lunatic, the orthodox,
with the days landed to fill in these were in the tallest in the year I'm like,
I mean, this guy is Stone Age would be an upgrade for him.
That would be an understatement.
And yet, you've got the hoodspot, I mean, I realize your own personal situation,
you couldn't help, but to try to promote this idea of circumcision being barbaric.
Clembride.
Is next to godliness, at least you want to understand that?
Yeah, if you don't bathe like a fat boy.
Oh, can you just, can you imagine?
And how about if you, if you are circumcised and you still don't bathe like Josh Friedman?
Can you imagine what his, must smell like?
Um, right in the middle of lunch you're doing this, sorry.
Sanua Rogers diet.
Here's a mobile in the grove, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just had a nice footbroker's burger, please keep the Josh Friedman talked about.
Okay, sorry.
Sorry.
Neil, going back to the sun you said last week, I happened to catch bow camper on the news of this couple of days ago.
Do you're in the headlights?
No, you know those things you got to go back?
Did you get over that?
The strobe lights they use like on the, the battleships, you look like you face with one of those.
Oh, and you need to go see a rick for some extra make up, these are a little bit bad.
You know, get there, heavy alright, give me a little, give me a little time, cut him some slack.
Anyway, um, what do you feel I looked at talking about these, um, one, one, one, I feel anything I can.
One parent kids, Neil, what do you feel about all these bull dicks now, having a artificial insemination or insemination by somebody?
Do you mean like, like, do you, like, do you feel fast, do you mean?
What do you feel, how do you feel about that?
I find that nauseating and grotesque and revolting. What is that all about?
I have, I know somebody that their neighbor, I mean, do we have a shortage of kids in this country?
Do you have a shortage of people in the world?
Of course not.
I think it is, I am pretty liberal, I am very liberal when it comes to that, I don't know.
What, I mean, what's that kid that's going to grow up to be?
I mean, he's got two bull dicks for parents.
I mean, talk about all the, that's a different, I mean, that's a whole different subject.
I'm talking about bull dicks actually making babies.
Oh, that's about adopting.
Oh, he crap.
Anyway, okay, pal, go, okay.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I say I say other than hockey and then they're right on the edge to as far as I'm concerned other than that
Let's this band professional sports for five years
Oh
And see how things go
Wouldn't that be sensational?
It's like you know I come on here and I recommend you these different books how many people read a book and
I wonder every time you go to go to the borders you go into
Barnes and Noble the bookstores are packed
Are those people buying books? No, they're sitting around and they're looking up stuff you know reference stuff whatever
They're read freebies, you know they have those lounge areas dig making a cup of chino they're reading some free
But then they put it back and I'll take over they stick it in their bag and I'll take go you know
Because those places are all doing the land office business. I mean that borders over by me the one on sunrise packed always jam packed
loaded and
I'm wondering I mean who really reads books besides about ten of us
Here's for a lot of them. Hello. How you doing?
Okay, sir?
Speaking of gaze you know the gate cap of the world is right?
Hi, Leo. Yeah, that's your next remote better go into the look that you can go to hialia Westland. Yeah, Westland Monatirum
And that's about it. Okay. This guy was already unhold by the way had no material
Five of us, huh?
I don't know five six seven oh five sit maybe he's in a hurry maybe his boyfriend's waiting there with a woman
Oh by the way, are there glory holes in a women's restroom? No
You know that's an interesting thing. I've never really stopped to think about this how did glory holes get started
Seriously
Also now no this is a more
Reasonable topic is their graffiti on the stalls in a lady's restroom
There is
Women write graffiti sure. How do you know that are you hanging out in the women's tea rooms every chance again?
No, seriously is there graffiti in there?
I thought it was not it's not as
Filthy or as prevalent in a lot of people in the scum or air scum your air is it say you know a lot of penis stuff
Not a daiki stuff
Oh most most of the graffiti I see in men's do is a penis stuff too
Well, I guess what you expect to fight a penis in the toilet, you know in the rest of it makes sense to me
How does somebody go about starting a glory hole? I guess very carefully and very slowly what do they do?
They what kind of a do they take it all?
You know what an all is a carpet is all what do you take in there? I mean that usually it's pretty heavy wood
Between those stalls. We're not talking about the you know a little sheet of plywood. We're talking about a big heavy duty
Seater like it says nothing seater box
Right what kind of wood is that the easily a heavier plywood? No, no, no, but the thick plywood
No, not plywood. It's not plywood in between the stalls and they like down in our men's room out here
That's plywood. Oh like a formica stuff. Yeah, duty stuff, but that's thick stuff
Like particle board with a formica over it. Yeah, but it's thick sure
You can't like take a pencil you know, we're like a key and like you've got to be there has to be a lot of work
That's a labor of love that's got to go in for a long time a whole saw would work really well
Is that what the w?
How about a bow saw like the one that miss midwin got a neck co-off with by
I'm spiked and you know when I'm driving down root thine w on a hot summer day me and the missus all went stop at Dickens
Dickens fruit stain they've got everything from fruit to vegetables homemade pies, but there is nothing like their cider
Ain't that right honey?
Uh-huh dick insider. Yeah, sir
Why even though we were late for church last Sunday she had to have a little dick insider
She said there ain't nothing like even my minister says this is why I've enjoyed a little dick insider now and then hey
Why don't you bring some home and offer tip to plastic rib bottle that way it'll stay fresh or you can
Wicked sit a while and have some hard dick insider
It's good it runs good and dinner and there's nothing like waking up with a ticked insider
Dickens fruit stain just a fruit 9 w and cut your road 69 open 24 hours because I threw a chillish summer night
I like to snuggle up in bed with a hot dick inside
in
25
65
George was just asked me says what's a common term that white people use for Brazil not so said I have no idea
Oh, yeah, I see they're showing the uh and and guess what you know our sports department
But whatever it is was supposed to help us out with these NHL trades today the trading deadline. There's nobody over there
That whole side of the building is dark
So to speak dark
But a caller claims that the Tampa Bay traded windall car to Detroit for Kevin Hanson
It was their backup golden is a good gold tender by the way certainly ain't no cori slob
Yeah, they're showing a great one on your last night big comeback for grepsky every time you play as the rangers
I figured dump embarrassed by Tampa six three last night. Nice going guys
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line in addition to my advice
That marzetti's uh so salad dressings and that is good stuff seriously. I'm gonna bring some in tomorrow and just eat it right on the jar
Chunky blue cheese with big chunks one gram for two tablespoons
delicious
In addition that here's another
Recommendation highly for people with diabetes
From dr. Bernstein's book oh by the way that guy called back yet the uh no dr. Bernstein guy
And that is if you're worried about your feet because when you're diabetic the two things you're most concerned about your feet in your eyes
Okay, your vision and your feet
Take care of those feet baby because when your circulation gets bad your feet
Have got tourists and you know what you do with the what your massage your feet with olive oil
In fact only what happened to that big good job right there on the microwave
Oh, yeah, now that's too expensive for me to use that on my feet, huh?
Well, that's real heavy-duty expensive stuff that verolio
But uh what's his name brought to us south outcome?
Yeah, but boy, but I have oh I'd have healthy feet. I'm serious
Smirred all over your feet now. You're every night before you go to bed olive oil your lever
Or just Tony oliva here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello
Mobile and hollywood hey Neil yes, sir
Hey
Has anyone say anything about these guys that they're
They're wet and they're father and his children, but there's nothing about unprotected sex
Yeah, I mean
And not to mention the what's the window that for for a woman to get pregnant three to four days or a month
Certainly then she and off goes to Jersey for a fourth round draft pick. What is it?
I'm keeping my on these the deals here. I got to watch the tv because we don't have any sports department here
And this is make believe sports station everybody's out for lunch literally
Yeah, but I don't know I just think it's good
I mean or sterilization then you don't have to worry about protection so you don't have to worry about that forced sterilization
All right, you know, thanks. Okay, you let me go out there around the countryside. I'll pick out the scum
We'll sterilize all of them and I'll guarantee within a matter of a years life in America
greatly improved
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello
Hello, good afternoon, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir
Three comment thank you for what you should give us over time for this week. I can see this is gonna be one bitch of a week
Yes, sir
Marzetti's blue cheese awesome. Wow. That is good stuff
Number two. I should have been forced to rely because number three my wife and I are just heading home from the hospital
We just had our boy ready new circumcise
Yeah, just coming home right now. Great. Clean one is a healthy one, right? Exactly. That's right. Good work pal. Keep it up and the work too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
That's the only problem in Europe is now let four skin runner monolous. That's the problem
Especially if it is loose. Oh bad news
Here's a mobile in popino. Hello
Hey, yes, sir
Who's that in the studio with you? Who's what? Who's that in the studio? In what studio?
Who's that guy you talking to? You
No, I'm talking about the guy in the studio with you meaning what
Meaning like what you do got you did you bring back the bird? Yeah, the bird is in the studio. What do you want?
What can we do for you sir? What's your materials? You got any? Oh like no. Okay. Thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line retard moron jackass
All you have to say is he's an asshole. Here's pond beach hello
Uncle me and I only have the blue cheese. I excellent with that
Cedar salad also a lot of stuff
But is it all is it all real low carb though? That's my point. Well, that's a little higher. It's pretty good, huh?
It's a little higher in carbs there. See I'm happy to like blue cheese anyway
So the fact that I got two tablespoons one gram. I mean, this is like dying you go into heaven
Oh, it's a delicious. I love it. It's a challenge a big shallow there with a little tuna in it
Maybe in the couple of olives and a whole bunch of this stuff in it. Oh, it's excellent. Then
Like radishes. Yeah. Oh, excellent. You know, it's funny you mentioned the
the olive oil because we've used olive oil for
masturbation and
We have to yeah, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going okay. All right. Yeah, I'd like to be a volunteer for a poor
civilization
I'll wait just had two colors right there. Oh, I'm just paralyzed
I'll be right there. Hold on hold on. He's volunteering. Okay, one call after this look at it
Look where it's from now one calling dates now one in Broward now one in Palm Beach now one in four mires
Here's Laguna Hills, California. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going man? The worst. This is the worst week of my life, sir
Every moment that I'm sitting here. I wonder if it could be the last you were talking about banks before right? These are the dead
Seriously, there must have been some kind of a seismic event that happened in this town
And they forgot to report it because the Oscars were on or something and then this week
It's like this whole town is dried up and died. I'm serious, sir
Let me tell you a story about banks in California
The check system the what check system which is what it's pretty much like a like a cutter reporting deal for banks
Like if you have an NSF or something whatever
Yeah, right. I had an account that was eighty six dollars. I paid it off right they reported me to check systems
I can't open a bank account anywhere for five years
I think it won't there for a dollar they were over a dollar. Yeah, I got reported
They can't open account anywhere to use a check. Oh, thank you. Santa far. I'd move over there. That's where I'm going next excellent
Levin eels good luck, sir. Bye. Okay. Here's our last call for callers today
We made it almost till 12 30 today yesterday not even that far
Oh gee, not another exhibition ballgame. Let's put a ball game on okay. Let's put a ball game on and go to lunch
This crowd man. I'm talking you talk about out of material
Just now that I'm getting my energy back. I really maybe that's what it is
See when you feel a tharge you can kind of fit in here, you know you fit in with a landscape
One then you start feeling like a little bit alive and you look around you and you can smell the death the decay
The drifter they drifted it on some kind of a rubber you got drifters decadence drug dealers and dead people
That's what you got
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
The Bernstein guy
I don't know my a decadent
What does that mean the Bernstein? I may times that I beg you to call you didn't grossy dr. Bernstein
Well, I don't just sit and wait for you, you know here. I am you got me
He's the greatest you called George off the air and I begged you to go on here and tell us and you refuse to do it
Which as far as I was concerned was an active insulin?
Insolence I mean what why would you tell us that you're gonna go somewhere and then
Then when you get back you don't want to talk about it. I don't get it the only reason is because I don't think everybody is
Interested well not everybody is interested in anything these people are talking about what is that I'm interested
Okay, I'm interested forget about these people. We don't know what they're interested in yet
Okay, that's all I care about is you any I wasn't anybody else. It was wonderful. It was intense. It was
Three full days with this guy one-on-one and I'm not talking about the sexual part. I'm talking about the health part
That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, the essential part. No, I'm just kidding. The guy is amazing the guy is a
What did he do for you? He's a type one diabetic and he's 66 years old
I know that I'm not sure I'm the one that's the red the book remember I know all about that. What did he do for you?
Put me on insulin even though I was making flamin's only put me on insulin
He took my blood sugars, which are consistently above 350
350 yeah, consistently, right? Yeah, I know and now they are
My target is 110 right now. He's got the 120 125
And it's a regiment of a bunch of shots every day
Shots when you get up shots covering every meal and adjustments. Yeah
That's basically I mean the guy I get to eat pretty much what I want and you watch what you do the guy is amazing and I talked to him
for 15 minutes
Once a week and he makes adjustments to the makes adjustments to the protocol
But you can't do the fish food thing you just you can't cover it first
Well, I know I yeah, I love you to death, but I don't think it's
It's the right program for you. Well, first of all a program. It's called
Sous-Side eating that stuff you can't do that. I know
People force feeding you killer carbs. You can't do it. They're morons. They're eating about the
ADA. They're still telling people about the ADA. They're murderers. They're they're murderers. They're killers. They're killers
I know they're killer. But anyhow this guy believe it or not. Here's a true story
Do you know Dr. Atkins is a patient of this guy really I swear how do you like that? How do you like that? The guy is amazing
He lives a beautiful home and the man is almost exactly only even more more restricted than the Atkins as far as the
Carbohydrates and as you know, he says you never have to eat another piece of fruit in your life
He has me to piece of fruit in 20 years. You don't have to hang that fruit and no exercise. It's not necessary. Right
Yeah, well, okay. Well listen, keep it up
God bless you. Okay, I'm glad he's in call before. Well, no, because I mean his thing is about the insulin shots
Which is fine, but that's nothing to do with me
But this guy has saved his life and by the way you're welcome sir. I saved your life guys blood sugar was run in 350
boy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. You know how you usually talk about the literacy rate and
The Pacific ethnic groups occasion. We have a little trouble with the language
It's gotten to the point now where some universities are having to teach speaking across the discipline
Did you catch that piece of Sun sent me up today? No
They're they're now saying that mall speak has invaded the schools where people can't speak
More than five words at a time without saying you know and like and that sort of thing
Nothing. No, that's that's soldering the hills. That's been going on for a hundred years
Yeah, I know well. I mean how about a college teaching speaking across the disciplines is getting a little bit difficult
Getting strange. Okay, good luck to get a new phone
Okay, one call left on the board. Okay, what can we play here between now and two o'clock these guys got no material
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
We need to have an investigation. Get shy lot combs on the phone and have them coming to town. See what's going on here
There's something really but or maybe it's just this phone system because it's the whole radio station now by the way
You notice that maybe it's our whole phone system
Maybe we've got a thousand people out there frantically diving right out trying to call in and they can't get through to Q.A.M
You believe that? No, of course not
Sounds good though
It's like the guy to call the for about the Orlando, Alze Gary this pronounced or he made a mistake
I called it the fourth quarter instead of the third period whatever and call the station about it
I mean, we're all the billboards. I'm a big believer in honesty at least to a point
Where are the billboards in this town that say I have no luck come on
That's what they had to have those things on the polls in fact
You asked holes at channel four since you're so worried about all of that crap
Why not have big on all the polls take away the commercial advertising and just having a little truth for all the tourists down here
Put up a big sign that says I have no luck as if they haven't found that. I already went in here more than five minutes
Yeah, I called up the station to complain
Yeah, kid baby
Time I always will remember
Watching that first day watch episode
Girls running on the beach
Sensing up and down together about some
But would I like
Oh
I like the songs and
Okay
Welcome
So
 your song gets
This got your
Years of my
Oh
I like
I like the songs and but some ones in string.
I like the songs that show me every thing.
I'm related.
I like the songs that show right up the behind.
Wreck, wreck, wreck, wreck, wreck them.
I like the songs, I like the songs.
How do I would pass over approaching?
I'm starting a new Millethan group called Jam,
Jews Against Mata.
Huh?
Well, sure, if they let's get rid of that crap, all right?
Mata is the garbage.
Now, I do like the Mata pizza and we have the Mata lasagna before not.
We'll be checking that out.
I won't even have that already.
Hopefully in a few days.
Come on, Jeff.
Get with it.
Put that bitch down.
I mean, come on.
Get with it.
You're a program.
So I have a fact here that it's going to knock your socks off.
Mr. you especially.
It is from a group of not listen carefully,
a group of concerned citizens, not concerned,
concerned citizens, Miami, Florida, with a phone number no less.
And it's written to Univision Network,
Attention Administration within Address in Miami,
Administration Office.
As a group of concerned Hispanics,
Oi!
We are ashamed about the manner in which Hispanic females are portrayed on the station.
Our English speaking male co-workers constantly describe Channel 23
as the Spanish Playboy Network.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man!
We do not understand why your station needs to degrade the Hispanic female
in order to obtain high ratings.
We feel that you do not have the image of this community in mind
when your decisions are solely based on finances and ratings.
Is that right?
Yes.
It is a shame that our Spanish speaking youth have no other choice
but to watch the shameful programming
and it is more outrageous when the female youth want to emulate
many of your so-called stars.
For example, are we to become a quaint?
I'm reading this exactly the way it's written, okay?
Like you live it.
Are we to become a quaint with other parts of the world
or with Viguerra's Branson buttocks?
Welcome!
Are we to land for the pranks on Lente Loco
or O'Dalus Constant Sensuous Movement that expose your cleavage?
Even from your impact, those anchors have changed their wardrobe
from traditional businesswear to casual sexiwear.
All right!
We will not even discuss Sabro Gigante,
Vien Venido's, Calliente, Notte de Wehrmuss and Lisco's Anonan.
I like Sabro Gigante.
Oh, yeah!
They forgot Porcel.
Don't get porky with me, Mr.
It is very difficult for us as counselors to change the perception
of the youth when the number of our Spanish speaking network
supports and encourages the exploitation of the female body.
Oh!
Have we lost our values, our morals and our commitment
to the community for the mighty dollar?
Yes.
I hope this is not true.
Desiring you to take action and recommend your so-called stars
to begin to cover up a little or schedule these programs
at a later time.
This is just the beginning of our campaign.
We will continue to explore other avenues
if we don't see any changes in this matter sincerely.
Now, for some strange reason, there's no signature on here.
It's just that the group of concerned citizens,
carbon copy, the FCC, County Commissioners,
Channel 51, the Miami-Herald, the Aria, or Las Amticas,
and FDL Castro and everybody else.
Huh?
George Rodriguez, Jose Canseco,
Puppy Campo, Desi Arnez,
Poncho Gonzalez,
Porfirio Ruberosa,
Fulhencio Batista,
Madagal and Grande Simo.
And there you go.
On and on the coast.
How do you like that?
That's the only reason they get to know.
If you have any other reason.
Anybody watches that crap from the unventured traces
because they got all that flesh on here.
Even I like that several gigantes
whenever I pop across it every now and then.
That's right.
Squared squared.
You got to watch callientes.
Whatever you like, it's on it.
They got naked chicks, naked guys.
Young M&M, what's wrong with that?
It's like MTV's spring break all the time.
A group of concerned citizens.
Are we to become a quaint?
Why not become a quaint with English language, okay?
Why not get out of the back on a banana boat
and stop trying to suppress and repress?
This is always what goes on in this town.
Why would they write that in English, by the way?
Why not?
Because they're a group of concerned citizens.
I'm so they're executive.
Don't speak it in English.
Have you ever seen them?
See.
Poor Kay.
Okay, poor Kay with me.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Hey, Neil, did you see in the paper today
about Bill Geiger's going to try and take off the road?
By having to do a eye exams and hearing tests now?
No, I did not see that.
How great.
It's in the heralds there.
Get their ass off the road now.
Before I leave today for mommy's house,
get them off the road now.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
Look at that.
Two calls left in the board.
After this unbelievable facts,
you repressive banana boat people who know nothing about freedom.
All those horny young hordeos and then others,
by the way, that's what they want to see.
Don't you get it?
Why do you think the only show that ever got a number besides
Magge on Miami was that them thing out there in the beach,
tens and nines and eight and a half?
That's the only show anybody ever watched.
5-6705-60-0.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm wondering what does explore other avenues,
mean fire bombs and intimidation?
Maybe.
Probably.
Who knows?
Under the shadow knows.
Ask them.
Ask the group of concerned citizens.
Well, I always said we should probably just line the date-broward border
with explosives and just flash.
I keep you in date, right?
Okay, 5-6705, well, he's in the 80s in Miami.
5-6705-60 and pound 5-60 without our last call.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hello, Mayor.
Yes, sir.
What's up with them concerned holios in there, man?
The hell's going on.
They've got the young or something.
We like CNN.
Like, they have flash and ass.
And that's right.
You know that, though.
You know that?
TNAB&D.
ABC2.
J-A-N-A-B-C.
C-I-C-K-2.
Right.
Hey, can I put a request, though?
Maybe.
You remember like all of them complaints you used to get
and then old people call the new install.
Can you put that for me?
Can I play that?
TNAB&D.
I listened to the way these phones are going.
Now I can play every one of them.
Look over here, play a part.
They want the whole rest of the show.
There you go.
God bless you, sir.
Hey.
No.
And don't forget, forced sterilization.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the mobile one line.
The most bizarre time.
I mean, air has been all through the, you know,
air-re-kind of machination that's possible on these shows
for our 23 years in his town.
And now all of a sudden we're like, hey, there's something going on.
You can smell it.
You can feel it.
Maybe Jeff Hyde's got something to do with it.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello.
Hey, Neil, love your show.
Uh-huh.
That fact you got somewhere to the one you received as far as the
hairways, W-A-Y-S.
Right.
Just want to comment on one thing.
It seems that everyone who is not American always wants to pick on an ethnic group
which they don't belong to.
If they were just trying to make their ethnic group a better, they could stop being made fun of.
Meaning what?
Meaning that the society we live in is always picking on somebody else.
Why does everybody have to be part of an ethnic group?
Why can't we be individuals?
Why can't we be people?
Why do we have to be professional specs and professional?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Whatever else, okay.
What's this?
See, I'm telling you, you can say all you want, all right?
There's more.
I had one the other day I got cut off in mid-sens.
This guy's on there.
All of a sudden, like right in the middle of a...
There's something going on with these phones, okay?
I've been doing this a hundred years, boys and girls.
And anybody that tells me that something they'd be in patching around with our on this whole radio station.
But hey, don't confuse them because the program director's out to lunch.
The engineers are busy trying to recondition the 500-year-old car machine with a headz-al-cho chewed up.
You know, we can't be worried about that stuff.
Just all you people out there buy some advertising, pay your bills.
You want to buy some Marlon's baseball?
No.
What are you doing?
Where do you run your rounds for?
What was that all about?
A suspicion.
That what?
That somebody's using the shared lines and guess what?
Somebody is.
Somebody's using the shared line.
Because once we pick them up and put them on hold.
What did I tell you when we were downstairs?
See, this is what I don't like.
Not that we ought to be able to have our...
Should have to have our own phone numbers.
But people are patching around with the phone in the other room.
One of three rooms.
They all use...
Wait, this is four.
These are the on the airlines.
Why should they be touching these lines in the other room?
Because the lines are dark and the interns don't know that...
Interns?
My ass!
The interns are...
I have an arousal of our phone?
Well, they don't know that there are phones.
Seriously, someday...
I promise you, someday I'll work on a real radio station.
I'm telling you that right now.
I just made up my mind.
This is so far from being a real radio station.
This is a joke.
This is an embarrassment.
We're on the air in the middle of a call and all of a sudden...
You know...
Because we got some 10-year-old kid out there who's a jocks nipper
who's farting around with our phones.
It's dangerous!
In Miami town,
as far as we go,
WQA!
Yes, sir.
With all due respect, I just want to let you know that I was able to make contact with the FCC
and Washington DC and they said they're going to send me information in a package.
As far as making a formal complaint about the Neo-Logis show and the format,
and I also was able to contact the Christian Coalition Ralph Stores
and we might be able to organize a group of people that can call the sponsors
and all of the spots during the Neo-Logis show and complain
and possibly let us know that we will not be shopping in the stores
as long as the commercial group is being land during the Neo-Logis show,
which is not a show.
It's obscene and pretty disgusting.
Now all of this can be avoided if you guys change your format, tone it down,
ask that disgusting pig to stop talking about anal sex.
So it's in your hands.
Correct them.
I feel that you guys are turning it down a little bit and I will probably not go ahead and probably complain.
Otherwise, it's ready to go.
Right, it's a pig.
Right.
Okay, that sounded like a failed threat from another good Christian.
Concert Christians and I was how many months ago and we're still here.
You notice we suffer from a real shortage of spots.
If you notice that, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, I'm personally going to take charge of this phone thing
because I want you to stop and think about this.
If it's the same phone system we had before, it's the same numbers.
Now the whole place has got these numbers, right?
But if it's the same system, why would the lines be different up here than they were down stairs?
Because they added more.
Meaning what?
What do you mean by that?
Like, you know, when the big telephone room with all the wires, you know.
You don't understand.
When they add an extra line, the only thing it rolls over to another line.
But everything has to be totally different.
And these yellowed is the same.
What do you get here?
Do you listen to me?
These don't roll over.
I think what we have is like the old choke exchange thing.
I think that's what we're dealing with here.
It's no seriously.
It's been like this every day that we've been in this room.
Every day.
This is the seventh day.
We are dealing with the choke exchange.
There is something about the whole way that this phone system is set up now.
And you sit here during the whenever we see the phone calls to get in the morning show.
Worst in this.
Non-existent.
And when I'm here in the Humper yesterday, I'm here up there in Vieira.
And he's saying anybody interested in anything?
I mean, like, and then they got one mobile guy and they were the bad mobile phone.
And he had to go and that was the end of that.
And that was it.
For like about 20 minutes.
See, the print.
And you know something.
I'm glad I didn't buy a desk.
Pornimble not so we hear down the hall.
I'm glad I didn't buy him a desk because he is a pussy and he does nothing for us.
All of these things are things that he should be involved in.
I mean, if you come right down to me and say, who's running this place?
Why are there people sitting around there?
People we can't even identify.
Farting around with our phone with the on ear phones in the other room.
Because nobody is running this joint.
There's just a bunch of bodies all over the place.
Doing all of these things.
Right.
So what the hell do I need to buy him a goddamn?
If he's too much of a pussy demand his own desk, then let him sit there.
And like he's in kindergarten.
Would you be a good place for him?
By the way, Wimp.
See, everything always has to be reduced.
You can never discuss with these people anything serious.
It's always got to be, you know, with the elbow and joke it around.
Aha, yeah.
I really am honored by the fact that you would think about buying me.
And let's start dealing with some things with like business.
All of these things.
Right.
Which I know is not in your vocabulary around here.
Here's Helen Dale.
Hello.
Helen Dale.
Hello.
Yes.
Why don't you talk about the time when you were...
Why don't you talk about the time you were born 200 years ago?
You old fart.
You're disgusting old fossil.
You pathetic old.
Sonny Rosenberg doing a call.
That's what we're reduced to now, okay?
You pathetic old piece of crap.
Why don't you walk there and have some peas for lunch with my aunt up there and I in the Akando, okay?
You pathetic old, old, old fossil.
You, what's wrong with this, Tom, sir?
You and your ilk.
You're all being put on a bus.
We're all sending you to God, then Venice.
And we're not talking Italy.
Yeah, let's send a bus east to Venice, Italy.
See how that flies.
Five stations.
That's more your life.
Turn on, call Mikey tomorrow morning.
He's playing music from the 20s, the 1820s.
Oh yeah, I forgot.
I interrupted myself before and then.
You already hear the music he's playing.
Oh my God.
I mean, stuff they stop playing on it.
Stuff that makes Perry Como seem like a beat.
And current.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound five, six, eight, on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Kindle.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
What's going on?
Okay, sir.
Question four.
I understand bitch complaining gets ratings and so forth.
I understand.
I understand, you know, your style of the show, your bitch and then complaining.
You know, might bring ratings and so forth.
I don't mind it most of the time, but I have to do this.
What real stations have you worked for?
I mean, I know you're always bitching about five, six, but it has.
There have been one before.
Is it just they all suck pretty much?
In other words, I just came on here, been on the market 23 years.
I just started here 14 months ago.
Is that the idea?
Have you worked for one before that you actually didn't complain about?
That I didn't get.
What kind of a phone have you got, sir?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, here's a Fort Lauderdale.
See, again, no material.
So let's not attack Neil.
We got nothing else to say.
So let's attack Neil.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
I'm sitting here on my lunch break watching a rate this.
And I got news for it.
By the way, I would be had its problems, but it was light years ahead of this place,
even in taxonomic, but go ahead, sir.
Hey, I'm sitting here watching a rapist talking about how he's got to send troops over to Coast of O.
Yeah, a rapist, uh-huh.
5670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Six seconds of waiting for this call.
There we got instant service today.
Ladies and gentlemen, real callers with real brains.
I'm down here in Dave County, Neil.
Hello.
And?
Yeah.
These people around here, they just don't understand your style.
You know, you're doing your thing.
And you can make them understand my style.
I've been doing this for 100 years.
What, when we have to start explaining like I just came on a year yesterday,
because we're in a different room or something.
What are the people talking about?
Of course I did.
What are you talking about?
Your style is your style.
And what are they listening for if they don't like it?
What are they listening for?
Why would anybody listen if they don't like it?
Because you're an anarchist.
Exactly.
I listen every day.
And if you say something I don't agree with, it doesn't matter.
And like I said, every time a substitute for having anything to say about anything
is let's attack whoever the host is, okay?
And especially Neil because Yadi, Yadi fill in the black.
You know what I'm saying?
They got no material.
Well, I read it.
I read it over the fact that I've put it out that this whole town is run dry.
They have nothing going on in their lives because they're here maybe.
I don't know.
Nothing.
I get it.
I'll listen to Brook Daniels and they're here.
There you go.
That's right up there, really.
Listen to the battling brook.
That's right up there, Ali.
I know how the big station team looks on it is Marcus.
Like, ex-fine in the mobile.
Neil, can I make one request, I think?
Maybe.
Yeah, I haven't heard the Buffalo bill with a plastic surgery.
Could you play that?
I haven't heard in a while.
What?
Yeah, okay.
He hasn't heard that in a while.
Is that, is that sad?
Since yesterday, right?
Today is Tuesday.
Yesterday was Monday.
Did we play yesterday?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
See that's the other substitute.
When you have no material, if you know, either attack the host or make a request.
That's a substitute for material.
For having anything to say about anything.
This is South Florida, baby.
About anything.
This fact that I just read here a few minutes ago, they should have had these phone lines blazing.
Did it?
No.
A group of concerned citizens, repressive, venenable-minded people, who believe in censorship.
And let's, you know, we never met our fascist we didn't like.
Boy, here's plantation.
Hello.
And you'll, how you doing?
Okay.
You're a funny guy ever.
Inclosing?
Yeah, no call.
No material.
I'm the funny guy ever, in closing?
I'm, you know, something.
I'm going to, I think we're going to have the phone taken out of here.
You know, even if I have to talk four hours every day, I was thinking about this yesterday
after I left.
Seriously, you people are the worst call.
I mean, the list there is, I don't know, because I would never call a talk show myself anyway.
But you figure in an area of four and a half million people and having done this all these years
and having allegedly this big audience.
And, you know, once upon a time we actually had people calling where it's up to say.
You figure out a four and a half million people after all.
And why do I even waste my time like the first 50 minutes this morning going through all of these things?
And I remember the very first call I said, well, if I can just change gears from it.
And I don't even remember what he was talking about, something in name.
About the lemon law or something, something about buying his car with the oil, his Hyundai, his little baby car.
Little teeny baby car, Hyundai.
I got to, when you can afford to buy a real car or not a Hyundai, call me back and I'll talk to you.
I'm not saying a Corvette, I realize you'll never, we don't want you driving a Corvette.
But like a real car, like maybe a lumina, you know, when you can afford a lumina.
A Celica, we like Toyota, we like the tamkin.
You know, when you afford a real car, call us back, not with your Hyundai.
Can you imagine how much it cost to change the oil on a Hyundai?
What about 75 cents?
Yeah, that's right.
In fact, all you gotta do is go down a certain parts of town.
You can get, you know, just squeeze some of these nose.
You get enough oil to stick in that piece of crap.
I don't want to see what parts of town.
Here's a mobile in Pember Pine.
Tell you how?
Uh-huh, great.
56070560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
And back at you and have a nice pace off.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir?
You gotta understand your dealing with the...
Moron.
I'm pretty uneducated, uh, populist.
Which actually brings me to the next point.
I wanted to talk about this judge that ruled that the NCAA cannot use minimum test scores on the F-18 or the ACT now.
Right.
So allow to, you know, screen out certain athletes to go to college.
And now all these colleges have to rely on now are their high school grades, which everybody knows that, uh, you know, the ice athletes get whatever they coached.
That's right.
It's all fixed.
It's, uh, very incredible.
So why do we have to have an NCAA?
Why do we have to keep putting the illiterate people?
Why can't we just have a special league, a special division for people who are great athletes, but are Morons, okay?
And pay them, you know, pay them like is, uh, somewhere between amateurs and professionals and put a few bucks.
And then stop lying and stop all the hypocrisy of the NCAA.
It's just like the, uh, OIC, it's like the Olympic Committee, you know, with all their bribes and bullcrab.
A minor league for all these sports.
Right.
From that at college.
That's right.
And if, you know, something, and let's take all those, uh, those, uh, scholarships, those athletic scholarships, and let's make some academic scholarships with young people in the brain.
There you go.
And send some people to college.
You might actually do something beside Jamm of God and basketball in a hoop.
Well, the judges' reasoning was that the tests were culturally biased and therefore, uh, you know, so, you know, I guess because the tests doesn't say, uh, you know.
Just like all of them people making legitimate babies.
It's a cultural thing.
I know.
Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir.
56670560.
It's 1256 at QAM.
You'll be getting your racers to me.
Hey, hey, hey, too.
You're telling the truth, God damn it.
Messing with our phones, Dan LaBash, did you jackass?
The Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's the Roger 52 hour.
Okay.
Here we'll conspiracy.
Get me a long more towel.
Because I should tie a turdwear.
I do that this would happen sooner or later.
I find a way to do that.
And I know I might...
Why are these these guys?
I thought wearing hockers were fed up.
But part of all them parodets, things, things, and stuff.
I'm gonna have to go.
I'm gonna have to go.
I'm gonna have to go.
I'm gonna have to go.
I'm gonna have to go.
I'm gonna have to go.
I'm gonna have to go.
I'm gonna have to go.
Yes, we're coming to find out Dan La Bastard from the Miami Hero is the one in there who's
poaching around with our phone while we're on a year trying to do a goddamn show under
desperate situation.
Dan La Bastard, that idiot, what's he doing in there?
He's trying to land the chicken for him.
I believe it.
I believe it.
This is the guy, I remember that wrote the most anxious sports column in the history of
this market after the Marlins 1 the World Series.
Remember reading that shortly after we came back on the year.
Oh yeah, well I'm a Cuban, that's why I was brought.
Not because it was the Marlins, not because it was our local team because Leavon won
the game and was the MVP and Leavon is Cuban and they're all Cuban after all.
We're real impressed.
Go eat some, go go eat some, you know, that horse meat.
Get off our phone and air you idiot.
Shouldn't have done it with some asshole from the Harold.
Here's Palm Beach Gardens.
Hello?
Palm Beach Gardens.
Oh God.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I just wanted to congratulate the Rangers on their outstanding job against the lightning last
night.
Yeah.
Yeah and hopefully they'll keep up the work and come down.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 60 on the AT&T wireless monitors.
A mobile and popular.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm sorry that you're having an awful awful week.
Yeah.
On behalf of the...
You sound like part of the problem.
You think so?
Yeah, you sound like one of the chronic, one of the chronic's.
No.
Cornuses.
Actually I'm laying down taking an app after a few months.
I'm surprised that nobody has talked about this war that we're about to get into for
absolutely more reason at all of the work.
Uh huh.
And why is that?
Because they're slaughtering people innocent people over there.
We just ought to sit back and watch because they don't affect you.
And let's worry about more about baseball games in Cuba.
That's what we ought to be worth talking about.
Something really that affects our lives.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the sea bring.
Hello.
Neil, how are you today?
Okay sir.
I moved up to Highlands County five years ago out of Papano.
Yeah.
All the people I run into, the gentleman that runs a radio station,
a little country station in the sea bring.
It was big claim the same as he was your old roommate.
My old roommate?
Job meter.
No, he wasn't my roommate.
You say you worked at a little radio station?
Pointy and it's so antty that's right it was my roommate for a lot of week.
Yeah.
He's got the same divot he close the air piece though.
Uh huh.
Yeah, how's Johnny doing?
Good.
He's a real gentleman.
He's a real sweetheart.
He's a real sweetheart.
He speaks highly of you.
How long it takes to a sweetheart?
He's a good guy.
Yeah, he's just like I said, same old man.
He went to Marshal Michigan.
He was the general manager in Marshal Michigan at a radio station that doesn't exist anymore.
WMRR.
Well, you said the radio station, the office was in an apartment.
He said there was a lady upstairs and you used to love to play the mansionally.
Have them early in the morning and real loud.
No, no, we used to have the engineer and I.
Harvey, we used to go in there at night and play music.
The speakers were on the ceiling and she lived up above and we just blasted them.
The speakers would be shaking.
They'd be, you know, and she would she would start the vacuum cleaner.
She'd start vacuuming.
She'd start knocking on the floor with her broom.
Anything to try to shut us up.
It was great.
That's what I started to learn to despise old people.
When I was in Marshal Michigan and I still do.
Well, I was shared out with you to keep it up.
Play hide to Johnny.
I will.
All right.
Johnny meter.
There's a good guy.
He threw the years in his business.
I met a few good people, five or ten, twenty.
Fine, then I came here to this station.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound, five, six, the only, eighteen, eighteen, eighteen, what else do I.
We got some jack ball from the hero in there recording a show for ESPN radio that we carry on a weekend.
So it comes in here and dittles with our equipment.
That's the kind of places.
This is a stepchild place.
Everybody in their brothers got their fingers in this joint.
Well, their fingers in their rectum.
Like I said, I'm sure gladdened by him any desk.
Is there anybody in charge?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, I called to see if you were giving anything away today.
No.
How about dials?
Oh, and he's already got, he's already got the phone turned up.
Nice going, Air sir.
Voice, faster than I am for an old fart.
He's already got the phone turned up so we can hear the sound of his own crappy voice.
The weak Miami died.
Just write it down in your calendars, boys and girls.
You think it was the return to spring?
It wasn't spring.
It was the end of the world as we knew it in this town.
This is the week your city, your county, your style, this part of the state, this tip of the penicilla died.
And I'm sitting here worried about the goddamn phone.
Who now am I kidding?
56670560, Tom 5.
I mean, I could, I could, I could get into goddamn rubber room somewhere in a straight jacket and get better material.
Just talking to my, just mumbling out of my breath.
56670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T Wattles line.
Nine minutes after one at 560, QM, Han Goldberg from the Lippen.
The Lippen boy.
Anybody got to my team?
That was now.
Lippen at two o'clock.
Then we got the big fat booster, six o'clock, Ed Kaplan of the night of 10th.
I think this could be the last day we take any calls on this show, you know?
And please don't tell me you, you know, that you listen to this show because you want to hear these asshole callers.
Because I don't believe that anybody's that dumb.
Like that last hour we did yesterday.
I mean, would anybody want to ever duplicate that again in your life?
No.
No.
All that was was a sad commentary on this town, not on me or on the show on the, and even on the station.
Sad.
Pragic.
Even those cornices.
How the cornice is doing, by the way?
OO!
That's gonna be a sitcom on Fox by the way, the cornice is...
OO!
The election down, my netherco one.
The American cheese cast will remind you that everything tastes better with cheese.
I hate eat broccoli, except when my mom notes cheddar cheese on top, then I even ask for seconds.
Yes, there's nothing like cheese.
There may things taste terrific.
I'm a sideshow geek in a circus, and I eat ground glass for a living.
My secret?
I top the shards with grated parmesan.
It tastes great, and the cheese helps to absorb the blood.
That's right, nothing pops things off like a big, sweaty glob of cheese.
My husband likes me to, you know, do him, but I hate the taste.
So I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese.
It goes down easy.
And that makes it easier to go down.
Cheese makes everything taste better.
So remember, don't forget your cheese.
114 at 5.60.
It's always fascinating to see these plink off like one at a time, like the plink of game on a price is right.
And you kind of wonder, are they like dropping off or maybe somebody got a magic finger somewhere?
Now I'm starting to get a little bit paranoid, especially knowing that the Miami Herald has got their finger in it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, my name is Howard.
Yes, sir, okay.
I'm a pissed off Cuban after you have read that fact.
Corners, yeah.
Corners.
I tell you what you're doing.
Corners.
You're a cornice, sir.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are.
Cornice.
No, I just wanted to say that.
You're trying to regular.
I might call 50, but yeah, 50,000 times a day, sir.
You think I don't know that voice, even with a Holy O sound?
I know you.
Eight million times a day.
You and your two little boyfriends, okay?
My de cornice, my de cornice, my de cornice.
They probably have macaroni, my de cornice and cheese for lunch every day, especially on Friday.
5.607.05.60, pound 5.60.
I mean, you're so distinctive.
You stay out in the crowd, you know?
Like a guy that wears a pink gown to a ball.
5.607.05.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T.
He's a cork.
I told you, right away, cornice.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up?
It's a Julio from Columbus, high school.
You see?
You know what the problem is this week?
And what is that?
All of Julios are on spring break and they're out partying all over the world.
They can call you.
We never going to, we got only three Julios at call us.
So we're going to get any one.
Only three cornices that call us every day.
Neil, remember when I called you and told you about the little voice box with a little sound?
What?
The little voice box with a sound.
When are we going to do that?
With a rectum, $50,000?
That one.
OK, 5.607.05.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Spicketing glaze, pal.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
OK, sir.
Good.
Couple questions for you.
One, I love listening to your show because I love the venom that comes out of you.
There's got to be something about Miami that you like.
Yeah.
Anything about Miami that you like?
The weather.
The weather.
OK, secondly, I know what is it that you like about Miami?
Sir, what do we got going here?
I think there's a lot to do down here.
I'm from Michigan originally and I know that everybody in their brother wants to come to vacation down here.
No, they don't.
Not anymore.
Not if they're smart.
What does a lot to do down here?
Huh?
There is a lot to do down here.
That's what?
I go play golf.
Well, you can comparison to a little town USA, and there's a lot of stuff to do down here.
Uh-huh.
I'm sure you'd agree, wouldn't you?
No, I would not.
That was that.
I was boring places that I've ever been in my life.
Second question please.
For old people, go out and play golf.
Second, well, if you enjoy golf, that's a good place for golf.
Second question for you.
I know you can appreciate good food, and I'm trying to find a decent place for lobster in anywhere in Broward County.
if you have any suggestions, it'd be greatly appreciated.
A place for lobster and brown rice.
Well, there used to be a good place down to 130 prison viscayne,
the C-shanty I remember several years ago.
Is the C-shanty?
Yeah, the C-shanty.
Remember them?
That was a dump.
Oh, the C-shanty?
The C-shanty wasn't bad for lobster.
That was like right across, was that where Rocky Gratiannis used to be there?
It was before your time.
There used to be Rocky Gratiannis Italian place.
Well, what about up in the Broward area?
You know, I mean, go to Rootscris.
Get your great lobster, great steak.
That's what I wanted to know.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Five o'clock, they'll be open.
Tell my essentially you get the Tom Runers buying.
Five, six, seven.
And by the way, we're going to get a good cheeseburger.
Five, six, seven, oh five.
I'm going to Vegas.
Tell me where I get a good meal.
Where's a good buffet in Vegas?
Where's a good seven, eleven, oh day.
Where's a good records out there?
They got records out there?
Oh, where's a good store?
Where's a good Walgreens?
They're not in Vegas.
By the way, whatever happened to all that deal with national,
I was talking to Brian and sales this morning.
He was a good guy, by the way, there's another one of our good guys.
They even got a few.
And he was telling me about wanting to go to Vegas in June.
And he said, you go through a travel agent when you do all your traveling,
like somebody local here, and I said, no.
Well, he probably thought I was going to hook him up with Bob Lincoln.
I said, no.
Oh, you don't want to do that.
I mean, I do appreciate those books, Bob,
and I sure appreciate our good friend Richard getting me on that great airline over to Europe now.
But do I want to hook him up with Bob Lincoln to get to Vegas?
No.
No, not after those trips.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Three things.
Number one, the salt bomb Palmetto is another mass traffic spectapest.
Cool, aren't you?
You know what you ought to do?
Get out of your car and take a survey.
Find out who those assholes are that drive on that Palmetto Expressway.
Those people, they got to be deported immediately.
That's why that road is always a nightmare.
I passed a lady driving 50 miles an hour in the left lane,
and she had a French flag for the front license plate.
There you go.
She should only drive home.
There you go.
Number two, I've been calling you for years, your phone suck.
At least half the time you could drop or something happens.
You know, they're definitely, there's some kind of conspiracy going on.
Yeah, there's a problem here.
We got a real major problem in our program director's day.
In fact, our program director keeps trying to call George on his phone,
and he or George's phone is broken in there.
So the conversation's last about seven seconds,
and they keep getting disconnected.
And they will not give us stuff in here that works.
That's the bottom line.
And people wonder, oh, you're a bitch.
Yeah, because why not give us stuff that works in here?
You are not being paranoid about that.
Number three, I'd like to vote for you never taking calls again, including this one.
Okay.
We won.
Okay.
I'm serious tomorrow, maybe, the day.
Because this was it.
Last week, it started.
You know, this week, yesterday and today,
I mean, you got no material.
Well, let's attack you.
You're a racist.
You're not a con.
You're a son of a bitch.
You know, yeah, and.
And we know all those things.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
POM 5, 60, like I said before,
the facts we got from those concerned citizens about Channel 20 trace that alone.
And then what do we get?
We get that cornice on there.
That little curse on the human race with his two boyfriend that are sitting there rubbing each other raw.
In fact, they got their own power tool.
That's how they start those glory holes.
They got their own personal power tool that they're drilling with.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
I want to break a major story in your show, your station.
Yeah.
Tony Morgan is going to sign with the dolphins.
Couldn't care less.
Okay.
Bye.
Couldn't care less.
Nobody cares.
How about Tony Marvin from the Arthur Godfrey show?
Is he going to sign with the dolphin?
Uh-huh.
Then the mic here.
And by the way, this sports station and Dan LaBass did know you big sports riders, you big shots.
Did they ever get to Jimmy Johnson's story right?
No.
No.
Including all the experts on this station.
Did they ever get to fact?
No.
Will they ever get it?
No.
The real story about Wayne and Jimmy?
No.
And that whole deal about how he blackmailed Wayne and no.
5607-0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
Yeah.
Listen.
I just was listening to a show on the radio.
On the pop-up toaster, yes.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, I want to talk about this stupid fact that you got today.
Yeah.
I sincerely doubt that it was from the Latin community because I'm a member of the Latin community.
And we've had...
What does that mean the Latin community?
Well, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Dominican.
There's no such thing as the Latin community.
All the groups you just mentioned hate each other like poison.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
So what does that mean the Latin community?
What does that mean?
People who are Latin.
Anyway, I think...
Yeah.
There are...
People...
Latin TV shows show skin has been going on since...
I don't know, Adam and Eve, let's say.
Thank God.
And that's the only reason anybody would ever watch because the acting is so bad.
And the...all of it is so bad.
So bush-league-done.
But nevertheless, people want to see naked flesh, right?
Anyway, I think that...
These people are like the idiot...
And 11th.
Anglo-seminists, just hate sexuality and things of that.
Is there what?
I think they're just idiot, Anglo-seminists, who just hate sexuality.
Anglos, huh?
Well...
So in other words, we don't have any repressive Latin's in Dead County.
Is that what you're trying to say?
Believe me, I would've fallen from one.
Yes.
So what are you saying in the middle of all this double-couple?
No, what is it you're saying, sir?
I just think that it was a bunch of people who are not...
They are concerned.
Who are not Latin?
They are concerned.
So you know, you start to sound like George now.
You know, every time some...
...speak, there's some aberrant thing.
Oh no, it must have been, you know, every time some Cuban disseparate.
Oh, it's a recon, you know, and all this bullcrab.
Why don't you face it, okay?
Why don't you face up to the fact that you love the taste of it?
You like repression.
Freedom of speech means only when you believe we can say something
then it's freedom, etc. and so on.
Right?
Yeah, and...
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I know that you're going to leave yesterday. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not showing up every day. I take the check. I'm not going anywhere. I know you were like going probably, but I was, you know, because it's so good. I'm and everybody would miss. I'm so good, but the audience is getting worse and worse than you. You're so mean to them, though. They might be. Are we having a conversation? Yeah, but.
Let me just say this because if they're boring or they're idiotic, I'm not going to keep them on the air. I know a lot of them are idiots. If they got something to say, I'll listen. But you were the first one to tell me about the French
and the French. Yeah, they cut and funny you constantly. Yeah, why do you think the rest of the country wants to cut Quebec out and just up there in Canada and just set it off into the ocean somewhere up to the Arctic Circle.
But the latin's I mean, you know, they really need to start speaking English. They need to start getting with the program. I mean, I'm going to answer everybody and stop listening to all this. So Castro stuff and worried about our. The Orioles going to play a baseball game in Cuba.
They ought to start getting with the goddamn program and start assimilating and stop eating all that horse meat and have a great day. I got to go. She wants to start with bilingualism. You want to mean about the women? You're so mean. No, I'm just tired of hearing that crap. Call up Sandy Peyton. She likes that. Ask her how ambitious to ask her if and. Never healed up. 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the 18 to wireless line.
What's that? I will you know if not we know what it isn't.
It's a bunch of CDs, but I don't think they're from Tracy. No, no, I know it's not from them. Huh? Maybe it's something we might want. Maybe it's something we might give away. No, never again. That's a video.
Okay. Portographic. I hope. Oh, maybe it's the people from concerned citizens naked. That might be what it is. 130 at 560 WQM. You're not for not ready for prime time station for the 90s. We got multiple. We got spots that are like feeding back to the board. Cause we got 10 year old kids putting this is the only place I can imagine in the world where they would buy a piece of equipment like the audio ball. Okay. It's a computer system to play spots on here to play commercials. And then they put in distorted stuff. And they have a.
Two year old kids putting stuff in there who don't know their answer from your armpit who wouldn't know a board if it was in their deep in their rectum. You know.
And we're hearing one more. You know what this is like? It's like taking us all the way back to the beginning after I thought they were making a little bit of progress. Remember that those first weeks.
And I'm the only one who seemed to care because these people are either tone deaf or they just don't give a crap and we had all those muddy carts and muddy this and all over getting the audio vault.
See if I were Greg Reed I wouldn't be walking around with my three piece suit on like a big shot. I'd be walking around like hiding is what I would be doing which he does a lot anyway. I'd be hiding.
I wouldn't want I wouldn't want my name associated with this product here.
Associated with this swill. I just had our program director come here and stick his head in the cart machine.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. And it's still in there. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Going one. Going twice. Better hurry up right. Better get with it.
Hello. Yes sir. Oh I'm sorry. I just got to with my phone. That's okay so do we. Listen. You know. I thought that these all these guys that keep calling you up about this bridge.
I got a little insight into what about this bridge tennis thing. Bridge center it's older than your grandma. I know but I'm telling you I got a friend of mine that knows that guy that's calling you and he actually isn't calling us.
Isn't that that call was done like eight years ago. Ten years ago. No I'm saying these guys that keep calling up one to hear it. Yeah. This guy actually does work at the 17th Street Causeway Bridge and his story is that he's got some like a lawsuit going against you and that's the reason that you all play it.
That isn't any lawsuit against anybody. Something that you said about like wrong wrong. We don't play it because it's the first of all this guy isn't the bridge center number one. We just call it a bridge center. That's number one and number two get a life. Is that incredible.
Yeah we can't play it one moment please.
What's one. It was piled up with the ones on the side. We're over by the car machine on.
It might be on the floor there.
Which one which cart the bridge center the one that had the extra horses well I don't know about you but you sound like.
Where is that it had all kinds of excess. I mean the label you could see it from a million miles away. Another great benefit of moving up here to the third floor.
Maybe it fell under the counter down there. Maybe it fell in your ass.
133 or 550 WQAM. Here's a mobile in high alia. Hello.
Hey, new house. Yeah. I think that this guy he thought by saying that he was going to get me to play the bridge center which I'm not going to play it because we've heard it eight minutes. I know he wants to hear it. Yes sir.
I've never heard it so I couldn't tell you. Good. You missed nothing. I got older than Moses. Two things to ask you. Yes sir.
This close to vote thing. How do you think silence deal with it.
Number two. Number two. If you don't have any callers what do you have to talk about.
Let me ask you something. Do I have plenty to talk about every day on this show. Well the only thing I've ever heard you're really talking about is people calling and then you bickering at it.
Listen tomorrow. Do you hear the first hour. Did I take any calls the first 50 minutes today. No.
See and again what are these people listening for. What are they listening for.
Here's a mobile in Miami lakes. Hello. Yes sir.
My son talked me to watching wrestling with them last night and I thought of you. You know why.
I was holding up signs that said whatever often this or whatever that I took him to a wrestling match here at the center about three months ago.
Yeah. Just before they came out or went on the air of all the signs that they had there and some of them were pretty nasty.
The ones they kept confiscating were the ones calling different wrestlers gay.
And I didn't think about it until the last night and I thought wait a minute you were saying last week that these guys were gay.
And that must be why they were confiscating only the signs that said so and so is gay or so and so is queer or whatever.
Yeah. So again the other guy you know that all.
If I think about anybody that can't tell that one one guy hops on the other one when a guy gets down on all fours and puts his ass up in the air and the other guy mounts him.
I mean if I if we have to draw your diagram sure then God help us all.
I'm maybe because I was in it. I have your kids pick up calls. That's a real manly pursuit.
You know the the Scottish invented that the ones that were the killed well.
I don't know about your vacation like some stupid idiotic stuff.
Stupid stupid stupid idiotic junk stupid idiotic.
So what's this point?
Okay, we have an open line in the summer 5 6 7 0 5 6
the PON 5 6 the only 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile and
VIRROR B chill out. Hey.
Oh, Marage.
What is it? Marage.
Marage what? You said you wanted a good place to eat and
Vegas. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the PON 5 6 the only 18.
Yeah, I know. Let's go to Naples. Hello. What up, Neil? How you doing, sir?
All right. I think that color was a Marage. That's possible. I want to talk. I think this
show that this week is been a Marage. This has to be a figment of my
imagination. No, thank God it's real and that's why I'm calling. I want to
talk about that butt head that left a message about threatening you with the FPC
and all that other crap. Yeah. Hey, buddy, if you don't like this show, don't listen.
He loves it. I love you. I want to listen. He squeal. I want to hear your
voice. He's a bullcrap. He said bullcrap. He said bullcrap. You couldn't hear it.
Well, you could hear it. I don't care. 5 6 7 0 5 1. He just got emotional. 5 6 7 0 5 60
and 5 5 60 on the 18th. He won the slide. He don't want to hear people complaining.
Like he said, it's a free country. And of course that guy happened to be another one of
yours. By the way, you're on a huge Columbia. I think nobody liked the Colombians.
He was a proven. Well, I don't know any proven. So, you know, we can't get them pissed off.
Hello. I am a black female American. And I'm calling due to the fact that I am
listening to 6 10 a.m. Currently tonight. I do not appreciate the comments that are being
made referring to black Americans. It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people on
welfare because there are more white people on welfare in America. Then black.
There is more white trash out there. They're not trying to get jobs. They just want to lay around
and have babies from black people. And I would appreciate it if you would stop making those
horrendous comments because I am sick and tired of it. And I will call my lawyers.
Yeah. But you ever hear of an Anglo-Toe?
Let's see. What is this? Stevie Taller's ex-way.
Wait a minute. That's boring. Okay. Just going to get some facts is here.
Seeing if there is anything worthwhile which I doubt. I was just in Westland and the
Julio is calling you out and full force in the tea rooms, writing phone numbers on the
wall. And drilling, glory holds. All right. It says those Julio boys will stick
anything in their mouth. Okay. Yeah, there is busy over there at the Penny's
team. I think that's what they're doing most of the business. So I hear. I want to
give you the real thing here. See you there night. I watched a wrestling match.
Women with sweaty cracks. They would try to grab each others at a
ride wearing nothing more than the tiny g straps. But when they
rang the bell and the match was over. I could help but notice I had a big
phone. I want to be a wrestler. Okay. And have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth.
I want to be a wrestler.
I'm just pushing inside and out. I admit it seems a little gay.
It's my hand between another man's legs. Oh, when I pull my hands away, I get to smell my finger.
You know that other than some time to train, you don't need to have much of a brain.
As long as in the shower after you work out, you don't want to place in someone's balls in your mouth.
I know that white people can be messy and too smelly. That's why they like to rub that
KY on their belly. Okay. I want to be a wrestler.
And retaining more runs just like you. I want to be a wrestler.
And maybe run for governor too. As long as it attracts the crowd, I don't find
going down. Rubbish easy businesses are locked with some clumsy queer.
Okay. Sixty. Sixty. Well, I had my finger on part of it. Sixteen till two at five, 60 WQM.
So anyway, everybody's very impressed that I have a heads up display. Right? In my vet that is.
Yeah. Duff said he had one too. I said, how about your car? No, not yet. He said.
That was just before he took his head out of my car machine. But at any rate, yeah. I got a heads up display in my new Corvette, which, yeah, let's.
Okay. The car is great though. Oh, Greg Nelson at loopback road is God.
Oh, the guy man. And goodbye to FU Bank forever. By the way, that poor arrow over there that got busted with a handcuffs and everything.
He's not the only guy that hates those bastards. Here's a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
What is wrong with these people? Meaning what? They call in with all this crap. They give you hard time.
I used to listen to your show constantly. Now I'm in the office. I come back on the show. You got good stuff. Yeah.
And I got to put on this baseball on the last two days.
There was no baseball on. There was no baseball yesterday. Sure. There is no baseball today.
It wasn't baseball on yesterday. No. Monday then. No yesterday was one.
I could count every last time I took your thing on Thursday and Friday. She life is passing us by.
Thursday and Friday and guess what? This Thursday again, we got another boring game. That's right. Nobody wants to hear.
Maybe you're thinking that yesterday, Hank, they sent all the way up there to Vieira to sit there in the middle of that stupid ballgame.
To do a show from a ballgame. And we still don't know what he was doing up there. And either is he.
No, they got to get the baseball off. You got to have your show count. Yeah. Anyway, I like it. In fact, I'm starting to push for 10-50 starts for the ballgames.
Don't let them give you a hard time. You tell it like you're here. Thursday, Mayday, man. That's all I care about. Have a great day.
I'll drive out in my brand new vet with my heads up display. Is that something about Buffalo and that trade they made by any chance?
Let's see. Sabers got Senator Joey Juneau. Now it's Joey Juneau, by the way. Juneau.
He used to be Joey Juneau. But now it's Joey Juneau. And a third round draft pick for the...
Now, who is that? Defense Minister Alexey Tezikov. I never heard of him.
Did you ever hear him? Some... some Uruski. Never heard of him. I watched the Sabers a lot. I never heard. So he must be some flunky and future considerations.
And the Red Wing is we already totally got Windle Clark and a sixth round draft pick for a 99 for Goli Kavanhatson and a 99 second round pick.
That's about it. And Tom Turski went to... where did he go? Calgary? That was last night.
So there you go. Not too exciting so far. Would the Leafs get anybody yet? No. Panthers? No.
Anybody we care about? No. Damn it. Ranger's sticking to join out. You know what I'm sorry. Every time Gretzki they had that horrible street.
Gretzki gets into they started playing better. He comes back last night. Tampa blows him out. Six to three right there in Tampa.
Oh my god in front of about 80 interested fans. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Yeah. Yes, ma'am. First time long time. All right. You are such a food male. I love listening.
These people think that they're going to disturb my car. We'll air their dream. I'm having a time of my life.
No, I want something to tell you that you asked about a long time ago. Yes, ma'am. Do you remember when you went to the Hatchigan and the Cheneykins were having the soccer match?
Do I remember? Yeah. Well, do I ever? And you asked if anyone knew how many Cheneykins there were in the United States.
Yeah, ma'am. By the way, it's funny you mentioned this because we're going to be smoking some good Jamaican weed on the air tomorrow during the show.
But anyways, my point is I read the paper. This is a while ago. So it's probably changed. But that the total population of Jamaica, whatever that is.
Two hundred. One six of them are here. One six of all the Jamaicans in the world are here. Yes, sir. Oh my god.
They had to bring a lot more in to keep the weeds a plough on South Beach. How did you do something now?
I wonder who they brought in to bring the steroids in. I don't know. But listen, it was great. Keep it up.
Okay, thanks, sweetheart. All right. Okay, watch out for that jerk pork. Okay, see you. Hey, yeah, jerk pork mine. Jerk chicken, jerk pork. Jerk this jerk off. You know, that's the Jamaicans mind, right? Did you make an F in a way?
They're okay. They just mind their own business. They, you know, they leave everybody alone, right? You don't mess with them. They don't mess with you. They're out there doing their thing.
Just like the Haitians. They're so in baseball. Cubans, though. We got a little bit of a little bit of a problem. Don't we, Georgia? Yeah. We got a little bit of a problem.
We got some of those old stuffy right wingers. You know, they need to go back straight and everything out down there. You know, bring back Patista, bring back the good old days, bring back Meyer Lansky and all the good casinos down there. Santos Trafacante.
The hotel is here. That's right. They're beautiful. So 11 before 2 at 5 60 WT QAM.
Stupid, stupid, stupid, idiotic. Exactly.
