Yeah, Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You're talking Neil, called 567-0560, toll free for date and rower, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
the Beasley Read Acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast.
For now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
No.
All right.
I love you, love each.
Be out to me.
Do you have from a romantic energy?
Make a fine fool and no one will.
I can't judge it by the way I'm about to love each.
Who's what you have?
Why they born in shops on work hands?
The kids come in up from the blue,
floating luggage in big ass room.
No.
Jesus of God, come of the sea,
who say worship, God, it means what you are made.
We're all tired of asking any proof.
Why the sun is so dark, and the shot's moving,
and the shot's on.
Where are you now?
This is the recording of my vow.
Yes.
Love is coming up from the blue,
floating luggage in big ass room.
No.
Oh, thank God for Fred Grimm at the
hero who once every two years write something that makes sense.
Oh, thank God for him.
I thought I was the only hard bit in son of a bitch beside you.
That's because you hate the Kennedys.
They just insanity.
They've run a muck.
What do they have to do?
For example, a tape that they have tamed yesterday,
the national transportation safety board.
How long is this going to go on?
I hate to break the news to you.
By the way, the old lady that called in yesterday,
leave it to the old lady that called and she was absolutely correct.
That was verified on all the newscast last night.
He didn't want to go.
He didn't want to fly.
So there should be a good message to all you guys out there.
Don't let some bitch.
I don't care how hot she is.
Don't let some bitch talking to something that your common sense tells you
is a real bad idea.
Just say to some insistent bitch.
Oh, well, we've got to drop off the sister.
He didn't want to fly at all.
And he certainly didn't want to go and schlep the sister because he didn't want to land
place because he was too inexperienced.
In other words, he had real spielkeys about the whole thing to begin with.
And now all three of them are dead because the wife said,
wow, that's a nagging wife.
A nagging, nagging wife.
And now all three of them are dead because of the fact that,
well, you can look at it either way because of the fact she was a nagger
because he was too much of a pussy to say to put his foot down.
You see, unlike most of the other Kennedys in the Ecclian,
where the men ran the family with an iron fist,
this one kind of like a randip over like a limperist, the iron fist.
You just do, but I beat, but I will be there.
He was too easy going.
So Fred Grimm has got a great column in here which I think I'm going to take the time
to read because I mean, I never thought we'd even touch on this again today
after wasting four exhaustive hours on it yesterday.
And then I go home and but I beat, but I'm both.
I mean, we've only just begun like the Carpenters would say if she was here to sing it.
I was saying to George before the show this morning, you know, Grace Kelly died in a car crash.
And she was, I mean, real royalty.
She wasn't make-believe-er-rollity.
She married the Prince of an Irrimanico.
And everybody loved Grace Kelly.
She was a great actress.
She was beautiful.
She gave us a cement entertainment in a lot of movies.
And she died very prematurely in a tragic car crash,
which I don't recall the year or the details.
I'm sure somebody with some Jack Aswell facts me all about whether I wanted or not.
But I mean, did they make this kind of a sinister then when she died?
No.
No.
I mean, if you're going to get sucked into celebrity and showbiz and glitz
and icons and all these other awards that are tossed around, why now?
I just don't get it.
I mean, this guy was much into about nothing.
And that would be an overstatement.
He was mudden, never stole a freight train that we know of.
Also that we know of, at least for public consumption.
If he did, I'm sure that he was screwing everything that moved and looked good to him.
But that was his barrage.
He was a Kennedy.
But at least they kept it quiet.
He wasn't doing any babysitters.
He wasn't raping anybody that we know of.
So that certainly puts him ahead of much of the arrest of the clan.
Didn't drive anybody off a bridge that we know of.
But other than that, this is the, I'm watching that yesterday.
I'm watching every goddamn channel.
And channel seven, by the way, talk about hyperventilating.
They've got this dramatic music.
They're playing an American tragedy and they're going on and on.
And of course, we're all in deep mourning.
I'm not in mourning at all.
It was one of those things you read it like, you know,
on the second page of the newspaper, or you see it is about the fourth story in a news catch.
Oh gee, what a shame.
You know, somebody got killed in the plank rash.
Too bad.
Every time somebody dies, it's too bad.
Especially when they die prematurely, especially when it's some kind of a mishap
over which they have no control.
It's said or when so on.
Really good people.
I brought this up yesterday at the beginning of the show.
It wasn't one.
Not one person called in a respondent of that.
All the really important people who died in the last few years prematurely,
some of them, some of them not, but nevertheless,
that there wasn't a fraction of the stimulus made about them because their last name wasn't Kennedy.
And there's a good, I'm not going to read this thing.
It's just a, I'll read a couple of paragraphs from it.
But Fred Graham makes a good point.
He said, if the Kennedy had lost, had been instead the sister,
Caroline Kennedy, Schlossberg, someone less pursued by the tabloid paparazzi,
would the networks have the Senate on Martha's Vineyard with the same urgency
and would the hero have given over its entire front page to Caroline?
Yeah, Fred Graham actually knocks his own newspaper the hero down here.
I like the column so much today, Fred.
I'm not with some balls.
He probably won't be working there too long.
Yeah, he rips the hero.
And he writes for the hero.
He says, not that this was a phenomenon confined to the broadcast.
Maybe the hero, for example, offered a little more on his front page Sunday
than the death of the founder and editor of George,
and entertaining magazine of politics and culture
with a circulation of about 400,000,
notable lately for losing money.
Yeah, it was a margin I read it a couple of times.
You know, it'd kill some time on a plane.
Well, that was a bad, I'm sorry, shouldn't have said that.
It is a good way to spend some time.
Let's say kill some time on a plane.
Okay, you got to choose your words very carefully now, Mr.
It was a mediocre magazine.
It wasn't all that exciting.
And it was losing money.
Circulation of 400,000.
So in other words, he was touching the lives of 400,000 people.
Plus those people in New York who are obsessed with celebrities,
just like the people in Hollywood.
See, that's a New York and Hollywood thing.
And of course, down here on South Beach,
people who are very impressed by Madonna,
by Slice Stallone, by Mickey Rourke.
Yeah, get his name on the early day so that pitch-doll call back, please.
Okay?
Mickey Rourke, he's the best, you know, he's my favorite.
Remember I had some of the great movies he was in?
Like, no.
Like, I mean, recently, remember, yeah, that was pretty good.
Oh.
And I'm thinking to myself, I can't be that far out of step.
I mean, I realize many things that I believe and think and whatever.
I'm out of touch with the mainstream, I'm out of step,
which I'm proud of most of the time.
But in this case, I mean, we didn't, what do we get?
Like, three or four calls all day yesterday?
From people defending this, including that one simple and fag
that was given the assotted answer.
Oh, the three years of my life in the early suit
is the only three good years of his life.
Well, guess what, pal? Who's stopping you?
Remember that braw that went to 595 and 441,
the overpass last week?
I'll tell you, they're waiting for you right now, pal.
Well, in your case, they'll all be out of jump.
Jump, they'll be yelling.
They'll give you a helping hand.
They'll push you.
They'll give you a head start.
You can join the Head Start program.
Or just go up to Gay Head or whatever you like.
I mean, that guy was ridiculous.
He was a silly person.
I mean, you could be as cynical as you want.
A politics sucks, yes, but it sucked back then too.
It was a rigged election, which is what got Kennedy in the first place.
Nobody wants to talk about the West Virginia primary
that they had that election rigged, and about the Illinois election
and the presidential election that put him over the top.
He really lost that election.
But because Daddy had his mob ties, they were able to fix all kinds of elections
and do things, and that's the way people with a lot of money do things.
Of course, down here in Miami, we would know nothing about face-to-luck.
No.
So you can either live in a real world, and kind of as you mature a little bit,
stopping so starry-eyed and realize that everybody,
when they take their clothes off, it's amazing how much alike people look.
Just astonishing.
Although, thanks to my good friend and Alberta Canada, by the way,
for sending me that tape with the Tom Green shows all of them
from Comedy Central on it.
And I'll grant you that you have to watch through a lot of crap
before you get to the really good stuff.
But there's some hysterical stuff on there,
including when he gets a public to puke his guts out.
After puts him in an astronaut suit, and he goes on a amusement park ride,
and they got him spitting around it like a dreidel and he gets off of there.
Just puke his guts out, and Tom is picking it up with his fingers
and sticking it little kids faces.
Smell that, isn't that disgusting? It's beautiful.
Did you have the old man yet?
Yes, the sidewalk.
I saw it all.
And the teacher striked.
Did you see the striking teachers?
And he pretends to be a reporter and he goes up to him,
sticks the microphone, and they're all picketing.
They're standing with their sign somewhere up there in Ottawa or somewhere.
Why don't you go teach somebody?
Why don't you go do something that kids are getting stupid?
And they all run. I mean, they just...
Anyway.
The following announcement is furnished by the National Football League.
I, of course, Dan.
I'm in a foul commission of politics.
Can I ask you a question? What just happened there?
What did I just do?
Well, I was there busy talking to Joe Costello, okay?
I was busy talking about his trip to Vegas.
Joe came back and he actually broke even.
Made a bad mistake stayed at the Hard Rock Cafe.
Bad move.
That's what just happened there.
It was a little momentarily destructive,
but it was well worth it because it came back at a great time.
It was telling me about how wonderful the people out there were
and how nice the people in LA were, and then he came back here.
So it's not just me, okay?
I'm not some hard-bitten asshole looking for a problem.
I just told it exactly the way it is.
A lot of people out there can't handle it.
They like to be blue skyd.
They like a good snow job.
You know, everybody likes a blowjob,
but not everybody likes a snow job.
You got it?
Fred Graham is God, at least for a day.
Media at sea when icon dies.
About the...
He says, by Saturday, the media was once again a wash and excess,
an orgy of coverage that dwarfed this fellow's modest personal achievements.
Couldn't have set it better in a million words.
One sentence that sums it up brilliantly.
Fred Graham, for president, at the Harold, okay?
Even though it does work for a crappy paper.
What does that say? A birthday in pompano? Hello?
Once a year, I can say, Neil, can you play the birthday jingle for me?
It's your birthday? What numbers?
39 and fading fast.
Thank you very much plus I wanted to comment on the whole Kennedy thing.
Yes.
Saturday night at 8 o'clock, the A&E network put on the biography
of the week was trying to have Kennedy Jr.
So that was the first time they ran it.
I happened to be flipping it around last night and now they've changed their whole week
this week to all Kennedy's.
All Kennedy all the time.
All Kennedy biographies all the time.
So, you know, that's the statement about him, you know, not doing much.
Yeah, I gotta say that's pretty well accurate.
From my standpoint, not that I had any great love for the Kennedy's,
I think there was something on public television about five years ago
where they did a whole thing on Kennedy's father going,
not John F. Kennedy, but the father Joseph going around buying the vote and everything.
My father had always told me that they were a bunch of crooks.
And I just thought he just didn't like them because they were Irish.
We're a Californian.
But then when I saw...
No, they were an Irish mafia family.
Right.
When I saw all this come out about how he would go into West Virginia and like
stay to a local town, share it for you, help arrange that my son wins the state or everything.
They paid people the vote for him in a primary.
They were terrified that he was going to lose because he was Catholic.
And you know, he was the first Catholic elected president.
And they were terrified that West Virginia, which is a very heavily Protestant state,
that he had no chance to win in a primary there.
And so they went around and they paid, especially Black folks, to vote for him.
Pay cash.
Right.
No, that's it.
And that's all stuff that when I was like, you know, when he died,
when I was a teenager, I was like, I don't believe that kind of stuff.
You just bit her because you don't like them, you don't like the Irish or whatever.
But, you know, it's come out in so many books or whatever.
The only thing that I would feel for both he and his sister and everything
was just that they were constantly scrutinized no matter what they did.
And the family was just so gigantic.
I mean, John F. Kennedy Sr. was one of, I think, eight children.
Bobby Kennedy wanted to have a 10-year-old.
Well, they were good Catholics.
They reproduced like rabbits now.
They were all Pope loved them.
Well, you know, but the thing is that every time you hear about William Kennedy Smith or this kind of that guy,
there's just so many of them that you're bound to get a few of them in trouble.
I mean, if you're an only child, you have a small family.
Chances are a lot less, but because there's so many branches of the Kennedy family,
even when Arnold Schwarzenegger, Mary and Sarge and Shri Bistoffer.
I think you're a rationalizing now.
When you go down the list, I mean, you know, David O. Dean dying from an overdose.
And the rapist and then the other William, well, no, the Michael who was accused of dealing the young baby student.
I mean, there's just so many of them.
It just ran in the family. They were all a bunch of, you know, the thing about the idol rich was that there were classic examples of it.
They had were born into tremendous wealth and they were just given the idea that they could do no wrong.
Whatever they did was acceptable. They lived by a separate set of standards from just ordinary mortal people.
And as a result, they screwed their brains out and they used other people and abused other people.
And did whatever they wanted. All of a sudden, they're icons. I don't get it.
And I was a big fan of JFK and Bobby Kennedy and Ted.
So it's not that I'm a Kennedy hater, but you have to have some objectivity.
You just can't get swept away in all this emotional bull crap because the media tells you to do it.
How did you like Jackie?
Jackie was like I said yesterday, a high paid whore.
Okay. Now I think just think about it. That's all she was.
I mean, I know that I know JFK. I know Joe Kennedy paid her to stay in the marriage when she caught him screwing around just before she liked her.
And then she figured that after the husband, after JFK got assassinated, she figured these are small fish.
I'll go to the big pond and I'll hook me an asses, you know.
They made them look like bikers and that's the truth.
Listen, I got to, but let me ask you two things. Let me call something a douchebag.
And if you can play pussy in the well for my birthday, that will be greatly appreciated.
Here we in all the rugby players, you're all a bunch of douchebags.
Thank you very much.
Have a happy.
Okay. Zag is on 5.670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Jupiter. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Everything you're saying was on the show on Channel 2 last night.
Great program.
And what would have seen that? I'm just done to that night.
I just, yes, sir.
Yes, sir. I'm just desperate to see somebody come on television and say, you know something,
guys, you're out of control.
This is not what you're making it out to be.
And instead of that, they're all on there just all falling apart of the scenes.
You may have misunderstood me.
I'm not talking about all your going crazy about media, which I was doing all weekend.
But you may have noticed that.
That was great. I just happened to turn it on.
And West Virginia was not the first election, he rigged.
Right.
That when he was running in Boston, the faith that's a win.
There were three guys running. One of them was guy named Joe Russo.
So what happens right before the election is that, finds another guy named Joe Russo to run.
So now the candidates are Kennedy. Russo won, Russo 2, and somebody else actually showed up the ballot.
So voters didn't know which Russo they were voting for.
Yeah.
So that was the way Kennedy first got elected.
Amazing.
Not surprising.
Oh, and by the way, they didn't have all that much money.
They said that there were 11 guys in the US, Richard and Joe Kennedy.
So there you go.
Thank you for that. Thanks for the good news.
Nice.
Good night, Tony.
Good night, David.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the mobile one line.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
You know, they fly in the flag at half-staff down a key west.
Really?
So I don't see the, yeah.
I don't think they should.
I'm not.
I'll need to remind.
I'm not flying the flag period, but I wouldn't.
The headlines from the Globe in England.
Playboy risk take it dead.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, of course, they're good ones to talk anyway with all that time.
I know, but they're only, they're the only ones remotely close to the truth.
Yeah.
You know, see some of the quotes from some of the people.
He wasn't part of my life.
He was, I didn't know his, he and more was dead.
He wasn't a part of my, and he was a part of my life.
How could you be part of your life?
You didn't know him or his dad.
Well, I mean, you know, the people, the president can be part of your life
because of the fact that he's a contemporary and he had an impact on your life.
But when somebody is just an editor of a magazine and how, well, what impact did he have in my life?
And the answer is absolutely positively none.
And that picture that they want to keep showing 50 million times of him,
saluting the coffin when he was three years old, that, that, that, that was,
it was a, like a sidebar.
It's like watching the leaves fall off a tree and a back of the picture
as they had the funeral procession.
It wasn't significant.
It was a staged thing that he was taught to do.
That's all.
It was no significance to it.
That's right.
And, you know, his mother, he sheathed and said to go and do it when, right before he comes.
Of course, you know, I mean, if you look at the footage.
But, you know, it's funny, he's the people saying, oh, he, he never did it,
but he's now lost to us.
He might have gone into public service.
Oh, brother.
Oh, yeah, brother is right.
Based on what?
Based on his great intellect, based on his great charisma, which he,
I said yesterday, I'll say it again.
He was about a half a step above Al Gore.
He was a very wooden, very boring guy.
And they say he was charming.
And he was, he was charming because he had a lot of money and he was a Kennedy.
That's what they'd been charming.
If he was, if not, last name was Jones.
And you saw him in a shopping mall somewhere.
You wouldn't even give him a second look, just a ordinary guy.
That's all.
And the funny thing is, I don't begrudge him for living his life privately.
I think that was fine.
I mean, if it was me, I would have lived on an island with a whole bunch of naked dancing girls.
I mean, if I had that kind of life.
Oh, maybe he did part of it.
Yeah, that's right.
He absolutely did.
But, you know, and I don't begrudge him for doing it, but the media coming out like saying what he,
what he isn't, is that's the whole thing.
I mean, it's just such faults.
You know, all right, Neil.
Have a great day, pal.
This, this, this too will pass.
Hopefully, I mean, sometimes this year, it's only the 20th of July.
Maybe some, maybe someday between now and the end of the year,
the end of the millennium, oh, sorry, it's not the end of the, well, at the end of the decade,
sorry, let's knock it back at, hey, let's kill four hours with that again, huh?
Let's talk to a bunch of idiots out there about when the next millennium really starts.
And see, uh, watch them take their pants down.
I was speaking to take the pants down.
So one of the time, green shows, you know, feel the one that's ricking the coffee all the time behind
the business, they very much.
So the only time you ever see Phil doing anything is when he gets naked, which, uh, quite frankly,
nobody wants to see him get naked, but the thing that was on Sunday and MTV, the new one,
where they took all the kids home from the audience.
And so Phil could take a shower.
They had him naked in there in, in one of the kids' parents' room,
when they tried to take the clothes away and he found a bath mat to cover himself up in.
And last night on one of the shows, they got Phil comes out for a back from a size
and with just a towel on, they pulled the towel away and he's lying there, start naked on his belly.
And Tom Green's got this, um, it was in electric fly swatter.
And he kept swatting him with it and making his put his legs up and he had to do all kinds of things.
Then he brings a pound of bag of flour and puts all the flour on his body.
It was a beautiful thing.
In a kind of grotesque way.
It's like all the stuff on Tom Green.
And things that are beautiful in a very grotesque way.
Here's a mobile in Boka. Hello.
VL, how you doing?
Great.
Cowboy, go flat, Reston P.
Do you hear?
He's dead.
Yeah.
Him and Jean Hart, two weeks at a time.
Yeah, Jean Hart died last week and Bill Flatt.
Yeah, for all the flyers are going down there.
Maybe I guess the flyers are going down.
Yeah, well listen, that's much more important than what we're talking about.
I think Jean Hart was.
Oh, seriously, at least Jean Hart had some impact on some people's lives.
People have flyers, huh?
He had a flyer fan growing up.
He was the voice of my youth.
I love him.
Great. There you go.
He had an impact on your life.
John, John, he didn't have any impact on your life.
Not on me.
But Jean Hart sure did.
We got in the hole the same before he died.
Right.
You know, but just want to let you know about Bill.
I don't know if you heard.
Thanks for the bad news.
Be good.
And no more tasty cakes, man.
Yes, sir.
No kidding.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
And let me say it again.
Thank God.
There's Flip Spiceland on CNN.
Oh, no, my God.
I'm wrong.
Look at that.
The wind's picked up a little bit now.
Oh, I was just about to get incredible.
He was doing another thing for Kate Codd for the weather today.
What is this?
Today is Tuesday.
This happened late Friday night Saturday morning.
This is Tuesday.
How long are they going to be out there worrying about the conditions of the water so that we can finally find the bodies?
Isn't that what they really want to find?
Oh, yeah.
They were praying over the weekend with all that live coverage.
That's something like an arm, a leg, something with float of his gruesome and grizzly as it is.
That's the media for it.
Can you imagine Channel 7?
If they would have had like a body part float up on shore, where Sanchez would have taken up the weight on the middle of the map?
Floridians, dumb ab dirt.
Listen to me.
You should stand by and sleep for sulfaking.
You understand?
Where everything is held to the high sulfaking standards.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's sulfaking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sulfaking prices aren't just low.
They're sulfaking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sulfaking as a beautiful store, I mean sulfaking beautiful.
When I say steppes helpful, I mean sulfaking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sulfaking and enjoy a selection that's sulfaking huge.
A stepp that's sulfaking courteous and prices that are sulfaking low, you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied, custom of frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You said, Frankie, sulfaking good.
1032 at 560, Columbus High, bad.
Remember we had a couple of calls yesterday from some listeners out there, some punks.
They wanted to give me a song and dance about Columbus High.
But I prefer not to put that stuff on here until I have somebody knowing it's true, especially when they start throwing names around.
Here it is.
Columbus penalized for recruiting.
The greater my athletic conference, Strips Baseball Title applies one year restrictions.
For recruiting, how do you like that?
Here's a long regard.
Well, maybe I'll save this for later on.
Maybe we'll get into this.
And it's sent to me by, it says, I'm going to go to Columbus.
I'm going to be in June, you're 16 years old.
I love your show, but listen to you for three years now.
I want to know what you think about the good Catholics of Columbus now.
I don't want to go to Columbus, but my parents make me.
Thanks, I love your show.
How do you like that?
Here's some young guys probably getting molested by a priest over there at Columbus High.
And his parents are forcing him to go.
A bunch of sadists.
All those good, they're well, let's get back to the Kennedy's.
There were some good Catholics, never still afraid to train.
Just thinking that one scene in Godfather won.
Were they baptizing the baby?
That's probably, I don't know, I would say that was the definitive scene in the movie.
And of course, Michael is going to be the Godfather.
Michael Ritsi.
And what is that?
Did we ever figure out what that name was?
Huh?
He didn't say Michael Corneo, Corleone, he called him Michael Ritsi.
I remember that very because of the way he ruled his hours.
Like a good Italian or a Spic with him.
Do you accept, do you reject Satan?
That's it.
And then of course, we'll see the montage of all the murders of the members of the five families.
And it's a beautiful thing, it's lovely.
But I banged my boom, put the brains all over their ivy league suit.
And all the other stuff is going on in church.
Because that's one thing that ties between the Catholic Church and the mob are very, very strong.
And to take a look at the Kennedy's, by the way.
56670560, pound 560 on the Mobile One Line.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Now they can't even get the weather right here, let alone, we need to hear from New Hampshire.
New Hampshire and Calcate Cod.
Every where.
Martha's Vineyard.
I'm waiting for the immediate, let us know that the Pavarotti were chasing the plane and made it crack.
The Pavarotti?
Yeah.
The Pavarotti, the Pavarotti.
He was chasing it and it went up to the east.
He looked like one.
I will see you.
OK, thanks.
56670560, pound 560 on the Mobile One Line.
Not going to be one of those big days I can smell that already.
You can sense it.
I don't care, we're going to have a good lunch today and we're just going to keep pressing right on.
That's all we do here at QA.
We do the best we can in spite of the fact that we've got very, very weak leadership.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
The only problem with this country, we have only problem with this country.
Yeah, we have one while, we have more than one.
But the main thing with the Kennedys and the people that are worried about them, we have too many people that are hero worshippers.
Right.
Now you've got it.
You're absolutely correct, sir.
Whether it's Ricky Martin, whether it's Silvastis alone, whether it's John Kennedy, whether it's this Kennedy, that Kennedy, we're working looking for a hero.
Right.
And that's the only problem.
But that the people can't mind their own business and live their own life.
That's why this business about icons, I tell you another word, they really drives me up to all his diva.
All of us are worried about this come from every female celebrity or every who's ever been made a record.
The movie, God Layne, is a diva.
Where were all of us suddenly come from?
What does that mean?
That comes from the streets.
You know the boys from the hood.
The boys from the hood?
Yeah.
Divas, not a boys from not a Schwarzer word.
What do you expect it like a pseudo-electual word?
No, it's not.
Diva?
That's where it originated from?
No.
Diva originated from the streets from the boys in a hood?
Sure, if you hear it's going to black girls say that?
No.
Okay, have a great day.
So you were doing real well till you started getting off and stuff you don't know about?
It's a thing.
Huh?
It's a French.
It's a Italian.
A French.
It's a European word.
What is it?
French or Italian?
It's probably Italian, whatever.
Opera.
No, it's an opera.
It's a Italian word.
So that's Italian word.
And a good Italian boy like me should know that.
Well, at least the man should be Italian with all that pasta and all the trips to Italy.
It should have rubbed off a little bit or rub off?
No.
No.
Oh, it's a street word now.
Like mother.
But you're right.
See, I got you distracted with that thing.
The guy was going in the right direction.
Too many hero worshipers out there.
All these little girls, all these women.
They're the worst.
They are the worst.
What's wrong with the woman?
Maybe because they've been repressed so long in American society and most of the rest of the world, too.
And they don't realize that as individuals, they mean something.
You know, like Howard Beals said, your life has got some meaning.
It's a, you're the real thing.
All this other stuff is just bullcrap.
Americans are obsessed with this garbage, with the stardom and show business and celebrity.
And most of these people are misfits.
That's the tragic part of the whole thing.
Most of them are misfits.
How many rich people in the last 50 years in this country starting with Howard Hughes and go right on down the line?
Every single one of them I can think of.
They died tragic death.
They became recluses.
They were like psychotic losers.
Like I've always said, the wrong people have the money.
Give me that kind of money.
I'll just go away.
You'll never hear from me again.
No problems at all.
I guarantee you that.
Have a great time.
Just give me the money.
I'll show you.
I'll send you a telegram.
But the wrong frickin' people have the money.
All these neurotics, psychotic drug-induced disgusting, flandering trash.
And there are people out there who admire just like you Vanderholy Molliefield.
That's a big joke.
Oh, he only fathered like 10 different kids by 10 different women.
And plus, however many he's got by his wife this week.
That's a big joke.
Well, by the way, remember the hysterical, the other hysterical queen that called yesterday?
Chase teens promote pure love and sexual absence.
Remember that he was talking about?
They were blocking the streets.
Which they weren't blocking the streets.
They weren't disrupting.
They were full of crap, including John Sapp, which rhymes with crap,
who's a Jacksonville college student, who says that he doesn't even get,
and he doesn't even date.
He's not getting no girlfriend because he doesn't want the temptation.
He says, some of my friends treat me like it's not cool.
But everyone knows the pain of a rocky relationship.
And then this is a college student.
He doesn't, don't be making any assumptions, okay?
Bag it.
No, don't say that.
Come on.
Just because he's not dating girls, it doesn't say anything about guys.
But he's not dating girls because he don't want that temptation.
Yeah.
Chase teens promoting pure love and abstinence.
Are they getting any, are they getting the message across?
No.
No.
People are horny.
Okay, let's face it.
Use protection.
Be smart.
And that's it.
Just say, you know, assholes like these, but they weren't disrupting the city,
and this guy they called yesterday.
But it made me, it made me calm down, okay?
Stop being so emotional.
He was probably, he was probably living with that other guy who only had the three good years when a Kennedy was in there.
Yeah, we're supposed to be, we're supposed to be crying, you know?
I feel, I feel really bad, don't I?
No.
And I'm not crying.
No.
And I'm not only emotional, broken up and carrying on about all this terrible tragedy, this family.
No.
Well, you know something, when you got a family that many of them live in a very irresponsible way,
crap happens to you.
And when you got a family here with a guy that's supposed to be like Mr. Macho, a big hot shot, the Kennedy,
you know, he's supposed to take Gradable by the horns and let some bitch run him around.
You wind up dead, all three of them.
Because he refused to just say, no.
Just like these teenagers were saying in a kid from Jacksonville, just say, no.
Just lock yourself in a house, never go out, you'll be a lot safer.
And whatever you do, don't breathe that air, it's polluted.
Inside or outside, just stop breathing right now, you'll be a lot better off.
You don't understand?
Yeah.
These little bags in the church.
Listen to this sound that's got John Folly playing.
All three of them are playing.
All three of them are playing.
All three of them are playing.
All three of them are playing.
All three of them are playing.
All three of them are playing.
All three of them are playing.
All three of them are playing.
All three of them are playing.
Now, Pepsi only one gets left alive today.
From what they call the killer, he cursed.
If Dorothy killed Gallyn for the life she'd say,
you're a bit only gonna get worse.
And let's do this sound that John Folly's saying.
Butter's louder, butter's louder.
Butter!
Who would take it?
It puts you down to sound that John Folly's saying.
Butter's louder, butter's louder.
Very painful, very painful.
Anyway, 1045 and 560 WQM.
So anyway, Fred Grimm's column is in a hero,
but it's in a Broward section.
And George has been getting a lot of calls from people,
but maybe it's not in the date section, you think?
So I'm gonna read it.
I mean, maybe 5 times 0 or really good column shows up
in one of our two Yoko papers here.
And believe me, Yoko is the word for both of them.
Media at scene when icon dies, writes Fred Grimm.
He says, not that the disappearance of John F. Kennedy Jr.
was unworthy of considerable national news coverage.
After all, the son of a slain president cracked his private plane into the sea.
With his wife and sister-in-law aboard, that's news, gripping news.
His sudden death off Martha's vineyard certainly be called for many Americans.
Ranging old emotions born of his father's assassination nearly 36 years ago.
Who among my generation doesn't remember that photo of John John saluting his father's casket.
Such memories make for compelling reading.
And this all adds to the awful tragedies endured by a family regarded with mythic fascination
by the public.
Another Kennedy death, poignant stuff, and big news, just not this big.
By Saturday, the media was once again a wash in excess,
an orgy of coverage that dwarfed his fellow's modest personal achievements.
The networks quickly sum it in their anchors, celebrity icons themselves,
who sat there most of Saturday, repeating the scant-known facts about the disappearance,
furiously batting around rumors and recalling the life of a 30-something fellow
who was not one of the giants of our time.
Not that this was a phenomenon confined to the broadcast media,
the Harold, for example, offered little more on its front page Sunday
than the death of the founder and editor of George in entertaining magazine
of politics and culture, with a circulation of about 400,000 notable lately for losing money.
A one-time assistant district attorney with no famous cases to his credit,
Kennedy was universally described as a decent good-natured fellow given a charitable work.
And it was noted frequently that John was much better behaved than some of his notorious Kennedy cousins.
But the reason he was the only story this weekend was that JFK Jr., however reluctantly,
had been deemed a celebrity, a great celebrity, icon.
Or is that the fact that he's not a paper wrink again or something,
that thing is beeping back there one more time.
At any rate, and his death set off a media reaction that had nothing to do with reality
or a substance or achievement or influence or politics or publishing,
it was about celebrity, it was about a media spectacle.
And we witnessed something this weekend that most closely resembled the death of Princess Diana.
She was said to be decent and sweet and caring and charitable,
but that was mere rationalization for those hours of non-stop TV coverage
where the American TV anchors gone to Britain to witness their funeral
with the covers of the news magazines devoted to a lost icon.
There is that goddamn word again.
And this too represents the mainstream news media's embrace of the sensational.
The coverage was only an extension of Diana and Tanya and Monica and O.J.
heightened as the 24-hour TV news cycle,
devour stories with ever increasing ferocity.
And as the internet spreads rumors that it become news merely because they're pervasive and persistent.
If John F. Kennedy Jr. had not been pronounced by people magazine
as the sexiest man alive, if he had been short and less handsome,
would his death have been the most startling news event of the summer?
No.
Or if the lost Kennedy had been instead his sister Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg,
someone less pursued by the tabloid paparazzi,
would the networks have descended on Martha's Vineyard with the same urgency?
No.
Would the herald have given over its entire front page to Caroline?
No.
Of course, then here comes and Fred Riem writes this great column,
and then he asked the destroyer in the last paragraph,
maybe he wants to keep his job.
He says, of course, I plead hypocrisy.
I watched for hours.
I read the stories and I was moved by the loss of someone I've never met or seen or voted for
or even thought much about.
But he was an icon taken away in an age of icons in the age of excess.
I mean, he writes that whole great column,
and then in the last paragraph,
he was an icon.
Was he an icon?
No.
He was nothing.
He was a guy with a famous name.
How about that old actor Arthur Kennedy?
Remember him, that old guy with a mustache,
with a character actor, all those corny movies?
There's another guy with a Kennedy name.
He's dead.
When he died did they make a big simmiss about that?
No.
Huh?
Let's think of all the other dead Kennedy's who weren't related to this one particular Kennedy family.
And did anybody make a big deal when they died?
No.
Probably some of them were pretty good people.
Of course there's always a doctor Kennedy up there in the coral ridge.
But anyway, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I just got back from Vegas.
Yeah.
And on the plane back, someone had a time magazine,
and he is on the cover.
JFK.
Oh, I know.
He's got a cover of all the juniors on the cover of every news magazine already.
It's amazing.
Uh-huh.
Went into a slot tournament.
Yeah.
Around $5,000.
That's a great place.
Uh-huh.
Went over to Venetia.
Venetia.
Venetia.
Venetia.
Venetia, whatever it is.
Venice, the hotel.
Venice, yeah.
It's beautiful.
So we had friends saying there.
They said that the staff was thoroughly air conditioning wasn't working.
Really?
The service couldn't get...
Yeah, they had two rooms that were air conditioning two days.
Couldn't get phone messages.
The phone system was all screwed up.
Oh, that's bad.
It's only 110 in Vegas in the daytime.
That's not too bad.
I wouldn't know.
Didn't go outside.
Yeah.
Wasn't worth it.
Okay, I'm glad you had a great time.
Oh, it was phenomenal.
It was a better all in one place.
Okay, see you.
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Columbus High School, as I said, has been stripped of its 1999 greater Miami Athletic Conference
baseball title, fined $1,000 for recruiting athletes in football, basketball, baseball,
and wrestling, according to the GMAC.
They also banned the Columbus football, basketball, baseball, and wrestling teams from competing
for championships during the 1999-2000 school year and placed the athletic program on probation
for one year.
Columbus might be suspended from the GMAC if it doesn't take corrective action.
And the story goes on and on, of course, they deny it.
But it goes on a great length.
Recruiting in high school.
Why don't they start recruiting in grade school?
Oh!
Elementary school.
Oh!
That's what we need to do.
And then we can bring those experts on here that they have on their own with decreasing
regularity, thank God, by the way.
I noticed most of the people on this station shy away from bringing those experts on here,
even before the draft, talking about the great, the eight-year-old kid in Wyoming with
a great arm, you know, all that crap, all that sick, twisted garbage.
Here's a Lady in Pember Pine.
Tell her, what is that all about?
Here's a Lady in Pember Pine.
Come on on a wrong line, I'm on three.
What is going on with this phone?
These lines are sticky.
Lady in Pember Pine's one last time.
Okay, it's our phone, it's not you.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil, I just want to say three things.
I move down here from New York.
Perfect.
And you are, my Dave, you're moving out again.
Yeah.
And the second thing about the Kennedy, if anybody in this goddamn country know that every
bottle of scotch board in this country, they get a dollar.
They get a dollar?
That every bottle of scotch, the grandfather did this.
Yeah.
So the Kennedy's want to go, if somebody wants to make them go broke, don't find no more scotch.
Okay.
And does anybody know that Jacqueline Kennedy hated the Kennedy's, didn't even let her kids
frat night with the more they were growing up?
Yeah.
Well, she was a good one to talk.
Yeah, well, she was no.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, I thought I was right on the edge of that yellow button about 30 seconds ago and she didn't let me down.
I just had a premonition there that sooner or later she was going to blow it out some crap.
And she did with an SH.
Nice going, sweetheart, but you're right on target.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pound, 5, 6, 10, a mobile one line as we keep plotting along here.
The phone system, by the way, is a real piece of crap.
Did I mention that yet today?
Uh-huh.
200, 300 times.
Piece of garbage.
Of course, it regs up there in Montana on a bus mentality for a few weeks.
They'll be back someday.
Here's the mobile invoker.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
How you doing today?
Okay.
Yeah, Neil, I was 16 when JFK was killed and I was a part of it.
I know it sounds anti-climatic and it just sounds a little sensitive, but you were part of it.
You felt it.
But another thing.
What does that have to do with this?
It just, you can't lose it.
If you were teenage around that time, you felt something different.
You hear it on the TV or whatever.
I was 21 years old when President Kennedy was assassinated.
I was working two jobs at the time in Rochester, New York.
I was working at a date time in a record store and I was working in the evenings in Batavian, New York, and at WBTA radio.
And the guy came in the store and said, do you have a radio?
The president's been shot and we turn on a radio and I left and drove to work with tears in my eyes.
And it was very disturbing to me, but you know something that had nothing to do with what happened this weekend.
I know what you're saying, but for some reason, I can't lose that attachment.
He had a charmed life.
He had everything he wanted in this world.
He was gorgeous.
He was whatever.
But I still have Rachmanus on the family.
I don't know.
That's my opinion.
But what does that have to do with the president getting assassinated?
He was the president.
I know.
He can't lose that attachment.
We don't have to have that attachment.
Let me ask you this.
When William Kennedy, when he died, did you have the same feeling?
No.
When Michael Kennedy had the ski accident and got killed, ran to the tree.
Did you have the same feeling?
No.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
They were young people.
They were accidents.
They were Kennedys.
It's just a horrific thing.
I would expect that the media didn't manipulate you sufficiently then and now you're getting sucked in and have a great day.
Oh.
How sad.
It's an American tragedy.
When David Kennedy died, of course, that was a drug overdose.
We know that all people that do drugs are evil and bad and therefore deserve to die.
Was there any big chimus about that?
No.
No.
Nothing.
Basically nothing.
And that was right down here in a hotel down here.
There was no big deal about that.
And this guy is rationalizing to himself why he is willing to be sucked in by the media hype.
I don't see the connection in any way, shape or form.
So many of you just don't want to be honest with yourselves.
This man, like I said yesterday, he didn't look like the Kennedys.
He didn't sound like them.
He didn't act like them.
He was non-political other than put it under magazine.
That occasionally had political articles.
But he was his non-politicals could be.
He did nothing.
He did nothing but be a rich person with a lot of media spotlight.
Why?
Because he was a great person.
No, because he was rich and his name was Kennedys.
That's all.
And it's unfortunate that I have to go on screaming in the element like this because I'm not insensitive when somebody else is going to be.
And if he dies in an accident, we all should be sensitive about that.
But the fact is we're not.
Americans are the most insensitive people in the world that I can think of.
And I supposedly civilized country anyway to death.
You've been so desensitized by the media that all these horrible things happen.
And it's like, oh gee, isn't that too bad.
What's next?
You know, who's pitching tonight?
And who's catching?
I'm sorry, Ricky.
What happens when the most male level enforce in the universe?
Somehow finds its way out of the cosmos and into an old opera house.
George Lucas, an association with another really rich guy, Andrew Lloyd Webber presents.
That's a better...
A big opera.
He was horribly injured and unfortunate Ewok explosion when he was young.
Now he wears a mask to hide his hideous features.
But he can't hide his hideous singing voice.
I must pull out my life chamber and bar.
At the metast of the opera.
It's cool of music you don't know.
Some by all new characters you never heard of.
My name's so horrible or the big ol' bar.
Here is the place where you're the map.
Whose guy won't care.
Phantom metast of the opera.
The stories thin.
The characters are weak and the music's repetitive.
But hey, come on, it's Star Wars!
Oh, black.
Another classic example of hype, baby.
That's what it's all about.
Level 02 at QM.
We got Hank from Shulah's at...
No, in the studio today at 2 o'clock.
We got Talking Baseball with Donnie B at 6 o'clock.
Marlon's at the Red Sox.
630 pre-game game at 705.
How about Tom Kennedy, the TV game show host?
Remember Tom Kennedy, who was like brothers with Jack Nars or brother-in-law or something like that?
Don't remember Tom Kennedy?
He was on name that tune.
With glasses?
Oh, you remember Tom Kennedy?
I think he's dead.
Anybody make a big deal about that?
No!
Sir, I want to tell you the guy that just called from Bokey.
And I'm delighted to send him a listen to all these opinions and the outpouring of this and that.
But that was tragic to me to listen to that.
He was 16 when the president got shot and he's still a part of you.
What is a part of you?
I don't understand what that has to do with these other meaningless people.
And I ran it off a whole list of names of people in the same family who died premature, grotesque deaths,
and none of them had anything to this guy.
But they weren't considered to be glamorous.
They weren't considered to be icons.
They weren't editors of Gluttee Magazine.
They weren't giving all this publicity.
And the media didn't make a big song of dance when they died and tell you that you're supposed to,
that there's some connection between this guy's death and the president.
There is no connection other than the fact that he was his son.
This isn't rocket science.
This isn't brain surgery we were talking about here.
And all you kids out there, we have it summertime.
A lot of young people listen to the show, can't listen during the school year.
There's a good lesson for you to learn it all of this.
Don't get sucked in by the hype.
Okay, you know, it's one thing.
We admire people, movie stars, athletes, singers, whatever.
It's fun.
Fun, if you keep it in perspective.
Britney Spears, every viral guy out there would like to spear Britney, okay?
For fun.
That hour, yeah, it will be fun.
I'm sure.
But the people who become upset, it's like the Elvis people.
Those people are sick.
I've done two shows on this station last year and a half that I just stand out in my mind.
It makes me just wander into a corner somewhere and go,
eeehh, it's my life.
Just that they're inhaling oxygen, go up for power.
With these idiots who are schlepping off the Graceland, men.
Women I can understand, women, unfortunately, like I said,
they've been kept in a closet for so long that they're emotionally constipated.
Most of them.
They've been repressed.
So they think they're supposed to be silly.
But men.
Oh, yes, my wife and I are going back to Graceland again this year and that's going to be great.
And so much fun up there.
And you see all the Elvis's old cars.
Go to a junkyard you want to see your old cars.
Go to one of those classic auto joints.
You know, I want to see really neat cars.
Go to a Corvette show.
Do something.
But there's a session with these people.
And like I said before, when you take people's clothes off,
yeah, I mean, they're sure there are some people look a lot better
but they're clothes off than most of the rest of us.
Thank God.
But generally speaking, or allowed, I can be a better one than that.
Speaking of Jason and that disgusting picture that I can't get out of my mind.
That turned into a toilet bowl.
You heard of a turd and a punch bowl.
We got a turd and a toilet bowl, which at least it knew it's a proper place.
That we had to see a picture of right at lunchtime two days ago.
But just stop and think about that.
We all have the same, okay?
Don't smell too good.
It didn't very savory, but it's all the same.
That's right.
We all eliminate the same.
That's the way of bringing us down to the basis human level of the commons and ominators.
The idea that just because somebody is famous that they don't stink,
I mean, you've got to be crazy.
There's something wrong with that.
The American obsession with celebrity, man.
Everybody's an icon.
We've got more goddamn icons that you can shake your thing at.
And Carter's got pills.
Everybody's a freaking icon.
Even people who are just relatives of icons, they're like, you know, sub-icons.
Like a subwoofer.
5, 6, 7.
I wouldn't be surprised if Lassy had the kid somewhere, you know?
Lassy, who was the guy that we used to think was a girl or whatever,
kind of a confused gender identity there, somewhere along the line?
I wonder if those dogs are also icons.
You think so?
Maybe the Taco Bell dog.
Maybe that dog's got little puppies running around icons.
5, 6, 7.
05, 60, 05, 60.
On the AT&T line, here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
The guy in focus.
Got four words for him.
Good luck to him.
Yeah.
I think they'd like to us with guys like that walking around them loose.
That's what we're looking for.
What was he talking about?
I'm from the same generation as he is.
I'm five years older than he is.
Like you said, at the media didn't pump it up.
He didn't give a crap.
Right.
Quick question, meaningless.
Of roses, nine kids.
Other than Teddy and the one who flew over to Cookies Nest.
Which one of them are still alive?
Roses, kids.
Yeah.
Don't pee.
Don't pee and roses.
There was nine.
We know Teddy is still alive and we'll go over to Cookies Nest.
I don't know.
I can't think of any.
Not that it matters.
No.
I just thought we'd take a little death poll.
So you can go ahead.
Well, no.
There's a thing in the, they got a family tree in here.
In one of the papers, I'll have to find it.
I kind of looked at it.
I'm tired of all this crap already.
Yeah.
There's a picture.
It's got all the lineage.
This one, begot that one.
And then a question for Robert Kennedy.
I think I have like two pages for all the kids that he and Ethel had.
And Ethel, here it is.
It's on page 9a in the Sunsendle this morning.
Let's see.
Here's the old man.
Born 1988, died 69.
You remember that coma, right?
Let's see.
I think there's a lot to see John and...
I don't get the, I don't get...
Oh, here they are.
Okay.
Here's the nine kids.
Okay.
Eunice Kennedy Schreiver.
She's still alive.
She's married to a sergeant driver.
Jean Kennedy Smith.
She's still alive.
Right.
Rosemary.
She's the one...
She's still alive, by the way.
Rosemary.
She's the mother.
Mother?
Huh?
Not the mother.
No, Rosemary's the one ahead the shock treatment.
She's the one ahead the shock treatment.
She's 80 years old.
She's still alive.
I agree.
Let's see.
Bobby Kennedy is dead.
Rose Kennedy is dead.
The old man is dead.
Patricia Kennedy, born 1924, married to Peter Lofford.
She's still alive, Pat Kennedy.
Kathleen Kennedy died of a plane crash date in 28.
And Joe Kennedy, Jr.
Joe Kennedy, Jr. was killed in the plane crash in the war.
He was 29.
She died while she was having an affair with an English guy.
Yeah.
So there's one, two, three, four of the nine who are dead.
And one that's the locked away somewhere.
So that's not the, you know.
That's too bad.
So there's that in 50%.
Yeah.
Kind of like the more ones.
Okay.
I haven't got that.
Yeah, that poor one that they got that Rosemary, Marie,
whatever it is.
Yeah.
She's too many shock treatments.
I wonder if she knows the chief.
Huh?
Yes, the chief would just, if he would just pull that water fountain off the floor and crash through
the window, we could get her out.
What do you say?
Oh!
Before it's too late.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
What about America's least known families?
What about America's less known sensational, not so exciting families?
That's what we need to be more concerned about.
Just your average Jane and Mary and the John and whatever the hell it is on the street corner
somewhere.
God.
Oh, celebrities.
They're so important.
Their stuff doesn't save their money, of course, so else a little dirty, but nevertheless
they got lots of it.
You're right.
That's the only thing I want is their money.
I don't envy them in any other way.
I just want some of that money and I'd have a good time and I'd go away.
That's all.
Nine minutes, ten minutes after 11 o'clock in the morning.
The media is sick and they talk badly.
Ask not.
What your country can do for you.
But Kennedys, they've been the subject of movies, books, television series, more movies,
a couple more books.
Hey, they're even on your money.
You'd think there was nothing left to say about the Kennedys and you'd be right.
And yet, lifetime books proudly present.
The forgotten Kennedys.
In volume 1, the tragic story of Game Show host Tom Kennedys.
Do you remember where you were the day the sale of the century was canceled?
No.
Why have I heard done radio?
We stunned all right.
We still got Monte Holises.
Ain't the same, no.
In volume 2, George Kennedys, the Blue Knights, the big fat Blue Knight,
relived the humiliation and shame of three airport movies.
One opposite Shelleywooders.
And in volume 3, Jane Kennedys, known to Hollywood producers as Jane,
get dressed and get out Kennedys.
Order now and will include exclusive photographs of Princess Stephanie on the beaches in Monaco.
Make it.
Sure, she has nothing to do with the Kennedys.
But wait till you get a load of those javos.
Before gotten Kennedys, a new series from Lifetime, books and monthly payments that will last a lifetime.
And see, what did I tell you about Tom Kennedys?
That guy before he got all broken up with Tom Kennedy croaked?
No.
I think he did.
One call on the board.
How do you like this?
All of a sudden we're like right in the old...
I'm like a crapper.
Maybe I'm just, you know, we're beating a dead horse.
Maybe that's what it is.
Oh, you shouldn't have said that.
Bad expression.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a great letter to the editor for Robert Summers in Pembroke Pines.
I find the letters to the editor in this town are either great or idiotic.
I mean, there's like very few in between.
It says, the outrageous attempts by the writer of a July 12 letter to muffled criticism of Ritalin based on
uncharified claims by her grandfather's doctor are on call for.
Absolutely correct, Robert.
Medical documentation about harmful long-term effects of Ritalin have long been known.
We're not for some high-price pharmaceutical interest.
The manufacturer and distribution of Ritalin might have had this continued a long time ago
since Robert Summers in Pembroke Pines, let's hear it for Robert.
Another guy who dares to tell a goddamn truth.
Thank you.
All these kids bouncing off the walls and they have to give them Ritalin because they're all on sugar shockers.
This is what the real problem is.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
Well, I'm a long-term listener.
I haven't called you in a long time though, but I wanted to call because I was wondering if we can't see you watching Channel 6 News yesterday.
I never watched Channel 6 News ever.
Well, lucky you.
It's the only channel I get in my complex.
And unfortunately, I can't help but notice that every single time there's any sort of crisis.
No matter where it is in the world, they always have to find that South Florida connection.
Yeah.
And of course, this one was a little bit better because apparently the plane was built here in South Florida.
So that is the big thing that ties us to John F. Kennedy.
Oh, and don't forget he took his flying lessons down here, I think in Viral or somewhere down here.
Aren't we proud?
Yeah.
The only other thing that I wanted to say was that I know may not be popular or whatever, but I kind of agree just a little bit with that guy from Bokeh who called.
Yeah.
Because I can understand, I mean, whether we like it or not, we do know John F. Kennedy Jr. or what everyone call him now.
Even if it wasn't for anything that he did himself, we knew him and you know, you do feel just a little bit worse when he dies and when, you know, your neighbor does.
It may not be the ninth day.
Wait a minute, is that when your neighbor does?
Well, this is Miami. You don't really know your neighbor very well.
Oh my God, I can't believe you.
It's not that.
Do you want to retract that? I'll give you an opportunity because I know you don't really mean that.
I'll take it back.
I'll give you an opportunity.
It might be like George and Evan nasty neighbor, you know, but.
Well, I grew up with nasty neighbors, but you know what I mean?
No, I don't know what you mean.
How can, listen, if you, unless it's somebody you really dislike, okay, setting that aside.
If it's somebody you really know, somebody tangible, somebody you speak to, somebody who has an impact on your life, even if it's only just by curiously by seeing and, you know, being in the same space.
How can you feel so much worse about something that you don't even know that had no impact on your life?
It's not so much that I feel so much worse.
It's that for you were saying it yourself, whoever that Tom Kennedy was, why it still happens to know who that was.
Right.
The reason that I feel more for JFK's death than for his is because he wasn't a media all the time because I'm able to recognize who he is.
It's not that I feel worse that he died or that somebody outside.
I know people who was that young and I feel horrible for them, but I can connect with, with JFK's death,
because I know him.
Okay.
What about Phil Hartman? Do you know who he was?
Oh, yeah, I felt terrible when he died.
But how come, I mean, here's the guy who was entertaining, really was a talent who, who, who entertained millions of people.
How come, wait a minute, how come when he died, the story was, I mean, there were some coverage, but relatively speaking, it was like a, a drop of water in a bucket compared to the coverage we're getting on this.
Unfortunately, because the media chooses to do whatever they want to do, and they choose to have JFK June to be more popular.
They choose to have the community, the immediate community family, to be the ones that we're going to focus on.
If they was, and it's true, and that's not the point that I'm arguing, it's true that because...
But what about all these other entities that died too?
Well, they weren't a good looking as JFK's death, but they're playing true.
Okay, now we got down to it.
That's the playing truth.
Okay, okay.
I hope you find some good-looking neighbors.
So do I.
Okay, see ya.
Bye.
There you go, see, and that's it.
It's not just fame, but it's looks, and I'll go along with that.
I'm the biggest sucker.
You show me a good-looking guy, and I'll go immediately.
Eeeh!
Milk like butter.
That's right.
And see, we assume that the good-looking people automatically are more glamorous, have greater, more exciting lives,
certainly getting a lot more action.
They're nicer people.
Some good-looking people are assholes.
Can we think of anybody at the moment?
Think of somebody who looks really, really good, male or female, and say,
He's an asshole.
Or she, huh?
Can't think of anybody.
I'm talking about somebody that really just, well, I'll give you an example, Ricky Martin.
Now I'll have to admit, he looks pretty good when he's got a toe on the ground.
Huh?
They got him dulled up pretty good, but he's an asshole.
And can't think of what of a paper-sec.
And he makes me nauseous.
He makes me want a puke.
He makes me want to get on him on the ground on my hands and knees and vomit.
Or when you'll never guess it was on TRRL yesterday on MTV.
And Ricky, no.
Somebody much less good-looking and much less talented.
I know your eyes when I say much less.
Jordan Knight was on there.
I could have mentioned Sam as a clue on that, okay?
Jordan Knight.
There's another one who don't look good, but still makes me want a puke.
But it's the glamour thing.
Don't you understand even his magazine, George?
It was a glamour thing.
It was politics, but it was mainly glitz.
It was a glitzy thing.
It was a rag that was losing money as well as what it was.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, I was going on.
Yes, sir.
Did you know that one minute ago is now playing for Team Venus?
Yeah, I know that.
He was on there on zero.
He's a spokesman, yeah.
Dad Michael Puggins, who was against the analysis,
that the analysis on the phone and Paul such as Stuckel,
Paul, I was like, oh, listen to that.
And I don't know.
When I hit the close and was told he's talking about the star grass of the club bike,
which I'd let him do with what the situation was.
That's right.
That's right.
They're not going anywhere.
The guy who was bringing the last two as far as the wording and the foul goes,
that you had on the show, he kind of laughed.
And he said, yeah, I'm the guy, blah, blah, whatever.
But that's because one month ago with anybody who goes to the last,
you can see the county immediately.
That's a big doubt.
He goes, I'll catch them off.
And then whatever they go on about,
this is good for this reason.
This is good for that reason.
So in other words, they're manipulating political light weights
like footing and podcasting over to get out there and try to brainwash the public.
Exactly.
You know, it's kind of high for the past that's never to brainwash anybody
because either of them, you didn't have much for playing themselves.
Yeah.
And it was Michael Puggins, and I guess they had one in the end.
So I guess to be a little bit more support for Mayor Pignus
and his spokesman.
Okay.
So then after everybody went that, I guess a few,
everybody pretty much was against the DAX for one reason or another who came on after
they got rid of a panellas and whoever else.
Then, guys, I'm going to be telling you, I'm trying to call out,
I'm learning this, a good job, panellas.
There's a lot of things I got on and we have to go on.
Can you understand any of the positions I would have my first to do on the
Captain Boss file?
Yeah, get your balls, Captain Ovenson, no material on the
Thanks for all your phones, Crapin' Out, but thank you so much for the spy report.
Yeah, all these gutsy people, see, it's all the same.
Everybody's just a wimp and they're just like, you know, spaghetti in the wind.
Like limp spaghetti.
That's why this town is hopeless.
That's why it's a helpless, hopeless situation.
And most people just come here and kind of like,
that's all, just vegetating this sweltering, wilting heat.
Except the good looking people who of course are getting a lot of action.
That's why we admire them and we just are desperate, desperate to try to like touch
them and feel them and squeeze them.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pop 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring, hello.
Hello, Neil, I just want to say a couple of things.
If we back up a couple of callers to that one lady, maybe she's just a name or
vibrator after a JFK.
OK.
And I just want to say with all this hype that's going on for John Kennedy.
You get the honeybirds out too and say, get the honey junior, but anyway, I'm sorry.
That guy, that guy didn't ever do anything for this frigging country.
Let alone be remembered by just putting a little hand to his forehead for his father's death.
Well, I don't respect, but he's really no big deal.
And just because everybody likes him because he's a good looking guy,
I'm not gay, but I'll say what?
He ain't no good looking guy to me.
He's not.
Brad State.
Well, he wasn't a good looking guy.
He was a very, I mean, in a boring sense.
There are some people that think that people who look like that, who have kind of like a
continental look.
I think the guy that called yesterday that said, oh, and asked us with the real father,
he did, he had that Greek look, you know.
That, his hair stands like two inches tall.
Yeah.
It's big, puffy, and it's hard to tell about.
It's got a plastic look.
And it's hard.
Yeah, totally.
And as far as all the news media, Channel 7 news ricks and Shazkid Kisboaas.
OK, thanks.
Thank you.
He'll be right over.
Got a lot of practice.
He can squat right down on it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on it.
Isn't there something worth debating?
Was he good looking?
Was he bad looking?
Was he mediocre?
Was he a 5 on a scale?
Well, what is that got to do with?
He was much into about nothing.
And as far as good looking guys, you can go to a shopping mall right now.
I'll guarantee you right this second.
And I'll find your 5,000 good guys looking.
Hell a lot better than him that nobody in the media is going to make a big song to dance about.
Am I right?
What was the big tennis with him?
OK, it was a tragedy.
He's dead at the end.
And here we are.
It's only Tuesday and they've already given up.
I think they're going to be commended for that.
Only it looks.
He's Saturday, Sunday, Monday.
This is only four days after the fact.
And they finally give it up.
Now we're just hoping for some body parts or something really juicy that they can sink their teeth into.
I'm a cup fan.
I'm a bud man.
Can I trust you, Arthur?
And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of No Scrubs by TLC.
Dr. Burnham?
A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly, also known as a fuster.
Always talking about what he wants just fits in the broke ass.
So no, I don't want your number.
No, I don't want to give you mine.
And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere.
No, I don't want none of your time.
And no, I don't want no scrub.
A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me.
Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride, trying to holla at me.
No scrub.
No scrub.
No scrub.
No, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
No scrub.
No, no, no.
No.
No.
No.
1131 at 5.
50 WQM.
So here's a great facts from villain for Myers who says,
Ray Vaughn Neal, if you must.
Maybe the Kennedys are not better than you, but they in their kind give the rest of a some measure of respite
from our dreary, grudge-filled lives.
Most of us are surrounded by ugly obese white trailer trash and sparts or wrappers in their baggy clothes and greasy
spicks with their naturally distasteful looks and style.
Forgive us, but sometimes we enjoy seeing just the glimpse of style, beauty, and grace.
From villain for Myers.
I could do the next month, though, shows on this fact,
first of all, the part about maybe the Kennedys are not better than you.
It's not a question whether they're better than me.
It's a question of whether they were better than those people who are like in mourning now.
They're just people.
That's my philosophy.
People are people.
Basically, all the same.
You know, you look on the inside.
All the organs are the same.
You look in the toilet pool.
It's all the same.
People are people.
That's all.
So it's not a question whether they're better than me or not.
It's a question of whether they're better than you or not, Bill.
Whether or not your life has any meaning.
Your dreary dreads for your life.
And of course, you're over there in Fort Myers.
No wonder your life is dreary in dreads filled.
Maybe you'd want to move to some place where there's some living and breathing people,
which would all do respect to our many listers over in a West Coast.
They know as well as I do.
There aren't too many over there.
Most of the people are of been dead for 20 years.
Nobody bothered to send them a telegram and let them know about it.
They make the people in sunrise look like teenagers.
And this business about where surrounded by ugly obese white trailer trash.
I don't watch the jury's Springer show or Jenny Jones or any of that crap.
So I don't account very many trailers.
Do you live in a trailer park?
No, not this way.
Of course, he's over there in Fort Myers.
See it all comes back to Fort Myers again, Bill.
Too many trailer parks.
And sparsers are rappers in their baggy clothing.
Well, I get out of time as much as possible.
Okay, Bill, I go to places like Cologne, Germany.
You didn't see too many sparsers over there.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with seeing the sparser or two here.
A couple of weeks.
It's not bad.
And greasy spits with their naturally distasteful looks and style.
Oh, he's got a point there.
No, he does not.
See this.
Christ.
I mean, you've been looking at the wrong spits.
That's your problem, Bill.
You better go down to South Beach.
You'll see some real no matter what you're looking for.
You'll see it down there.
I wouldn't touch it.
I would get too close because that's very contagious, whatever they got.
But other than that, I mean, get with it.
Bill over there in Fort Myers.
Get with the program.
Okay, and make an excuse.
We enjoy a glimpse of style, beauty and grace.
And like I said, there's nothing wrong with admiring.
And as far as looking at somebody beautiful, there's nobody in the world that likes looking
at somebody beautiful more than I do.
Believe me when I tell you.
Trust me when I tell you.
But that doesn't mean you lose perspective on it and the fall of the sun and one of them should be.
In addition to which, what was the big stimulus with this guy anyway?
A style and grace?
You could afford a fashion consultant.
You'd be a snappy dresser.
How about grace, if I had his money, if you're good about fashion consultant, I could afford, you know, $2,000 suits.
And what about Grace Kelly?
She even had the name Grace.
Princess Grace.
Princess Grace of Monaco.
Class, style, elegance, beauty, talent.
There was somebody, if you're going to be, if you're going to admire somebody who's a celebrity,
there's somebody who was worthwhile admiring.
And did the media make a big stimulus about that?
Did we have days on end of a, oh gee, let's find out when the car went off the cliff and how fat he was going.
But I mean, now we got to be treated to the spectacle of how far the plane fell, what the altitude was before when this death died, and how fat it was going.
And I'm have to sit here and tell you that sick.
Sick is an understatement.
How about all those people that died in TWA $800? How many were there hundreds of people that died in that crash?
I will guarantee you, A, there were people on that plane who were better looking than the Kennedys, B, there were people on there who were more talented and more meaningful than the Kennedys, who had more style, more class, more grace, more talent,
more than a man kind, but we never hear about them as individuals. All we hear about is all the lies about the plane crash from the NTSB and the FAA, in the FBI.
Because the media picks and chooses what most people in this country think, and there are damn few of us who are willing to say,
Do you okay? We don't care what you tell us we're not gonna buy into your bullcrap, but Bill and Fort Myers he's a buying into a big time
Just stay away from those trailer parks bill you'll be a lot happier life will be less dreary and dredge filled
Maybe get out of town once in a while grab up to like Naples, you know a big time
Even put the Gordon would be good
Here's North Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir a long time to talk to you
Yeah, I've even watched an witness to the mob the past couple nights. No
Oh, you missed it. Wait this to the mob. Yeah, the movie with John Turtiro
Whatever's the name of the guy from the NYPD blue. I didn't know I think about that
I know the banana thing is coming out with Martin Landau the top of this is what's about family to bull and John Gotti
No, on Sunday night and Monday night. It was pretty good. Okay. I was saying no about that. Yeah, listen
Uh, you know, I heard you talking yesterday couldn't get to a phone and I heard you guys got the hurricane deal now
Let me tell you something. I know that Greg Reed out of town. Well, whatever they do
Don't put that Coleman do sing
Joseph Gackie on yeah, she's
Right. How did I know you were gonna say? Oh?
Joseph Gackie, huh? Unbelievable. I guess you're a mind reader. Oh, yeah, please. I mean you want to talk about Coleman
Do you think well he's tight with Hank you know?
Every now and then here's a here's Hank's out by he wanted he's on the fence. He goes well
I'm not gonna be here on Saturdays anyway, you know like you know
You want to go with the other guy out of this guy, you know, but you know, you know
It's it's one thing to have your friends. Okay, but but the show for guys like we Gackie
You are so boring. Who is it the man who is devoid of any personality?
He could put a fleet of Mexican jumping beans to sleep in 30 seconds
And so you know he and Hank are real tight as friends, which is fine
But don't try to pawn them off. That's like Roy trying to pawn. Oh, Jay off on us. Oh, like with us with that CBS
You know, I mean I was watching CBS now. I don't watch any of this news anymore soon five o'clock comes around
I channel serve and then you know with that angel array that he's on there is it holy crap
Is this what a what a stinker this patient he needs doggy
He needs some serious acid. I mean it's out of control out of control
And another one of the one thing I wanted to mention you know, but I forgot now anyway. Oh, yeah in the paper
I'm old Norman Braeman. He's against this
This tax deal. Yeah, so that's another big name. Hopefully get these people you know, you mean he's back here
I thought he was in the Philadelphia. No, it's in local news and my my my me addition car. Jill will be high new grab group against tax nice
Go on Norman. Okay. What are your people see you? Okay, bye. Yeah, I always like those Eagles not
5 6 7 0 5 CV and by the way speaking of Hank, you know
I don't want to get a start a big song in advance because Hank said many things you have to agree with but that's no fun
You know this kiss ass
Especially the thing about the that's why I played the Harry Carey Budman
I mean that thing with the musk and the article about the guy an ESPN
What else wrong with that he wants to do beer spot you take away the beer sponsors all professional sports would dry up in about two weeks
So what are they talking about?
But Hank also was talking about sports casters. Oh, it was it was in with the same thing about the different guys who used to plug beers
Mel Mel Allen with Valentine all the different Harry Carey with a Budwiser and you mentioned the Kirk Gaudi and he said Hank said
Kirk Gaudi who may have been the greatest sportscaster of all time
Almost drove off the road when he said that
Kirk Gaudi was the greatest sportscaster of all time
Come on Hank
He's he still must be suffering the after effects. I don't I haven't discussed it with him about how do you do in Vegas a couple weeks or one vacation
But it must have been a disaster. I think he's still suffering the after effect of that must have plunged his guts out
Because he said a few things lately. They're so like you rational Hank saying Kirk Gaudi was the greatest broadcaster in a history of sports
I'll tell you Kirk Gaudi was good in the old AFL days when he was with Paul Christmas and then Al D.
He was very good. He was good with the red socks not great good. He was okay
But the greatest not even the great not even the greatest football announcer or the greatest baseball announcer or any other sports that
Aver did he wasn't the greatest within any individual sport that he did much less the greatest sports than after a whole time was he no
Oh, sorry Kurt. That's what I forget he lives down here. So better suck his ass
He's watching mom and dad
Yes, he's in through the he whole the most we ever had
Mom and dad were playing tag right there on the bed
Mommy used her booby at the teleport daddy's head
Mommy's head was bobbing. She almost got whipped wash. I don't know what she went drink it
But you got a note mustache
This is through the he whole I'm sure what I see
But I sure do like it more than anything on TV
Mom and dad were so together like my Lincoln wrong
West I might do something like that
Model at the door. God was breathing heavy
Mom was on her knees
He must have had a poo poo because she's just in wealthy peace
He's in through the he whole watching mom and dad
We can turn to be home the most on the ever had when we watched a little longer
And I started to get sick if daddy's name is Helmer
Why mom asked for kids daddy's grounded his eyes. Oh back mommy wanted more
She's going back on top of him, but all he did was snore
He's in through the keyhole
Has a minute has I can't wait to drive it down
I'm so early my class
Yeah, I can't wait to drive it down
So I'm doing my class. All right, it's 145 at 560 WQM
You're right bill and four Myers is a classic representative of I would say a very high percentage
I won't pick a number a tremendously frighteningly high percentage of the American public he lives by curiously through other people
Because basically his motto is I have no life right
How sad
See I go through my life and I wonder what is it that people want what is it that they expect you know life may not be all that
Exciting for a lot of people, but it sure beats the alternative that's the way I look at it
You know you wake up in the morning and you say
All right, yeah, I'm alive. Okay. I woke up this morning here. I am. I'm basically in one piece
There you go. Let's go out for another day here. It is because there aren't that many you know when you come right down to it
Well, what is it that people want that's why we got so many screwed up people because I think people's expectations of life have been made unrealistic
It's just like the search for the greater orgasm. Well guess what what's wrong with an ordinary pedestrian orgasm? Okay
Not so bad could be worse
Everything's gonna be better. It's like the thing with you know extreme this an extreme
I'm gonna blank extreme violence extreme sports extreme hysteria extreme suicide here because the ordinary pedestrian stuff
Well, that's passing out
Because somebody is convinced the public that their lives are meaningless
It's like Howard Beale now, you know, it's true. That's why that movie was so great and that was 20 some years ago
He said you're the real people were just the illusion. This is just bullcrap. This is fantasy. It's all just a dog and pony show
And you got millions of people out there who can't separate the week from the chase
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
By the way, Dan LaBacca has got another column and today which I agree with so that's scary two in a row
But it's there's no point in reading it because every year
We wait before the hockey season starts in fact the other one just ended our
Catch being cheap skates about the Ranger spending all that money and about well one thing
We know that the Tori Tori and the Murray's are on the line if they don't produce this year
They're gonna be out. Didn't we hear that last year?
Any year before that and the thing about Robbie Needamire. Oh, yeah every year. It's the same old tired story and
The sad part of it is that everybody keeps showing up. So what can I tell you? I get my tickets for free
Get my I think the only thing I pay for is my preferred parking area at the O'Reena and other than that I get the tickets for free
So I show up
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. What's up boss? Hang it in there hang it in there
First of all to build and fort Myers. Yes before prohibition the Kennedy and the Rockefellers were white trash anyway. Yeah
Leaving the trailer part
Take that and shove it where the Sunday shine and don't buy anymore scotch bill
I guess bill would be the guy who would buy the extra bottle of scotch because his life is boring number one
Oh, but the subsidized those glamorous and beautiful and stylish people bills are kind of got a vibe beer
The kind of white trash. I'll buy bush grandma boom. I think yeah, I don't think Bill seemed too much busily
That kind of all I don't I love what PBS channel two is doing. They're putting the life from Joe on work
Oh, wait a minute wait a minute, but they're putting everything including no, I'm just depressed that I haven't been watching it
Including how Joe called his mafia buddies to fix the first three primary for son Jack right when he was running for president
Oh right how he was in with the mafia and Sam Giankana and how Jack was in Las Vegas with the rat pack and
Sam Giankana while he was ready for president right and then how he got out his brother Robert hit Joe away in some
Some hideaway somewhere because he didn't want Joe to influence his brother Jack see people are very naive
Which is an understanding but they wonder how come the mob was involved in the hits probably on both of the candidates and and here
They are they were the ones that helped to put them in in the first place and the 50s elections for them and get all these
Promises that they would look the other way once they got in and then all of a sudden it didn't work out that way and a mob said
Well guess what hey back as a bitch. Yes, what they've had it in there how John was asking Sam Giankana to wipe out the
Dell while Robert was trying to put him in jail. Yeah, he had to live with those two things right that's why he got killed
Because the mob don't the mob will give you favors
No, what they asked for yeah, over is it still going on? I don't know they could they put it on I thought twice already
I don't know if they're gonna put it on I pray that they would put it on every night. Please I beg you
But everything including chapacquidic while Kennedy rolled his car in the thing and killed that woman
Oh
Everything I mean they had the whole thing. Yeah, but don't you believe you kept diving down for the bottom come on
Oh
Having a sleep with that woman that woman did a marathon Monroe on them saying if you don't say nothing
I'm gonna come out and say that you were
Messing around with me while you're buried. Yeah, by the way if anybody remember that Marilyn Monroe is gonna hold it
She died on a weekend and the Monday that followed was that she was gonna hold a press conference and blow the whistle on the Kennedy's
That's right and how she was doing
They got on that weekend. Yeah, I she died that weekend about that and nobody knows how and how come the ambulance by the way
Came and picked up the body and then went about up to mile or two to the hospital and turned around and went back and brought the body back
Anybody ever figured that one out yet? No?
You owners came from these people Joe made his money
Ever give a order like that again. Okay, listen pal have a great day. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you God bless PBS
Okay, part two tonight. Oh, it is all right. Yes
I'm just about through watching all the time green shows
Like I said you got to watch a lot of crap a lot of stupid silly stuff and all of a sudden you come on something really great with time
Green you know like the old man like the old man. What do you want or like?
Yeah, public up you can just gut. So
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile and Miami Springs. Hello
All right morning there deal. Yes, sir. Yeah, that's happened to be a flip through the TV dial here a couple of couple hours ago
And I happened to land on the Fox News Channel and what did they have on but
They talk about how
When in times of tragedy people turn to the television and how they're you know, it makes them you know feel better
There's so much they make them feel part of the event. No closer
Yeah, and
They talk about all this about how can you have closure when they keep dragging it on forever whenever how can you have closure?
Yeah, right. Yeah, exactly and of course, of course, they talk about JFK and Bobby and all that and what they ended up with was
It said well, this is simple for what happened at that time in Dallas
There's a little kid who gave his food to his dad and now we're doing this now for him, you know
I mean and this is as this to justify all all the no crap that he didn't put on TV, you know, I don't understand what
What did the American public have to do with what happened in Dallas will we be responsible for that? I know, you know
I mean some kind of a guilt trip we're supposed to carry around because the mob and whoever else was involved assassinated as a president
We're supposed to have feel guilty about it. Yeah, right. Yeah, but you know, I was once I mean
You're taking a whole candy situation right on the mark. I want to tell you Bravo man. Thanks. Okay, fine
Just like now the godfather's one of my all time favorite movies right after network, but
One of the problems with it was that it glamorized the mafia glam a made these people
Individuals made them heroes they made them more real which they are human beings, but nevertheless
their grotesque and ruthless
Although quite frankly we sure like a lot of things they give us but nevertheless
But that was one of the problems with the whole thing is that
glamorized people who were this guy and I see so many similarities there between the mafia and the Kennedy's not that there's really that much of a difference because they were hand in hand glove and glove and glove
Catholic church
Mafia families all big contributors to the church all the marriages all the the almost had brisk all the
Whatever they call it whether the baptisms all the ceremony confirmation. Yeah, all of hazerai
And then when they croak oh, yeah, they have a big ceremony in the church and everybody shows up in that
But I beat but I will yeah because they're contributing big bucks. They don't give it
They're not choosing about where they're gonna take the money from
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in temper pines hello
Hey, once again your negative is always once again
I tell you exactly that it is raised to everything that goes on right that's right. I'll face the fact
That's really wrong. You show on 5 60 WQM because you said once again
So obviously we're very regular listening and I appreciate it more than I can begin to tell you 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pond 5 60 on the AT what the hell is JFK junior down in a plane crash have to do with everything America stands for what is that got to do with it?
Absolutely positively zero nothing zip it do the what I'm saying is exactly what needs to be said
It's a great lesson for all people out there
Like you still got a brain and still living and breathing is don't get sucked into the hype and don't you know glamorize what
Yeah, right
And don't put all these phony baloney people up on a pedestal and look a little beneath the surface and find out what it's really all about and maybe you won't be so
psychotic about it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's plantation hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. You just made a comment on something I was constantly about
When I used to live in California. I was very good friends with our family
Very
They're in the wind being it's and they had a tragedy. I was watching the news in the media said that oh
We feel so sorry for the candy family if you do you stop showing an airing it if they really have any
sensitivity
Because our loss was someone who was very respected at the family is spent by America
We want to stop seeing this
Disclosure by the media, so as I want to say you're absolutely right. We need to stop it. Okay, thanks
Yeah, cut the crap already. Okay. We you're you're
Your tragedy you're feeling a tragedy your sorrow is duly noted now. Let's move on with life
I think that's what most rational people feel enough is enough already
But of course it's the middle of a long hot summer and there's not much going on
So let's exploit this for all we can because that's what the media has become
They're all the goddamn national inquirer
To
Right
I'm so hiding, I'm hiding, I'm a whole new body, gone now
In time, I'm fine, I'm so hiding, I'm a whole new body, gone now
I'm so hiding, I'm a whole new body, gone now
Hey Mickey, tell me why you're still inside me, Mickey
Hey, Mickey, I'll send the circle with us
Guess when, when you think there's no proposition
This girl's not your thing, not me, she's out here
From the closet where you hide
Probably your boy's a fan and makes you like a guy
And your girl's not a guy
Oh!
You hiding, I'm a whole new body, gone now
In time, I'm fine, I'm so hiding, I'm a whole new body, gone now
Yes
Oh, is there such a word by the way as Maticona?
They just made it up to the top
But I like it, but I mean just the curious
Let's get it right, okay, let's get it straight
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
I'm insensitive, I'm un-American, I'm as usual, obnoxious and out of step
And out of line and you know what?
Thank God
Thank God
Because when I start talking through step in line with the so-called mainstream in this country
With the rest of the media with these grave robbers, then I know that I sold out
I'm making some pretty good bucks, but not enough money to sell out yet
Anybody got any other offers?
No
And too bad
Here's North Miami, hello
Hey, Nail?
Yes sir
How long did the Franks and nothing give you support to the Kennedy clan?
Well, he was involved in it
What does that mean sir?
Well, well, he supported the Kennedy clan, did he?
He supported them?
Here he did
He did
He did, he helped them in the election, yeah
Well, okay, so how long did he come up with this?
The youth didn't, what?
So what's your try to say is they used him, he allowed himself to be youth
And then when they were through with him and it wasn't a savory, safe to be associated with him
They cut him off like, you know, a piece of deadwood
I mean, what about the, what about the...
And have a great day
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Hollywood, hello
And Nail, every time I see a movie like a network which is also one of my favorites
I think that Patty Chertsky was a...
He saw the future better than the Austro-Germans actually
And how come by the way when he died, how come nobody made a big deal about that?
Exactly, exactly
Because the very media that he was exposing for being a bunch of grave robbers, they resented him, that's why
And I think America has become part of the reason that we've become into going into this glitz and all this
Because shows on TV like Dynasty and the...
You know, these guys are right around, everybody's trying to live in a million dollar mansion driving fast cars
And America's sitting there thinking, what am I doing wrong?
How come I live in like the Lecker Schlepper?
Yeah
And I really believe that years and years of this kind of indoctrination
And most people are out there going, Jesus, I've missed the boat
So that's why I believe why we...
But most of what I keep trying to explain to these people is that most of the people that have got the big mansions and the big money
Which you'll also want to know shows you're talking about
They're all psychotic, they're all nuts, they're drug addicts, and they're losers, and they're running, they're supporting every shrink in town
What's the big deal with that?
That's right, I got a friend of mine up in Ohio that inherited $52 million, about five, six years ago
And the guy gets up every morning, the first thing he does is takes a couple of volumes just to make through the day
Just to get a third of them, isn't that great?
Totally whacked up
Yeah
God bless us
And back to you, have a great day
$567.0560, pound $560 on the AT&T wireless, what do you think they did on Burton Approve?
The search for JFK's missing plane
I thought they found a big piece of yesterday and they find a big piece
I thought...
Didn't they?
I didn't hear about it
I'm not, of course I've been ignoring it
I have two, so I stopped watching after that point and quite frankly I really don't want to know
But I thought they found a big chunk, and they got to find the whole thing, is that what it's all about?
And some body parts too, they pray?
$567.0560, pound $560 on the AT&T line
Here's a mobile in Key West, tello
Mobile in Key West
Hello, nice to meet you
Yes sir
Hey, a couple points, you were saying about Joseph Kennedy, there's a book called Double Cross
written by Giancana's nephew, I believe it is
Right
And he said in that that there was a hit on Joseph Kennedy with saved his life, he said he could deliver the next president
To the mob
Right, I read the book
Yeah, the other thing you earlier on the day you were talking about Michael Richie in the Godfather movie
Right
Now it was his nephew, that was Connie and Carlo Richie's son, he was the Godfather then
The kid named with Michael Richie
Oh, I see, Richie
All right
All right, ZZI
Right
Okay, thanks
Yes
$567.0560, pound $560 on the AT&T wireless line, we got two or three hundred open lines for it between now and two
And Gover is going to be allowing to tell you about the greatest sportscaster all the time, Kurt Gaudi at two o'clock today
He wasn't serious when he said that was
He was just joking, come on please tell me
No
Even better than Joseph Gackie
Uh huh
Here's a pompe-no, hello
You'll got
Yes sir
Surprise, you're still hard on John Jr
I thought you were a big fan of fish food
Yeah
Anyway, my wife's sweet, huh?
Yeah, well my wife's from New York and she's seen him in the park walking with Darrell Han in all this
And so she's all the way back
Oh, walking with Darrell Han up
Yeah, yeah
Got him, I impressed
Exactly
Jesus Christ walking with a mermaid
Exactly
He's all I was like, well you know, Darrell Han I would like to see, but yeah, you know forget about it
I don't know, but it's supposedly the whole of New York cities all upset about all this stuff
And I just don't see it, it's just like the latest feeding frenzy on the part of the media
First there was OJ and then you know, it's what's it going to be this week?
Well I don't think that all 10 million people in New York have been out of shape about it
I think that the ones that are all broken up are that Northeast Liberal Establishment in New York and Boston you know
Which I'm not one of those anti-liberals, I'm one of the last of the liberals at least in some ways
But those people live in La La land, they're like separate from the real world
Exactly, we love you for it, keep up the F.A.
Okay, thanks
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless lot looks like Jordan Knights gonna make you come back on the show today
If it's good enough for TRL and MTV, it's good enough for the New York Roger Show
That's what I always say
Because these people are out there tongue-tied when they should be screaming when they should be screaming bloody murder
About something, anything, that they're not
Hey, we got cam steward on the Panthers, anybody impressed by that? Hey listen, that's something
And Daniel Bastard says hey listen, we're only gonna give you 30 or 40 more chances you guys up there in upper level management
You're only getting 70 or 80 more chances and if you guys don't have a decent season this year
We're gonna stop going and you guys are out after another 200-300 years
That's what he said
I'm excited to help all my Houstonian patients anymore
I'm just more angry with the feeling of despair
Yes
I look for my pussy but my pussy what was there
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the way
Oh, I was supposed to put kitty kitty kitty my cat fell in the way
I got a letter and my time jumped in my bed
I saw energy before that my pussy was soaking wet
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the way
Oh, I was supposed to put kitty kitty kitty my cat fell in the way
Without my mom or my mom was she foolishly did she jump
And then once again you have that pretty ass pussy that fell into the way
Then it was a pussy that we quite compare with her
Pretty ass pussy sure is her dog's pussy girl
Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the way
Oh, I was supposed to put kitty kitty kitty my cat fell in the way
If you have a pussy that you wouldn't try to sell
Never let her wander or she might fall in the way
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the way
Oh, I was supposed to put kitty kitty my cat fell in the way
Talk about fourteen at five fifty wqm
For those of you who are not emotional cripples
Part two of the PBS thing on a Kennedys is on a ten o'clock tonight
Am I correct about that on channel two in Palm Beach? It's twenty nine
I wonder if they still care is it twenty nine? I think
At any rate, it's one eight hundred if you want to order the video tape of the entire thing
One eight hundred three two eight seventy two seventy one
They have the full thing called the American Experience the Kennedys
That is 1-800-32872-71, which I am going to order it because I didn't see the first
part of that.
Although this is not new, this is something I've seen before, but certainly at this particular
time, desperately needs to be seen again in the game to put life back into its proper
perspective and cut all this bull crap.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, me.
Yes, ma'am.
You're a fabulous icon of class, and I wish more of your listeners understood that.
Do they know what that means?
No.
I mean, you knock icons, and that's what, I mean, you're great at that because we need that.
Well, I don't like that word either.
That's a silly thing, a con of class.
Well, anyway.
I hate that word.
Well, okay.
No, it just means I don't go along with a crowd that I'm not a bull crap artist like most
other people who live my life through other people's fantasies.
What's the point?
Right, really.
But you're right, and you point out something that the news needs to be ignoring.
And that is, is that his wife insisted that he take that flight.
And they're so quick to blend the paparazzi for Princess Dice, that's what I'm talking about.
Yeah, how come they're not blaming her?
That's right.
Very good point.
Why is that?
Well, because she was his wife, so therefore she was a Kennedy.
Don't you understand?
Oh, so they're not going to challenge you to that?
For the same reason, we don't hear too much about the fact he flunked at Barg's Ants
twice.
That was only mentioned very briefly in passing in hushed phones.
Well, I feel sorry for him because he was a nice average guy and he got him packed
apparently by his wife and back in the flight.
And it seems like that of a three of them on board who died.
The sister-in-law was the one who made the most contribution to society.
And we never hear about what she did.
I don't know how any idea what she did do.
What did she do?
She was an economist for something to do with the banking in China and help the Chinese
people.
And no one mentions her, but I think her life was more meaningful than any of the
You have a question.
It was only a sister-in-law.
Don't you understand?
Yeah.
There you go.
Okay, thanks.
Have a great day.
567-0560, pound 56, on the AT&T wireless line.
She didn't have the blood flowing through the veins or through her whatever.
You got it?
Oh, she did.
Here's the adventurer.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I haven't been able to listen the last couple of days.
I don't know if you mentioned the guy, the lunatic, who was pointing his gun at the cops
and then they made a whole big...
Yeah, I saw that this morning, yeah.
Did you have any opinion on that?
Well, what I was going to say...
I don't jump to opinions because I see 30 seconds of footage on the TV news.
Well, what I was going to say was, okay, my brother's a cop, right?
Yeah.
And if I know that I know cop mentality, anyway, regardless of my...
It doesn't matter, black...
If you're pointing a gun, they let that guy go way too long.
He's been there point flailing a gun back and forth.
Yeah, and they have it on videotape, right?
They come down, you know.
But you got to understand in America, every time a black guy gets shot,
even if he's pointing a gun and waving it around and threatening people,
right away the cries of racism come out and they would get a big song today.
And the end of LAC, people get involved in it.
And Jesse will be down here in a couple of days in the Anacos.
I know what you're saying.
And Neil.
Neil and closing?
Yes, sir.
The only difference between JFK Jr and a Cuban is that...
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's North Lauderdale.
Hello.
John, John, sleep with the...
Okay, here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I was serious about your night.
I can see he's going to make a real comeback here real soon.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I just want to make a couple of comments, Neil.
I want to...
Of course it's a tragedy to die.
But the point is, the...
The elaborate...
This curse of the Kennedy's.
They've lost 5 or 6 people in 40 years.
This family's that lose entire families in one day.
Well, like that mother that kept killing all of her babies, yeah.
Seven.
And the other thing is, I was a pilot for years.
And one of the big problems with these people, people that are very wealthy,
is that they get involved in a hobby or a sport.
And what they do, because they have the money to do it,
they start exceeding their ability.
This guy with very limited experience buys a fairly complex airplane,
and then goes out with very little experience at night.
And of course, he's going to spin in.
Thurmond Munson, the teacher for the Yankee years ago,
he went up and he's flying a jet because he could afford one.
But his capacity wasn't equal to the test,
and he ended up doing the same thing.
Yeah.
And so for people with that kind of money and so forth,
he seemed like a nice guy, but the tendency is to go beyond your means,
as far as your abilities and so forth.
That's what happened.
But evidently, he knew his abilities were limited
because he insisted that he didn't want to make the trip,
and he certainly didn't want to have to land twice in the same night,
and he got talked into it.
Well, that's it.
And once you get out over the water at night,
and you start losing references,
if you don't have the training to go immediately to those gauges,
you're going to end up making a mistake,
and once you make the first mistake,
you're certainly not going to recover from that one,
and it only compounds itself.
But I'm also very tired with this country,
has this obsession with this family.
And so I'm sure that if you went down in the Naraplanar I did,
I don't think there's going to be a $30 billion search directed.
That's right.
At this point, what's the point?
He's dead.
You know, so anyway, thank you.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, but the media still can then milk some more good stuff out of this.
Don't you understand?
They got a milk and for all they can get,
and you got these 24 hour news channels,
and every time something sensational happens like this,
or they perceive to be sensational,
they just go crazy.
They go ballistic.
This is what they live for.
This is what they wait for.
One call left in the board.
We're waiting, okay?
I don't think we're going to have much luck today between now and two o'clock.
It's going to be a,
Jordan Nightfest festival.
I can smell it already.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Hey, listen, I'm sitting there watching news.
Every time I turn a channel 7 last time,
I don't watch them,
but yeah, Rick Sanchez and that guy just makes me sick.
Oh, brother.
He looks at me.
He's about to cry.
I was going to give him an academy award of anything.
Get him thrown out there, throw him into the show.
Yeah, they really made this into,
I don't ordinarily watch them.
I was channeled surfing last night to see what the local
stations were doing.
It was a fair,
and about 5.25, they had this dramatic music on.
And I just couldn't understand what they were doing.
Like, is this a newscast?
Or is this some kind of a staged event?
Hey, it was a circus.
And, you know, I want to find out what family curse.
I mean, you know, if a plane landed on him, okay?
But, you know, you walk onto the rain in the thunderstorm,
you get struck by lightning.
That's not a curse, you know, you're in action port.
The moron gets drunk and, you know,
it drives into a river in filth,
and then there's no curse in the ground.
And that's not a curse.
A world where, too, pilot goes out and gets shot
over the greatest channel.
That's not a curse.
I mean, you know, you do things that,
there's no curse and wrong.
These are things that happen.
You expose yourself to a certain danger,
and it happens.
You know, there's no curse in the world.
I'm sorry.
And, you know, I'm a pilot pilot myself,
and I have a little amount of hours.
I would never,
I don't even like to go out at night.
But the bad thing about this is now how long before somebody says, well, what's
sort of investigating what it takes to become a pilot in what's raised
and standard. Now finally somebody famous got killed, well, and then after that
their effort is in a path to legislation, it's going to make it harder on us, and
eventually somebody wants to do the plane manufacturers, you know, that one's
coming. But I know the Kennedy's need the money real bad. Okay, pal, I have a
$560,000, $560,000, and the AT&T wireless line. Well, I think it won't think it's
the 20th. That means the 25th is only five days away. That's what that's what
keeps me coming in. Just thinking about those two dates, the 10th and the 25th
every month. Because to see, to go through this experience day after day after
day of my life, to be to sit here and to be the one out of a handful of people in
this entire country, who says anything that makes any sense, and it isn't just
a crap, and begging and pleading and cajoling and squeezing out of this death
nail, out of this sum pump of the universe that we're in, out of this swamp land.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay.
Long time, listen, our first time caller. Hey, that caller made a good point
about famous people. They sent all the money to find them. If that was you or me,
they would have called to search off the second date. Anybody from a non-prominent
family, the search for them to go real fast. Well, they have a decent
immediate need that to keep it going. They should have to pay all their profits to
the pay for the search. Yeah, sure. They can keep it going on the TV. Hold your breath.
Anyway, Neil, I listen to you all the time. I don't get a chance call from
there. Awesome, but man, you sure to make my day go by fast. Thanks a lot. Have a good one. See you. Bye.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. The LaThargic South Floridian's
going to be a good one. Because the Cubans aren't involved in this yet. That's why we're
not getting the counter response. We need more Cuban blockades in the streets.
Are there? It's good for talk shows. I'll tell you that. It's everybody whooped up into
a frenzy. By the way, the election is a week from two days, nine days away, week from
this Thursday, 29th. That word keeps going through my mind over and over again. They try
to pedal your bill of good. They had the thing on the bird road toll boot plasering out
of the new one and the people of traffic has to go through where the old one was. They're
doing everything in their power to piss on you motorists off in date county to try to
brainwash you and suck you into getting a yes vote next Thursday. Don't get sucked in.
OK? Don't buy it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Oh, my name. Yes, sir. OK, Neil. You heard it first here. It is a Cuban connection.
Cuban were involved in this. I think what do you think involved in what? In this crash.
Meaning what? They killed us. OK, huh? 5 6 7 0 5 said not that this, but OK, pal,
they need some jackass like you. W Q a n. Hey, what is your website address?
NeilRangers.com. Thank you. You're welcome. OK, well, you were out in the hallway
and parking around. So I had to, you know, grab it. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
line as we continue searching for the guide, the maternal truths of the human race and the
one being just indeniable that the overwhelming majority of people believe they have no
life. You know, it's amazing to make people who got like families, kids, grandkids, dogs, cats,
parakeets, a cockatoo, whatever they got. And they still think they have no life. So
all this other bull crap and all this other synthetic make believe horse ball. At least
lunches here. Thank God for something good. 26 past noon to 5 60 W Q a m. It's times
like this when I wish we could smoke in his room and I could sit back and by the way,
whatever happened to our buddy Nick. Speaking of which, speaking of which one, look what
I'm smoking now and have been Garcia Vegas crappy dime stores to guards because I think
men falls down on a job. Jesus Christ here, a bunch of high priced talent like us here
and we're smoking cigar store crap.
You're a bastard.
Munkastra, Enfazima, Smegma, Cevarya, Saraya, they can all be attributed to the harmful
effect of smoking cigarettes. Hello, I'm William Talbot. Perhaps you'll remember me
as Hamilton Burger. Clinton Burr's adversary on perination. And now I'm dead. So take
it from me. Get the habit and you won't wind up like I did. Don't smoke and you'll never
die. Ever. This message paid for by the militant dance I smoking can be for immortality.
Hey, anybody got a light?
Crawfirty one at five sixty WQM. There's nothing like Hamilton burger. The only thing almost
that good is this great lunch from Tony's today. Are we good buddy Brad? Thanks a lot, Brad.
I'll see you on the turnpike. Not got a little tiny and saucy. Which is a little bit
of sauce here, which is good for your prostate. Even you women out there. Five six seven
organic enormous vacuum. One thing shooting fish in a barrel here. It's like it's hopeless.
But still kind of got them throwing your hook out in the middle of a desert. Here's a mobile
in Weston. Hello. Hey, Neil, are you okay, sir? I've been suffering hemorrhoids for
about two years. I'm calling to find out I heard it took care of yours. What did you
do? I listened to Joseph Gackie for five minutes. They dried up immediately. Five six seven
O five sixty, pound five sixty on the 18 and T line. Here's a lot of day I'll buy the
sea. Hello. Hey, Neil. I was a little groggy this morning, but I heard someone say
it when these right wing spin doctors was already accusing Hillary Clinton of the sabotage
to bring down the plane. Yeah, sure. Because she had John John might could possibly be
in a corner in the center of gray. Well, it wasn't going to be. No, but I mean, you know,
that's what they're well, when you deal with crazy people, that's the kind of stuff they
come up with. Yeah, well, I've got this new Comcast digital 180 station. So I've been
able to avoid most of this press cover. Good for you. Great. There's one good movie
I haven't seen as good as it gets with Jack Nicholson. I don't know if you saw that. No, I mean,
it's not great, but it's pretty good. You might like it. Okay, it's better than watching
Fox News Network. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Five six seven O five sixty, pound five sixty on the
18 and T wireless line. See, in a normal place like in a real living and breathing place,
even the thing I was talking about, Hank say in the group, Gowdy was the greatest, which
I realized we're not talking about that today, but nevertheless, just that comment, just
that throw away. There would have been 500 people wanted to call up with an opinion on that.
But here it's like, you know, whatever it is, yeah, that's it. Not just lethargic, it's
like creeping death. You can smell it. You can feel it. Stick your finger out the window
that's slimy ooze. It's not what you think. It's the ooze of death. Here's a mobile
in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, we're certainly in the dogbays of summer
down here. Jesus Christ is this a place? The home I do in here. Listen, Sunday night, I've
been out of town and I got voice of the voice of reason in the Everglades. Sunday night,
when I got back, I was watching a little bit of the coverage about the activity tragedy.
About 930 that night, they cut to a press conference where they basically changed the mission
from a rescue to a recovery. And when they cut back to Channel 7 Rick Sanchez, you
could just tell he was so excited that he was finally going to what he was about to say.
And he said that it's official. At this point, we have to presume that John F. Kennedy Jr.
is dead. And the glee and the excitement, I mean, he was just deciding to decide himself.
And it wasn't, but maybe maybe three minutes after that comment that they had an obituary
tribute already lined up that they aired. And you know, it's just unbelievable. The media
here compared to the rest of the country. When you've been compared to the rest of the
country, right? The country is in a feeding frenzy on this. That's all they're talking
about on every god damn network, on every news network. That's all they're talking about.
I'm like, guys, the sports channels haven't gotten into it. Yeah, I don't mean it. I don't
mean it. I mean it like that. It's just the sensationalism of that channel, the way
that, well, I mean, there's that's just for crazy people. Watch channel seven. Amen.
You're going to have a great day. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I like to change subject from
an FMAs. Go ahead. I was at Dave County Courthouse this afternoon, or earlier this afternoon,
paying a traffic fine. And I was looking through some of the dockets and I noticed
a W I O D versus rich tenders of the United. Yeah, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. So you know how old
Borgon still you are giving the idea. Exactly. Here's a Jensen Beach. Hello. Jensen Beach,
yes, sir. How are you? Okay. I'm talking about a couple issues, if you don't mind. Who are
this is? This is that jackass. As soon as I heard the voice, I knew who it was. Trying
to call in Jensen Beach today instead of here or whatever it usually says, Porting
Loosely. Get a freaking life. Okay. You see, I just throw in the towel for the rest
of the day. I throw it in because I give up. If that's what I got is the bridge tender
guy and this jackass that we thought we got rid of a long time ago, Andy's boyfriend
up there in Porting Loosie. If that's the best we got left, then we might most turn
to the god's amp up your night. You know, if I want to be, please just pray. This is
the best we can do.
He can't sing. He can't sing. He's close to like a butterfly, but boy, he's there.
He's speaking of trailer trash. He was on the run. They had him on during the countdown
yesterday on MTV. What's the guy's name? What's the host name on that show on the TRL?
Anybody know? Not that it makes any difference, but it was obvious. He was dressed like a
shlumper. He was speaking of trailer trash. He looked like he just came in out of a dumpster.
They let give him a real quick hello and goodbye and get out of here and go put some real
clothes on and maybe don't even think about coming back. God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8,
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 9, if we can do better than bridge tender junior and Greg from Boynton Beach
by way of, you know, it's amazing this town. You got Harvey from Kendall who then was in
Miami Beach and I was in West Palm Beach, but still I see right in the stupid letters
to the editor and every now and then hear that whiny horrendous voice on the air. Greg
from Boynton Beach who is now Greg from Port St. Lucy who today was Greg from Jensen
Beach and still no matter where he's from, it's still. He's an asshole. Right. God. Like
I said, there's nothing basically wrong with this area. We just need a people transplant.
That's all we need. We can stand the humidity and the heat for a couple of months here.
Big deal. At least we don't have the snow and the sleet and the ice and the other crap.
Could be paradise. We just need a people transplant. I'll give it a list. 5, thank God. He
can have no Bob Tides. It was in Vaughan and Kennedy stuff. Thank God there's one great
American. We can all admire. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless
line. Here's a mobile in the Vero Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. The media is sick
and in detail. Yeah. Hey, if you would have kept that guy from Port St. Lucy and the
phone a little longer, there's a lightning storm going down the traveling south right
right now. Oh, I only wish. I wish I had to give it that a fan to running. You know,
that you can come to Mount and I run him over for you. Okay. Hey, wouldn't it,
do you imagine what it's the scene going to be like? The first guy that goes down to
playing? What if, you know, he was doing something with the sister and I got to a big
cat fight or something like that? Mm-hmm. Or do I go to something with the sister on
that small plane? Well, no, like they had found out, you know, I see. You know,
it's a fan or maybe she's they were doing a little more or a reputation. Right. You
know, I'm, you know, just thinking about the things to think about them. Okay. Keep
thinking long and hard, man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60. You see, we have a very
large segment of the American public that's, you know, they live in a cocoon. They're
in our fantasy. We want to indulge ourselves in bullcrap, even though the, in a reality
is nothing related to what we believe. Fine. Go hide under a rock somewhere, please. And
don't watch that thing on PBS and I've got for a bit because you're too much of an emotional
cripple to deal with the truth. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes,
man. Oh, it's on that on a mobile. Here's a lady in Miami Beach, not on a mobile. How
are you? Okay. Happy Tuesday. And back to you. Thank you. I'm, I'm flabbergasted. I was
waiting for this to affect me and it did yesterday. I caught a little mini traffic jam
out in front of your old haunts where they put up this nasty bust of John of Kennedy. It
looks like somebody sat on his head and flattened them. And there were bouquets of flowers
there. How disjointed is that? But the news truck, the amount of news trucks that were
piled up around this, the Univision Telemundo Channel 7. There was some international
or take pictures of the statue with a flower. Taking pictures of the statue with the flowers
on it. Absolutely. And about, say, you know, just in time, six clockish, unbelievable, unbelievable.
And I said to my husband, I heard after the plane was an hour late, they called the FAA. Where
they get that number, would they take my call that quickly? No. And by the way, they're,
they're searching the bottom of the ocean floor now for the bodies, you know, for more,
for more wreckage. I love to see him wandering aimlessly in a circle somewhere with that
news. You know, like they made it out and he finds out he's been dead all this time.
And all this has gone on. And what would the media do with they have to back pedal? You
know, how we found him. He doesn't know who he is. That would be pretty funny. That's
not going to happen. But, you know, okay. Yeah. What can I tell you? Have a great day.
Thanks you too. Fine. What did you say? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
line. Kirk Gaudi, greatest sports announcer of all time. Let's hear it. And this morning,
I'm coming to work in in a moment of between change in CDs and my CD player. I hear the
talking to one of the Broward commissioners about John Rotsker, my thing about building
a new stadium about the, see, I told you, they're going to pull this all off. They're going
to shove it down the throat to the public. See, I hate to break the news to you when they
build a facility of any kind. The idea, it's one thing that's bad enough that they soak
you in arm and leg to go and watch the ball games themselves, whatever the sporting events
are, or the concerts or whatever else. But the idea that everybody in the community has
to pay for it, even though they're never going to use it. And it's a private business.
It's not a community thing. I wrote Hank Sand at several times and he's right. Baseball
team isn't a community thing. It's a private business. That's what we've been hearing
about the last two, three years, all the whining about all the money that they've been
losing. It's business, private business. So why the hell should people who don't have
any interest in it, which is the majority of the public? Why the hell should they subsidize
it? More toys for rich people. But that's not all about it. And John Robertson, he's
on her, just going, well, butterbeek, butterbulb, you know, and of course it would be bad
if the Marlins left and y'all, all this other crap. You watch, they'll suck these guys
into it just like Wayne did with that arena. All that hanky, panky was pulling them. All
the Panthers are leaving and they're going to Portland and they're going here and they're
going there. Not that he would ever lie to us. You don't understand that because there's
one guy that we at least we can trust. And I'm going to tell you something right now
and you can mark it down. If Howard Conning would change their mind and decide they wanted
to build this facility, I will not play here. Right. Because I will not have you guys looking
at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did
something else. Thank God for you, Wayne. Somebody that we can trust, somebody that looks
like a Texas right in the eye, who lies to his ball-headed teeth. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's the mobile in West Palm. Hello. Hey, good to know.
Okay, sir. Okay, judging by the other calls before the day, I've already established my
call is basically going to suck. So I'm all for you putting Jordanite back on. Yeah.
Yeah, that's not like good plan because you know, apparently all those colors suck today.
So you're a nice good plan. Okay. Here's a mobile in Pembert Pine. Hello.
I'm the meal. How you doing? Okay, sir. I'm like you. I could personally care less about
the American tragedy. But I didn't hear half of your show yesterday and I don't know if anybody
informed you about the Peter Jennings interview that ended up being Howard Stern.
Yeah, I read about it. It's the same old tired craft. I'm just nauseated with it.
Well, I thought it was pretty funny. Actually, you know, something I don't think it's funny.
Okay, pal, I'm sick and tired of assholes like Howard and his sucklings there who have to
no matter what it is, no matter what the hell it is, whether it's the kids that got shot in
little to Colorado or with somebody dying in a plane crash, give it a few minutes. Okay,
before you make it into a big joke like we did. Even with this thing is overblown as it was.
You know, Howard really needs the publicity, right? Yeah. And again, it's part of that hype
machine and you got simple things like this guy who think, oh, well, I was sure of funny.
Yeah, Peter Jennings puts on the call thinking it's somebody from the Coast Guard. Hey,
you know, Peter Howard, Howard Stern thinks you were a dick. And Peter Jennings having the
great sense of humor that he's got of course handled it like like that. You know, kind of like
grow up already. Okay, pal, get a freaking life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th
one of Howard's lackeys could come and drop 45 pounds of human extra men on your doorstep and
you'd be going, oh, that's funny. Here's a mobile in Parkland. Hello. Man, you were just going to
mention this thing in passing this morning. This Kennedy thing. Yeah. I was wondering. Who said that?
You did this morning. No, I did not. I said, I thought that yesterday would be. I said, I thought
we were all done by the end of yesterday. Right. Anyhow, you're going to put some other materials
here. I'm waiting for some other stuff that these people want to talk about. Yeah, well,
I won't talk much about your new TV. Did it work out for you? It's, it's okay. It's okay.
It's okay. It's not great. It's not the XPR. You're not going to recommend it, huh?
It's okay. It all depends on what you had before. I'm going to say it again. It's not as good
as the Sony XPR and it never will be. All right. Okay. Hey, what do you know about this network?
What do I know about it? Yeah. I think it's hopped up with Direct TV or now. What do you mean by
hopped up? What does that mean? Well, Direct TV. You're supposed to have these sports packages
in this and now. They do. Direct TV is the best. All right. You would go with Direct.
Sony is under Direct TV. Call them immediately. Leave not sooner. 56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. The item of you heard the Colombians
at the air right in downtown now. They. Okay. Let's go to Coral Springs. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Your your favorite mayor who should be in jail was on the Paul and Ron
show and they were majorly suck. Yeah. I already had a spy report. Yeah. They were sucking his
hand. Oh, my. And then the guy on from Channel 10, who was trying to. Michael Pugney. Yeah. He
was terrible. I almost threw the TV. The radio up through the window. It's so bad. Well,
you know, it's obvious that the mayor picks and chooses very carefully going on with the
real political hell like Paul Castanova and your buddy came on the guy from Kendall and he
said his name. He says and then first thing mayor. Pugney said was, oh, I can't speak to him on
the radio or TV or anything because he's in litigation. And Paul goes, oh, we got to get rid of him.
Then see. Yeah. So it was total can try. I forbid they should put somebody on there.
They really knows what they're talking about to expose what a shame. Oh, and this is the next
call. The next call they had. There's a we had six calls on today that anybody can speak to
mine. All six people were sucking up to them off. So I said, I only had one side of you.
Wonder how that happened. I know. All right. Maybe they had Chris more. They're screaming
in the calls. Have a great day. Yeah. Okay. 600 open lines. This audience is loud.
They got a call before from Palm Beach. He's right. Jordan Knight is the plan.
Oh, that was your TV. Yeah. Oh, my God. It's a lot of time.
Oh, yeah. Well, I'm sitting here reading your facts.
Says, I've had it with the hockey coverage in this town. I'm disgusted by your comment. What is this a bond?
Who is this written to? Panther NHL comm. Hopefully we've decided it's called Oh, it's in the
hero today. Oh, yeah. It's what's wrong with this column in the hero today? Brian,
who says, thanks for the tickets last season. Dan LaBaster finally had a column where he makes
some sense. The only problem is they write the same column every year and they say if they don't
get the job, then I make the playoffs, then they're going to get fired and they never do.
And Robbie need a more. This must be the breakout year for Robbie, right? Is this going to be
there? Yeah, breakout year? No. What's the point? Okay. You're dealing with the topic that nobody
here knows anything about so they can write anything they want. By the way, you'll be very excited
to know those of you who keep track of our real students of this program. We received on our
facts machine this morning at nine. Oh, this came in yesterday about 3 p.m. But I received at nine.
What about came in and it says dear sir or madam, this is to accounts payable WKIS.
This is the second past two notice I have sent you attempting to collect the proceeds from
invoice numbers so and so in the amount of $75 our services were used April 16 to 18 1999.
Please remit. I'm thanking you in advance for your assistance in this matter. Best regards. Henry
Clay and Balmore, New Jersey. Remember, he did something in fully for some kind of a stringer
up there. I'm one of the ballgains. 75 bucks they wrote them for 90 days and as poor bastard is
still sending more invoices. Okay. Oh, geez, I shouldn't have done that. Should I? Wow, I'm waiting
for the next one. You know, the 120 day one. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a lady mobile in Delray Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I have to agree with what you
were saying about building the stadium and putting it off on the people in the community and the
taxpayers of the community. And along with Ryan at work last night we had a debate about vouchers
going given to the children and being able to use them at private schools. Yeah. And someone told
me that the private schools have to take them because their state subsidized and I was under the
impression that private schools weren't subsidized by the state or the federal government.
I was wondering if you knew anything about that. What is it, George? They're not supposed to be,
but now they are. Oh, well, yeah, they are now. That's part of the deal. Okay. This is the
beginning of the end for public education. This is the book plan. This is the right wing plan to
with this direct public education and leave it for the, you know, who? I mean, but also isn't
public schools reimbursed by the state and the federal government based on how many people they have?
Yes. By attendance. Right. So that makes no sense to me how people, how these children,
children all over regardless of income level are, that's going to make a better case. This is just
the way around the, this is an end around so that they can subsidize parochial schools and they
can help to put it into the public education system as we know it. That's all, that's what this is all about.
Okay. Well, now I'm more discussed than I was last night. But you should be, you should be
discussed. That's all. Okay. Thank you. No more boots. 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pond 5 60 on a mobile one line, two calls on a board here today. We're having a heated debate
about the greatest sportscaster of all time who certainly was not Kurt Gowdy and I got two
laudity calls on the board on the sports station. And a guy named Brian who I gave hockey tickets
to last year, tell me about what a stupid article in that one was wrong with that article. He finally
wrote something that made a little bit of sense. They got all their money locked up with Pavel
Bere and now they're not going out and spending any money for any other real free agents and not
making a commitment to winning. And why the hell should they? If you were Wayne, let me ask you this,
why would you go a dig deep into your pocket and go out there and spend any more money than you
had to when you already know that you're going to fill that you in up just about every night 41 times
this season? Why the hell would you go out there and do it? And especially when 95% of the people
look or when they're anyway don't know anything about hockey to begin with. It's a social club.
That's all it is. It's a nice clean place. It's a safe environment. People are having a good time.
They're talking to each other on a cell phone. They're doing the wave. They're doing who got
only knows what they're doing. It's happening in a very boring place.
And the proof is in the pudding that all those people show up and while the game is going on,
you listen to their conversation. They're going like that. They don't know what's going on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Boy, tomorrow let's see July 21st. Sounds like a good day to start another vacation.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir.
What makes John Henry think the attendance is going to go up, moving the stadium from West
West, North Miami to downtown Lauderdale? I mean, you're just moving a terrible product.
First of all, let me ask you this, sir. How do you get to downtown Fort Lauderdale? How do you get there?
95. Yeah. And is anybody going to drive a 95? No.
So I don't see how you can justify moving the T. I mean, you take the panthers in the heat,
you take them a bad area to a greater, a better area. That's different, but you're not,
you're not leaving a bad area. Well, what do you mean, what do you mean the heat? The heat
are going from a bad area to a good area? They just move four blocks.
What do you mean that down that, that heat, the analysis is horrible. You don't think the location is bad.
The neighborhood is terrible. That's what I just said. They move four blocks.
Well, it's not a residential area where they're moving to now. Is it on this game?
No, it's it's, but it's still part of a downtown Miami. It's a toilet.
So you don't think, so you don't think the heat will benefit like the panthers did by moving?
I'm afraid, sir. Let me say to you, they move four blocks away. How can you anywhere in America?
How can you say that by moving your house and arena for four blocks that you're benefiting? I don't
get it. Well, okay, Neil, thanks a lot. Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's the mobile in Cooper City. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing? I just hit a brick wall, you know. I'm sorry, man. Just about an hour ago,
we ran into a brick wall and I don't think anything is going to save us.
Well, I just hope that down in a row when a national choir in the globe gets their hands on the
JFK thing, they start making up stories that you know, he got lost out there, it's see rolled it
into the ocean and he's standing at Kennedy's house, you know, where, you know, he said he tried
countless times to go down and save it. That would probably be on the weekly world news. It'll be in there.
Yeah, I'm sure he was seen having a lunch at a diner with Elvis.
Yeah, exactly. Or, you know, John Denver, who knows.
All right, buddy. Have a good day. Okay, back to you. Another guy with no material. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, they have no material about anything this audience. This town is run dry, baby. It's like
being out in the middle of dry gulps and Nevada, in the middle of the desert. That's what it is.
Even Bill and four Myers, even his facts was a little bit of material that was entertaining.
Thank you, Bill and four Myers, who has no life, but at least admits it. God bless you.
Forgiven me something. These people are giving me something. It's a mental hemorrhoid. That's what they're
giving me. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami. With a radio up in the back.
Come on, turn it up a little louder. You can do it. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm sorry. My phone was cut in and out. I had to put the radio on. Here we are. It's
a tough to ask the world right now. Well, the lady that mentioned about the voucher thing was,
I have two children in private school and I thought that being a taxpayer that I was trying to
be some of my gay county public school tax money would be coming back to me and I give a voucher.
No, not at all. I'd have to pull my kids out of the private school, put them in the school in
the neighborhood that's failing in order to get the voucher to then apply to get back into the
private school. Right. Instead of faking those schools that are failing and bringing them up to
stuff, we do a stupid asking like that to like see if we can't bury them. Yeah, and let's be
a lot of them for being the punishment. We're not going to get any money. We got really
sold down the river on this one. Right. Absolutely. We know our motivation was probably wrong.
We're not going to get what we thought we were going to get either. Yeah. Everybody got it all
the way around. Same thing as the penny sales tax and the county sales tax. If you're going to go,
you drive quarter vets. You're going to go by $60,000 a car. You're going to save what?
What wasn't we do the math was that you're going to save 900 bucks or just by walking through the door
in Broward County is supposed to buy it on the day Broward line on the like say up a county line.
Any person in business in date County you've also next yes next Thursday needs a psychiatrist.
Sure. I mean you're going to you're going to go buy a washer dryer. You're going to drive up
flamingo road. You're going to go I mean you're going to you five big five four thousand dollar
EVD home theater system. You're saving 80 bucks by buying it in Broward. Yeah. I don't know. I think
you're stealing them. I'd rather pay the 50 cents on this whole just say no. There you go.
Have a great day Phil. Okay. Good luck to us. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. It's
oh good I got to find another channel. What are they doing on MTV? I can't stand it. I just can't
take another minute of it. It's just ridiculous. What are they doing? I forgot what's a new
channel. 331. What about the what started? Do we actually have a channel that's really got any
videos on? Where are they hanging these days? Oh Danny Bonda douchebag. I'm ready to go back
to the county thing. What happened to much? Oh much is okay. Let's stick with much. They're
on the line. I wish I'd just taken the day off in honor of this tragedy. I should have said I was at home
morning. Up the butt. All right. Yes. I know that you keep on checking up my family. Yeah.
I'm playing you cause I'm very cute.
Oh my breath. They're poking my mouth. I'm standing here.
It's come on to me. There's two things in my ear.
hmm
yeah
L hep maison.
iciasedi c'est un gloignets.
La.
Vous emmenuez la cl raisee.
numro 9.
La.
Lalere.
La.
Well done!
aj.
Oh!
She's so pretty.
She's so pretty fine.
You should be stand up too.
Yeah, the same rolling stone screen,
the same side of time.
What sign?
She's so pretty fine.
She looks pretty fine,
but she's just...
I know you're going to get up to it when I say this,
but you know the thing you came across this morning
came across so to speak on MTV with her.
I saw that last night.
They repeat as you know stuff over and over again.
And where she was dating that nerdy looking guy
that I thought wasn't too bad, but turns out to have a big snows.
But anyway, if you look not even all that closely,
but it looks like they're starting to sag.
Now when you're 17 years old and you just had implants,
they're not supposed to be sagging.
Either they're sagging or they're just growing
so they're becoming unmanageable.
Maybe she needs help managing them.
Maybe she has run away breast that are starting to become
so elongated that she's going to need support.
I mean like straps from above, like from up on her head.
Yeah, to hold them up because they're going to be so
whatever they are.
Babe, she can have a helping hand.
I'm serious. I'm a little concerned for bringing by the time she's 20.
They're going to be down to her knees.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
So you think it's a little bit close-minded of you to think that
moving three blocks to where the American people are?
Four blocks.
Or four blocks. You're not way improving your situation.
No, I don't at all. I know the area like the palm of my hand.
I know this town very well.
Neil, and coconut grove. You said, where do you work?
And you move three blocks and improve your situation.
Coconut depends on a railroad tracks.
I'm sorry?
That depends on which side of the railroad tracks you're in,
like in hell or the hell.
But downtown Miami is that there are no railroad tracks.
Well, and coconut grove, you move three blocks and you're in the water.
You mean, but they're not building the arena in coconut grove, sir.
Well, where they're building the arena.
There are very few places anywhere where you can move four blocks
and it makes a big deal of difference.
In addition to which, even if you're one block east of the railroad tracks in the grove,
you're still only one block away.
Well, where they're putting the arena in the water.
You want me to give you the best proof of the pudding?
Let's take North Day, though, okay, where Biscay and Calacabra can all
to tell you all about this.
You know, there are no railroad tracks there either,
but is that area deteriorated?
Is the nature of the population and the area changed dramatically?
Fewer and fewer people wanted to go there to a Biscayne dog.
They used to handle a million dollars in the afternoon and a million dollars a night.
They used to handle a fortune there.
They used to have thousands and thousands of people going there.
And now, what have they got?
Nothing. They're out of business.
Well, I personally think that they're improving.
They're trying to make that like your next base site overlooking the water.
And how many people go to bat how many people do you know shop at base side?
I don't know anybody who goes to base side.
I have a feeling that they're going to be more going now
because you can make it an activity thing that you can...
Where do you park?
Well, that's another question.
Uh-huh.
And how do you get there?
We'll get there.
Okay. Have a good time.
Have a good time.
That's like saying, oh, I'm living in a bad neighborhood.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to have them come in and tear down my house
and I'm going to build a new house, a block away.
And then I'll feel better.
I'll then I'll feel safe.
Like Michael said in Godfather, yeah, we'll have a meeting where I can feel safe.
5667 Louise in the Bronx.
5667 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
A little close-minded to me. You're right.
I'm not going there.
Here's Sunnyland. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Peach Barber Shop in Sunnyland, the Monday morning, one barber to another.
If it were you and me in that plane and it went down,
it probably sent out a bass boat, the guy with a cooler.
And maybe drop a fish finder, come back in and just say,
those two, if I can say assholes, shouldn't have been flying anyway.
And the subject.
They send round the peel out there with this pocket fisherman.
That's it.
Yeah. Have a great day.
And back to you.
Oh, I think we're beating a dead horse with that one.
I mean, that's obvious.
The rich have, you know, one set of standards in a government responding a certain way.
And the rest of the public is too bad, you know.
Tough crap. We feel sorry for you.
Not five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Pinecrest. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Did you happen to catch the mayor on Zeta this morning?
No, I did not, but I've had two calls about it.
Thank you very much.
Five, I don't listen to Zeta five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
We're making a feeble.
I do mean feeble attempt.
We got 40 minutes to go.
Is there any chance in the hell that we're going to get there at a little to a clock?
It's like it's like being on it's like being in the middle of the ocean and you're finally swimming.
You see it like two miles away.
There's the shore.
There's land kind of like those Cubans a couple of weeks ago.
Just yards away.
Are you ever going to get there?
No.
Are you ever going to make it?
No. No. No.
We can see two o'clock on a clock, but I don't think we're going to get there.
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello.
First time long time. Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Question.
Where do you get it, sir?
We're desperate.
Dependent.
Yeah.
They had somebody in the radio this morning talking about that.
Yeah, okay. Thank you.
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Well, it's such a how it's done.
Why don't you?
Yeah, okay. Thanks.
You sure call out Peter Jennings, by the way, and tell me some asshole.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I just wanted to call you because I had to talk to you about what I saw last night in the scene.
Yes.
They had this chick reporter, went up in the plane with some flight instructor,
and they tried to recreate probably what happened in the plane.
And how it fell.
They tried to recreate what happened in the plane.
Are they still spinning or they hit water yet?
Let me tell you how it was.
He goes into the seat, said that you can turn it, but you might not know exactly what's going on.
There she goes.
Oh, yes, I can feel the disorientation right now.
So then what happened?
Would they lose consciousness?
Oh, well, no.
You have to be an expert player after you make this maneuver and you do this.
I'm like, what is the purpose of this, boss?
What is the purpose of this?
The purpose is to continue milking somebody else's tragedy for all you can
and convincing the public that it's a big son of a dint and milk it for rating.
Don't you understand these news networks, MSNBC, and even CNN, and Fox News, they have marginal ratings.
Most of the time.
So they have to exploit when something that they consider to be sensational happens,
whether it's the OJ trial, whether it's Princess Diana gets killed,
anything like this, they have to exploit it for all its worth because that's the only time when they can attract an additional audience
by convincing them that this is a major important event and they have to keep glued to it to find out what's going on.
To be honest with you, I really don't have a problem with making it an important event.
It's just the exploitation of this person's death and the length, the length that they do.
But they do that all the time.
How many times is MSNBC run specials already and also run at Jane Pauli thing on time and again about
John Panay-Ramsi talking about exploiting somebody's death.
Do they have any new information?
No.
Do they solve it?
No.
Do they have anything worthwhile that we're going to learn from watching that craft?
No.
But you're just exploiting it because that's what they need to do.
I just had to let you know what I saw left, my name.
Well, don't do it again.
All right.
See ya.
Yeah, I'm convinced that what's his name?
The governor of glasses, John, I hate him.
Oh, I suddenly have a mental block.
I can't believe I forgot his name now.
Good. That's a good step in the right direction.
One of another one that was left over is from the OJ thing.
The one that's on there with the yellow here all day with the glasses.
Oh, my God.
I'm just going to program that new TV.
I'm just going to skip my MSNBC.
They give me, they just give me psychotic.
That man is, is a lunatic television for crazy people.
People that are just obsessed.
I mean, talk about obsessive behavior.
What could be, I mean, okay, if Brittany was under a naked having sex with the polar bear,
then I might understand it.
A lot of people would sit there and watch it as long as they would leave it on.
Okay.
Then I might understand it.
But what more is there to be learned about this cock-a-ryle already?
Okay.
John Gibson, I'm sorry.
Just, I just, it's that back.
Damn it.
I wonder if he's really going to do a Dr. John Gibson.
No.
There's another harness racing name.
Let's talk about that, yelling.
No.
Here's a mobile and coconut crea.
Kill him.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about, uh, back to the, uh, back to the, uh, back to the fourth cast, or whatever?
What is it?
The best fourth cast, or ever?
Yes, sir.
How about maybe, I don't know if you can pin it down to one, but maybe three.
It's like picking the best baseball player.
Yeah, like, well, like Vince Gullim maybe, and they, oh!
Oh!
You don't like Vince Gull?
Not at all.
How about keys, Jackson, Colossal Ball?
No, not the best sportscaster, remember.
He's, he's good at what he does, but.
How about Colossal?
But he wasn't really a sportscaster.
The only sport he needed to play by, play with boxing.
He wasn't a sportscaster.
He just played his profile, too.
A little bit money, no?
Not, not played by play.
He was a color guy.
Yeah, that's true.
Don't say color guy, cuz then he'll say, I'll give it a little monkey again.
Who's getting trouble?
But he, no, we don't care, cuz he's dead.
Okay, sir, I try.
At least there's somebody commented on that, okay?
Like in a, see, this isn't, I, I've pointed this over and over again.
It's not a sports place.
There's no interest in sports here.
You watch this WNV8 thing.
It's gonna go over like a guy that pregnant pool of water in the middle of July.
Like right now.
They're crazy people.
Oh, the Madditors.
You want to see kids that really go out there and give their, go all in, play real hockey.
Yeah.
Sure.
Give me another big song to dance.
Or can other hype job.
Oh, Neil, do you want to be the spokesman for the Madditors?
No.
How about for Roar Hockey?
No.
What are you talking about?
Nobody here cares about any of this stuff.
They don't even know what the hell.
They're the language you're speaking.
It's like, that would be like, might have an hockey discussion with George.
In fact, George knows nothing about hockey and, and still, just by doing this show,
knows more about it than most of you do.
Just about, by osmosis.
Oh, yeah, we got to build more stadiums and more arenas.
You got a few thousand selfish people who have got no life or interested in some of this crap.
And, you know, so let's build them a $300 million stadium.
So poor John Henry, who's only worth a couple of billion dollars.
So we can keep this thing going, which nobody forced him to buy a goddamn losing team.
Making more money for billionaires.
I see, I don't understand.
If you guys want to do that, great.
And, like I told you before, if I had to buy my own Panther season tickets now,
the station wasn't paying for them, there would be no chance.
Four minutes from my house.
Four minutes from my house.
And if I had to pay for myself the crap that they'd given us the last three years,
I wouldn't dream of going there to see that.
Nice thing about this, when somebody else is buying the tickets, go there for a couple of periods.
And of the second period, we're down five one.
You hop in a car, you're home in five minutes.
Stop off in publics there.
Look for the bratwurst, which you still can't find.
We got bugs in here, by the way.
Little tiny bugs.
Did we ever get a, oh, I'm sorry.
An exterminator.
No.
I want to ask seriously, go on back to that thing that poor bastard that Henry wants to name up there in Philadelphia.
That I tore his invoice up.
Sorry about that, Henry, but it's going to make it a lot more fun.
The 75 bucks this cheap ass outfit owes him.
Did anybody ever hear of a business of this magnitude?
There are three radio stations in this building.
There's KISS, Power 96, and the QA, well, KISS is not.
But at least it's represented here.
And QAN.
And we don't have an exterminator.
I mean, just for the sales department alone, we need an exterminator.
I don't want to mention any of your close personal friends who look, huh?
Who looks like they still got the mothballs in their $50 suit, speeder.
I'll pay the effort.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Riteful Association.
Let's face.
Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi.
I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns.
They scare the s*** out of people with intimidate damage and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, hand guns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Drop a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
Call up the convenience store.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a hand gun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
The simple solution of life's complex problems.
All you have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Find the dancing of the street.
Just buy a lot of hand guns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and to be considered a population control.
Yes, hand guns.
They just might make it things.
What's up with these two at 5.30 WNQM?
Who is Alan?
Next to we know Alan.
Next to the guard?
No.
The supposed to bring us to the guard today.
Oh, he was supposed to bring us to the guard and trying to us.
Yes, Alan.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
I was doing real good, except I find out we're not getting any cigar.
Yes, I understand.
I mean, we're talking about your crappy dime store, Garsha Vegas, which is really embarrassing.
Well, we spoke to John, you know, his name is John.
John, he is, yeah.
Correct.
And we were supposed to show up there today.
We've been so, we've been so awash and back orders from the RTDA show, which we had last week in Las Vegas.
Yeah.
I mean, it was highly successful.
We were a bit busy here.
Great.
And I understand that we come way down the list.
I'm well aware of that.
No, not at all, Neil.
That's okay.
And when you're angry, all of a self-flower to get angry, we have people walking into our shop angry.
Yeah.
So we better get it there very quickly.
Okay.
We're going to bring you our new Pradoomo Reserve line tomorrow.
I can't wait.
Tomorrow morning.
I'll be in there personally to deliver it.
Excellent. Thanks, Neil.
No problem. Stay busy.
Okay.
Okay. There you go.
See, when we speak, at least the sponsors respond on this show.
Okay, that's something.
The right for you, Deadhead, I can't speak for, okay?
Because you got your head buried in the sand.
Yeah.
Fred Graham, let me say it again in case you missed the first part of the show.
Excellent column in the herald today.
Hey, we only in a powered section.
I don't know.
How about that whole Kennedy business, which I'm not going to mention again.
Okay. Don't want to talk about it.
I refuse to respond to it.
I've already, you're right.
Too much.
Too much of enough.
And of course, these people don't over there already.
You know what I think about this cram.
All the idle worshipers we got out there.
All these people I like Bill over there in Fort Myers.
Fort Bill, I appreciate your facts, Bill.
It killed some good time.
But Jesus, God, get a surge party, please.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm okay.
I thought he was a good sportscaster.
He wasn't a sportscaster.
Oh, well.
Okay. Then Mel Allen.
He's a top five.
Yeah, I like Mel Allen.
But why are people mentioning all these folks that were never did play by play?
A sportscaster's got to be a guy that's played by play.
Because I remember why World of Sports in Jim McKay was on it.
And I just sort of associated with it.
You know, never was a big sports fan back then when it was on.
And Saturday afternoon.
The day never had any real sports on there anyway.
Yeah.
That's true.
But it was a fun show to watch as far as learning about different.
Yeah, they had that skiing and tobogganing and things where people, you know,
the agony of getting your real feel and breaking your neck, stuff like that.
You got it.
Now, have you seen the video with Christina Aguilera?
Yes.
Have you mentioned it at all?
No.
Oh, because I was taken with that.
You were taken with that?
Well, more than with Britney Spears.
Christina Aguilera is better looking than Britney Spears.
I just said the video.
I mean, it was a little more provocative.
Well, Jennifer Lopez is more provocative than both of them put together.
It goes without saying.
Jennifer Lopez is strictly a masturbation video.
Oh, I have to agree with you there.
That's why that Puerto Rican kid on there has got his thing in his lap and he's taping it.
And his computer keyboard too.
You got it.
And one last thing, I know you don't want to talk about it anymore, but what happened was that
was an active stupidity and maybe arrogance.
But when you get like that into it, I miss more.
And I grieve over the loss of any person that dies, you know, whether you...
I don't grieve over.
I don't grieve over.
That's getting carried away when I don't know somebody.
I don't grieve over what they had.
No meaning in my life.
I'm not grieving over.
That's what it was.
I mean, it's bad that you died, okay?
Yeah.
But I miss Gene Ciscal more than I'll ever miss out.
Exactly.
Now, you know, there's...
I've been begging for this for two days and there's a good example of what I was looking for.
People that had died the last couple of years who really have made an impact.
People liked them.
They said something.
They were entertaining.
Whatever.
Gene Ciscal dies suddenly.
He was a young guy, okay?
I was tragedy.
And it was a tragedy.
I never had one call about Gene Ciscal dying.
Not one.
Well, I tried to call him.
I never could get through when that happened.
And like I said, why couldn't it have been ebored, you know?
I hate to say that, but why if one of them had to go?
And I like them both, you know, when they were together.
And now they show kind of lean because you get guests every week, you know?
Yeah.
It's found doing.
And I also miss...
I miss Stanley Kubrick.
The fact that he's gone.
Right. I mentioned that yesterday.
And somebody that I don't know if you recognize the name, J.K. Walsh.
And J.K. Snow.
Well, J.K. Walsh.
You see a few good men.
The Marine movie with Tom Cruise and Jack.
Yeah, sure.
He was the guy that in the end blew his brains out.
He was the assistant to Jack Nicholson.
He's been in a lot of movies.
And he had the last movie I think he made with Pleasantville.
And he was the negotiator.
And Jack Nicholson, when he accepted the Academy Awards for his cousin,
he gets even mentioned in him because he didn't work with him, you know, on occasion.
Right.
To me, that was a tragic.
Because the guy died in ammonia.
And, you know, there are a lot of people.
Jim Hanson died in ammonia.
Right.
That's tragic.
There's a nifty day and age.
People die from it.
And all the people you're talking about are people who were entertaining.
Who did something that enhanced our lives.
Even if it's only, you know, in terms of a diversion,
unless you were one of the 400,000 meters of George Magazine, which I doubt,
and nobody was entertained by this guy,
he didn't have any impact on our lives at all.
None.
I agree with you.
A thousand percent.
Okay, and have a great day.
Thank you.
God bless Gene Siskel.
That's a great example of what I was talking about before,
which the rest of you, one kid, definitely, aren't paying too much attention
to what's going on in the world around you.
Because there are lots and lots of really good, meaningful people
by and every day.
And the media doesn't make a four-day orgy, which, believe me,
you ain't seen nothing yet.
Wait till they find the rest of the wreckage and God forbid the body parts.
Wow.
It's kind of ironic, isn't it, that the Bobby Kennedy,
I mentioned this yesterday also, had his brother's casket put into the ocean.
You know what I'm saying?
He put the ocean in the casket in the ocean.
Well, it's a little backward.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Two things quickly, as far as the greatest sports catcher.
I think that kind of a suggestive question.
What do you buy that?
Well, I think, it's a matter of opinion.
It's very objective, sure.
Two people.
One living one dead, John Miller on ESPN Bay.
No number two.
No number two, Dizzy Dean.
Oh!
Oh!
Hey, calm down, calm down.
They must have been good.
They fired him in his prime.
so he had he could have been too bad i thought it entertaining he couldn't be
you know you you know what do you mean he couldn't have been too bad because he
said because he was a little bit he said he's slotted the third base
i'm to do baseball game the dean the greatest sportscaster of all time i didn't say
great if they said something that i like the best and then the the ironic part of
that is the only good one on there was buddy blattener who was his sidekick
and they he thought they were firing dizzy dean they fired his ass and brought in
another marginal uh semi-literate x-jock dwe Reese and a fire to good guy buddy
blattener who went on the k m wester duhock spasky ball and he was so popular
there did ticic great job he tried to retire the fans forced him to stay on another
year too it was great i'm doing the same so memory i'm i'm in my 40s so when i'm
watching dizzy dean he got to remember i probably 8 9 10 years ago i get that
Alzheimer's test right away i'm doing the best i can one other thing to get a call a
little while ago about that's about dish network i'm not the same guy to call
last week and got you to press about your hattachi tv sorry about that it's not as i
i did the setup well when i went home Friday it's uh it's pretty good but it's just not the same
as the xbr well next time gimme a call at work before you go and buy something i'll get you
the right advice but anyways about dish network and uh direct tv yeah uh once once you get into
programming the picture the sound quality is all the same the only difference from one single
provider to the other is the the amount they're going to charge for the programming packages
the way the menu is laid out from one satellite receiver to another so awesome this is gashm
have a great day pal thanks i don't think she's uh pretty at all to you from the chin
that trustee an agilera you haven't been watching your mtv no you know what you just missed it
nice i'm telling you she from the chin down she's fine but her face is like uh uh uh five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on them but that you had what a why no you know what a why what
is an old bag like me know important gives south florida a major blowjob
so
jes i'm a now completely old who float it into town and when i read all heros i just can't put it
down since all the cringos move the way they auto try to get the lmi and me have to change
its name is that do we have to hand the rod the anti-tank rod it takes my tongue
it's perfect for a town where there's no life to do this town
outside of what leads to the best like rubbing atyams and juke things or isn't it
and then rotate the through the ad regents and up story it's completely that it's the bad
that story you need to roll i read it when i get the gaze of black bean squirt and then i wipe my ass
on my way a barrel rushers the panther rod the anti-tank rod this thing's like a
Longs
Every moments he's in heaven
On a sunny day
wow compliments wow wow wow wow how
out
but georgia i just took a poll we decided that bill from four mires never
drove by gables high but anyway
one forty five at five cc that was the one thing about living in south
aid during those years of w snooze and also you know i lived right next to
my legs high once upon a time i live in highly for two years
but anyway you that is a name see what an mtd understand that most of america
wants to see if they would just have shows ninety percent of the time with
naked teenagers on their they have a ninety five share
we want to see all these other stupid shows they put on air and we can handle
the fact that they rarely if ever play any music videos except on t r l
which by the way let's see five ten about four hundred nights in row now you
know what's number one
here's a lot of hill hello
i want to know what i have to say
that's it
okay thank you twenty three minutes
twenty three minutes and eleven seconds and i had a monitor so long you
forgot what he had to say you know what probably
out just as well
here's my me be chill out
okay sir you know what's good to me off about this whole jf k thing there's
things that are much more important that are going on that the media
seems to be a lot of time that that's my point if there's anything else going
on in the world we don't know about it because this is the only news they got
i mean they have basically preempted everything else that's going on except
for the bulllike soccer team being there at the white house yesterday we saw
about five minutes of that but other than that there's nothing else going on
that that also we've got the first female shuttle commander was going to launch
last night CNN broke away from about five minutes in between all their jf k
crap
cover it but you know apparently that's not important enough you know to some
yeah now we get to do it we get to do it over again Thursday now so you can
feel better about that yeah true maybe they'll maybe they'll let it up by then
or maybe they'll have some bodies or something by then so they'll be more
more pain attack well they're down there scraping the ocean floor manners
scraping it with a meat cleaver right now trying to find something yeah they
won't stop this is just getting out of hand well you know can I call somebody a
douchebag yes sir Charlie angel you're a dicky-doug douchebag but an angel okay
have a great day five six seven oh five sixty how many angels does it take to
uh here's Tampa hello yes Neil yes sir uh yeah uh best sportscaster Albert
from Tuesday night fights Al Albert yeah I don't think I know Al I know Steve
Albert he uh is uh Marv Albert's brother right oh so Allison related I'm sure he's
related I think all three of my related then of course the son Kenny Albert who
time he looks like he came from Mars and sounds like he's got four pounds of
motion his mouth but I know Steve Albert's a lot better than Marv's very good
but the Steve I think is better than me I was the best but I haven't heard him
yeah well I mean two tonight fights isn't on USA but you wouldn't say he's the
greatest sportscaster of all time though would you uh not sure I mean I just
like boxing and I'm not a team sports fan how about Don dumpy he was a great boxing
announcer I haven't heard him before your time and coach and Coach Sel even if you
hated Coach Sel which I didn't hate him but but he was a great at boxing yeah I
remember him and I'll tell you another guy that was a great boxing announcer was
less kiter who's now in Hawaii doing sports he's about a hundred years old he was
maybe the all-time best less kiter did you ever see the movie when they were
kings I think is the title of it was about the form and Ali fight and I saw
the movie I was called when they were queens all right oh and that guy who
dropped Stern's name in your show I mean you run circles around Stern you don't
need a whole team of people I don't have to be clear to hold my hand in life
it's exactly your jokes are always rapid fire right on target always
timely you're the best but he's got all the money okay pal have a great day
thanks yeah you know it's a very subjective thing but I just when Hank said
yesterday is Hank here yet huh because so much of what he was saying yesterday
was like high-fiving the radio in the car because I was in agreement especially
the stuff about the beer commercials but then I don't know where he came up
with that maybe the greatest sports announcer of all-time Kurt Gowdy and I
thought to myself oh my god well of course and you know people that live down
here asking themselves for the greatest sports it's like when I had that book
that Halberstember wrote you know about New York sports casting and even with
all the New Yorkers we got down here didn't give that much response to that
it's a foreign language because most of the people especially the ones that
live the majority or all of their lives here the only thing that they can
hear on the radio is they didn't grupless into WABC in KM election
St. Louis and W. D. R. and Detroit you can't get those signals down here unless
the winds blowing in the right direction which is usually not and I'll tell you
one of the greatest sports casters ever who also died in early age how come
they didn't have a big song to dance when he got hit by a car with Jack
Quillen of the Cubs if you're gonna pick the top five baseball
announcers of all time Mel Allen Harry Carey and Jay Bob Prince is number one in
my book but Jack Quillen certainly in the top five and of course most people
down here would go who's that Jack who because they never want to hurt him but be
that as it may that's what happens when you live a sheltered existence and
that's one of the reasons this area is as constipated as it is because most
of the people see though I always ask myself what about the people of KM
here from someplace else north of here not south of here but north of here what
did they do all their lives what was their interest where did they go exactly
and it must have stayed home a lot I don't know because the things that you
would think that people from the Midwest and Northeast that they be really into
whether it's sports or anything you think that those people would be here and
guess what yeah they're not hockey what's that what is that that thing they play
with at biscuit put the biscuit in the basket
151 at 560 I think Hank's gonna be doing a thing today and the greatest hockey
broadcasts of all time
