You want to tell you something, you're all a bunch of sentiment bitches.
I just tell you what you said.
What are they-
Are they-
Are they-
Are they rid of this old kite on the phone?
You're gonna throw away that you've got to hide your-
Throw that fuck out of here!
Excuse you, I'm-
Excuse your language now, that's true.
Use your language!
Boys!
Oh, the mallet!
Uhhh!
On the seery!
Cause Wayne has a bigger, bigger-
But leave me when I tell you
Now that they've fought me, really tough.
Yes!
I feel sorry for Jim Leeland.
Every time this player's got a joke.
Won't you give me?
But leave me when I tell you
Now that they've fought me, really tough.
Wayne I think of him.
He is a major at home.
And you know everything good thing you said is a lie.
You've heard Wayne I think of him.
He went and cut the payroll.
In the chances of winning the sky, I'd now the mallet.
Oh, safety needs a brand new,
fall-water with the dog.
Oh, I'm so proud of you.
Believe me when I tell you
They'll have to find another hall.
10-03-560 WQM today.
For the baseball season, any interest?
No.
So I saw people in the hall this morning saying they were ripping a crap out of me.
We didn't know you weren't going to be here Friday.
We thought you'd have some fun with that.
We were ripping your ass.
And the audience all agreed.
How could they not have known I wasn't going to be here?
I don't know how to work on good Friday.
Did I mention that I wasn't going to be here all week?
I mentioned I wasn't going to be here Friday.
Neal's lost a sense of humor.
He didn't think our April Fool's prank was funny.
I talked to 6200 people after I left here on Thursday.
I asked 7800 people.
Was that funny?
No.
No.
I was pathetic.
If these guys had any credibility, they would have been damaging.
Some of them have to work this morning.
They must be continuing.
They have to be continuing the April Fool.
They were talking about a new baseball stadium this morning.
They were talking about a new baseball stadium.
They were talking about a new baseball stadium.
What they did was take professional athletes.
You know how they have auctions for horses and cattle?
You know what I think they did?
Put them up in their jog straps.
I put a number.
The lips and gum would be good.
Like two in the back.
I put a number on them.
And then the auction them off.
The next one is 5 million, 10 million, 20 million.
How much do I hear?
25 million.
Because they are mostly a bunch of hoars anyway.
I talk about waxing, emotional, and being all over the place.
Of course, D-Fo, he has one cheek on either side of the fence.
There is plenty of hangover these days.
Wow.
These people don't want to listen to me.
They do not want to listen.
You know what I mean?
Bad enough they had a very sunny last Monday.
How many dead sports people can we have in this market before they finally cut the crap?
This is the fattest, the most unbelievably obese place in the history of the human race.
Everybody that works here except us.
And of course, we're not part of the thank god, part of that thing anyway.
But the rest of them are just ballooning up to enormous proportions.
God.
The booster and the D-Fo.
Thank god, Hank's lost a couple of pounds.
Thank god for that.
Nice going, hopper.
Jesus.
So the Panthers are really coarse now.
They got a good excuse to get all those injuries.
You know, something that doesn't really make any difference.
The injuries, no injuries.
We're talking about a mediocre team with unacceptable management.
And you know something when they don't come down to one player anyway, what differences are making?
If that's what it's going to come down to, it tells you what we already knew that it was a mediocre team.
And by the way, Geldy, it isn't just, uh, having won a game in the last four or the Carolina or Akun.
They're like, uh, one win in their last ten games.
Uh, just begging, pleading, pleading, please pass this up.
We don't want to be embarrassed and humiliated in the playoffs.
Please take first place in the division.
Please Florida, win a couple of games here and there and we'll just roll over and play dead every day, Carolina loses every day waiting for something to happen with these Panthers.
It's happening.
All right.
Big time.
The New York Islanders, the Washington Crapital.
Oh my god.
And then of course you expect to lose the Ottawa because they're much better team and it wasn't really that close anyway because the goal at Dvorak scored the second period.
Nobody else will comment on this.
Of course, was only four feet off side.
So that we played twenty five hundred times.
They showed it way off side.
Maybe in hockey, what we need is 200 lines been in 72 referees.
Make sure we get a and when you get that many people clogging up the ice, the action will be slowed down enough.
They'll never miss a call.
Want to make sure to give you every call right.
So we got let's see, thanks for going to be on it to from the stadium from P.P. Park.
Any interest net to no.
I hear some of these assholes out there calling this morning.
Oh yeah, well, I'm going to take my 11 year old son out to the ball game.
And as long as there's baseball going on and I took a look at the look at his face.
Yeah, just just wait until you take a look at the express dot is face after each one of those still we need out there at the P.P. Park.
Some of the crappy child.
They'll have a look all right that says take me out to the restroom immediately.
Not sooner, which thank God, at least the P.P. Park we got some restrooms.
That's good.
In other words, it doesn't make any difference.
We got a bunch of five year old kids in rag tag home zone uniforms out there playing on the field.
We're going to go out there because we're sucked into the high bany idea, the notion.
Who put the notion in the basket that we're going to have a goddamn new baseball stadium here.
They're talking about it like it's a done deal.
Oh yeah, there's five different locations they're talking about in the paper and bap bap bap bap bap.
Yeah, and I don't care where it is. It's long as we have it. That's right, Gully.
Just keep on sucking, baby. Just keep sucking.
Man.
God almighty.
I think one of the derries is going to steal him from us just to hook his lips up to one of the cows utter.
I mean, unbelievable.
Replace all the milking machines in town.
Boy, we're going to have a new and the best part of it is some of these fools, including even my good post personal friend, the mad dog.
Yeah, well, I think it's totally gone mad and lost his senses.
You see, I hate to break the news to you how many times do we need to say it, but, but people don't want to go to date county.
Oh my god. How can you say that?
That's a terrible thing to say, even if it is true.
People don't want to go to date county and the majority of these sports fan base, such as it is down here, is inbroured and even in Palm Beach, not in date county.
That's not my opinion. That's a fact.
It's well researched. It's well known.
So now the new rumor they're starting is all this great new baseball stadium, which allow them to make all this more money out of your pockets by the way they're expecting and buy all these players at the auctions.
The deal is that they're going to build it right down there next to the American Airlines arena, which you'll notice is only a couple of blocks away from the old Miami arena, which we didn't want to go to because it was a bad neighborhood.
It was a slum, but even worse, the new arena over there by the water. There's no place to park.
So I hope they do build a new stadium right next to the American Airlines arena. I hope they build it. Will they come? No.
I mean, date counties only bankrupt city of Miami is beyond bankrupt, but somebody somewhere will find the money because we got to bring him back to date, bring him back alive.
And like I told you about a year ago, let's build a new stadium and a new arena. Let's do it alternate years. Okay. This year will build a new stadium. And then by next year the Macarena, that'll be worn out will build a new arena. Okay. Let's do it.
Let's get with the important stuff. Okay. Stadium center. We need his ball parks, etc. That's the important crap.
Come on. It's after 10 to 5 60 WQM, hang on to be on from 2 to 3 30. We got the baseball pregame 3 30. Any interest? No. Marlins in the mat. No. Any interest? No. Then we got the Panthers night. Panthers in the camps. Any interest? No.
That's all for Niel today. The Harlem left to play. I'm sure Niel doesn't find going close. No.
Now two or three sport goals. And here it is that blows. The rest of us with five turn off the radio. We're far from the base ball. It's boring and it's a far from the base ball.
And something you got there sitting. It's time for those who don't like to date. And getting tight from recocking the scene.
It's our base ball. Oh. No one gives a f***.
Or does the entertainment of our ones wants their payments contractual degrees and must be met?
Despite the trading this they have to pay the bills and hope they find that all the interest rates are dead. It's our base ball.
I'm to make a sandwich on baseball. I'd rather hear Jim and exciting as the sound of trying to paint.
Design for those with trouble. Any lane. It's our base ball. I split that whole spot. One spot open in the road.
You've got to run it and miss car. No one gives a f***.
And you've got it. A little trek. A little bit of a third base line. A very good one. Take it up.
Don't drop it. I have a chance. I dropped it. Christ.
So they got an extra special. Look at this in the hero this morning. Look at that. Marlins. Majorly baseball extra with a bunch of guys on here. Nobody ever heard of before.
And they stole a line from some of us from me and Bob Green and even the rim man. You start stealing the lines from rimmer except you taking the check. That's the only one you can steal. But other than that.
It's not a matter of if they'll win, but when the marlins will win again. Not a question of if but when they'll win again. Kind of like the Panthers. Some day they'll win another game, but when.
And then the Dan La Bastard got his big article. Oh, it's not forget the next 161 games saver today, which is really a way of saying the next 161 games are going to be really, really ugly because the other teams got all that money like the Yankees and the Braves etc.
The same old suspect is always so just go on through today and pretend you're all excited because it's opening day gets swept up in the hype of it. Okay. You might have swept up. No, couldn't give a crap less boring.
You know, and even if we're all the other stuff, it's still boring. I was a baseball fan for about 200 years and then all of a sudden one day after they expanded the 600 teams. I said, you know what? This is boring.
I mean really boring. You know, so they had they had the mark McGuire Sammy so something last year, which if they and nobody cares if the Yankees won 100 inside with all apologies to Joe Costello, who's running around here in his Yankee. And by the way, at least get the one with the pinstripes. Okay. Huh. I was going to say in his Yankee pinstripes. He's got the other uniform. The one it's the dull and gray and boring. At least get the pinstripe one joke. Okay.
Christ, you only said you look sexy in it, but at any rate. Now what he said, I heard him this morning. He said, oh, that uniform is pathetic.
But in the pinstripes, you know what the guilty always is about Joe. Okay, that's a good looking guy. I'll find it. Oh, God. It just boring. How did I wake up one day and realize how boring it is?
Not as boring as panthers hockey, but next to it. Well, we got that big game with Washington night, 2500 tickets remaining. Are we going to be there and I'll be there. I will be there. Am I going to be and how about those leaves? Huh.
Every day they win. They don't just win once in a while. I told you they have their little bit of a slump. They'd come out of it. I had my fingers and legs crossed and sure enough.
They're smoking, baby. They're scoring more goals in one day than the panthers score in a month. Every day, six to five, five to one, five to there's just smoking, cleaning up.
So anyway, get back last night and I want to, you know, I hate. I don't want to sound because I am. I'm in a great mood. I feel good. By the way, Dr. Mark, I'll see you next Monday. Did you call her yet? Yeah. I was going to go there today, but you know something. Feel better. I'm going to be my own doctor with the help of Dr. Mark. He's a great guy. Now I appreciate him.
I'm serious. Now I really appreciate Dr. Mark Laporta. This man is great. I'd rather have a doctor who does less, who airs on the side of caution as opposed to another pill doctor that kills you with pills.
I'm going to go on today about pills that kill and doctors that kill. I may never take a call here today. Okay. I may just lose it. I may go a shot.
I'm serious. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of quack doctors. Some of the doctors here, I have like truth and advertising when you walk when you open the door in their office, you ought to hear.
Yeah, cracking sounds when you walk in to least give you a little bit of a warning that they're about to butcher you up with their goddamn pills with those prescription drugs. All you detail assholes out there. You're killing us all with your pills.
Whether you're smoking about it to God, damn truth. And it's only by accident. I keep reading and reading. I'm even rereading the Atkins. New a die revolution book. I'm reading on the plane there last night.
And the story that she tries to hand me a, I didn't take the meal of course because who don't want to eat that crappy airline food in the first place? Who needs it? Why should he when you're hungry anyway?
So then she comes around. Well, how about could I interest you for dessert? We have a hot-fudge Sunday. Do you want it? No. No. Guy next to me, he gets one.
Didn't even look good. Do you want one? No. How about a food plate? No. And she looks at me like like disappointed and I'm reading this atkins and I hold the book up with the front cover. Look, honey. I said here. Here you go. And she just kind of like, hey.
Okay. Yeah, she was there. Holy yeah. Yeah. Holy yeah. This wasn't their Canada. This was American Airlines. Oh, you said you never fly them again. Well, so they got you by the balls. You're going to fly wherever whatever you're going to line.
So anyway, get back last night at Miami International. It's 10 30 at night. And by the way, my other sky isn't falling. God, I got so much stuff to talk about.
I have a spy report about my mother. I woke up this morning in a cold sweat and two words were in my mind, nursing home. They kept reverberating through my mind over and over again, nursing home.
Yeah. And then after that finally cleared out of my mind, I thought, you know, I picture those condos and carriage hills are going for some big bucks nowadays.
Those are the two things I've been thinking about all morning. I'm out of town for the weekend. Thank God Saturday afternoon. John's on the Internet. He's found this European music.
He's one of these websites on there with the music. He can actually listen to and all that and he's obsessed, you know, whatever.
So he's on there for about an hour, I guess. Well, guess who's trying to call the house? And of course, I'm not going to get a second line. I'm not going to do like the rimers and put in 25 different lines. I don't get that many calls. Okay.
One line is enough for this kid. So if you're using the, if you're on the internet and actually your phone line is tied up, anybody trying to call you gets a busy signal. Well, you know what, too bad.
There's not going to be any calls that important coming to my house. Well, guess who's trying to call while the internet is taken up my phone line? Ma. Yeah, ma.
Well, ma keeps getting a busy signal, bat, bat, bat, busy signal over and over and over again. Ma being psychotic and hallucinatory issue is goes into a panic calls the neighbor.
See, George is on the floor already. Call the neighbor to come over to the house and check and make sure that everybody's still alive.
Oh, my God. That's right. That's right. Panic. Ma. I'm only 56 years old. I can't walk into gum at the same time. Sometimes I even leave the house without my gulages and rubbers on. How do you like that? Yeah.
Call the neighbor to have him come over and check and make sure who's been naughty and nice and what's going on because she can't get through. It's a busy signal.
Bat, bat, bat. I think the next couple weeks, I'll just leave the phone off the hook. That makes a good busy signal down it.
True story. Like what could have happened? You're on the phone. You have a heart attack you die.
And that's why the phone's off the hook. She'd be the first one to know. If anything happens to me, she will be the first, the second and the third one to know.
Calls the neighbor in the middle of the afternoon on a Saturday in a state of panic, in a state of frenzy. Oh, I can't get through. I'm a drag for an hour. The sky is falling.
See, this is what happens when you have too much like most people in this time, most of our old folks in this time, too much time on your hands.
Just like when you're young, you know what they say about teenagers, too much spare time on their hands. They get into trouble.
Old people too much spare time on their hand. They get into trouble because they get bored. They have no life.
So I apologize to my neighbor for having the inconvenience and to come over and knock on the door and John to tell him there's nobody dead here yet.
Okay. Even the dogs are still alive. All of my little dog went out for a couple of bullphote toe adventures last night, one when I got home.
And believe me, when I got home, I was in no mood to be washing out some little dog's mouth.
The reason being that here I was back in Miami, my plane lands on time, 1030, I waltz through the airport, get into my car, and I have parked by the way way down, which I don't think I've ever parked down on level one before.
And don't ever park in the dolphin garage by the way at the Miami International Airport, the worst, not to the fliming goes so much better, but the dolphin, they must take the extra dumb people and make them all park in there.
So I figured, well, I'm on level one. This is great. I'll go right down to the exit, Salita and surprise you go down from level one. You can't get there from here. You have to go back up to get out.
So I have to do my little spin around you, turn there. I'm going back up and I'm like, where the hell do I go? I'm looking for signs. You people at Miami International are the biggest bunch of morons in the history of the human race. You're a dumber than sawdust.
That's our poll question. Who is dumber, the people who like created the parking situation in there and let it and marked it all up, or the people who actually park in there.
So I finally find exit, Salita, Salita, anything. Now I go to Salita and I make my turn there. And here I see, you know, there's 85 booths, but of course only one little green light at that time. And I there's only one on God forbid we should have too many people working for four bucks an hour.
There's two cars ahead of me. Okay, not bad. I figure not bad. I got my ticket in my hand. I got my cash. I know how much it's going to be. I'm all prepared. A season traveler. I'm all set to go ready to pay. Get out. Let me out of here. Let me out. No. I look into booths where these two cars are. There's nobody in there.
And I'm thinking, oh no. And I wait and wait. And finally the big, big dark, complex guy comes out and he's got like forms in his hand.
And I thought, oh no. So now he's inside and he's not even communicating with the sassal who's sitting over there to the right of the booth waiting to where you're supposed to pay.
He's writing and he's writing and he's writing and he's writing and he's writing even Shakespeare never wrote so much. He's writing and writing and writing and writing and writing. And now I look behind me and there's about to you know have a dozen cars. Now there's a line piling up poor back to his getting home late at night on a Sunday,
like to get home sometime before four in the morning. Get a couple hours. Shut up. Now here's the best part. The guy in front of me who's in there with his family. Young guy in his, say, mid late 20s.
He gets out of his car. Now see, I don't know whether to thank him or to curse him. He says to me. He says this guy's going to be a long time and mine's going to be a long time too.
So there's another booth to do go out and make a quick go you turn go out there to the other end. You better go over there because it's going to be a long time.
Thank God I had just enough space to back up and make a quick ui and go over the other thing and pay to get out.
Keep this in mind. The guy in front of him is going to be a long time and he's going to be a long time to.
He's an asshole to be continued in the moment. Is this incredible? Welcome to back to Miami. Neil.
Oh, I'll be high football.
Father in law, would you get off my butt if your daughter's so perfect, why she's hairy such a putt?
Father in law, you think you better than me, but I don't eat in cafeterias and I have cable TV.
Always wearing black shoes with roomie here to short.
You can play in a bad satiacus, you won't drive it in board. You must wear it in the movies.
You have any fun at the beach? Everyone except break, it should have been in the beach.
Father in law, you're like driving big cars and you hate eating music that has a good start.
Father in law, you feel me I am a creep, but I ain't clippin' coupons every day of the week.
I'm nothing like you, don't go to the dog track and don't drink hot coffee when I eat a big mess.
You're a daughter in my wife, I was not a striker, you're just going to have to get over it, she's hairy as a lawyer.
Oh, 1032 and 560 WPM, okay, don't let me forget to get back to my parking lot story in the airport.
But first I want to dedicate a very brief thing I want to read called the Joc closet.
I want to dedicate it to the morning show on this radio station, the worst team.
Well, I got a good sense of humor, I've obviously lost mine according to D-fo.
Boy, she's getting fat. He's getting enormous.
You know, some guys handle the, you think what a guy gets divorced, you know, he's going to start trimming down a little bit.
With Trim on his mind, you don't say?
Anyway, I want you to listen to this very carefully because it echo some of the things that I've said for a long time.
Very short, says consider this popular indeed legendary scene that has played out time and again at high schools, universities and community centers,
and is often featured on television and newspapers and magazines.
A group of men get together, what are usually the rather close quarters of a locker room and take their clothes off.
In various states of undress, they stand around talking to each other, preparing themselves for what is to follow.
Ritual garments are dawned, first of all the Joc strap.
The Joc strap is perhaps the quintessential homoerotic ritual robe because just as it enshrines the symbol of the myth of masculinity,
so too the straps that originate in the top elastic circumscribed the buttocks and disappear at the anus,
bringing us to that place where masculinity meets its mythic undoing.
Then a coalition of pads and suspenders work together to dramatize and accentuate the masculine form.
Then men pull themselves into tight pants that closely adhere to the shape of the buttocks,
and not forgetting the twofold nature of Apollo and the elaborate set of laces grained the cup and much-boughted male genitals.
The men then work themselves into a psychic frenzy of masculine unity and run out of the playing field ready to get the other team.
One man bends over, while the other behind him puts his hand between the inclined man's legs, grasps a ball that shaped like a large testicle and tries to throw it to another man.
Everybody wants the ball.
Men along the line of scrimmage press themselves against each other enthusiastically as a man on the field runs with the ball, many others run after him trying to grab him.
Unless the ball goes out of bounds, each play climaxes with men lying on top of each other, the testicle-shaped ball forming the nucleus of this masculine clutch.
The whistle blows in some variation of the same thing is played over and over.
When time is up, the boys go back into the locker room, take their clothes off, again, and shower together.
That's a great club you moron!
That's for the morning show.
Anyway, get back to these assholes.
First of all, you drive around this town as I do.
I take the turnpike coming to work in the morning. I take the turnpike going home at night.
Twice a day, five days a week.
How many times have all of us pulled up to the turnpike?
Let's say we get to the green sign.
You know where you get to change, where you feel the change.
And you get behind some asshole who obviously has no money.
He has no money.
Why are you driving on a tour road if you have no money?
He's an asshole, huh?
Am I the only one who gets behind people who have no money, who have to pay the 75 cents?
We're not talking about, like if you were driving on the turnpike from Orlando to a four-lotter deal,
to the sunrise exit, and have to pay whatever is, ten bucks, fifteen bucks, whatever the hell it is nowadays.
We're talking about 75 cents.
What kind of person out there doesn't have 75 cents.
Then of course even better than that are the ones that go to the blue signs.
The one that's a exact change in big, big letters, exact change, 75 cents, or 50 cents over here by the stadium.
And there's somebody sitting there with a five dollar bill.
That's the exact change booth.
Looking around, looking around like, oh, what do I do now?
Am I right?
Every day of our lives.
Every day of our lives.
He's an asshole.
But here we are, and I'm stopping.
Stop and think about this.
You're in the airport.
Your car is parked in the dolphin or the flamingo garage.
When you went in with your car to the garage, there's a little thing there with an arm up.
Okay?
And in order to get through, when you drive over the sensor, a little ticket comes out.
When you pull the ticket out of the arm, let's up in a year.
And right there on the little booth where the ticket comes out, it shows you the parking rates.
Ten bucks a day, long term, whatever the rates are.
Unless you're an absolute moron, you know how much it's going to cost you to get out.
Depending on how long you're going to park, it's not a freebie.
It's not a free pass.
Then you go in there and you park your car.
You go into the airport with your bags and your guns and your spas.
You get on your plane.
You go someplace.
Now, one of the things that I always do, because I do a lot of traveling, always do.
And I also have a lot of different kinds of currency, sometimes Canadian, sometimes Dutch, sometimes Italian, whatever kind of currency.
But I always make sure, let's say I'm going to go away for 10 days, times 10 dollars a day,
is 100 bucks easy arithmetic, even I can do that.
So I make sure I have 100 bucks US minimum that I have left over.
So I pay them parking, I can get home.
What kind of an asshole?
Seriously, what kind of an imbecile goes in there and parks for two days, five days, whatever.
There are only two possibilities that I can think of.
Two.
For people sitting at that booth, filling out paperwork saying, oh, this is going to be a long time.
Number one, you lost the ticket.
Huh?
Lost the parking ticket?
No, no.
You don't have to do paperwork if you lost the ticket.
What do you do?
You say, I lost my ticket and they just charge you whatever there's like a flat fee.
Like I said, there's only one possibility that you can be there at that booth.
And that is no dinero.
They even take credit cards.
They got the little symbols up there.
They take American Express, these are master cards.
What you got it?
Whatever you want.
What kind of a schmuck gets on an airplane?
What kind of an asshole can afford to take his family on a plane and go from Miami to even West Palm Beach?
Miami to Fort Lauderdale by plane.
That's how stupid they must be.
And not be able to have not have a credit card.
Not have the cash.
Thirty bucks.
Fifty bucks.
Twenty bucks.
And you know what I'm thinking now?
I'm thinking somebody's assholes do this on purpose.
It's like kind of right to space, you know, and I'll pay you some time down the road.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe it's like you said they never left town before.
But why did they come back?
Why did they come back?
Sure, the two of you who were in front of me last night.
Why did you come back?
You assholes you.
I mean, there are different kinds of stupidity.
But this has got to be one of the greatest kinds of stupidity.
You have to be dumber than sawdust.
And neither one of these cards were like the little old brown toyotas, the stereotypes.
These were like real honest to God cars.
And the guy in front of me was like this Julio that come up.
A young guy with a family well dressed.
Didn't look like he just came off a banana boat.
How stupid can you possibly be sir not to have the cash to pay to get your car out of the freaking lot.
And of course, maybe you don't care about the 20 people who are getting home 10 30 11 o'clock at night.
One in the morning, whatever the hell it is who maybe have to drive all the way to Palm Beach for all you know.
Maybe you don't give a flying crap.
About how far they have to how long they have to wait for your stupidity and insensitivity and rudeness and just plain dumbness.
That's the price this town pays for so many goddamn stupid people in one place.
I don't make it up.
I don't take any delight in it.
It's the truth.
If you don't believe me, get in your car, head out in any direction you want right now. Call me in an hour.
And I promise you you'll be cursing up a storm a blue streak.
An asshole in an airport and this happens every time every time either in my lane once in a while.
I'm lucky it's in the lane next to me and they're writing and writing and filling out paperwork and taking out license plates.
Because somebody is so stupid they don't understand you have to pay for it.
You know I'm talking about it.
If you want it, do that a part.
That was funny.
24, 5, 60, QM.
So here's your guy that's got the answer to all our parking problems. Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey Neil, I want to explain everything to you the problem you have with the parking down on my end.
Yes sir.
I work at the airport down there too and what's happening here is when people forget their lives, their ticket, they have to take down on the license plate number and every night they take down everyone's in plate that's in the whole garage.
So what they do is if someone goes out of town for more than 10 days or something like that they'll scam the airport by bringing someone else in.
Well now the way, William, they'll take down the license plate number of everybody who's in the garage.
There's two people that do the whole thing.
They got like the four dollar an hour help to go around with like the inventory.
Every night they take down everyone's life is like number.
And when you lose your ticket what they're able to do is run your plate number through there and it tells you exactly how many days you've been in a lot.
So George is wrong when he said there's a flat.
Right.
They're going on all different nations.
Okay and the other thing is what you can do is see if you're in there for 10 days you're going to be paying like 80 bucks, right?
I mean 100 bucks.
Yeah.
Okay. What you do is you'd have someone else come to the airport with you.
That person would say that they lost their ticket.
Okay now when they run their license plate number they're going to pay the $10 million for a piece.
The other person is going to take your ticket that you just took and they're going to pay $10.
So no one pays you so in essence what you've done is you've only paying 20 bucks for parking when you've been there for 10 days.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
No, not at all.
Okay so you've been out of town for 10 days.
Okay.
Yeah.
You're all 100 bucks.
You come in, you have your friend who I am that drive into the airport too.
Now they say that they've lost their ticket.
Their license plate's not in the system.
So when he goes up to say that he lost his ticket they want his plate.
He's only been there for 10 days for one day so they're going to charge into the next which is 10 days.
Where you, you all 100 bucks you go up there with his ticket.
Now you pay him 10 bucks.
You're actually not even paying 10.
The hourly fee, whatever that is.
Got me?
Yeah.
Now I got you.
I explain the whole scam.
You're right there.
What about that huh?
Is that a point where you're still talking about it?
Yeah.
But this wasn't a scam.
But I'm telling you that's exactly what's going on there.
Yeah.
And you're absolutely right.
I just want to share about these.
These were people who didn't have any money.
I don't explain it.
I don't even have an interest for that one either.
But you know what goes on?
I go out of town myself too.
And I always take money when I come back too.
And I don't understand why I know one else does the same thing.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
Thanks.
Yeah.
I'm nice to you too.
For whatever you, and the, you know, the two for one deal.
I'm a little slow, I guess.
I'm too pissed off about the idea that people, because I see it all the time.
I see it.
I'm like I said on the turnpike.
75 cents.
If you don't have 75 cents, why are you driving a car?
How can you be, I mean, I'm not saying we got it like enforced the big ones.
You laws anymore.
Should we?
Yes.
Let's round up these dead beats.
Okay, get them off our roads.
Round up the dead beats.
The vagrants.
Instead of worrying about the guy, Dan, you know, who's going five miles over the speed limit on
Hiatus Road.
Round up the dead beats.
The derelicts.
So they're little beat up old jalapies.
Those are the ones by the way on the turnpike always.
I'll give you an even better one.
I go, I go home one day last week on the turnpike.
I got my exact change my 50 cents.
Now here's the guy has just gone through.
But he stopped a little on the other side.
Okay, so evidently the guy behind them are complex.
The guy behind him and the next car, they're together.
The guy behind him though sits there looking at the basket.
Okay, he didn't even make a motion in the basket.
He just looking at it.
Because the arm went up for the other guy who was in front of him.
Because he puts the 50 cents in the basket.
Okay, the arm goes up.
You go through.
That's how it works rocket scientists.
Dummy.
He's sitting there.
And I'm of course behind it.
Do I know how to pick him or what?
Uh-huh.
I'm behind him.
So now I just whip out and I go into my, you know, the, the, the, the,
there's nobody in the change thing.
And I got the exact change and I give so be the 50 cents.
I go on my way.
And now the guy in the car in front of him, backs up, comes back, throws 50 cents in the basket.
And the arm opens up and his buddy goes through.
And I'm thinking no, no, please, please tell me this isn't happening.
Please tell me nobody can be that stupid.
Why was this man?
I mean, I, I was right behind him.
So it's not like he threw the money and it fell on the ground or he missed a basket or like only one quarter with it.
No, he just sat there looking at it.
Maybe he thought he had psychic vibrations.
And if he looked at it with a certain look, it would open a goddamn thing on the gate.
The only arm that went up in the air was mine with a, with a digit, you know, like stick it up in the middle.
Like what are you doing?
You crazy old bastard.
You why?
I mean, we're talking about the, it's like getting up in the morning and taking a, and you know, washing your face.
We're talking the basic simple rudimentary elements of life in the universe.
And we've got so many of these people, not not single and out one or two.
We've got a crap load of them who just can't do these things.
Who just can't find, they can't feel the change.
All of these things.
You know, I mean like a, like a sensible person, like I said, you put enough money aside before we go on your trip.
Even if you're going to go to Vegas and lose your ass, you keep a certain amount of money like you're not going to touch because you've got to get your car out.
You got to pay the park.
Or if you're on a turnpike, you know where the exit is.
So just before you get there, in fact, what I do in the morning is I take the change from wherever I got it.
I stick it in my shirt pocket.
So when I get there, if I have a dollar bill and I need change, I got the money.
I don't have to sit there like these especially women, women are famous for this.
They get to the turnpike told both or whatever told both it is.
And then they start fumbling around for change.
They start feeling the change.
They got there. They get the purse out there looking out here is a quarter.
Here's a penny. No pennies, please.
Wow, here's a, and then they have a whole handful of crap in there.
Maybe it's going to open or not is the case may be.
And way over in the, in the change booth, she's looking out there.
There's a still short.
Still short.
And at that point, I'll take the toilet paper. Thank you.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
It's perfect timing. I'm about to hit the toll booth that the, on the side, 75 going across.
Well, I just sit there.
And I did, I did bring the right change, by the way.
There you go.
Well, one time I have to say I did have to ride a check for 75 cents.
I admit it.
They take a check?
Yep. Why is that?
So the D-O-T.
Well, I didn't have any money. I looked down and I didn't have change.
I thought I had changed. I had no money in my wallet.
You had no money in your wallet. No one was this last week.
No, this is a year ago.
He got on the Yonge and four.
Yeah.
Listen, Neil, you still there?
I'm here.
Oh, Neil.
Hey, listen, why don't you get afforded the caucus?
We're paying for it.
So I'm not worried about that.
Another thing about the, the, the closet, the jobs or whatever you're saying before.
Yeah.
I wanted to add, just ask something.
And maybe somebody else has got, has had to have witnessed this.
Every gym of ever, ever belong to or gone to where there's like a locker room.
Why is there always old guy?
Those 70-stalled and he, he's just walking around naked.
Like he goes to the scale.
He goes to the water fountain.
Yeah.
He goes to the sink. He combs his hair.
It's like, it's like he enjoys it.
And it's like his wife or if he has a wife.
I'm going to do it at home.
So, yeah.
Well, it's just, it's really, you know, I can, I can understand like even the coach on a hot day on a football game.
You know, he's going to get sweated up.
Maybe he wants to go in there and take a shower with the guys.
But how come the guy who's like a traveling secretary who's sitting in an air conditioning office.
How come he's in there taking a shower and making these guys?
That's what I'm saying.
And it's like, I think you just answered the question.
It's just, it's just in the past, everywhere.
I'm busy and June.
Okay.
Okay.
Pay your phone.
Look at this poor guy.
I feel sorry for this guy.
His phone cracked out.
He doesn't have 75 cents in his pocket.
Hey, we're not all big shots like you.
We don't have 75 cents.
Let me say this.
If you don't have 75 cents or 50 cents, get off the road now.
Park it.
Take the keys.
Call the police.
Tell them where to pick it up and go home.
That call a cab and then just hit the cab driver.
Well, I mean, that's probably a thing that goes on too.
I have no idea because I've never seen that.
It wouldn't surprise me in this town.
People call a cab.
They go like, you know, from Fort Waterdale to Miami International Airport.
They get to the airport.
Okay.
That'll be 54 dollars.
Oh, geez.
Sorry.
They pull a rumor.
You know, I left my wallet at home or something like that.
They open up the wallet and nothing but mob flyouts.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Oakland Park.
Going once.
Here's the Coral Springs.
Hello.
These airport morons should be arrested.
They're just horrible.
The app is all the time.
But I have a cure feel on the turnpike.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The sun pay us bucks.
Where do you get that?
You call one eight eight eight.
Total TOLL, FLA.
And you set up an account with them.
I'll mail you the transponder.
You put it on your windshield.
I travel between Boca and the Glade and the Cabaret.
Yeah, they don't have that over here by PP Stadium yet.
I don't think.
Oh, I think they do.
Do they?
Yeah, you get the same lane.
You just go right through.
I'll have to look when I go home to them.
I don't think so.
And they'll have it on the saw grass by the saw.
I know they have it on the turnpike itself.
Like I'll buy commercial.
I have it up there.
Oh, it's great.
Yeah.
Just drive right through.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
One triple eight TOLL.
I'm going to do it.
I'm sick and terribly waiting for geeks waiting for assholes that are
from over the chains.
Don't have the change.
I'm trying to stick pennies into God damn thing pennies from heaven.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
A few years back, my wife and I were in the Bahamas.
Someone sort of stole our wallet.
We had some friends.
Well, I'm not friends, but acquaintances gave us enough money to get out of there.
We get to the airport.
It was the same thing.
They took our license number this about seven or eight years ago.
And we sent the money in.
Ever since that, we learned a valuable lesson.
What I do when I go into the airport now is I take the ticket.
And how many days I know I will be there plus thumb.
And I put the money in the ass tray with my tickets so no matter what I do,
wherever I'm traveling, when I come back, the money is in the ass tray for me to get out of the airport.
And that's it.
You leave the money in the car in the ass tray?
In the ass tray locked up, yes, sir.
If it's twenty bucks, forty bucks, whatever it is, with the ticket.
So when I come back in to the airport and we're ready to leave the matter,
what I've done, if I walk my wallet, anything, the money is there for me to get out of the airport.
Okay, now what kind of party you drive and what's the tag number?
It is an 1991 perfect.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh.
1056 and 560, WQA.
Oh, God.
It's a longer I live.
It starts when I was stubborn, stupid.
Good point.
Salah, Vista, baby.
For trading outside with me.
WQA.
I am for water day.
Tonight on the E true Hollywood star, it's the life of the most popular kids entertainer in the history of television.
Tinky Laky.
Born Morton Tiberius Winkowski on the lower east side of Sheffield England,
this lovable purple triangular shaped antenna wearing doll never thought he'd become the alternative lifestyle cult icon he now is.
But things weren't always as rosy as they seem to the man they now call Tinky Winkie.
The early days I was so poor that I joined the crack.
So to supplement my meager income, I started pimping.
But Tinky Winkie would soon become even more desperate for money.
So desperate he had to speak to what he now admits was an all-time low, a spoken word beetles record.
Picture yourself on a boat on a river with tangerine trees and mama like sky.
Although his public life would bring him fame and fortune, it would be Tinky Winkie's private life that would trust him permanently into the spotlight.
Things really came in the focus for me.
After an all-nighter at Studio 54, when Halston invited me back to his law, with Freddie Mercury and Elton Chan.
Tinky Winkie, the whole truth tonight, on the E true Hollywood story.
What if I were that laser thing working in a macaroon?
Alright.
If Hal is listening out there by the pool, our tubby foolish friend, where the hell is mine already, Fanto?
By the way, the audience loved those real-distorted spots we got on the ones that are out of phase.
I don't want to get started again because we went through this for what?
The last 14-15 months it's getting a little old.
The real-distorted ones are, oh, I'm going through it.
Because we don't really care.
We just don't care.
We're concerned about fall games.
We're concerned about the stuff I was reading about before.
You know, taking a lot of showers and making it together, that's what we're concerned about.
Not about getting the spots on so they can understand it.
So anyway, that having been said, which, you know, we can talk about that, but I got something that's much, much, much, much, much more important that I'm going to spend a little bit of time on today.
And I'm not just saying this to suck up because I'm not going to suck up to any doctors, but Dr. Mark is a good guy.
In fact, he's probably because he under-does.
I'm probably alive only because I've mostly gone to him because he doesn't over-medicate.
And I want to make it very clear.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm not an expert.
I'm not a nutritionist, but I do a lot of reading.
And in fact, the only reason I'm still alive, I think, is because I do a lot of reading.
And the stuff that I read this week, and first of all, I'm rereading Dr. Atkins' new diet revolution.
And one of the things that I read in there about what makes you metabolically resistant to his diet and believe me, I've been doing his diet so faithfully now.
And the weight loss is so excruciatingly slow.
I mean, my blood sugar is great.
I feel better now.
My blood pressure is good.
But the weight loss is so slow.
It's like at a snail's pace.
One of the reasons why, perhaps, one of the drugs that makes you metabolically resistant is diuretics.
One of many categories, by the way, along with psychotropic drugs like phenophysines and antipressin,
pro-Zach, tranquilizes lithium, anti-arthritic medications, hormones like estrogen, prednisone, can cause weight gain, many cardiovascular medications.
But then there are the diuretics, like hydrochlorothiocyanide.
You know, last week we had this controversy on this station, including some crap in the newspaper.
And I'm going to say it again, when you're happy with the doctor, he's done something good for you.
When you're unhappy with the doctor, it's probably because he's done something that hasn't been good, and you're getting real, real bad problems from it.
And when a doctor prescribes me, hydrochlorothiocyanide, which interferes being me a diabetic and pushes my blood sugar way up,
and which also I'm reading now, causes your cholesterol to go up, and your bad cholesterol to go up,
and also interferes with your weight loss, and about a million other damn things, and interferes with your diabetes medication.
I have to scratch my head and wonder to myself, what the hell was this man thinking? Is what I have to wonder to myself?
And I'm going to tell you toward the end of last week, which is why I was going to go see Dr. Mark today,
is because I've had these increasing abdominal pains, like I'm dying over here, like what is this?
And I'm starting to read up, I figure I'll read up on the side effects of all these damn prescription drugs that I'm taking.
And let me say it again, don't go off any prescription drugs because I'm talking about this on here. Talk to your doctor, okay?
But believe me, this needs to be talked about.
Oh, when you knew your cholesterol was high, somebody put me in a Washington, Dr. Mark, that put me on a pre-apocalyptic call either, by the way,
however long ago it was, too long.
And I'm starting to read about pre-apocalyptic, which is like another one of those great cholesterol-lowering drugs alleged.
And the stuff that I'm reading, I got a book called The Heart Revolution by Dr. Kilmer McCulley, which I bought this weekend.
And he writes about the amino acid homocysteine, which causes arteriosclerosis and damages the cells and tissues in the arteries if you have too much homocysteine in your system.
And believe me, this homo probably has too much homocysteine in my system.
And he goes on to talk about cholesterol-lowering drugs, the statins, like preva statin and the low statin and preva cork, which of course preva cork is one of those.
And about the liver damage that it does, and causing cancer and lab animals and abnormal liver function and liver toxicity and gastrointestinal side effects and on and on.
So I stopped taking preva cork four days ago.
And guess what? Do I have any more abdominal pain?
No.
And guess another thing that he writes here in the same chapter about drugs that do bad things to you?
Some diuretic drugs, diocides, down from it, are like hydrochlorothides, prescribed lower blood pressure, cause homocysteine to rise.
And causing arteriochlorosis and damaging the cells and tissues of your arteries and making you feel like crap and saying I'm dying over here.
I'm telling you right now the doctors of this country, the over prescribed, the pill doctors are killing us.
Killing us.
And I'm not saying go off all your medication, you have to be crazy to do that.
I would be irresponsible for me to say that, but find a doctor that isn't in doesn't believe in all these goddamn pills.
The pill doctors of this country and believe me, I'm just I'm furious.
I'm foaming at the mouth from pill doctors who prescribed drugs that interfere with each other that have just unbelievable side effects.
And you know, go home. Good luck.
And like Dr. Racken says, if you read that book and a lot of you have, you have to work to start controlling your own blood pressure and your own blood sugar, which the heck can die of this and getting off of these damn drugs as quickly and safely as you possibly can.
Because they will kill you.
Some people, they got drugs that they have to stay on the rest of their life. So I'm not going to interfere with that.
But the fact is for a lot of us, especially fat people type two diabetics, bad bad bad side effects.
Pravicle.
Well, I would take I've got enough of that stuff at home. I could start my own laboratory. I'm never going to my own drugstore take another one.
No hydrochlorothiocytes. Am I going to take it? No. No. Never again. Never.
So thank you, doctor. You know who you are over there at the other place. Thank you so much.
And the next time anybody over there gets bent out of shape because things are said out of here. You know what I say? Tough crap. That's what I say. That's my response.
Tough crap. It is absolutely the high-dere responsibility to put somebody on prescription drugs, especially high dosageism. It ain't just kind of like walk away.
Well, you know, he's going to die anyway. He's fat. He's going to croak anyway. What are they thinking? What are they thinking besides, you know,
long 50 dollars. Right. What's the address and where do we send the bill? Highest markup of any product in existence on freaking. And by the way,
practical, if I could tell you how much it costs for a hundred tablets of that. I think it's like I think it's more than a buck a pill.
It's unbelievably expensive so that you can damage your liver and get all bloated up and feel as intestinal of the stress and all these other things that happen.
And by the way, also in this book that I was talking about the heart revolution. Dr. McCulley says, and I quote, if I can find the damn thing,
I recommend that these potent drugs talking about the statin drugs for cholesterol be used only if you have very high cholesterol levels over 300 and reduced life expectancy because of heart disease.
He says experts have recommended that the statin drugs be used only in people with a short life expectancy five to 10 years.
However, the proponents of statin drug therapy and certain pharmaceutical companies have suggested prescribing these toxic drugs to obese children are at risk of developing heart disease and adulthood.
So that they can keep peddling more and more pills and a stock of all these companies can go up.
So that's the question you have to ask. Are you willing to sacrifice your life to your doctor in the drug companies or do you want to live like a little bit longer?
How do you like that? Only to people who have cholesterol over 300 which I've never had in my life or have only five to 10 years to live.
Which if I keep taking these goddamn drugs prescribed by these pill doctors, guess what? I'll be lucky to make it that long.
This portion of our show is brought to you by Boo Blue. A little video on each city and we're talking of 40 double D and they all knew Palm Ball because love and loneliness go hand in hand.
Remember Palm Ball now back to our show.
Here are lettuce. I don't know if you remember me but I was the guy whose house you set on fire last year.
Alright, God I miss you even though you blew up my car. Cut all my hair off. I miss you girl.
Yes.
But one quick question. Do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this kid?
No.
I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I loved you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother we've let it go I'm not dead yet.
Dear Atlantis, I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He might have looked and talked just like me.
I was so lucky to be in that place. I loved you too much to look at anyone else. Dear Atlantis, I had a dentist appointment that day.
I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I
I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I was so lucky and I
was so lucky and I was so lucky and every day I am so lucky and every day I am Java lessons like I learned about that. Never know ever keep it in check. If I know, Iit all Satan's snack.
I Rosie lessons that don't work for me I Rosie lessons that don't work for me I Rosie lessons that don't work for me I Rosie lessons that work for me I Rosie lessons that work for me it only feed my mom so I always give her kids
And I love the idea that I came And I love the idea that I came and I love my dad when he was in the moon.
Yeah.
And I just want to do it right now.
And I want to do it right now.
If it's working for you fine, but like I said, I don't think it's something you want to
take the rest of your life.
No, no, no.
I mean, I don't know if I have to count, but I feel nothing other than I don't feel any
side effects whatsoever.
Not the ones that you can feel, maybe from that heart to heart.
No, not yet.
Okay, good luck pal.
I'm getting the phone.
567-0560-050560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, during the day in 1999 there, a couple of months ago, my wife bought 5 tickets.
The best five available.
And that was the first.
That was section 234.
Well, my friend bought some a couple of weeks later.
It was the best he'd available then.
And the second was section 243, which is right by first base.
I just don't see how that's really a, that doesn't seem fair that when you support the team,
you go to that fan scam.
Yeah.
And then weeks later, I bought five tickets, my friend bought 19 tickets.
19 tickets.
Yeah, you have that all you need about a fool in this money.
I guess that's, I guess I'm the fool.
Evidently.
Because I got in section 234.
That's the right field quarter.
Mm-hmm.
And then.
I'll take the money.
Take the money.
There's a lot of money you saved on the tickets.
You can buy some good binoculars.
Good luck, sir.
And I'm not, I don't care.
You know, I don't want to sound indifferent, but I am.
I'm not interested in the Marlins in the baseball games and people that feel compelled to go there.
And for whatever reason, okay.
Get a life.
Get a life.
Spend the money on something worthwhile.
One call left on the board.
And then I guess that's going to be it.
There's so whipped up to a friend's eve.
And I guess that's what I just got through talking about.
Like maybe saving her life.
No, no, no, they don't care about that stuff.
It's boring.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Real quick, what I do when I go through the toll is I get stuck without a, without change.
And I get a without, a dollar bill or something.
I go through the change booth and then I just tell the lady, look, give me $4 in quarters.
So then I have my cars back with the quarters.
And then I don't have to go through the, you know, the change.
And then I have $4 in quarters.
What do you think they're running their first national bank over there at the same booth?
I give her $5.
I give her $5 and I said, can I have the rest in quarters and she says, fine.
And then I have my car back.
Sure.
And then I have.
She must be the same one that gives me like five nickels when I go through because she gave you all the quarters.
And then I got, then I got a bunch of quarters.
And then the next time I can go through, you know, the lane with no people.
Living real quick, the last yesterday was the daylight saving time.
And I'm, I was all out of whack and I couldn't fall asleep.
I couldn't find any more control of my TV to like put something on the seat.
I fall asleep in my radio.
I hit my radio on.
I turned my radio on.
It was on 560.
Yeah.
And it was a semi-hockey show with Jeff Bremmer.
Oh, Bremmer and Jamie.
I was just, I'm a big.
I want to sleep.
There you go.
I'm going to sleep every time.
Okay.
I'll pass it along.
Thank you.
Well, how come these phones all sound so bad today, huh?
Maybe it's because of the change in time.
560, 7.0560.
Count 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Down to one call again on the board here today.
Why don't you do the rest of the show?
You had a lot of calls Friday.
I don't feel well.
I don't care.
I don't either.
I felt great until I started doing the show today.
And I look at this again.
You do the show.
I'll just sit here and read my book.
I read the acting.
Dinner, dinner, dinner.
Dinner.
I'm serious.
I'm trying to say people's lives out here.
I'm trying to do a big expose on stuff that they just don't care about.
Because their brain washed, as always, by the God damn them,
that people with a white coat's on.
Those people want to be taken away by people with white coats.
Most of them, they'll be putting straight jackets.
Every time I hear about that,
to make my dominant bio.
High suicide rate among doctors,
now I'm beginning to understand the reason why.
I mean, how do you look at yourself in the mirror?
When, you know, you're over-medicating,
and you're, like, in partnership with all these guys
that in pharmaceutical companies,
peddling all these prescription drugs
with these unbelievable side effects?
And if you don't believe me, I'm begging you.
All you people out there who take prescription drugs,
whose doctors have got you hooked on this stuff,
go to the books tab or go to bars and nobles,
go to borders,
go to your booksab million,
go to your neighborhood bookstore.
And you don't have to buy the big, there's all different kinds of little paperback books,
big paperback books, and the side effects of prescription drugs, the pill book, all these
different ones.
And just start reading about the side effects and maybe you're lucky, maybe you've never
had any of them, you're not going to have any of them.
But for people like me that have had all these things going on, you start saying you're
saying, ah, huh, I wonder if it could be from this and from that, to come to find out,
of course it can.
Oh yeah, but the doctor said, great.
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
I remember most people consider the doctor as a god.
That's right.
It's a intimidated guy.
Where's the uniform?
Where's the white coat and he pretends he knows something.
Well, you know, they wait there and how on a half in the waiting room?
It comes in for 10 minutes and they pay whatever the alley wants on the pay.
Right.
It kisses that.
I'll solve all of them.
I'm going to, let me say it again.
Doctors who are busy writing lots and lots of prescriptions into our pill pushers, those
doctors ought to be put away.
Absolutely.
Also on the toes, my wife's one of these people.
She's a professional girl.
It makes about a hundred grand a year for the $50,000 Acura.
She pulls up.
She's looking for the money.
She's got her bottle of water.
A lipstick.
Unbelievable.
You know what?
It is a different personality.
She doesn't give a crap.
That's what it is.
She doesn't give a crap.
She doesn't give a crap.
What you're saying is she's an inconsiderate bitch.
Absolutely.
It's my wife.
I love her.
But Lisa, if you're listening, you're an apple.
You're an inconsiderate bitch.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
There's an out of sky.
He loves her.
But she's an inconsiderate bitch and she's also an asshole.
Lisa, is that how do you like that?
Huh?
Nice.
Yeah, they start from them to their purse.
They're looking.
Oh, I got a few pennies.
I got a few.
A Bobby pins.
Here's whatever they got in there.
A bunch of crap.
Nice.
I'd like to get home sometime before midnight, sweetheart.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile or West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
OK, sir.
Hey, you seem to be a little upset about all the doctors
down there.
A little bit upset?
Yeah, just a little.
Yeah, it's only our lives that they're playing with.
I mean, why get upset about that?
Well, I'm going to take the other side of the fence here.
I'm not going to say that all doctors do the right thing.
But a lot of these drugs that come out are the money that
goes into the research.
And yeah, they're going to have some side effects.
But that should be explained to you by the doctor.
And when's the last time the doctor ever
explained to you side effects of the drug?
Or let me ask you this.
When's the last time since you give you a prescription,
you go to the pharmacy and they give you a little bottle.
You don't even get the package insert.
OK, that comes with the real package
that they have in the pharmacy.
You don't even get that.
Yeah, you should.
I mean, tell everyone ask for a package insert
because that explains everything.
And then when the pharmacy gives you the thing on the bag,
if you don't show it out with the bag,
there's a thing on there.
And in a little tiny print.
And maybe if you're lucky, you might remember to read that.
But most people don't.
Yeah, it tells you exactly what's wrong and what's not wrong.
But I mean, you really, it's not as bad as it seems.
And it does cost a lot of the drugs.
It's true.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
It's a lot worse than it seems.
They're killing people with prescription drugs every day.
And when you say it's not as bad as it seems,
it's a million times worse than it seems.
I have to disagree.
I mean, I think you can disagree all day.
There's a massive body of evidence.
I didn't just come on here today and decided
to pick a fight with doctors or prescription drugs.
I mean, there's a massive body of evidence to prove it.
Well, I know there's a problem because I'd say
about 20% of the doctors are doing the right thing.
No, no, no, no.
Wouldn't you get that number from?
Personal experience.
I'm actually a pharmaceutical rep.
Yeah.
And I post on your brand no more.
Here's a guy that's totally unbiased.
He's peddling this crap.
He's a pharmaceutical rep.
Let me tell you, sir, any doctor that would prescribe
hydrochlorothiocytes to somebody who's diabetic
and takes oral diabetic medication
and is also trying to lose weight.
That doctor has no conscience as far as I'm concerned.
You're absolutely right.
That is wrong.
I'm going to be honest.
26, sir.
And by the way, let me say it again.
It wasn't Dr. Mark and thank God for Dr. Doolittle
who'd rather do a little than give you a whole bunch
of drugs and kill you with him.
Thank God for you, Dr. Mark.
God.
So this guy wasn't, he didn't have any asked to ride.
He's only a pill peddler.
He's only a part of the conspiracy.
Oh, it's overblown.
Yeah, blow this.
We've got with the first piece, Joe Rowe.
Jeff DeParton.
We keep getting this.
We can't have isolated spots on the radio.
I'm sick of you.
You say that.
I was ready to take it.
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just,
just tell me what your problem is.
Are you sick of people laughing at you
as you're trying to drag your hefty frame
up a flight of stairs?
Are you embarrassed as people snicker
when you get stuck in the doorway?
Are you angered when people cackle
as they see you on the movie theater,
sitting on the armrest, putting up your crack
to cut the crap back to sitting at the seat?
I'll take it from here.
Basically, are you sick of people laughing at you?
If so, then don't join a gym.
Really?
If you're about 50 pounds overweight
and a sick of being giggled at all day long,
then you should sign up for the craze
that's sweeping the nation.
Kung Fato, the newest martial art designed
for you to use your blubber against smaller people.
Once you master Kung Fato,
people will be afraid to laugh at you.
And when they're afraid to laugh,
soon they will learn to fear you.
And once they fear you,
you and your other fat friends will take over the world
and rule as kings.
Or maybe not.
But it's worth a shot.
Learn Kung Fato today,
and at least learn how to punch skinny punks
like this guy.
Ah!
Right in the face.
OK, it's 1131 and 560 WQM.
As I'm sitting here in between the breaks
and between all those distorted commercials you're hearing.
And I'm reading more and more about
from both of these books that I'm reading right now.
And it makes your blood boil.
And this guy that just called a minute ago,
oh yeah, well, he's very, very objective.
He's only a pill peddler.
He's the guy that goes in there and says,
hey, Doc, if you're selling off of this craft,
we got trips to Hawaii.
We got all kinds of merchandise, whatever you want, OK?
Just keep writing the prescriptions.
Here's a mobile and four-loader, Dale.
Hello?
Daniel, how are you?
OK, sir.
I'm not even 40 years old yet.
My cholesterol for the last year and a half
has been over 300.
And I've been on Paxle.
I'm sorry, Provocal.
Right.
And he, my doctor, turned around and told me,
well, that doesn't seem to be working now.
This was just last week and now it's
supposed to take up something called Lipitor or Lipitrol.
Every year of that?
Yeah.
Is that just as bad?
No, I mean, what do I know?
I always did just as bad.
I said before, I'm not a doctor.
I'm not an expert.
I'm not sitting here sitting myself.
I'm going to give you the side effects of every drug.
You got to go out there and buy one of those little PDRs
and find out.
I don't know.
Well, on top of that, he told me that I'm also now
borderline diabetic.
And he also gave me something called Paxle,
because he said that that's something that's
supposed to be like an antidepressant,
because I was getting over Ram Bongshus.
And my temper was getting bad and everything else.
Yeah.
I think he's turning me into a friggin' scissor.
It sounds to me like he's turning you into a drug cauldron.
Have you died or are you overweight?
No, I'm not.
You're not overweight.
No.
5.8, now about 178.
And you're not overweight?
5.8, and 178.
Well, I'm pretty weight about 140 pounds.
Well, I'm pretty big on top.
I play a lot of baseball.
You can weigh a max 150 pounds if you're 5.8.
Really?
Yes.
I mean, 5.8?
I'm 5.9, and I'm supposed to weigh 150 pounds.
Wow.
I mean, I don't have a belly or anything like that.
I'm big bone.
Yeah.
I play a lot of racquetball, a lot of baseball.
You have a big bone?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I used to be a wrestler, too, so I think I had to go to my problem.
Well, I would find another doctor.
It's just my own opinion.
OK, I'm not going to give you any ideas about drugs
so I don't know from them.
But I would find another doctor.
OK.
Because if you're just going to keep taking more and more drugs,
and of course, people that take a whole bunch of drugs,
there are interactions between the drugs
which some of your doctors don't bother telling you about.
And you have more problems.
All right.
That's what it seems like.
He doesn't tell me to do anything all.
Like, when they're like, they say, wait there for now
and a half, and you've got 10 minutes to go by.
You need to give him if you don't have to lose weight,
sometimes changing your diet can help the cholesterol problem.
Yeah.
The fight of doctor is not a pill doctor.
OK.
OK.
Thank you.
Good luck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Why is it that every time we ask people, are you overweight?
And then they give us a height and a weight that's just totally,
I mean, doesn't make any sense to me.
And I guess unless you're like fat boy or like the booster,
you don't think you're overweight.
Maybe that's why so many people come up to,
oh, you're not fat.
You're always talking, I'm not fat.
I'm a cow.
I'm still 40 pounds overweight, 45 pounds of it.
And based on the way the scale is going,
I want to shoot somebody.
And I'm reading all of these books and guess what,
and here's why you can't lose any weight.
You could do the ECHN's perfect every day for the rest of your life.
And you're still going to be a fat cow
because these doctors have you on all these damn drugs
that are screwing up your metabolism.
Thank you, doctors.
And by the way, let me say this to you.
OK.
I know some people, I don't want to mention no names,
rumor, but some people are very impressed, OK?
Because as well, certain institutions,
they're the doctors, the athletes,
and they're the doctors to this team.
And I was something blown out your ass with that stuff, OK?
I'm not impressed.
And as I look at the general physical care of certain teams
in this town, not to mention anyone in particular,
I have to continue wondering about all that.
What that would mean.
The only way I can judge a doctor is if I go to them,
and in fact, even more than once, like three or four times
as I've done, and if that particular doctor is
prescribed me all kinds of pills, and I'm starting
to have interaction in all kinds of problems,
it's one thing to solve a problem,
it's another thing to make problems that they're more
than before.
When you got your blood sugar under pretty good control,
and the doctor puts you on a drug that he knows is going
to make your blood sugar go up, it says,
oh, your body will adjust to it,
and your body doesn't adjust to it,
because he's giving you too high of a dosage,
you've got it back to that's a problem doctor for you.
So maybe you're impressed, Rimmer.
Maybe some of the other people are impressed
with all these big, hot, sweet, hot, and sweet institutions.
Let them take care of Pavel Buray's knee,
and let me worry about Maya Health.
Here's a mobile and four-lotter nail, hello.
Hello, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
In regards to the book on drugs, my wife and I used
this prescription drug digest book,
and it gives you all the side effects,
those diseases, and it also even goes down
to as far as shows the shape of the pill,
the color of the pill, and everything,
because sometimes drug is filled with these things
and give you the wrong medicine.
So it's one way you can go home and check and make sure
that you've got the correct fill that you're supposed to have.
But that, religiously, when we go to the doctor
and get a new prescription, the first thing the wife does
before we go to get it filled is check the book
and see what we're taking for other things,
and is this gonna be a side effect?
Is this gonna bother us in cause of problem?
See, a lot of these doctors, because again,
they got the white coat on,
and therefore you're kind of like, you're the little quizzling.
You know, you're the patient, they got the coat on,
they're the ones that are charging you money
for their advice, they got the education,
they got the big degree up there on the wall,
and so therefore they talk to you,
some of them in a very condescending way,
as if their word is the bottom line,
and just don't question it and go ahead and pop the pills,
and come back and see them three months later if you're still alive.
Yes, if they tell you to start taking this and you ask them,
well, is that all right to take with what I'm taking?
They look at you like, what the hell smells to you?
I told you to take it, take it.
I don't know.
Okay, thank you very much.
I'm just looking at the facts as I'm getting from Dr. Mark.
Now, leave it to him to get involved in this.
What is this?
Can you make out heads or tails of what this is?
Of course not.
I noticed that in Dr. Mark's thing
that he gives to all of his patients,
it says, obtain product package inserts from the pharmacist
with every new prescription.
So I'll write in here.
And the sediment so on, it says, we practice minimalism.
That's the way I like it, Dr. Mark, like I said, minimalism,
not a whole bunch of pills, not turning your intestines
into a cauldron with all these different things interacting
and calling all kinds of problems like I've been having.
I'm off of the glenase.
I'm off of the private call.
I'm off of the, as of today, hydrochloroethyocytes.
And I check my own blood pressure and my own blood sugar.
And I'll be guided to him if I want to let some Dr.
kill me with drugs.
And when I read this stuff about prevecall,
how do you like that?
This doctor, McCulley, who by the way is a highly respected,
in fact, he was a highly regarded physician at Harvard
and mass general until his controversial theories
and heart disease cost him his research,
research, funding, and job.
And long last, it says his theories are now widely accepted
by the medical and scientific community.
On Homo, assisting, if I can say that.
And the stuff that he writes about
loads to the statin' drugs,
loads statin' and prevecall and prevecall
is just that to me, mind boggling,
I kissed the ground that just by accident,
I found this book.
KISS THE GROWN.
KISS THE BOOK.
There you go.
KISS IT AGAIN.
Just keep popping on his pill.
If you're gonna live maybe only five to 10 years
and your cholesterol is 300 or higher,
if you're like on death's door
and maybe you're gonna be around for your long end anyhow,
maybe that doesn't the people oughta be taken to these says.
I'm dying on the way out.
Robin Williams is Hatch Adams,
the doctor who uses humor as medicine.
What's the news on our little boy?
Well, Mr. Mrs. Smith, your son has rectal colon cancer
and he's gonna be dead soon.
Oh, good, no.
Hey, pull my finger, would you?
What?
No, pull my finger.
Hey.
No.
Come on, pull it.
OK.
Oh, OK.
Whoa.
I'm gonna use medicine.
Manu, manu.
Hatch Adams, the doctor with laughs.
You've got AIDS.
Whoa.
Ha ha ha ha.
Yay, that one.
Ha ha ha.
Whip, whip, whip.
Whip, whip, whip.
It's 11.44.560 WKM.
We got the Hank from the stadium.
We're getting a big buildup out here.
They for that big Marlins extravagant, right?
Anybody excited about that?
Huh?
No.
Marlins baseball, Marlins in the match,
opening day pregame 330, game time 4 o'clock.
Panthers and a Washington camp.
Boy, I bet you have a big crowd there tonight for that one.
7.30 tonight from the Macarena.
Here is the North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK, sir.
I've had the problems with my triglyceride levels
for a few years, not cholesterol, right?
A lot of people, including both of these books,
the heart revolution doctor, Dr. McCulley,
says that high triglycerides is a much greater indication
of potential heart problems than cholesterol.
Yes, what he says.
Absolutely.
My doctor said that too, but my doctor prescribed the
problem call and described me prescribed a lopid.
And I was taken it for a couple of months,
and then I started getting right up a right intestinal pain.
Right.
There you go.
Oh, that's what I just got over with.
I mean brutal excruciated.
I thought there was something wrong with something
in my intestinal.
I thought my liver was rotting.
I thought I was doing a Mickey Mantle.
I thought my, I don't even drink.
Oh, boy, I was going to get out of that.
I'm a hypercontractor boot, so I thought
that I was going to die.
So did you stop taking it?
I stopped taking it.
And the pain subsided.
I went on a diet.
I went on a diet.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
I went on a diet.
I reduced my triglycerides, like foods like donuts,
and chocolate, and stuff like that.
And my triglycerides level went down dramatically.
From what to what?
Well, I had, it was over 400, and it went down to, yeah,
over 400.
And then it went down to under 200, and I did it on my own.
Yeah.
And I feel much better, and I don't need the medication.
I just stopped the donuts and the chocolate,
and all that stuff.
I'm going to tell you right now, the adkins diet
is the greatest miracle worker for getting your triglycerides
under 100 that I've ever seen in my life.
You know, I don't follow the adkins diet,
but one of the things that I believe it is in fiber,
does that doctor act as prescribed a high fiber diet?
No, absolutely not.
Well, then how do you...
Sullyum.
Sullyum?
Sullyum, console, sodium.
Now it's natural.
No, seriously, it'll make you regularly
and the little boy, because it is a constipating diet,
but if you take the sodium, you have any no problem.
I see.
I wanted to ask you a question, because you know,
your blood sugar is low, your blood pressure is good,
you feel good about it.
Right.
And you said that your weight is going trickling down.
Right.
Because I've been taking medications
that are forcing it to make it impossible for me to lose weight.
But do you take any kind of active...
Yes, I've been getting on the treadmill,
I've been getting on the exercise bike every day
the last 10 days.
Oh, okay.
The last 10 days.
Because I wanted to suggest that maybe it's because
you'll be a very sedimentary lifestyle.
A sedimentary lifestyle.
Well, I'm trying to get the sediment out of it.
Good luck, pal.
All right, then you'll keep it up.
Too much sediment that'll do it every time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's get healthy here, okay?
Screw the goddamn pill doctors.
Ehh!
Yeah.
How do you like that?
He had the same damn thing like right up in here.
Remember all last week I kept like a squeeze knit
and holding it in my intestines too?
My kishkis?
Thought it might be your appendix for a while.
No, they're pendant, no, that was way down here.
Which could have been my appendix or my whatever was.
I thought it was like a liver thing.
Don't you remember even when Dr. Mark was here?
Travert call and also hydrochlorothyroside.
I'm going to tell you, hydrochlorothyroside
if you're taking it right now, good luck to you.
It's an old drug, it's a diuretic
and diuretics are not for diabetics.
That's what I believe.
There not be no doctor, no experts.
Just based on all the stuff I've read
by people who are experts and know something
other than just write a prescription
for a bunch of stupid pills.
It makes my blood boil.
It makes me pissed off, fired up, angry, psychotic,
that anybody would write me a prescription
for something like that that I shouldn't be taken.
Especially in that kind of dosage.
What a jaw bring us to anything good.
Those pens you wanted.
Oh, thank you, Joe.
Joe Rosoli from Roth Office Supply.
There's the salt of the earth for you.
And by the way, when you walk by on the other end,
you'll see dust still don't have his new desk in there
which I offered to buy him that new desk.
He still don't have a desk in there, okay?
Because Greg read it or ordered it from Taiwan or somewhere.
And there's little images over there
still busy putting a screw in the legs on it.
They're just screwing something, maybe each other.
Yeah, dust lens, he's still sitting at that little,
not even a size of a card table.
We could get a couple of old parts
from cemetery religion there.
And they couldn't play a good game of bridge on it thing.
That's how small his card table is in there.
His desk.
But of course, being the pussy that he is,
he's not going to say anything.
God is he a worst.
He really is.
I know, we just took a vote in the building.
And even Joe Rosoli who don't even work here,
he held his hand up.
When we said, who's the biggest pussy in this place?
It was no contest.
It was bluff Lindsay and I'm not bluffing.
I thought that Geldy knew that before Geldy
even gets the transplant.
I mean, he's way down the line compared to bluff.
Fluff needs a transplant.
He needs a gonad transplant.
Immediately from not sooner.
Christ.
Growing, I don't answer your all pair.
Grow one.
At least start out as originally
with one descended testicle before you grow a pair.
Man, if he said him in a corner like Tom Fum,
was a Fummer like this, staring at the wall.
A program director with this Fummer
is put, he'd sit in there staring at the wall.
Okay, Greg, okay, Greg.
What have you said, Greg?
Pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy.
Christ, push up a little bit.
Crawl Springs, hello.
Crawl Springs.
Going once, I don't understand these people today.
They wait a long time and then they just crap out.
Maybe he's taken too many drugs.
Here's Miramar, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I feel on the protocol.
Fab Mark was taking a Zocore,
which was prescribed by the doctor
and she was going along fine, loaded cholesterol.
Yes, then with the last prescription,
I had to send that out of town to a place called
CareMark, in fact, I have a local place here.
I have to send that out of town.
And they sent a letter to me, a copy of a letter saying
they're going to replace the Zocore with provocol,
which my doctor, my wife's doctor, agreed to.
So anyhow, we got the provocol in mail.
I took it and like you said, she got an intestinal pain.
How do you like that?
No, I see it.
And I called up the doctor.
He said, Doc, you know, bed,
that she met on another prescription.
Yeah.
And she wrote on it, must have a Zocore.
We sent the prescription out again.
And sure enough, we got the Zocore
and I know I have no bed reaction,
but the provocol, you're right.
That's why I had a call.
Very bad reaction.
She'll take a Zocore for the last two years, no problem.
This company, they want to get something
which is more economical for them.
Something they can rip you off on, man.
Right.
I think it's a markup of any product in the world
as prescription drugs.
Stuff that cost them a fraction of a penny of pill
and their charters are bucking a buck in a half,
90 cents a pound.
I run to the store, yeah.
That's right.
But I want to tell you, you know,
try to locate you in the four-load of their directory,
phone directory, and they have a number,
which is wrong.
They rings and...
Try to locate what?
For WQAM, you know that.
We can't afford to look at you now.
The 30th Street address with a four-load of
Fort listing anymore.
We're cutting back.
Have a good life, baby.
I'll shake that up.
Good luck.
Okay, good luck.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless.
Maybe some viagra for our program director
to put you up a little bit.
Maybe that's what we could use.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Yes, now.
Yes, sir.
I'm glad you brought up this topic
because in the midst of...
No, not because I'm sick and tired of being killed
by doctors who over prescribed by pill doctors.
Most of my life, I've been...
Butchered by pill doctors.
Exactly.
Now, in the mid-70s, I found that the hard way
that the Wanda psychiatrists were over-medicating
their patients.
And in this case, it was a forzine,
which had very bad side of...
Right, absolutely correct, sir.
So what happened in other words is that you got to treat
the doctor like he's your full partner.
You go to make him explain everything to you
and the final analysis is your decision.
What's people don't do that?
And let me say it again.
When you have a doctor and you walk in
and you're sitting waiting the outer office
and then you walk in and again
and the nurse takes your blood pressure
and he honors you by making a cameo appearance
and comes in and gives you a look
at about 25 words and a lick in a smear
and write the prescription and walks out the door
and shakes your hand and says,
good luck you'll need it.
I mean, that's not my idea of going to a doctor.
And another thing, near.
That's not what I'm paying for.
You know, another thing.
When it comes to what you're talking about,
like with transina, I was taking transine,
the...
How many are you gonna start popping some right now?
Exactly.
And the drug people, they cornered the market on transine,
they raised it in astronomical amounts.
Yeah.
So I have to go to another bill.
They don't give a damn about us
and it's something that...
Get off the drugs, sir.
That's my best advice to everybody in America.
I'm not saying stop taking a drug,
talk to a real doctor,
but get off of those drugs.
Do something to get off of those drugs.
Most people can get off of those
of the crap that they're taking.
People that have high blood pressure
and diabetes because of their weight,
most of us can get off of those goddamn drugs.
Do it.
Hydrochlorothiocide, my big fat diabetic ass.
That's what I have to say to that.
I mean, just unbelievable.
I mean, they look at you like you're some kind of like a learning,
like you're some kind of a symbol
and of course we are because they're the experts,
they're the ones that went to
while these fancy, shmancy medical schools
and got those big diplomas and degrees up there on a wall.
So it makes them so much smarter than we are.
Not...
5, 6, 7, 8.
And by the way, Dr. Mark,
stop wasting all my goddamn facts paper.
Whether you're a great guy,
you're a minimalist,
you're a hell of a good guy.
Thank God for you,
but stop wasting, I know you're...
You don't have to sell me.
I'm already sold, okay?
He's faxing me,
he's faxing me,
he's faxing me,
first rated radio guy.
Just to stop wasting our paper,
how many trees do they have to chop down
to make way for you this morning?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
Yeah, I just...
I was put on high blood pressure medicine
because I'm 75 pounds overweight.
And...
Well, with this acting thing,
I mentioned it to my doctor,
and the first thing he says is,
oh no, you can't be eating all that fat.
Oh, Jesus,
great.
You're a doctor needs a psychiatrist.
You're a doctor needs mental health.
Now, the six weeks I've been trying to pill Caudera,
I've been walking a little bit on the treadmill,
but I...
I'm trying to pill for what?
What's that?
Trying to pill for what?
What does it do?
Well, the Caudera was supposed to lower my high blood pressure,
which it did a little bit.
Yeah.
But I've been walking a little bit to lose weight.
So, when eight weeks I've lost six pounds.
I mean, it has to be a bit of weight.
Yeah.
Your doctor won't go along with the acting thing
and fight a doctor who will.
I got you.
Okay.
I can tell you the sound in your voice,
you're not going to do it.
You're not going to do it.
I mean, any doctor that says to you,
eating all of that fat obviously doesn't understand
that dietary fat doesn't make you fat.
There's nothing wrong with dietary fat,
and your doctor's a goofball.
He's living in the past in the Stone Age.
Well, I just picked up the book just now,
because I have...
I just got my information from you.
I'm in the process of reading it today and tomorrow.
No, which book are we talking to Dr. Eckert's new diet revolution?
Yes, yes.
That's the one.
Read, go immediately.
I mean, you go back and read the whole thing,
but go immediately to the part of the book where he talks about that
about dietary fat, okay?
Now, you know,
and the funny thing with the high blood pressure is,
it's like, well, if you question a parent,
well, we'll call it,
fasted high blood pressure.
We don't know where it's from,
but you've got to take these pills.
And I'm kind of like,
they've got to be a bad way,
which of course I'm going to...
Well, you'll find out and reading the Atkins book,
he says, one of the most important things that they do
is getting most of his patients off
all their blood pressure medication.
I'm going to do that.
Now, one last thing,
there was a report on date one about the pharmaceutical company's
advertising that drugs on TV and stuff.
65% of the doctors are opposed to it,
because they feel that it gives...
They say, well, the people come in and ask for a particular drug
without knowing about it.
Right.
Now, it might be true,
but I think what they're afraid of is,
it's a two-fold thing,
is people come in and they don't have the knowledge of all the
side effects or other things that the drugs can do.
On the other hand,
the doctors really want to educate patients.
Of course not.
Yeah, so...
They want sheath.
Yeah, that's it.
Okay, find yourself a good doctor and read the book.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
567-0560, 05-60,
05-60, on the mobile.
Oh, is he going to get back on his Atkins thing?
Yeah!
Yes.
And I'm going to stop taking all this crap that's
interfering with my ability to, like, you know,
extend my life maybe more than five more minutes.
Isn't that interesting?
Already we've had a couple of people call just on the
practical.
Oh, the abdominal thing and the intestinal bloating and the
cramps and the abdominal here.
Right.
What a surprise.
Just to coincidence, huh?
I can't see who we're out the moon, mon.
Oh, I think the time is right.
For me to touch my body.
One part there on my body.
It's just giving me a clue.
So I got to look twice.
And find myself a highway.
And I know one good highway.
And the twilight's room.
Oh, I find my blade boys and greenery lotion.
Put the towel right down on the floor.
Oh, I'm putting my wrist action in that slow motion.
And I pray that no one accidentally opens up the door.
Because I got a masturbator.
Word's great.
I got a masturbator.
Yeah, I got a masturbator.
I got a masturbator.
All right.
Probably one at five, 60 WQAM.
I got something man.
We just got an email.
This is the best from Richard Halper in St. Cloud.
No less.
St. Cloud Florida.
What a horrible place that is.
It's a CD called Pull My Finger 99 Tracks of flat,
flat shell and sound effects, including two revolving party games
that you can play in your home stereo.
Yeah.
So far, I like the James Brown stains.
And the cheese dog, that's not too bad.
Yeah.
99 of these.
How do you like that?
Oh, that's beautiful.
Kind of adding to our repertoire.
He's out there getting old and stale.
So to speak.
Goose gas.
Number two with the bowl.
All right.
Just what we needed to spice it up a little bit.
And it's otherwise boring.
Oh, I think that was live from the back room there.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Mobile and West Palm.
Another one.
27 minutes, 25 seconds.
Long gone history.
And you know, these are not the chopping off either.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Please excuse our phone incompetence here.
In fact, we're back to a situation we were way back in the beginning,
15 months ago.
They don't disconnect.
Nice going guys.
Excellent job, Bell South.
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I don't know if anybody else has talked about the provocol.
I mean, so far as what I had, I didn't get the pain that you had.
I got the real bad joint ache.
Joint, yeah, right.
I mean, you know, like in my shoulders and stuff, I actually loved that I had,
I had arthritis.
It was so bad.
Let me read something to you.
Okay.
It says in few fortunately rare, but in some cases, the statin drugs, which includes
practical, are responsible for devastating damage to muscles causing severe
weakness throughout the body.
That's what I had.
That's on familiar?
I couldn't even pick up my work at an oil company.
I couldn't even pick up a case of oil anymore.
That's how bad it was.
I couldn't sleep.
And I finally, my wife just by dumb accident, read the paper, you know,
what it could call.
A doctor, yeah.
I got off of that stuff quicker than you can craft.
And what happened?
I feel like a new man.
How do you like that?
But a new tri-chlorid does the same thing.
Tri-chlorid does the same thing.
How high is your cholesterol?
Well, it goes up in the, it varies from 360 to 380.
I mean, 390, almost 400.
Woof.
But I've been watching my diet and I'm trying that now.
I will not go back on that protocol.
That had me so full of pain.
I almost was ready to cry and I got so bad.
When you get those kind of side effects of prescription drug,
what it means is that your body is allergic to it.
I mean, it's not going to go away.
It's not like, well, I'll try it a little longer
and maybe I'll adjust to it.
No way.
I mean, you're starting to get those bad side effects, so you've got to get off it, like you did.
Well, people, they have to read the side effects.
They have to learn to read what these things can do to you when you get them from the drugs
or, and don't be afraid to ask your pharmacist what can happen.
Right.
I pay for it the hard way and I learned because I went through a lot of excruciating pain.
Believe me, and it was painful.
Okay, good luck, pal.
Yep. Thanks.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
And even if you're too cheap to go and spend ten bucks or whatever costs for one of those thick paperbacks
in your bookstore that's got all the prescription drugs, the guide to prescription drugs,
if you're too cheap, just go in there.
They don't care.
All these bookstores now, borders, bars, and obelisk, you can sit around, lounge, and write down some notes.
I mean, how many drugs can you be taken anyway?
Just look them up and you'll say, oh, yeah, maybe.
There you go.
That's what I've been having.
It doesn't mean that everybody who takes those drugs is going to get out, going to get any of those things.
They're certainly not all of those things, but maybe like all these people that we're hearing from today.
One of these things.
That's right.
You know, the days of just trusting the old trusted doctor with a white coat on us,
days you've got to go down the toilet.
You've got to start educating yourself and stop killing yourself with all these drugs so that the Pfizer stock can go up.
And Eli Lilly can go up at all these other big stock, these pharmaceuticals.
See, this is the thing with when you live in a society that is so dollar driven in a world that is so money driven.
They don't give a crap about your health or about me or about anybody else.
All they care about is peddling crap.
Oh, yeah, and all of a sudden they find out down the road.
Well, guess what?
That wasn't so good after all.
What was the one, the Eli Lilly drug that was all the had all those birth defects?
The little might.
The little might.
And now, by the way, oh, yeah, well, you know something maybe wasn't so bad after all.
Let's bring it back for an encore.
Yeah, I think I'm going to be making dinners from it in the afrozen food department.
The little might.
So what if you maybe does have six heads and 28 toes, big deal on complain.
You know, it could be worse.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil. What's the deal?
How you doing, sir?
Good. Can we get away from medical talk?
Anything you want, sir.
Anything you like.
I have to get credit with.
Yeah, that's it.
I have to get credit where credit is doing.
I give all my credit to you for two things.
I went to Freeport this weekend.
Yes.
Okay. And just like you always said, Marmy, we know whatever.
Yeah, Marmy.
I had to go over there for a little bit of fun, but never again.
And you'd always said you would never go to the Bahamas.
I went through the casino and broke even a through that table, but just didn't.
The people that were there and the employees and stuff.
No thanks.
Yeah, Marmy.
But now here's something that you probably.
How much is the good place for suckers?
Well, you know, it would cost me 50 bucks to get over there and 20 bucks to get back and I was happy.
Here's something that you missed in yesterday's held.
It was on page 16, the sports section.
The section that says sports round up, where they've got a little bit about, you know, who signs where or all these other things.
FBI investigating a claim of hitting camera videotapes showing college wrestlers, undressing, showering and unclose in weight in areas at needs,
including a national tournament at Northwestern reported by the Chicago Tribune.
Images from the tapes are included in hidden camera pornographic material that is being marketed via the internet and by mail according to the newspaper.
And to date Club Youmore on?
Well, you were going on about the rest of the rest of the...
So it effects me that the copy of the facts was so bad I couldn't read it.
That must have been what it was.
It's something about wrestling with your own thing.
Those familiar with the tapes, including officials at Northwestern and Ten, believe the tapes were made using camera conceals,
cameras concealed inside gym bags.
The FBI is consulting with the US Attorney's Office on whether the tapes can form the basis of a prosecution underlaw's covering privacy,
e-dropping and interstate distribution of pornography.
So that was the identity that you saw.
I didn't fact it over today.
I just didn't know if you would have heard about it or not.
Thanks for the good news.
God bless, got the light.
Okay, yeah.
Okay.
How do you like that, huh?
All these wrestlers out there.
I didn't say all wrestlers were...
I just said most of them are...
What's wrong with that?
You fill in the blank.
Whatever makes you happy.
Whatever makes you feel better about yourself.
You're all a bunch of...
There you go.
What do you know what you mean?
How I said was your...
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pond 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Prescription, drugs, and the people that they're killing.
Doctors and all this stuff that they're writing.
It's still a bigger scan going on in America today.
Biggest scam.
And the fact that we had a guy called in here to try to defend it.
Who's a pill peddler.
Who's a pill pusher.
Shame on you, sir.
I know we all got to make a living.
Okay, I hope you make a lot of money.
You can be terrible at an early age.
And stop killing the rest of us with all these pills you're pushing.
My favorite of all the side effects you'll read in those PDFs and all those books.
Sudden death.
That's my favorite one, you know.
Freedom and safety.
The other night I watched a wrestling match with big, smooth men with sweaty cracks.
They would try to grab each other's ass, wearing something more than the tiny g-strap.
But when they rang the bell and the match was over.
I couldn't help but notice I had a big bowler.
I wanna be a wrestler.
A wrestler.
And have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth.
I wanna be a wrestler.
A wrestler.
A wrestler.
A wrestler.
He's just pushing inside and out.
All right.
So why did this just seems a little gay?
He's just sitting on my hand between another man's legs.
Oh, and I pull my hands away.
I get to sell my fingers.
You know that other than some time to train.
You don't need to have much of a brain.
As long as it's a shower after you work out.
You don't mind placing someone's balls in your mouth.
They go that white clean candy messy and to belly.
That's why they like to rub that KY on their belly.
I wanna be a wrestler.
And retaining more runs just like you.
I wanna be a wrestler.
And maybe run for governor too.
As long as it attracts the crowd.
I don't mind the lean down.
Rub his candy scissors in their locks with some clumsy queer.
All right.
These are the best.
Toadstool.
Oh, God.
What we only got 99 of these.
Let's kill a few hours with them.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We had any calls about the Marlin today?
No.
No.
No.
Good.
Let's head to the better.
We got both games over here on the jockstrap radio.
Any interest at all?
No.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm so glad that you got on this prescription drug and keep on it and don't let up.
Because what happened to me just fits in perfectly with what you said.
Right.
I was like 200 to 205 for many years and I got careless and I bloomed up to 223.
The fatter you get, the less you wanna exercise, I cut back on that.
So I go to the doctor.
Colestuals 273 to try glycerate 339.
So what's his answer?
He says he gets a prescription pad out.
We're gonna give you medication to lower this.
That's all he says.
Doesn't get me an alternative.
I had to say it and he's getting ready to write.
I said is there an alternative?
I don't like to put anything in my body I don't have to.
He says yes.
Lose 20 pounds and get back on a good exercise.
I said that's what I wanna do.
Forget the drugs.
That was early in November.
Now I'm down to 203.
I lost the 20 pounds.
Every night I do the treadmill for five miles at four miles an hour.
Right.
I feel super.
And if I had to listen to him and had an ass, he'd do it by the pill.
That's right.
Somebody needs these pill doctors.
That's their first choice because that's what their business is all about.
It's alright for him to say that but he should at least say now here's the other after.
No, he should have started with the other after.
See what it should always be first.
Yeah.
And what people don't understand like they one caller said, oh I'm on that lowering,
a cholesterol lowering and it's great.
No size of it.
Let's say the pill would have done a similar thing.
Would I have lost the weight and gone on the extra?
No, the pill is doing it.
And this way.
Somebody you see there, what they're doing is they're playing to human nature.
And that is you know as well as either like when the FENFENCRAP came out and people were dying from it.
People want a magic pill.
It's so much easier to take a pill and you wake up tomorrow morning and you wait 20 pounds less.
Take a pill and your blood sugar will come down.
Take a pill and your blood pressure will come out.
That's what people like.
They don't want to do all of these other things.
But the problem is very few doctors bother to take time to explain to them that some of these pills
and some of the interactions that these pills have got devastating maybe even fatal side effects,
maybe not right away but maybe over a period of time or maybe even right away.
I wanted to ask you one quick question on the hydrochlorocycide.
Yes, I had it.
I wish I never would have heard about that drug.
Well see I, now maybe I'm not taking enough to harm you.
I hope not.
I take the cholesterol with the hydrochlorocycide 12 and a half milligrams of that.
Well that's the minimum dose.
And I just, in a call of this, there's a lot of that.
Now it did take my, I'm 120 over 70 every time I go in now.
Yeah.
So I'm real happy until I heard you say be careful of the hydrochlorocycide.
Be careful if you have any problems with it.
If it works for you and you not have any side effects and you don't have to worry,
you're not diabetic obviously.
No.
Then you have to worry about it.
Oh.
Well anyway, working for you, I mean you'll know your body will tell you if you're having problems like you did with the other one you'll know.
Yeah.
Well keep up the good work and don't let up on that because this is, it is a...
But you're terrible thing.
You're right.
People are doing, and the other thing like I say, when I was up and waiting that, I would watch TV in the couch and I'd fall asleep now.
I'm rare and ago I'm never tired and when I, at night I sleep like a baby.
There you go.
Five miles on the, but I would have never done any of that if I'd have taken the pill.
Okay keep it up.
About the good work.
Thanks.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one lie.
Oh yeah, here's the pill.
Okay, tomorrow you wake up, look like Robbie Benson.
You look like Brad Pitt.
You wake up tomorrow morning and look just like Anne Bishop.
Whatever you want to look like.
That's the mentality that they're feeding to.
That they're appealing to.
That's the magic bullet man.
That's what everybody wants.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes sir.
You were talking about the diabetes pills.
Hello.
Yeah I'm listening.
Okay.
I was taking two diabetes pills.
Bulk of flowers and Bulk of trolls.
Right.
And then last month the doctor told me to take a regimen.
I ordered it from AARP which is the cheapest that you can buy.
And it was $2.00.
I've read lots of bad things about a regimen by the way.
I know.
I just read about it in the newspaper.
$2.80 a pill.
What a bargain.
Yes.
So between the three pills that the doctor is prescribing for me is $5.88 a day.
And here they want, they're going to put Dr. Jack in jail for helping people die, they want to die.
And in the meantime these people are making us pay for it to kill us.
Right.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good luck.
Yeah you better do some reading folks.
That's what I'm telling you right now.
Don't trust any of them.
Any of them.
Don't just take their word for it.
Use your brain while you're still while it's still functioning before it turns to Jell-O.
$5.6705.60.
$5.60 on the mobile one line.
Got him I'm glad I got it.
And you know, you have to, they have that world largest bookstore on the Edward Street in Toronto.
I love going in there.
It's humongous.
It's gigantic.
And no matter what category what you're looking for, you just browse your mouth and you start looking through some of these things and say, hey wait a minute.
This applies to everything I've been looking for, including all the stuff about you, Bitcoin own, Co-N's, I'm 10, which I started taking and then I got the right.
I thought maybe I had allergic reaction to that, which I did not because I've been taking them now for three days.
From Mendocely important.
I mean, just out atkins is a big on it.
This guy, McCulley is big on a CoQ 10.
Very expensive, by the way, probably the most expensive supplement you can buy in any store.
But God is an important stuff.
Yeah, start taking natural stuff.
Start there reading about what I can says about vitamins and all the supplementation and get rid of all these goddamn drugs.
Here's a mobile on the alley.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to tell you that I thank you because I went on the atkins in a couple years back.
I was up to about 280.
I'm down to about 195, 200, the luxury weight.
And I will tell you that I started walking, I could hardly walk a mile and I just finished the Disney World Marathon in January.
Great, excellent.
So I mean, anybody could do it if I could do it.
Okay.
All right.
Keep it up.
Bye-bye.
See, there you go.
You know, I'm glad I'm rereading this because I know a lot of you are back on that again.
Yes, because it works.
Okay, it works, God damn it.
Look at all the people that saved in this audience.
And I'm rereading it and it just ties into all these other things that I'm going through with the pills.
It would all of bull crap about cholesterol and with all of these things.
And I'm thinking of myself, you know, when I read it the first time, like a lot of people do, I probably skipped a lot of stuff.
You know, I just went to the part about the diet.
How do I do it and what do I eat and skipped all this other good stuff?
Paperback.
Now, how much is this?
How much is this cost?
6.99.
Seven bucks.
Seven bucks.
Instead of, you know, giving some crack doctor hundreds and hundreds of dollars so we can give you a bunch of pills that will put you in a box.
5.670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I just want to make a carlet.
I was on a hypertension drug and it wasn't working and it pissed me on the other one.
So that wasn't working.
So I finally said the hand.
What's to deal?
So we start selling to me.
You drink it in the orange juice or grapefruit juice.
I'm saying I like a lot of grapefruit juice because that doesn't make it work.
Well, I'll come and wasn't in the pamphlet because we got something from the company, from the manufacturing, but it has a little bit of, it was not updated in the pamphlet.
Yeah.
Have you heard about what grapefruit or orange juice could have heard it or not?
No, I did not.
Please check this out because there's something in the grapefruit juice that's not allowed hypertension drugs to work properly.
Thank you.
Okay.
I'll be diabetic.
I can't be doing any fruit juice.
Anyways, so I wouldn't know.
Maybe somebody else does.
5.670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
It's called Savior Life Day here on QAM.
Here's a mobile in Haya Lea.
Hello.
Mobile in Haya Lea.
Going once, going twice.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Which I can hear the yes.
Hello, I don't know.
Oh, this phone.
This whole, yeah, I'm doing okay.
Yes.
Yeah.
I got a good one for you.
How many fans are going to be out there today?
More met fans or more than fans of the game?
Let me ask you.
Why do you ask?
Do you think I care?
I know you don't care.
I just want to know.
Just like some jackass.
Just like some jackass.
I don't have it opinion because I don't care.
It makes no difference to me.
I don't care if 10 people show up.
It's of no interest.
It's not part of my life.
I think more met fans of the mom.
Yeah, I'll go back to New York.
Okay.
Just like the jackass that calls this morning.
Some young punk calling up the worst team.
Well, I'm taking the overs and I'm betting on a met.
And here's the scores next week.
Go back to New York.
Okay.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
I'm going to go back to New York.
How about stuffing my fat face and just saying screw it?
No thank you Jenny Craig.
No thank you Jed for him.
No thank you Sam Master.
No thank you Jack Elaine.
No thank you Nordic.
I'm not going to mention Dr. Brotman, but okay, 1231 at 560 WDQM, we got 600 open lines,
all of a sudden.
That's not bad, we made it to almost 1230 on a Monday.
567 05 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line, our poor question today, who's got the bigger
ass, Alex Fernandez or Sid Fernandez?
Here's a mobile in Westchester, hello.
Yes sir.
That's not a mobile, but that's what it says here, I don't know what it says.
Here's a call, it's not a mobile in Westchester.
Okay, four years ago I had to lose 100 pounds because I had both my knees replaced.
Yes sir.
I just went on a sensible diet and did a lot of exercise and lost it.
A year ago I lost my wife and I came back 20 pounds and I have been unable to lose that,
doing the very things that I did.
And my question, I think I heard you say you took Adelaide and I'm having a blood pressure.
Could that be the problem?
I have no idea.
How would I know?
Oh, I thought maybe you said you had known that some of them were that you couldn't lose
weight with.
Well, I mean, I don't know, you'd have to look in one of those books, I don't know.
We're talking to a doctor because in the Atkins book he says that some of the cardiovascular
drug, which is what Adelaide is obviously, also interferes with your ability to lose weight.
Which I did take for a long time and believe me, I wasn't losing any weight then.
I'm going to check it out.
Check it out.
All right, good luck.
Yeah, it does up 140.
There's another suckers game for us all the Dow and all that stuff.
The Dow by the way is 30 stocks.
See, this is the way they manipulate us.
The Dow is 30 stocks.
If you got those 30 stocks or some of the certain ones of the tech stocks on the NASDAQ,
then hey, you're rolling in money, okay?
Amazon.com, broadcast.com, eBay, you know the ones.
If you don't have those, you're screwed.
And they bring all, see, you want to get me started with this stock market thing.
Like I've told you before all these newsletters and even the ones where you spent all of that
money and they're supposed to be such experts.
They got this long track record and all a bunch of crap.
If you watch CNBC, if you can stomach it all day long and they'll have 30 different people
on there and they'll tell you 30 different things and they're all experts.
The bear is in the bulls and the bulls in the bear is going up to 18,000 to Dow.
It's going out of 5,000 and it's all a bunch of bulls.
They don't know.
And if they didn't know, they wouldn't be sitting there telling us, so I'll guarantee you that.
Like I said a couple weeks ago, if I just had in the bank the money that I have invested in
all of these value line and this news letter and Ruqizer and this one, that's all a bunch of bullcrab.
5,670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a big report in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, I just saw a bunch of people bowed over by troopers, Westbound 595.
By word.
Look for its west to the turnpike right before you get to 136.
Keep your eyes open.
Okay.
Thanks.
That's a good news.
5,670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile and cross-springs.
Hello.
Hi, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Sitzernin is at a bigger ass.
Yeah.
And also I just wanted to let you know in regard to the subject of health.
Body composition is much more important than almost any other measure.
Myself, I'm 5 foot 11, the charts face that I should weigh about 170 pounds.
I'm 232 pounds.
Jesus Christ.
But my body fat is 14%.
Yeah.
I'll take any doctor on and outrun him, outlift him, out anything him.
Yeah.
However, my cholesterol had been high and my doctor put me on this lipitor stuff.
Right.
I took it for one day and said no.
I felt like I had the damn flu.
So you have the right to say no.
Doctors don't know everything as you have pointed out.
How high was your cholesterol?
My cholesterol now?
No, how was it?
Nobody put you on the floor.
Oh, it was 270.
Well, that's high, but it's not like life threatening 270.
No, my triglycerides, however, were over 500.
Bad.
Real bad.
Oh, no doubt bad.
But as I was saying, the composition of your body is more important than anything.
And I missed earlier you mentioning the book by the doctor who did the pioneering research on homocysteine.
Yeah, it's called The Heart Revolution by Dr. Kilmer McCulley.
It's brand new.
Heart revolution.
I'm going to have to get that because I've followed his research for years and years and I've always seen to it that I give blood on a regular basis to keep my homocysteine levels down.
Right.
Because the thing that really drove the point home to me was when I saw a chart on the heart disease or excuse me, the heart attack rates in progress.
Premenopausal women compared to men and then postmenopausal women because women premenopause, their heart rate, their heart attack rate is like nothing compared to men.
However, once they go through menopause, they catch up to us real quick.
Yeah.
And I'm wondering when doctors do blood tests, why they just don't routinely do test for the homocysteine level than you're a blood.
I mean, you know, his research has all been verified.
It's why they accepted now and I just don't understand what they don't test for it.
Well, I think you hit the nail on the head earlier, Neil, when you were talking about the drug companies.
If there was a big drug company out there with a drug that lowered homocysteine levels that was out there giving these doctors the trips to Hawaii and Disney World and all that sort of crap for prescribing their drugs, you would be amazed at how quickly they would be testing for homocysteine levels on a routine basis.
Right.
And I think that's why they're trying to get the best of homocysteine levels of their health care and demand that when they go in for a regular checkup as everybody should, that they not only check the level of their cholesterol and triglycerides, but the level of their homocysteine level.
Because there are people who are in as a real meal whose cholesterol is 160 and you have triglycerides that are obscene, low, dropping dead from heart disease every day.
Because of the damage done to their arteries, by homocysteines and other free radicals and oxidation in their bloodstream as well.
Amen.
So please keep up the good work on this particular subject and the other things that you talk about.
Thanks a lot.
Take care.
Okay.
I'm reading again from Dr. McCollum's book.
It says, even commonly prescribed drugs have been found to cause homocysteine levels to rise.
One example is dielatin, which controls epileptic seizures.
This drug antagonizes folic acid and causes homocysteine levels to rise slightly, potentially causing damage to arteries over a period of years.
Other anti-convulsant drugs, phenobarbital, primadone, carbamazepine, and valpic acid also cause an efficiency of folic acid.
And so homocysteine level goes up and some diuretic drugs, diazides, prescribed lower blood pressure cause homocysteine to rise.
Let me say that again.
Okay.
Take that hydrochlorozyocide and put it right in the toilet.
Okay.
Next to whatever else you find in the bowl.
That message for the doctor who prescribed it for me who was not Dr. Mark by the way and who I will not be going to see again anytime soon, like in this lifetime if it lasts very long.
Just all of these things that I'm reading.
I mean, just a whole series of reasons why I should never have been put on a drug in the first place, much less 50 milligrams, which had my blood pressure down to like 74 over 48, a little bit on the low side, don't you think?
Uh-huh.
Hey, you know, go home and take it for three months and if you're still alive, maybe you'll come back someday.
560.560 on the mobile one line.
Cluffing out my network one.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's a hit or something that sounds like it.
Richard Halpen from Orbs It Again.
Richard Halpen.
Now what if he's related to what's his name?
Any member.
Our old sales manager.
from St. Cloud Florida wouldn't surprise me. He was always full of hot air. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Before we go any further there's a couple of pages I want to
read here from Dr. McCulley's book. If you're not interested in this by the way too bad go out and
check out the meds fans and the Marlon fans okay go out and sniff a juxtap. We're talking about
your life and death here. We're talking about quack doctors and quack pill pushers. So anyway
Dr. McCulley says in a the heading on this the low down on stat and cholesterol lowering drugs
he says we've all seen the ads and newspapers and on tv or perhaps you or someone you know is
taking cholesterol lowering drugs. These drugs would seem to be the perfect way to prevent or cure
heart disease assuming it was caused only by high cholesterol. Within the past few years these
statin drugs, lova statin, pravastatin, symo-symphidicatin and fluvastatin what that sounds like
what I just played have become enormously popular. They work by decreasing the production of
cholesterol by the liver. But again I want to make it clear he said that cholesterol is not the
primary cause of heart disease. It only exacerbates the situation once the damage has been done by
homo-system. Lower cholesterol can help if you already have heart disease but because these drugs
lower LDL they do tend to decrease the risk of heart disease and for those in high risk groups
LDL carries homo-system to artery walls where plaques are produced. In lowering LDL I'm keeping
homo-system away from arteries statin drugs can prevent an already bad situation from getting
any worse but there are some very serious major complications associated with these drugs that
you'll never hear about in the ad or read in the fine print. First of all they decrease the
production of ubiquinone which is coenzyme Q10, coq10 which can weaken the heart muscle and make
it more likely to fail. Within the past decade the use of statin drugs has greatly increased while
the deaths from heart disease and heart attack have declined the incidence of death from heart failure
has increased in the past 15 years. We're not sure if the increase in these drugs is directly
related to the increase in deaths due to heart failure but this certainly warrants more scrutiny.
Coenzyme Q10 made in the body derived from meats and nuts and available in supplement
form and health food stores should definitely be taken by anyone on statin drugs to make sure the
heart is not affected in this way. Secondly statins can cost severe side effects many patients
taking statin drugs have evidence of liver toxicity and gastrointestinal side effects such as
bloating and diarrhea. Liver toxicity causes abnormal liver function to make
cause jaundice in some extreme cases in a few fortunately rare cases like the guy called before
the statin drugs are responsible for devastating damage to muscles causing severe weakness throughout
the body. The most alarming news is that all the statin drugs have been proven to cause cancer
and laboratory animals. How do you like that? All right there is a very real risk of cancer and people
using these drugs as well. For this reason, next words have recommended that the statin I look again
this is so goddamn important. For this reason experts have recommended that the statin drugs
be used only in people with a short life expectancy 5 to 10 years. However the proponents of statin
drugs therapy in certain pharmaceutical companies have suggested prescribing these toxic drugs to
obese children who are at risk of developing heart disease and adulthood because the dangers of
statin drugs I believe it's unacceptable to prescribe them to children. He says I recommend that
these potent drugs should be used only if you have very high cholesterol levels over 300 which I've
never had and reduced life expectancy because of heart disease which I've never had yet isn't
it easier just to eat right maybe take a daily B6 B12 and Polic acid he asks Dr. McColley in the book
The Heart Revolution. How do you like that? Fakers, fakers in white coats butchers, murderers baby.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, what's going on? Yes, sir. Good morning. Good evening.
Whatever. Yeah. Hey guy here. I got a super person's story and also a different end is an
out of the dead thing first. Yeah, okay. Great. Whatever. Go pump some more. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on
the mobile one line. Oh, I knew he'd be here. You know where you used up all my facts paper.
I didn't ask to talk to you. He's so fast. I didn't even get a chance. He knows you want to be on.
You're a hambo and you want to be on. This is this is a good day for you to be on. And by the way,
when I come next week I want the blood test for my home. Oh, what does it mean? Why have we never
done that before? Because because it's a secondary risk factor and your primary risk factors are so
significant that the secondary risk factor. Yeah, but you say they're so that my blood pressure is
excellent. Okay. Yeah. My blood sugar right now is excellent, right? Well, you might you've been
measuring it. My triglycerides even in that last test. Not bad. It was 103 and I'm hearing
I guarantee you now three or four weeks later. They're even better. They're under 100. There are
I'm not going to get the tactic on you, but there's there's a five primary risk factor using those
big words. Yeah, I know more than three syllables. There's there's there's a there's the primary risk factors
are well established. I'd be smoking hypertension, but the worst of all of them is the family history.
The family history set your genetic clock for heart disease for all kinds of purposes. And I'm not
going to get into the debate debate about the statins, but let's just say that the straightforward
rules that are accepted by the cardiologists, whether or not you believe they're biased by
the pharmaceutical companies doesn't really matter, but there are standards that are established
have to do with LDL levels that are like 130 for normal people and 100 for people who've had
arterial what we call it arterial episodes. And you've already had a stroke. Yeah. So you're
really ideally ought to have your LDL below 100, right? But these are all things that take time. I
mean, these aren't like I remember old lady called me up and said, I almost had a stroke because
you let my cholesterol go to 400, but you're not saying I should still be taking the
provisional. Oh, no, no, no. I will tell you right now. I will never. No, no, no, no, no.
From Stanton. And you were not the one to put me on in the first place. I know. I want. I'm
sometimes I'm clinging every now and then because his name and my name are in the same sentence,
but I haven't I haven't mentioned his name for obvious reasons. Okay, but I mean you did clarify
it wasn't me. Yes. And the reason I already said you're the good guy. This is the good guy. Dr.
Mark. This is the good doctor as opposed to some of these other. I this is why I didn't want to go
on the air. You've been. I really didn't. You've been. You've been. You've been. You've been
rubbing for me so much today. It's almost time to give up my name and address because you've
resisted that for so long. No, I haven't. I've never resisted. I mean, you were. You were smart
about it. You said, given the nature of my of my audience, if I give out your name, you'll be
bombarded with it. I have already said that everybody in this audience who wants to do the
adkins that for example, since you do it and you're on it and you do great on it and you
understand it. I'm from 38 down to 34 pants. Great. They may ought to be coming to you if they want
a doctor who really knows and believes in the adkins that they're going to Dr. Mark Laporta
at the Gateway Medical Center in Miami Beach. Now the other reason I'm calling. I told you.
I told you. Well, you know, I'm serious. I mean, most of these people like the guy you've heard
some of these people call. They go to their doctor and even mention the adkins that the doctor
laughs them out of the office. Why are you crazy? I got all these pills. You ought to be taken instead.
You know, there's a phenomenon and this is really why I called. There's a phenomenon of the
location of the school that you go to the individual professor and the year that you go to medical school.
And remember, there's a lot of doctors and I don't know the guy Cleveland Clinic, but there's a lot
of doctors, even if those so-called high-power clinics that really run like a business. It's a factory.
Yeah. You come in with a problem. They treat the problem and then maybe you get lucky and you get
some kind of personal communication later on. That's one of the big failings with health here
today is people don't like I fact you I'm sorry for six pages, but some of that stuff communication
cooperation participation. If you don't, if you and the doctor together and you're doing the
reading, you're supposed to find out about you. But how come I'm finding out by accident reading
the adkins book and then reading this McCulley book about Haudenosaun's homicide,
increases homocysteine and also being a diuretic interferes with your ability to lose weight.
And of course makes your blood sugar go off just what I needed like a whole on the head.
We knew as soon as you went on it, the sugar went up and he warned you about that.
But he also said your body will adjust to it whatever that means.
But then your body doesn't adjust to it, especially at levels of 50 milligrams of that stuff,
which I will not take again.
I know this is a chance for one doctor to say this, but I thought that those was excessive too.
And that's why we cut your way back.
You know, some people take, I always take the start low, go slow approach.
You got to figure out what, you know, the other reason I fact you, because my papers all say
well and synthesize. You got to find out what the person's strengths are and use them,
not defeat the body. These every pill is poison. Every single pill has a side effect.
And there's some rules, philosophical rule called like unintended hexacooled.
Unintended effect. It's something that no matter how smart you think there are, nature will
defeat how smart you think you are. And the body is so complicated that you just have to be willing
to deal with the uncertainty, but you have to set it up to say you'll adjust to it.
He didn't know you, because you're not just to anything. You give it one day.
When he doesn't know me, I've been there several times. He doesn't know you.
I'm telling you, I know that whenever we do something that we have to watch,
that I know I'm going to hear from you.
When you've been working that hard to get your blood sugar down, which to me is like life in death,
you know, like I don't want any legs chopped off and that interested in making my little
dog into a seeing eye dog. I'm not interested in kidney failure. All of these other exciting things.
I mean, it's extraordinarily important to me and to give me something that's good when there are all
the other choices for blood pressure, which my blood pressure isn't a problem now anyway,
I just object vehemently to it.
I would like to say that I don't. I'd like to know what his rationale was for that, because
it's a matter of that's what we do, because how to put it, I think it's a very good geriatric drug,
but I don't think you quite qualify yet.
I'm getting there though.
Are you getting your ARP invitation?
Yeah, and the mail all the time every day.
Lastly.
And they're on the front of the envelope, it says, hey you old fart, how about it?
You've been able to educate people to pay attention to this sort of thing, even including
get the package insert, read up on your stuff. I don't know how other doctors feel,
but I like a bit of a challenge.
So, but you know something even more important to me than the package insert,
because most people can read it and it just elicit things.
Right.
But if they go to their bookstore and they'll buy one of those little paper,
they're thick paperback books.
You know the guide to prescription drugs.
Yeah, but and they'll not only give you the listing of the side effects,
but they'll also tell you all of this other stuff about the drugs that they have bad interactions with.
I mean, there's just tremendous information in those books.
Well, the package insert, you're right about that.
The package insert is supposed to have all that stuff too.
And in fact, and who can read it, it's written purposely so well,
if they have a magnifying glass to read it.
Forgive me, I don't, forgive me.
I don't mean the FDA approved package insert, because you're right.
That's so much.
The joke.
Yeah, and the problem with a lot of information and health care is that the patient
doesn't have the context.
If you read something that can happen at the 1% level,
and you don't know that 1% really means 1%.
Now you start to get a side effect.
You start to think it's the 1% side effect right away.
And those are really, I mean, they're 1%.
It's more between.
I'm talking about the pharmacies are mandated by Florida law to give you a sheet
that's lay person, sorry, for that expression, legible.
And it's supposed to be one page of basic information on the drugs that you buy,
including side effects, drug interaction, how often you use it with
that food, that sort of thing.
And it's supposed to be as simple and easy to read as booklets that you're talking about.
So that's why I tell patients to pick up that information with every new prescription,
because they're going to think of something that applies to them.
It's deep in their lives or deep in their past,
or something that they notice at home, or the hide-and-air chair, or whatever.
Now I can't possibly know about, because I'm not with them for 24 hours.
I'd say I'd rather go back on the adolescent, take a hydrochlorothyl.
Well, you see the reason that I kind of smile on it as you go in through this whole thing is because
you made the decision to cut down the dose, and I certainly concurred with that.
And then last week when we spoke, you said you were probably just going to get on to one
medication instead of all of these things.
I think that'll work just fine.
One other thing, I told you the other day, you've been educating your audiences what,
400,000 people or something like that?
10 billion people.
Okay, 10 billion people.
If you just alert them to these thoughts, the way you're supposed to think about your approach to medicine,
medicine is not supposed to be a knee-jerk reflex.
I told you the other week I've made, I sent in my application, it was a six-page,
what I did on my summer vacation this year, for the directorship for the Center for Primary Care Research in Washington.
I want to change the way these things happen at a federal level.
So let doctors and patients know that we've been running by the feet of our pants.
That guy who said only 80% percent of what doctors do.
Oh, he was there.
That was a pill pusher.
No, wait, wait, he was right about that.
Yeah, he was.
The fact is...
He still has no credibility.
He blew it as soon as he turned it and told us what his job was, because we know who's,
who's reppin' him and who he's representing.
But the fact is that only 20% of what doctors do is valid science,
repeatedly demonstrated and concurred by the, you know, the consensus of doctors.
80% of what we do is greed, superstition, tradition,
seed of the pants and...
Alone.
Yes.
80% of the baby.
Yeah, I believe you won't go have to sell me.
Well, and that's, that's it.
I mean, I know I'm not asking for it to be elected,
but that's why I want to go to Washington.
I want to change that.
Got my vote.
Thank you.
See you next Monday, Mark.
Bye-bye.
Thanks.
So long to two hours!
I'm here tonight.
The need of a screw.
My Lord, sit here.
My balls were blue.
And I heard a band song.
Where but are we, girl?
I'd be by the tree.
And take it right.
I'll face the mosquito.
Would dare not bite.
And I think to myself.
I'll ask you.
What a butter, we girls.
But hell, I've drink a lot.
Can I feel it in pretty high?
I've got to find a taker.
Please, please, be quiet.
I reach out with my hands.
Say it now.
What are you doing?
Really meaning you'll have to do.
So that's, as I've done.
I guess that's all.
I wanted to ask.
And then I've reeled her mouth.
Now I'm so happy.
What a touch of fever.
Yes.
Yes, I think.
Not to.
What a touch of fever.
103-5-3-2-2-8.
Anybody got a good day of that hockey?
No.
We'll be there.
Good night, John.
I'm so happy to be here.
Watching the Panthers and Washington capitals too desperate to go in the word teams.
Today it's our team, maybe, whether we like it or not.
Yeah, we got the playoffs coming up.
Now I say, we, I'm not talking about the Panthers, but nevertheless, hockey fans, we got the playoffs coming up very soon.
That's the exciting time of the year.
And these other silly people are worried about baseball.
About baseball.
Yeah, we're supposed to forget.
Well, you know, Wayne is gone and all that other stuff is gone.
And we just kind of cleared that I can new start, a new beginning.
It's not a question of if it's a question of when.
And we're supposed to be, am I into it?
No.
Not in the least.
Playoff time, maybe.
You can smell the hockey playoff fever in the year.
Not here, but the other places I've been recently.
You can smell it.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, great show, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Somebody asked you know, I'm 53.
I worked out all my life.
I eat what I want to eat.
I exercise to music.
Yeah.
A lot of these people go books, books, books.
And they don't exercise as far as descriptions.
If you take some of these prescriptions together, they'll kill you.
You mean prescriptions are terrible.
Simple basic exercise will help a lot of people with a lot of problems.
Yeah, that's true.
Some, some.
How come they want to do it?
No, no, because we're lazy.
Well, it's a little lazy at that.
You know, all is perfect as you are.
I mean, you know, we're working on it.
We're done.
People looking for the quick fix.
That's what I said.
People want to pill for everything.
That's right.
Let me ask you.
If you could have taken a pill instead of doing all that exercise,
if you could have taken a pill, the couple is the same thing.
Wouldn't you have done it?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Okay.
One thing about it.
Fine.
Well, you've got to think about it.
Okay.
Five, six, seven.
It's going to be like my ass can, you know, junior child.
If you're going to like snap your fingers and made that great chocolate moose
or whatever you just made.
Wouldn't you rather done that and go through all that work and mix and mess it?
Huh?
I'll think about it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the other 18 T wireless line.
What's the thing pal?
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
West Palm Beach.
Do you hear something or what?
This is a goofball.
He's been calling and hanging out.
Oh, okay.
All day long.
No, West Palm.
Why do you keep putting him on hold them?
They just don't put any more West Palm Beach.
Who needs them anyway?
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Can I talk to you a couple of issues?
You know mine?
A couple of issues.
A couple of issues.
Yeah.
The first one is very simple concerning.
Well this must be a product.
Can we get it?
Yeah, huh?
No we can't.
See let me say it again.
Very, see as soon as you said that because you're dead giveaway because I wasn't really paying
that much attention.
As soon as you say that, I know it's that asshole Andy from Hollywood.
No we can't.
I mean the people in the audience probably are ready to call like the paramedics, the loony bend.
Somebody to come and take you away.
What words do I need to speak to convey to you?
I can't stand you.
We can't talk issues.
We can't talk trash.
We can't talk periods.
Just put the period at the end of the word talk.
You and I ain't going to happen.
We're not going to talk.
We're not going to converse.
We are going to have anything to do with each other.
You make me nauseous.
You're a whining, simple dentist what you are.
Go to practice.
Go out there.
Squeeze yourself a couple of times and stay away from me.
And the audience agrees by the way.
Yes.
I took a poll just now and everybody raised their hand said get ready him because he's an asshole.
56070560.560 on the 18T Rattles line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How are you doing sir?
Pretty good.
I've been listening for about six months and for the first time I caught.
Yeah.
56070560.560.
There's another one.
Always prefaces with a dead giveaway like putting up a big billboard there right.
Here's the lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
How are you?
I'm sorry.
It must be the chronic one in two hours today.
I'm sorry.
I said how are you doing?
Fine.
Thank you.
I haven't called before.
I'm really interested in what you're discussing but I have something totally irrelevant to what you're
discussing.
Actually I sing the national anthem for the Florida Panthers lately and you guys played it on the air.
I didn't play.
On the Saturday night.
Well, I did.
Yeah.
You've been singing it?
Yeah.
Is this your best calling?
No, this is Jill.
Jill, call.
Jill what?
Jill minor.
Jill minor?
Yeah.
I thought that's the best calling.
That's the friend of mine.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What games did you sing in there?
Because the only game I missed was the Ottawa game.
Actually this was my Ottawa game with my fourth game.
I've done them four games.
Okay.
Okay.
Anyway, I just thought it was really nice that you guys played it on the air.
I didn't know you did that.
It sounded really cool.
I had friends with Polymer.
Are you going to be singing tonight?
No, I'm not.
Who's going to be singing tonight?
I think it might be Sean Ebron.
Well, what happened at Aaron Berghell?
I mean, with all due respect to you, I'm sure you do wonderful.
Well, you've got wonderful voice but I think that the fans were really good.
I think the fans were just ready for a change.
I'm not sure.
I can't speak for them.
The fans wanted to change.
They were getting a lot of feedback about that.
I can't speak for them.
They don't like Aaron Berghell?
Oh, no, they just were ready for a change.
They were just tired of it being sung.
I think it's the same old way.
It's just a little bit different.
That's all.
I mean, no, no disrespect.
The same old way?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
I mean, it would be like, Sean.
That would be like, Sean, we don't want to hear Kate Smith anymore.
She's got blessed America.
Of course, but she's fabulous.
Right.
Well, she was.
I'm not going to take anything away from Aaron Berghell.
Okay.
I'm just a little confused by getting mixed signals there,
but what you're saying, the fans were ready for a change?
That's what they were telling me.
I don't know.
I mean, again, I'm sure you've done a fine job because I hear it all the time.
I'm out of a game.
I wasn't there without a town.
But I'm there if you're nice.
Now, what are you going to be singing this week?
When's the Boston game?
Possibly, she hasn't let me know the schedule yet.
They actually don't decide that.
How do they decide?
I'm not sure.
The fandom, I suppose.
Maybe the fan responds.
I'm not sure.
Right.
Now, do you get paid to do that?
Actually, no.
You don't get paid to do that.
But it was so much fun.
The people that I've had to say,
it's not so important for me to say,
is that the people at the Florida Panthers, hockey club,
are the most sincere, nice people I've ever had to work with.
Well, sure.
They're sincere about the National Anthem.
They don't pay any attention to the game,
but they're big on the National Anthem.
Of course, they are.
Right.
But they're just really nice people there.
There are.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, keep up your great work.
Thank you.
And maybe we'll play it again.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
And maybe we'll play her in Brigitte.
Oh, I'm sorry.
She got.
I like her in Brigitte.
I mean, with all the respecter,
she sounds like a nice young lady.
I'm sure she does a fine job.
I like her in Brigitte.
I didn't know that there was a problem.
Is there a problem with him?
No.
I don't think so.
I love her in Brigitte.
He did miss up on Canada one time.
But then he got redeemed.
The next time the leaves came in.
He got the words right.
I love her in Brigitte.
I think it's good to have continuity there.
I think she landed in Boston with a bruise.
I don't know if he's still a laser if he's dead or what.
And he used to have a guy in Montreal.
He used to do it all the time.
So I think he's dead.
And Kate Smith and Philadelphia.
And she's still.
She's dead.
And she's still singing God bless America.
How do you like that?
I happen to like.
I mean, I wasn't even going to get on this.
But since she called in the spurt me on.
I like on River Gale.
But whatever name is.
I think he's great.
They had a dark,
complex guy.
They had a young black guy that sang at one night here a couple weeks.
He was tremendous.
He was sensational.
I just generally did that just called.
Don't stick in my mind.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That Beth Cohen or whatever name was.
She got that kind of Jewish nose that detract.
I mean, she does a nice job.
You keep looking at that nose.
Hollywood 7 old gaming was the country's first high stakes bingo.
Because you know, they give it away over a billion dollars
into open 20 years ago.
In fact, March 29th.
Just a short time ago, a 34 year old man from Davey,
one over 327 grand.
And other winners have also walked away with six figure jackpots.
You could be the next big winner.
Who do you like better, Aaron Vagallo at the arena?
Who do you like?
The National Anthem.
Joe.
You don't care.
He never gets through that early anyway.
In the moment, D-A-Y-S-U-D-A-N.
The exhibition's rolling down.
He spreads the bad newsies.
K-M-C K-Q-Y R-A-D-L-D.
He's the vermin on the prowl to fight X-R-E-M-E.
K-M-C K E-R-R-E R-L-E.
N-C-R-A-S-U-Y-T.
N-C-R-N-E.
N-C-R-N-E.
N-C-R-N-E.
K-M-C K E-R-R-E R-L-E-T.
K-M-C K E-R-R-E-T.
115 at 560 WQM.
By the way, I think the best thing for the National Anthem is just skip it.
Why do we see the National Anthem at ball games?
Anybody ever figured that out yet?
No.
Huh? Seriously, why do we do that?
What's the point?
That's just like...
Why do they play the National Anthem at the racetrack?
That to me has always been very disturbing.
What is that all about?
Is the government involved with gambling?
I mean, besides taking a chunk of it for out-tax money?
No.
I mean, what was that all about?
To stand through the National Anthem and a racetrack?
I mean, you know, I have no problem with the National Anthem.
It's kind of a weak one, by the way.
I like all Canada much, much better.
And many other National Anthem are far superior songs.
But as a song, it really sucks.
But what's the point?
What is it accomplished?
Huh?
It's supposed to get us pissed off and fired up for the game.
Is that...
Hey, yeah!
And really what most people are plotting for is that it's over with.
It's not applauding because they're enthusiastic.
Like, oh, finally, you know, get it over.
Here you go.
Let's sit down and have a beer.
How about that?
So, speaking of having something, how about some lunch from trucks today?
Huh?
How about some of my other...
I love these.
Uh, salad.
Now, I was just about to sneeze.
I don't want to sneeze on the air like some kind of a...
Slap.
I'm sorry.
Some kind of a slab.
Oh, I love this.
Thank you so much, by the way, Richard, or whatever your name was.
What's his name?
Halpern.
I'm trying to forget that name.
Wait a minute. Rick.
Is his name Rick Halpern?
Could it be the same Rick Halpern that was the sales manager?
No, that was...
What?
Halpern.
No H.
Yeah, well, maybe he just put the H in front of him.
Maybe he dropped it, you know, hide his trap.
To cover it up.
Yeah.
What then we always call him Halpern?
56670560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
He wasn't the one that hired fat boy, wasn't he?
Here's the Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, been out of town for a while.
I just got back.
I'm really shocked to hear about Sonny.
Yeah.
Matt grew up listening to Sonny Fox.
Sonny Fox?
Yeah, he died.
Sonny Hirsch.
Oh, never mind.
Okay.
Asshole.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
That was...
That must have been a guy from the morning show over there in Fort Myers.
You know, if you're going to spend the money to make a call and think that it's going to be humorous,
and that's your best material, here is the Hollywood.
Hello.
Dale, got it.
Yes, sir.
One point I'd like to make here.
The relationship that you have with your doctor is a great relationship.
Yes.
You should have the same relationship with your pharmacist.
How do you do that?
Well, it's extremely easy.
All you do is, wherever you take your prescription, you meet your pharmacist, you meet the manager, you talk to him.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
You meet the pharmacist, you meet the manager, what do you go out and have tea with them?
No, no, no, no.
What are you talking about?
No, no, no.
You have to have a relationship with your pharmacist as far as the medicine.
How do you do that with a pharmacist is behind the counter.
Well, I don't think he's going to be running around like bumblebees and heat.
He's got 7,000 prescriptions lined up.
I'm going to have a relationship with this guy.
And then you go see my pharmacist.
And then you go see my pharmacist.
He's a good guy, but he's not my type.
Well, listen.
He's a little bit too lazy to look for a strong.
That they know exactly what medication you're taking.
Many people, many people.
Well, they have that in the computer, if you're regular customer.
If you're like most of the old Yentos down here, they'll buy two at Walgreens, two at Publix, two at...
Well, I don't do that.
I don't think that's why I don't do that.
Well, you know that, and I know that.
But unfortunately, a lot of your listeners out there don't know this.
Listen, I understand what you're saying, but I think if the average schmuck out there is going to depend on their pharmacists
to give them guidance as to what the side effects of the drugs are going to be,
and what the interactions are going to have with the other drugs that we can all go to their funeral together.
Oh, no, sir.
If you have the proper pharmacist, you won't have a problem at all.
Your pharmacist will punch you up on the good...
Well, I'm not going to go to Hollywood to get my prescriptions filled.
Well, I think you have to build a relationship with what you have with where you go.
How do I do that?
Do I take them out for a date?
I mean, he's a little...
Well, I mean, give it a shot.
Whatever, whatever work...
I don't want to take them out on a date.
I want to take them out for a cup of coffee.
But you have to get to know who's doing your scripts.
Now, see, my other Walgreens down there in Broward.
Boulevard, I used to know Bruce, nice to you as well.
He's not there anymore.
See, that's the problem.
See, you're under the illusion that, like when you go into a place,
that these people stay there for a long time.
Not in this town.
They don't they're here today and gone tomorrow.
Well, my pharmacist...
But you're lucky.
I mean, you got the one guy evidently in all the whole town.
It's great, and I'm not going to shut up to Hollywood to get my prescriptions filled.
He may be the best pharmacist that was ever born.
I'm delighted for you.
But it's important as far as your medical health goes.
Right.
Drugs that you do.
But I think if you're a doctor, if you have a good relationship with your doctor,
and you talk with...
That should be the first place, and he's not going to put that any kind of stuff that you're going to have a problem with.
But your doctor is a great guy, but does he know what he prescribed to you two years ago?
Yes, he does.
He's got it all in the file, of course.
A good doctor would, but unfortunately most doctors...
You and your most doctors don't have your medical charter.
But they don't have the stuff written down.
They don't have the right for you two years ago.
How could they not?
How could they not?
Trust me, they don't.
They don't.
Your pharmacist knows immediately.
Okay.
I can't really say how do your pharmacists...
Obviously, they have a very tight relationship.
Real tight.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You get the feeling they have a pretty tight relationship with him in the...
I mean, I'm grandfather, I'm delighted, and I understand what he's saying.
But it's just not going to happen for most of us.
We're not going to go into a drugstore and shake hands with a manager and the pharmacist,
and the whole staff there that got them are spull hump behind the counter.
And say, hey, you know, they got 700-old farced lines up there.
They want their crap, you know.
You can take them out to lunch.
I don't want to take him out to lunch.
How do I take him out to lunch?
I'm working here.
I'm not going to take him out to lunch.
Maybe he's got some phone numbers, I don't know.
Here's Jensen B.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm very excited today about the Marlins are tied for first place.
Right.
There you go.
Markets down.
Markets in your calendar.
Is that the panther?
You better mark it down real fast because...
I'm marking it.
And that's thing too.
You know who that is, don't you?
The other asshole.
Took me a few seconds.
Yeah, they must be on the phone with each other doing little...
A little phone-circle-ger.
Andy from Hollywood and Greg from Boyton Beach, who's now in Jensen Beach, alleged.
They're scrubbing it with like, brillo pads.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, I mean, maybe you think that this is really...
Ah, we sure got...
I don't care.
It just makes you look like what everybody in the world knows.
He's an asshole.
Including that Andy character.
Why does...
Why his girlfriend seems very nice?
Why she keeps hanging on with him?
I have no idea.
I haven't got a clue.
Maybe someday she'll get one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What is fact machine?
This is rattling and rattling and smoking.
Wow.
God.
What a day this has been back here.
Oh, this is the Cory Saban.
We don't take the sports stuff here in this fact machine, okay?
All you people are keep facts and stuff.
They got their own facts machine.
And we like Cory's a good guy.
But, uh, no way.
Oh, isn't that incredible?
Want to give the right number out?
No.
They're not listening.
If they were listening, they'd know that this isn't the place for the sports facts.
This isn't the sports bag show.
This is just a regular bag show.
This is not a sports bag show, okay?
So send your sports bag of facts.
This is to the sports bags on their sports bag machine.
Not ours.
We already got my doctor.
We still have our facts paper.
God damn it.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Happy pay-five.
You're back to you.
Uh, uh, the girl that called you Jill Minor, I saw her twice at the game.
You weren't there at the Ottawa game.
No.
Because I saw your seat was empty.
Right.
Um, she sang great.
She has a great voice.
She sang old Canada great.
She sang, uh, the National Anthem great.
She has a great body, by the way.
Oh, it was a married-ass girl out there.
Uh, uh, that's a different story.
The other guy, I said.
He was a good one on her.
He was very good.
But he was getting old.
That next guy that had the color cell, you mentioned.
He was good.
I think he was great.
He was great.
This girl has a super voice.
But why did you order a lot?
Why, how can you say, uh, Miguel was getting old.
Hasn't he been doing it like, uh, for a hell of a long time now for us?
I think you, I think you were in the mind of reading.
I think I was losing too many games.
I think that was the problem.
I got news for I hasn't helped.
That's true.
You didn't miss that game.
There was nothing you missed there either.
And by the way, how come I'm the only person in North America
beside the people on CBC?
They replayed it ten times.
They showed that right of the Vorek was five feet off side on that ledge goal.
He got in the second period.
Nobody ever called it.
Yeah, I didn't see that.
Oh, my God.
Well, I'm Ellen.
Ellen, they bring the puck over the out of a blue line.
And here's the Vorek putting on the brace trying to stop.
He's already at least two, three feet over the blue line.
And play goes right on.
Melody, he gives it back to the Vorek who's in there all along.
He sticks in the net.
I mean, what was, what kind of goal was that?
The referee had some rough wood on his feet.
No, he was going to serve a lot.
What we need, we have to have 80 lines of an and 20 referees.
Okay, then maybe they can get a call right.
I mean, the whole bunch of that's true.
Take care.
And back to you.
So there's a guy that liked you, Jill.
Okay, let's hear this one for Jill.
I like your in Brookdale.
Fine.
I thought he, he's got that big.
He's an opera singer for Christ's sake.
But not going on.
He doesn't have as good of an ass as her, I guess.
Oh, although he's got breasted, probably as large as, I don't know.
One of the young ladies they had to, which had very, very, very tiny breasts.
I'm sure Aaron's got much larger breasts than she had.
Here's a mobile in Key Largo.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is Aaron.
I'm a friend of Jeff Cohen's on the guy that he worked for in the restaurant years ago.
Yes.
I got to join down in Key Largo now.
Yeah, he's got a joint right now.
He's working on it, I think.
No, listen.
Yeah.
I'm doing this key later.
I'm on.
Yes.
I'm doing this key lation therapy.
Yes, sir.
Have you heard about it?
Of course.
What do you think?
Dr. Rackins is very big on it.
By the way, they do it in the Atkins clinic.
I'm doing it and it's unbelievable.
You want to tell you a list of the really works.
That's right.
My cholesterol was, my triglycerachyrophine.
My cholesterol was over 4, from both of them now about a 200.
It's amazing.
Beautiful.
And I feel real good.
Keep it up, Anthony.
Take care.
That's what Jeff Cohen says.
Keep it up.
Come down to see if the key log is from Dave.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay, there's a friend of Jeff Cohen's kind of sound like it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
Oh, by the way, that pizza last weekend,
that much of pizza in Matsula Zanya.
Wow, that was good stuff.
This is the show of the tomorrow.
For you, rangers.
This is the show of the show.
Do you have any questions?
Why do you gain?
We go blind.
There's all computer joy.
Why do you gain?
We go blind.
Everybody's on a side.
Boy, people will panic when they're not there.
Everybody rest at it.
I'm not gonna see.
If I don't make the floor run,
it's you believe it's the end of the world.
And see the market,
the rising market.
People living in the mountains.
They're jumping away.
Why do I want to get anybody nervous?
But you realize that there are two Y2K panic movies coming out this summer.
Were you aware of that?
No. Well, now you are.
Not one, but two.
Being as responsible as Hollywood always is
and doing anything for a buck,
even if the, you know,
even in the case they might just cause wild, massive panic in hysteria,
which they're already gonna do.
Did you see the kids about have your own Y2K baby be the first one to have a Y2K?
Oh, yeah.
Why?
2K.
Isn't that what Michael said in Godfather one?
They're 2K.
People think they're gonna win some money.
There's something if they have the first thing.
I haven't got any idea.
It's again a classic example,
a demonstration to any of you who still have any remaining doubts
of the lunacy of the human-freaking race, okay?
Just like the media continuing to use this term,
ethnic cleansing in Yugoslavia.
Ethnic cleansing, my fat ass,
they're butchering,
they're slaughtering.
The word you're looking for is genocide, not ethnic cleansing,
but hey, don't confuse them with the fact it sounds much neater ethnic cleansing.
You know, like with Babel,
the whatever that old commercial used to say.
What I'd say, Brian?
The something cleanser?
What was the word I went in there?
Oh, he's busy.
So seriously, so my point being this,
that the last, at least two or three months of this year,
probably the last quarter,
especially after these two panic movies come out this summer,
it's going to get everybody hysterical.
The stock market, I'm afraid, even though it's having a big,
it's up 170.
Again, the Dow is up 170.
If you don't have the 12 of those 30 stocks,
like GE and IBM and the ones that are going through the roof,
it means nothing.
The rest of the market is in the tank, okay?
The next step, 58, and if you got those tech stocks,
AOL, you know the ones,
AOLs on the right, New Yorkers' team.
Whatever the hell they are.
But Jesus Christ, I mean,
there are people are going to be panicking,
they're going to be hoarding all kinds of stuff.
And somebody suggested to me,
I think it was on the plane the other night,
buying gold might not be a bad idea,
because people are going to go nuts.
The last three months of the year,
you marked my words.
Even though there's absolutely no reason for them to be doing it,
they're going to go eight-shot.
You watch.
Not one, but Hollywood coming out
with two movies to announce to the world.
Excellent.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Any else?
Yes, sir.
A couple of things.
First of all, the beach boys are way, way better than Aerosmiths.
No, channel.
No, I don't know what type of drugs you're taking.
Not in the same league with Aerosmiths.
I would like to request it all beach boys' day.
Yeah, okay. Good. Call up magic.
Call up tragic 102.7, okay?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's coconut grove. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
What a loser.
I'm knitting that last call.
Right.
Speak up, sir. Speak into that thing.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah.
Okay. The dolphins, hopefully you get...
Okay, let's go to Pemberk Pine.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing now?
Okay, so...
I'm going to try and redeem your...
redeem me after the throttie callers.
Redeem what?
Oh, okay.
First off, I just want to say tomorrow's my birthday.
Yeah.
So can I have the little music by chance there?
Can you have a little thing?
I hear somebody beat me too, yeah.
Thank you, sir.
And, oh, this was nice little bit of news I thought you liked to know.
I know you don't like tough sports, but you'll like that...
Why, I tell you this.
You know, Dwight Gertz.
There's only one sports here in that talk, you know?
We got it.
We're all fag stuff.
We're all fag stuff.
I think it might involve fag stuff though.
This little bit.
Take me two seconds.
It says Dwight Gertz.
He's got a hernia.
They ain't body might be because he was listening stuff.
He said because he...
It was actually...
You were using Chinese paint.
Do you know what that is?
No.
It's some item ever known of it from a sex shop.
So now he's on the disabled list with a hernia because he was using Chinese paint.
He was using Chinese paint on his...
I guess so.
I thought you kind of liked that.
Maybe you'll put a different slant on the sex life.
Exactly.
I like that idea.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
There's another reason to hate baseball.
Oh!
Not good enough.
Hey, listen, you got to give him at least 40-50 more chances.
Straighten it out.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, there.
You say your ex-farmist used to be named Bruce.
Right.
Bruce Goldman.
You know, he's on Broward Boulevard.
He's still there.
Knob Hill and Pine Island on that Walgreens.
He's still there.
That's what I'm asking you, sir.
Is he still there?
That's what I say.
Oh, I know.
He's real well.
Yeah, he knows me.
The last thing I wanted to know, you know, when your show starts every day and they come on with that discoyce,
there are the rumors, there are rumors, there are rumors, there are rumors, I'm not sure.
Who else is playing with that at everything set here, you know, without the express written consent?
There are come, you hear other stations when you're not on it.
I'm listening to something else.
You hear your bits coming across there.
Meaning, well, what does that mean?
Meaning, some of the stuff that you know vocal Bryant
and all that stuff that you've come up with.
Who else is here at another station?
Who else is playing vocal Bryant stuff?
I don't remember the time.
I'll check it out and call me back.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 maybe Rick Riley is playing some of the old stuff like the
Bokers songs, some of the other stuff he stole years ago.
You know what I'm talking about?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T White Ops.
We don't care if Rick's feels some Bokers Brian stuff.
Damn it.
Right.
Here's a mobile in Perine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, maybe your guts are heard because you're taking it up the street.
Yeah, I take the shoot to this bell.
5, 6, 7, 0, this is retard hour.
I shouldn't know.
As soon as Andy called you notice everything went right to your old crapper.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T White Ops line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
No, Neil.
Shameless request.
Can I hear something?
Let's go to a mobile in Margate.
Hello.
Use Babo, the foaming cleanser.
Now, foaming cleanser.
Okay, thank you.
That's enough.
Don't you remember that?
Yeah.
Oh, that's right.
It was Ajax, the foaming cleanser.
Oh, so what difference does it make?
That's not the point.
He is what I know is a nitpicker.
By the way, bring them out of that check back.
I think there's a couple of zeros to money and that thing.
Here's a lady mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
Two things I'd like to tell you.
Thanks.
Number one for educating people about AT&T White Ops.
I'm going on a big crusade on that again, whether they like it or not.
I don't care how I'm going on a massive crusade on it.
Don't you love when they're not educated?
They say, oh, that's going to ruin your kidneys and you're going to die from taking that.
And they don't read anything.
That's why he's had hundreds of thousands of people go through that they're all doing so great.
Exactly.
Another thing, my husband saw this doctor in North Miami.
He had high blood pressure performance,
so the doctors couldn't get down.
They were giving him all kinds of medicine that's going to kill him eventually.
Three days with the doctor on Chinese and natural therapy,
his blood pressure is better than normal.
Chinese pain?
Chinese medicine.
Yeah.
They had him on conventional prescription medicine.
It about killed him.
And this man is in North Miami.
He's unbelievable.
He does the chelation therapy.
He does a lot of stuff with HIV.
He's just unbelievable.
And the doctors are just finally starting to figure out maybe they better get on the bandwagon
and see what's going on.
But thanks again for Atkins because it really does work and it does a kill you.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
And have a great life.
Okay, whatever you say.
566-705-60, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
21-2 of the Hank Goldberg show from a PP Park to a clock till 330.
Marlon pregame, 330-4.
Marlon's in a method 4 clock.
Any interest at all?
No.
Then followed by the Panther game pregame 7 o'clock.
Panthers in a Washington cap, 730-9.
Any interest in that?
No.
Just a little tiny bit.
Any enthusiasm?
No.
Any hope for the playoffs?
No.
No.
This is Randy West.
And as for our phone conversation, I talked to Peter Northy of the day.
He tells me your real name is Neil Downe.
And he's still ain't interested in it.
There was a cat.
It's gone here.
He's adding the metal just taking his piss.
That some boys who were down by the frick.
They're beating the water.
There is on their marbles and clay things and at half past four.
Their team of young ladies, she looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rough balls and laces and white fluffy
ducts.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spit.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, rap using layer from yesterday's hunt.
What a girl in the middle was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he had her phone lightly, she'd show him her nits, dope, that dog who was subject to fence.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy.
So tasty made a butter sky.
And then he spread with cream all over her cup.
She had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
145 at 560 WQN.
And the tension you can smell it.
Yeah, in the air with the Marlins baseball extension of something is in the air.
Marlins in the mess.
5C we got 600 open lies in 14 minutes to kill.
Can we do it?
No.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Napoleon Kaufman.
Dolphins.
I can see it.
Yeah.
Well, I can see.
Dalton.
That's what I can see.
Quick one.
Here we got the three hours of saving the world.
Really good intelligent worthwhile stuff.
And all of a sudden in the 1-2 hour, we got Air Regarde Dan Moron.
And you want to know why?
Because they're frustrated.
Because we're not done at a level.
The sports nerd craft.
Okay.
The best thing that could ever happen would be if tomorrow, other than the NHL, all the other sports went out of business.
I've told you that before.
And we can go on talking about important things like, uh, like that.
Thank you, Chuck.
Chuck from the sub center with my lunch today.
Now we're talking about important stuff.
5, 6, 7.
Any interest in these last 13 minutes today?
Or we just got a bunch of lunch.
A bunch of morons.
A bunch of idiots obsessed with craft with turd burger stuff here.
Good.
God almighty.
What kind of an imbecile gives a crap about Napoleon Kaufman, which by the way they just signed him.
Is what Diffo told me.
Yeah, that was really funny.
That thing on April Fool's Day Diffo.
Not.
Well, yeah.
New lost consumer.
And nothing like going into a rally.
Yeah, now it seems to me today.
No one that I wasn't going to be here Friday going into a verbal assault.
Is if I give a crap with their little effects, sports fans here on that morning show.
God, is that a thing?
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Mobile in the Gables.
Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Hi, John.
Okay.
Hey, listen, um, I remember last week I didn't get a chance to talk about your, your funeral.
I don't do a meter and I told my mom, you know, she's getting up there in age and I, it kills me to even think about that.
I was asking her in a box and I told her she wasn't too happy about it.
But I said, look, I'd rather know you remember you how, you know, how you were.
They're looking at you in a box.
Yeah.
And the other thing with these idiots calling up about the sports, give it a rest and they get 20.
That's all they know.
That's their whole life thing.
Got 20 hours of this swill.
This garbage, this crap.
Yeah.
That's all they know.
This station attracts the worst maggots.
I mean, here's some asshole calling the morning show this morning about the betting the overs or the unders on a, on a baseball game.
I got news for it.
People are out there betting baseball games.
They need to be a put away somewhere.
We need GA a big time.
They got 20 hours of it.
Why do they, why do they cost it to their craft?
Because they, I think it's doing on purpose to piss you off, Neil.
Really?
I think you're trying to give you a heart attack.
Well, guess what?
I'm going to happen.
5, 6, 7, 8, 0, 5, 60 pound.
Maybe you won't doctor in this time.
I can give me a heart attack.
And it won't be doctor Mark.
We know who I'm talking about with all those pills, all of these things.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up?
All the little punks, all of them.
Is it our team's ball and date county?
That's right throughout this week.
Last week was broad.
This week is date county.
Having a circle jerk on the phone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in the deer field.
Hello.
We all think you think.
You're okay.
Great.
But thanks for listening to 5, 60, WQA and go back to New York while you're at it.
And have a great time.
We all think you think.
Thank you, sir.
If you're an animus, we just took a vote.
We all think you think.
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
While I'm sitting at the bridge over here.
I'm in New York.
I'm sorry.
I said, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Anyways, while I'm sitting at the bridge over here, while I'm going up, I've been up for about 10 minutes now.
Yeah.
So we end the day with the bridge tender.
Here's a mobile in New York.
And we're going to have a mobile in Belgrade.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, man?
Okay, sir.
I'm using in Belgrade for a week.
This is worth them being in prison.
Yeah.
Not even funny.
Now, you know what's happening?
What did you do?
Is phone technique that you have the phone in your...
Correct, though.
Yeah, that must have been another one of your people, by the way.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Homestead.
Good afternoon, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I've been listening to your show that they did.
It's one of the better shows you've ever done.
Up until one o'clock, it was great.
That's what these people are pissed off about.
Yeah, well, you got some real...
They can't handle anything more serious than, you know, in their kneecap.
I'm a cardiac patient.
And I'm totally disabled through that.
And I'm on.
My doctor's got me on a low presser and the zoo core.
And some of the things you were saying earlier about the blood pressure medication.
I asked him last month if I could cut in half.
And he said, absolutely not.
Just for my own benefit.
How does he know that?
That's a good question.
He thought about it for a while.
He said, no.
But I was sitting here a minute ago.
How bad is your blood pressure?
Well, I just took it a few minutes ago.
It's 132 over 80.
And a pulse rate, while resting is 69.
That's after you took it?
Or before you took it?
Well, I take it every morning.
Yeah.
And that's the only therapy he's put me on.
I had a massive heart attack and lost about 35.
Well, then you better listen to what he says.
Yeah, that's what I'm trying to do.
But I'm concerned about whether or not I'm a candidate for advocates.
Beats me.
Which is the things you've been talking about lately.
Getting off your medication and stuff is starting to really...
Well, I do have to talk to a doctor that believes in it and knows something about it.
Like Mark Laporter or somebody that's into it.
Okay.
Because if he talks to a doctor that doesn't believe in it, then you're spending your wheels.
Well, my doctor, he's a minimalist pretty much.
He doesn't believe in...
Well, what does he say about?
What does he say about academics?
I haven't asked him.
Well, there you go.
That's the best way.
Okay.
Ask him.
Good luck.
Next week.
Okay, you see him.
I guess that's the best way to do it.
It's to ask him.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I think it's time to bring back the lightning round.
Yeah, I think it's time to bring back a straight jacket for anxels like you and what it's time.
Wait until, you know, the sports nerds get back on.
Okay, sir.
Then we'll be loaded and loaded with your crap.
Okay, we'll be coming out of our pores.
It will be poor and bull crap.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a bunch of symbolians we got this hour.
A bunch of jackasses must be the sports people doing it early.
How about this one?
Must be the Marlon fan getting all bent out of shape and psychotic.
All ten of them.
That's right.
Mariah Carey and Luis Miguel.
That's the new hottest, the hottest item they're talking about.
That Mariah Carey.
Yeah, Mariah Carey.
He's allegedly banging everybody.
Everything is moving.
Wait a minute.
I thought Luis Miguel was like more interested in Roger Nielson.
Well, at least Miguel is into whatever moves, evidently.
Who knows?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
I thought we had a scoop here.
He goes always, Luis.
Very good.
North, Southeast and West.
56670560.
He's like all those studios.
56670560.
Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Eight minutes till two.
But we got a great lunch here.
And thank God none too soon, either.
