Sports Radio 560 WQAF Miami-Port Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We talk to Neil called 560 560 home free training development or count 560 on yourself
all the opinions of Neil in the guest callers or anyone else on the show
who not necessarily reflect on those new AMB's lead acquisitions
or the easily broadcast from now.
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAF, where is now?
And now a public service announcement.
The representative of the IACC, the International Association of Colon Cowboys,
we ask the citizens across America to donate whatever you can to start an alternative club
to the Boyth Gats of America.
But pirates of the Caribbean will give young men an opportunity to experience the fun
and camaraderie of exciting outdoor activities, fudge at sailing, camping,
and my favorite Queenie roasting.
Give them a chance. Give what you can.
Thank you.
Anyway, this is my favorite sales role, John penis.
But anyway, before we talk about the Boyth Gats, I just want to mention,
I want to make an admission on here.
It's best to update because it's a dog days of the summer, it's nobody here anyway.
When I was young, I did steal a free train.
Okay?
Huh?
Well, what's wrong with that?
I think slowly but surely, we ought to start like fessing up to the really serious things that we've done wrong.
I still, in fact, twice.
I still have a free train.
Not the same free train.
Never make the same mistake twice.
Court strikes, Scouts, gay ban.
I don't know where to start today.
We got that show Griffin thing.
We have 10 or 20 people out there.
Listen to the cast and open the morning by default.
Because the radio stuck on at the spot on the dialer.
They think that I'm still on on Zayden in the morning, something like that.
I want to say so, and isn't it interesting?
Talk about that psychic thing again.
Who did I see downstairs when I walked into this building this morning?
My favorite psychic,
Griffin from the psychic dyke network.
And I said there were lowly $50 million.
Will you please?
I can't get away from you sweetheart.
Every 30 seconds you're on there.
This woman owns much music.
She's on her current early tweeters.
And lo and behold,
comes to find out that Mr. Ripoff,
I don't want to say Paul Castredova,
ever would rip off anybody's material like mine.
Anyone else is he could get a hold of.
But he's ripping her an ass on the air this morning.
As if he's got some reason to rip anybody an ass about the psychic network.
Wonder where Paul got that?
Ha ha ha.
You know, the rumor is,
I'm going to tell me that when Paul Farts, it smells like somebody else's.
That's the rumor that I've got.
Yeah, there you go.
That's Go Henry's.
That was one of mine.
Seriously, nothing original from this clown.
So evidently they got wind of it on power 96, so to speak.
And she'll grip and be in the tough broad that she is and more power to her.
She called them up on the air this morning.
Maybe we'll have a spy report or two.
Is that one?
No.
No?
We had two spy reports in the building already.
By the way, thank you so much.
Joe already earned his jets off and tickets.
This letter.
This is one of the great letters.
What is this from?
Where is this in?
You all USA today?
No, no.
No, it's from USA today.
It's on the other side.
One of the great letters to the editor ever written.
So anyway, Schwo Griffin calls in to defend herself against the school list of texts.
It says to cast it over.
Oh, so you never, you know, endorsed anything that you don't, uh, aren't, uh, stuck it up to.
What was that?
Someone who didn't know when to shut up.
Oh.
I thought he was a good friend of yours.
Oh, it wasn't remember.
So at any rate, no, no spy reports on that.
Look at that.
I would have.
That would have been one.
Oh, it was a spy report, but they didn't know what he did.
Screaming and screaming.
We're about to blow him up to save.
Please hold.
I would just want to put him on hold anyway.
Screaming in my ear.
Oh, it was probably Paul.
I can't imagine.
See, I think it goes to sure that either nobody is listening to us right now, which I doubt.
Because I know my friend Helen's listening over there at Canada, but other than that, probably nobody else or nobody's listening to cast it over anymore.
They're all listening to Howard.
I reckon spot it.
Oh, put him on just put him on hold.
Don't talk to him.
Just put him on hold.
Is this that the loud mouth that won't shut up?
Hello?
Oh, and then you didn't do it.
Oh, there isn't God after all.
You didn't reboot the phone, eh?
So here are some...
Screaming in the background.
Screaming in the background.
Screaming in the background.
Screaming in the background.
Screaming in the background.
And I was going to have to call back a third time.
To be probably will.
You turn.
Time is a charm.
Yeah, I want to get a couple of spy reports on here.
I'll grab them and just relax.
You just sit in there and bond with Joe, okay?
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, these cops are here really bad.
Did you...
So you didn't hear Castor over this morning?
Okay, get out of here.
These politicians are...
Stop!
I don't want to hear these boring doll, that's you.
WQAM, Castor Overline.
Uh, hello.
You want to know about the Castor Over thing?
Yes, what did the Schroberg say?
Uh, well, Paul and Ron started dead.
They talked to some guy this morning who called up some news guy.
I don't know.
I'm not from the area, but I caught it.
Some guy that was...
I caught it.
You wish, Guy?
Uh, some news guy.
A news guy.
So he said, yes, Guy.
Some guy named Cliff.
And, uh, probably not the Yamon guy, but the, uh, some news guy anyway.
And, uh, he was...
He was...
Yeah, he was talking about the...
And they still more crap from your show.
I mean, three days.
He starts talking about, uh, Jay...
Uh, Boy Scouts.
And, of course, the 12-course-folds and other piece of your material out of his hat.
He says, uh, oh, next thing you know,
I'm probably looking at priests in the boy's guy.
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, for Christ's sake.
I'm back in the church.
Yeah, I'm going to have a talk about him.
Well, we're going to say, uh, he started talking about that.
And then all of a sudden, he got something that the thing guy Cliff, you know,
started talking about the psychic thing of he ripping people off of me.
And, Ron Brewer had made a comment about some fat person endorsing it.
And, boom, she called in.
And then Ron jumped on her ass and she started saying, uh,
well, you know, you don't take money from people that, uh,
that, uh, you know, on your show anyway, you don't do voiceovers and you don't make money off of that.
He says, no, man, I don't.
I'm just a news guy here.
And she says, oh, you're just pissed because you don't have any money.
That's...
Don't be fussy, though.
I love you.
Yeah, so...
That's not a small...
Oh!
And, uh, all of a sudden, Ron started, uh, you know,
he started getting a little, uh, fight you there and he started saying, you know,
I'm not gonna take money from people, from people like that.
They're honest people.
They're your listeners, you know, he's supposed to respect them.
He says, you must, uh, say, you must take a good look at your ratings book.
That's why you're listening to our show, trying to get material.
And, uh, all of a sudden, this big black guy,
probably a big guy named Ben got on the radio and said,
you're gonna, Ron, we'll get it.
I'll come on, not down here, and I'll look you on ass.
Oh, you're on ass?
It was...
It was...
Yeah, well, let's talk.
It was, uh, some guy, he works, I guess, it works with her.
Yeah.
And, uh, he got on the phone and he was trying to, too,
Ron and he were having a fall quick and hung up on her.
So that was the whole thing.
They got to watch the show.
She'll sit Carlos on him next to being big trouble.
Yeah, well, that's the course notes.
If anybody tells you anything else, I, uh,
something up for you in one big shabang.
Of course, I'm gonna tell you for like 15 years, man.
You're the best.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Take it easy.
Thanks for the good news.
Nice going, Schwalg, riff, and okay.
Oh!
Stick it to him, man.
I'm so sick and tired of that rip off artist.
I feel sorry for you people that have to listen to him in the morning.
I know that Joe listens to him.
And I know that George listens to him.
Not.
Oh, you were defending him last year.
Last year, I said he wouldn't by default,
except I listened to KPX.
Yeah, and everybody knows that.
Right.
Their news is the best.
In other words, you can't listen to the 19-minute breaks on Howard's show.
To see if he's actually on the air.
See, here, I wanted to, this is an amazing bulletin, okay.
I've just discovered, even with those gigantic numbers,
this means even more credit to the tremendous publicity machine behind Howard.
He's not even on the air.
No, he and Robin have both been moved.
They're, they're sure it wasn't even on the air anymore.
They just run the spots.
And people put down that they're listening because they can't, I mean,
you think we got long commercial breaks on this station?
I tried listening to him three times since he's been on the air.
What is that?
Three or four years he's been on down here?
Who the hell?
I mean, what kind of material could be that great that anybody would listen to?
Listen to a 19-minute commercial break.
There were around a 19-minute breaks.
In between dikes.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lakes.
Rhymes with breaks, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
You got me with my mouth full.
Me too.
Oh, man.
Copper.
Copper diner, by the way.
Oh, I wanted to spy report Elle Goldstein last night on what's his name show, Conan O'Brien.
You know, I heard you say it.
I stayed up especially late just to watch it.
Funny.
He was, he was feeling under the desk at, uh, for, uh,
what this makes his crotch.
I mean, incredible.
Yeah, he told me he has a great desire to give oral sex to Conan O'Brien.
He told me that.
I mean, he, oh, he came out and said it.
Yeah.
He said, he said, oh, I'm in this bar and I see you, you see you, I risk guys sitting over there.
The, you know, drinking your brains out and blowing it's like, yeah, all right, sure, you know.
And, uh, I got news for you.
Elle is so desperate when you get to be about 8,000 pounds like he is.
He'd have sex with a bumblebee if it would stay still long enough.
You know, he said everything in the book.
The only thing he didn't say was that he was a fag.
I mean, you know, he's four wives, his homes all over.
He said, oh, man, you know, you know, first time I've ever seen Conan O'Brien,
and get embarrassed, he goes, yeah, I, my, one of my homes over an Amsterdam.
I go there to smoke hash and get high.
I mean, the audience went right.
Great.
The audience went crazy.
I love it.
Yeah.
I mean, it was, it was great.
Conan, he's a stufd shirt anyway.
You know, some drunk an Irishman.
Well, listen, thanks for the report, pal.
Loved it, man.
Don't forget to vote, Griffin, for president.
Oh!
Freestyleik greetings for all.
That's what I say, huh?
And Shirley Peters, for vice-versa.
Oh, really, tweeter.
Well, that's really something.
Now, if they would have started on her, then I might have agreed.
But, well, Griffin, she's my hero.
Come on, low-missed $20 million.
Go just for the weekend.
This is so we had to go out and have a good time.
But don't let me forget about that Channel 7,
the video of the raid on the, uh, uh, Swing Club.
You, before you die, you must see that story on Channel 7.
And, of course, Channel 7, you know, would show that over and over again.
It was right after Brian Andrews was, you saw the bubbles coming up.
Freedom and safe cheese.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death,
the one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With two canoe theft on the rise,
the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isis.
Get a waste from my affordable bail.
You big and the F.
Remember when we used to post a fact in Caribbean,
and we ought to get a one-of-a-fade, white ones at cooler.
Get a waste from my affordable bail.
You big and the F.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
So fatty like that.
Get a waste from my affordable bail.
You big and the F.
Get a waste from my affordable bail.
You big and the F.
Whenever some fast tries to steal my car,
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isis.
Get a waste from my affordable bail.
You big and the F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isis and Car alarm now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get a waste, get a waste from my affordable bail.
You big and the F.
And old Jewish guy named Isis and Car alarm.
I will be able to load it all there is storage.
By the way, Polyd just profusely better late than ever.
I got a request for that yesterday and forgot all about it.
Now let's see a week ago, Tuesday we had a request.
It's coming out here it is.
You're welcome.
Court strikes scouts gay ban.
How do you like that?
I'm actually some of the people out there don't like it.
Some of those right wing fundamentalists they're going,
oh, and they don't even know what it means except it spells your backwards.
New Jersey jurists say,
ouster violated anti bias law.
Trenton, New Jersey.
Ever been to Trenton by the way?
Oh my god.
Wow.
Seriously.
You get anywhere near Trenton and something stinks so bad.
You just want to scream.
You're sure that Adam from sales, not out not out in the Jewish Adam,
the other Adam.
I don't want to I don't want to do any good guys.
They're both good guys.
You know they Adam I'm talking about that as a real problem.
You're positive that he must be nearby when you get to Trenton.
Good guy bad ball problem.
Equating the voice got to America with public accommodations such as restaurants,
library schools and theaters.
The New Jersey Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that the organization's 1990
expulsion of a gay assistant Scott master violated the state's anti discrimination law.
In a seven to decision,
the court first rejected the Boy Scouts arguments that it is a private organization
and that its decision to remove the assistant Scott master James Dale was protected by the first amendment.
The court also dismissed the Scouts contention that homosexuality is immoral comparing that argument with discrimination against women and blacks.
After concluding that Dale's dismissal was based on a little more than prejudice,
Chief Justice Deborah Poritz declared the sad truth is that excluded groups and individuals
have been prevented from full participation in the social, economic and political life of our country.
The human price of this bigotry has been enormous at a most fundamental level adherence to the principle of equality,
demands that our legal system protect the victim of in video discrimination.
In a separate opinion, Justice Alan Handler, who was widely considered the court's staunchest liberal,
said he agreed with much of his colleague's legal reasoning.
Then Handler, who was retiring after this term, concluded his 44-page opinion with something of a sociological and philosophical lecture.
One particular stereotype that we renounce today is that homosexuals are inherently immoral Handler rose.
Wonder if Justin heard that.
That myth is repudiated by decades of social science data that convincingly established that being homosexuals does not in itself derogate from usability,
to participate in and contribute responsibly and positively to society.
In short, a lesbian and gay person merely because he or she is a fag is no more or less likely to be moral than a person who is heterosexual.
The case of Dale, who was not 29, is the second one to reach the state's highest court,
but the New Jersey result is the opposite of the outcome of the earlier case that wounds in California.
And now of course it's going to go to the Supreme Court because the boy scouts, they're pissed off.
And we know there's no fags in the scouts, right?
There's no fags in the scouts.
Any more than there's fags in the church or any other goddamn place.
So only a couple of radio guys, and that's it.
5.670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
I realize that nobody cared the other day when I brought up the thing about the swing clubs again.
And the more I think about it, I think that we are in the tiny minority by the way.
I think we're on the odd people out on this.
George and yours truly.
He goes to him, I just defend him.
It's like it's lifting the same width pot.
He smokes it, I just defend his right to do it.
See, I'm lucky I'm here to defend all the abhorrent things that you do.
I'll tell you that.
That's right.
It's old fag.
It's a damn good thing.
Well, your fags are okay with me, even though I'm not into it.
My bag.
I'm squeezing it.
In fact, it's running over right now.
Thanks by the way again to the corporate diner right behind Chili's and their Pompato Park up there.
6300 Powerline Road and Fort Lauderdale.
Fatboy brought in some of good food this morning, some sandwiches without the bread.
And thanks to them.
Yeah, Fatboy came in this morning and said, you know, how much can I be happy to buy your dolphin bills tickets from you?
How much you want for them?
And I just tap it and I have my season dolphin to get to end purple parking passes right over here.
And I reached over because I am such a nice guy.
See, I don't hate fat boy like you do.
As I've tried to say many, many, many times on the air.
I'm not a hard ass like George.
I happen to be a damn nice guy in spite of the, no, seriously, I happen to be a great guy.
I'll tell you that myself, even though I did steal a freight train as a child.
In fact, I still have it in my backyard.
My dogs go in the squirt, squirt, pee on it twice a day.
But at any rate, no, so I just reached over to the bunch of tickets and I got to the bills dolphin tickets there.
And I ripped them out and I took the parking pass out of the purple parking pass thing.
And I handed them to him.
I said, no charge. Here you go.
How do you like that?
And he was like almost speechless.
Almost speechless, I would say.
Fat boy who probably because George hates him like poison thinks that I hate him too.
And I all I did was say, you're well, you're well, you're good.
And that was that.
Fat boy.
Or you didn't even know that I did that.
You were out of the room.
You would have, you were.
That's all right.
He's he's by average on grading on the guy.
That's not what they're saying.
Highly moved up several night.
I hear he stopped by over there a few times.
Yeah, he's moved fat boy just by doing nothing, not by doing anything positive just by standing still, which for him is easy.
If he can stay upright.
But just by not doing anything, he moved up several watches on the list and our sales department once we got tied wrecked.
And then once John penis started regressing, see John penis used to be pretty good.
And the guy he used to actually services to come.
He just brought me into piece of copy.
I want to apologize to Adam Silverstein by the way.
Because you've been replaced very quickly for the worst piece of copy in the history of the human race.
He just brought me in and the only reason he brought in any copy is because screw and was up here about an hour ago.
And I was going, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, you know, it's like a bunch of kindergarten kids.
And you have to a snitch on them to the sales manager.
And she has to go down there and weapon them the ass a couple of times, which you're.
Roll.
And boys out here.
And then all of a sudden they can running up here.
Oh, here's a new copy for, you know, so it's a for that one too.
And you take a look at it and what they've done is taken the old stale copy that's been in there for five months.
And they, you know, moved a couple of sentences around and put a period where a comma used to be.
Okay, here's your new copy.
We sure hope the client gets great results from this.
So between Todd Dreck and John penis fat boys looking better by the minute.
So I gave him his bills to get.
We try to want to talk by the way about that thing about giveaways on the show because last November is when I stopped him early in November I stopped doing giveaways.
We had a great a tremendous fall book.
We had a spectacular winner book and amazingly we recovered from a horrible April to have a tremendous spring book three kick ass books in a row on the show.
After we stopped giving crap away on here.
Of course we probably do have a lot now I did give Joe Costello the jets that's the last game of the season the jets all in tickets and the parking pass for same.
But I have the other one sitting here now and I think we will discuss that today whether I should give away to some of these free loaders or I should give the Joe Costello continues a good guy and also brought me this great letter of the editor wait.
Wait till I read this this is this may be the most important thing.
But nevertheless so getting back to channel seven and the thing if the trapeze is definitely that swing club.
Trapeze two or one of them yeah yeah well that's the one they were showing.
And this was the BS. Oh wow I'm watching MTV on the side okay there a little number there on the beach.
I'm sorry just looked at and the sound too.
But anyway so they show the because naturally the BS so tape the big raid they made on this swing club.
And by the way the school board and Broward says they may reconsider the vote on that the suspensions of teachers may be overturned.
They're fighting for their jobs after the January raid on the swingers club and board member Miriam Oliphant.
I wonder if she's related to the cartoonist you think.
Tom was not his name Tom Oliphant.
Not a very common name but at any rate she said interfering in private lives troubled her conscience.
She asked when did the issue be put on the August 17 agenda for a second look they want to look at it again.
So the channel seven pieces a video tape done by the BSO no doubt or maybe the BSO alerted the media to come there you know they always pull that and tape it.
And here are all the swap team guys I would say there must have been 4500 of them easy.
There were 17,000 of them all in their full swap regalia swap which rhymes of course with right.
It's not.
And they're going in there like I mean you don't know whether to laugh or cry when you see this thing and here come all these poor people out of there you know they're marching them all out and they got they got the brochure from the place over their heads obviously covering their identity because now they have to feel unclean and they so dirty you know.
And you notice by the way every time there's one of these mass these mass roundups like when they do the thing with the the johns and the hookers on this game pull of art and federal highway and they do the swing clubs every single time they do one of these deals there are judges and teachers and superintendents every single time people people from all walks of life good people scumbags you know.
Even good people get horny oh my god wow that's not good news that's right I thought only I thought really a scummy people were or that's where mayor julie Annie says in the york only trashy people want to get laid only really scummy guys want to get their rock saw.
That's what I hear that's what the lord says that's why they keep stoning all those kids to that those rocks come in handy.
Terrible just unbelievable to see that thing that they put on TV that I commend them for putting it on there because even though it's part of their hysterical if it bleeds it makes you nosebleed it leads but never let and by the way Brian Andrews he's he didn't float won't see him no more.
Here are all these grown adults that you're paying your tax dollars for in broward county in swat uniform.
You you would have thought that there were acts murderers inside.
It was the same it was the same deal when they had the kids being killed in little tin in the high school.
Only instead of anybody the only shooting that was going on inside court scored was that kind maybe they must have thought there were some dangerous weapons inside.
That must have been it that's why they had to send the SWAT team over there to round up all these hardened criminals at the tarzan to swing club all you gotta see that before you die you must see that tape it'll make you you won't know whether to cry laugh all the above probably you'll just go like that.
How about those dolphins?
I'm not sure if you have my cash with a big or safety.
Oh right.
I can't say but nobody cares.
If a little place you can't dance you can't sing but she's got a great ass.
Just like Steve Nichol said when he heard Aaron Summers I don't know if she can do a show but boy she sure has a great ass.
How's that show doing by the way so no costellers just lost his dolphin jets tickets very quickly.
I don't want to make him backtrack but he said that it was rip in 98 degrees for being very uncool by doing a video with some you know big boob chicken there he said in that lane anybody can do that.
I don't know anybody male or female who wouldn't be obsessed with that particular video I do like it whatever I do something what is the name of that I do I do I do I do want it badly now whatever it is in there that you like you want it.
Believe me when I tell you am I right.
Oh I'm yeah I would like to.
It's not to like the what is it the Doritos lady whatever the career girl anyway speaking a great music by the way September 15 in Fort Lauderdale so I'm assuming at the Macarena but I don't not sure where else could it be it's got to be.
Yes I did.
Oh my god I can walk over there the back street boys returned from Europe they had 60,000 people at their concert names to them by the way.
There were in Helsinki Finland as they were number one again yesterday on TRL Carson had tears in his eyes as he was sucking up the Kevin how we an a J runner phone I'm sorry Kevin a J in the Brian on the phone.
And the Kevin let it slip with the new single is going to be which I'm very distressed about it's the first cut on the millennium album.
Where is that by the way it's over here.
It sounds like sucks to be you larger than life that's going to be the new single and I'm sure that will eventually get around to show me the meaning of being lonely which is the best song on the album but the next one's got to be very much like that the back streets back not good but nevertheless that's the new single.
So there are a concert to her starts at the macro in the September 15 tickets go on sale by the way August 14 some of us will be getting free tickets and back to her paid passes and pages.
December 1st they're going to be in Orlando December 2nd in Tampa just in case there's anybody listening around the state.
Yeah that's the way we feel about it but don't take it personally by the way I'm very depressed about the horrible showing we had on the four Myers don't try to make us feel better Joey see in Joey Z that's Joey Z that's not.
Is it that's the only Joey Z I know we had a two share there meant 25 to 54 that we're like number 17 out of five stations not to great that's trying to make us feel good you know but I'm not surprised that those those pickers are there most of them the long listen to show why how would they.
They're into red next up they like that red neck they're real red necky stuff they like that a lot.
So anyway there's the back street boys situations September 15 that'll be the first the very first concert and you realize you do understand why they're doing that because I live about 10 blocks away and they wanted to you know to move on close to where I am.
We're going to send a Rick shot to carry you a Rick Shaw is going to bring him over oh he better get that cap cap clean they'll kick his ass out of there.
Rick Shaw wouldn't know the back street boys from the main street okay that's what he knows he's still trying to figure out who the bg's are they're a little bit too recent for him.
Ricky Tiki but at least he don't steal other people's material like Paul Castrenova let's let's let's direct our special.
Hatred not that's a strong word our special distaste I don't hate him I just he's too he's too pathetic to hate.
In fact there's nobody in the local business that I hate there are people I just feel sorry for like sunny Fox is not a good example that's a great example now what do you want
to do? I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I've not a bad guy. Ain't nobody called me this year. I've not a bad guy. But this is all about the fall grade new or high school last year. I'm not a bad guy. All the girls of schnitzelart. I don't know, don't do like that. Say that, now everybody is going to be calling, and throwing a second round, I don't sure what do I care what do I care what do I care. I don't.. yeah, there's nobody callin' in any way. You'll notice, I'm not in any way. You'll notice, I'm not in any way. You'll notice, I'm not in any way. You'll notice, I'm not in any way. You'll notice, I'm not in any way to go to a bunch of calls here today. Ive figured out what it's all about this summer. Okay. The next month. This business of
calls after the last couple of days we've had on the show with those two little
uhulios out there all the misfits those are the only people we hear from
because everybody with a brain they're out of town
except of course for that great guy who took this off on castronova thank you
sir he was a good guy let me prove it to you here's Miami hello
yeah me how are you doing okay sir yeah i woke up to that crack or park
after all we're talking to that woman and i think it's disgusting that she
gets on the air and so that she does a little for money oh wait a minute they're
showing the making of the video i do with 98 degrees go ahead sir
yeah and um you know that crap of the psychic isn't even working at ruined
families and the second thing is i thought our goal see last night
and i've never seen anybody more perverted or more hellish than that
long live all right yeah i'm sorry are we on a year
and he and Joe are sitting there will you know maybe you had a point maybe
you had a point at 98 degrees everybody's naked net video
even at albino who ought to keep as much clothes on as possible please
now you notice that they don't show him naked because oh my god can you imagine all the meals
meals before your puberty would come back
see in that albino naked here we go
this video is better with the volume on it no you're absolutely wrong that's the great stop
oh are you gonna are you gonna start again just when you were finally making a little bit of progress
okay you keep the you keep the guy in audio down and i'll keep
video too oh the only way i could do that
your jacket no tickets to bed he doesn't want some see he doesn't have to worry about it
because he doesn't want any god damn tickets
how can you be not in 98 degrees
yell at crap that limp crap
when an adult wants it to be there would be six guys wanting to hear that part
or it's not Charlie Jenner's part that's another side
you get him out of there too it'll work
i'm the best of one
then there's three of his our group because the nick here the one on the line he the one that
really sings like the lead vocals in the background vocals maybe he's the whole group
the other guy Jeff he looks good and he's his brother he can stay in there but other than that
oh and there's albino
oh thank god for it to be the only thing that's gonna keep me through the summer in his
god for a second place i'll pick that right now thank god
rip TV because of the hell i think thank god for
time to get rid of this hot sim
what does it mean?
time to get the party
you're out
i want to go get the event
i want to get to the party because it's great
i think it's good
oh you're out
you're the only one that's a young guy
i love it the one that's really nearing it to you all to him
take a look at it take a look at that push
you know what i'm talking about
are they trying to say that they have to be a good looking guy to marry something like that
do it all by all
that's so
what i'm talking about
oh you came down there wanting to give you a lot of songs man i said it right now
so it's the same as pretending he's not in the type of music
pretending
we're coming to the scene on the carpet
and we're leaving uh watermelons
i'm the best umber i'm the best
we are the most good to know
well this is great that's just right to get
trust some good energy i think i'll see you
yeah
if you're asking i love you this much
if you're asking i love you this much
i'm not a fact that you're afraid of putting it in there man
if you're asking to know i love you this much
i'm just glad i'm not
i'm the best
the best
the most
if you're asking
and you're
i'm waiting so long
to say this to you
uh
if you're asking
you i love you this much
yeah
baby
here we go here's my i love
of course for anybody
this video before what's the significance of it
man i was just put that girl in my living room rug
that's my girlfriend i just proposed her
that's the
oh my god i don't want to create any uh
ill feelings out there but never ever put an albino in your video kids
where is hell
things up like the book shan and my eyes go big and brown
they're both
we get my feet now
we have to fold them down
i love the presentations
of strange hands on my thighs
it's like a new edit shot
i see don't stay too tight
the times they take their clothes off and start dancing in the aisle
well i know that i should make them stop
but it always makes me smile
if i pull her in your style
every day i have night
i'm riding a wimp and loco
i'm sweating my hips and my
riding a wimp and loco
they scream they cry they
one of the three is an albino girl
it's making me so rich
riding their wimp and loco
let's be my car's on polka
i'm riding a house in polka
all right 1047 at 560 wdqm and more what you'd rather see
ricky martin doing one of those baggy dances in those tight plastic pants
or at 98 degrees video over and over again
is that a tough question or what
is that tough?
no is it hard?
oh i bet
so anyway let's start out with the saints game on friday august 13
now stop and think about this okay
november of last year i finally
had it right and like Brian Cox will say
up to here up to here right up to there
right up to where that kid has got his finger in his nose and
picking his brain in that spot
you haven't seen that yet or you have just another shot
oh did they?
it's great it's my favorite
if he could just pick a little bit higher he could make a whole right where
Greg weeds got his two they could rub their matching holes together
but at any rate
that is my favorite of all time
so we stopped giving away this stuff because it was getting ponderous and
crappy and we get it i mean you know it's okay to make fun of a
bunch of uh... sucklings for a while but after and then that one guy never
forget as long as i live there's certain calls that just stand out in my mind
that i'll never forget and one of them with the guy that says
well you know we don't make a lot of money like you do we like free things
yeah well guess what the show is supposed to be about entertaining the
audience give them a few laughs getting a little pissed off crazy whatever it's
supposed to be not about giving you free things
that's not entertaining that's bad radio
like most of the radio in this town that's real bad radio uh-huh you know i'm
talking about real bad so we didn't do it uh
starting early november and through the fall book like i said
a monster book and out here we are it's almost a year later
have given away nothing how many was it just two days ago they were asking us
uh... oh you want to give away some some concert tickets for some crap you
don't want to know because then you get upset it might be something you want to
see what was it for
Dylan and Simon oh Bob Dylan and Paul Simon and the Moody Blues
yeah or the Moody Blues anybody wants to see the Moody Blues no no i mean the
Moody Blues were great a hundred years ago
they're probably what like 96 years old by now i would think
i'd rather see 98 degrees than 96 years old if he acts me
so we didn't give that away either and it makes her a hell of a while
it just crap here and people make up all these stories and get
underneath and do you i mean like i said it's okay from a real sadistic point of
view to laugh at these poor bastards for a while
which we enjoy a lot by the way but nevertheless it gets a little ponderous
after a while especially the women we never hear from women ever on this show
except this lady mobile in bokeh hello hello yes ma'am hi Neil how are you
i'm a first time caller great has been been listening to you for years uh-huh
and he said you're gonna and you're gonna embarrass me so bad if i call you
why is that but i because he thinks you don't like women
because we're stupid that's so he feels that well maybe that's his opinion
i know you don't take our women of course you married him
you could say there you go i know i went and found 98 degrees
and i i'm not a little kid and they were great right they are really
they are great i mean don't pay attention to your just taste as in the
tauti okay he wasn't sitting there yelling me telling me i'm sucking up to you
no you're not because you know i love the dolphins and you know and i paid a
god i pay to go see my dolphins i don't need free tickets good good good good good
you scared us you scared us for just a second there because
your new is convinced that being a lady on here right now you were going to
suck around for free tickets that's what you said right now i i pay for tickets
right my husband doesn't go but i do and i pay for my ticket
well i'm thinking that i don't pay for anything i love my dolphins right i don't
need free tickets but that's great good but anyway i just i love you show my
husband's been listening to you for like 10 years
and i just this 98 degrees you know that they wrote they're good they're great
good and and yeah i'm waiting to tighten up you know my husband's just can't
go fly tell him to tell him you're doing fine you don't need any help there in the
background you don't need the Paul went to live back
i'm doing funny telling me all as long as you stick
as long as you stick to nick and jeff with 98 degrees you okay and tell your
husband that the answer is a positive you know have a great day
see he's the one in the back how about those tickets the answer is sir oh no no no
see she was she was hinting around but of course that she was she was testing the
she was sticking her toe in it yeah just to see how hot the heat was on this side
it was real hot sweetheart you never know and of course that's why i do it every
once in a while so like like fat boy he thought at first of all he was
positive i would say no i'm not gonna set you those bills often tickets
because you're gonna go there root for the bills
and you're fat of course i'm fat too not as fat as him he makes me he makes me feel a
lot better about myself you know by the way he was running a shirt today
there was button so tight that like the button is gonna pop off any second
do you notice that or you didn't look closely enough i can't blame you
especially before we ate that great food from that joint from the Acropre Diner
at 6300 power line road and fort Lauderdale so you give these people a couple of
plugs here and there and then all of a sudden you got more good free food
just take it from me all your kids out there like dine's here i would say
i would say i'll teach you how to get the free stuff
like with sex i mean no if you want to pay for it if you that desperate it's okay
but free is a lot better um sometimes
five six seven oh five sixty pound and of course
watch out for that swatting they're gonna be running there right in the
middle of your sex act they're gonna be rushing in there of course they won't be
looking because they don't want to get too embarrassed
i'm gonna read this great facts and the only reason i'm not taking back the
jet stop and tickets from jokas tello as much as i love them
the only reason i'm not taking them back is because he brought me this
back from us today this is a letter
because for him to be knocking the 98 degrees video would be like my sitting
here knocking the Britney Spears video when i was the first one by the way to
catch that the crotch shot the crotch picking shot
how come i'm the one that sees all the i'm supposed to be the old man
according to junior in there but i'm the one that doesn't miss a thing baby
i don't miss anything because you're a lusterous man that's exactly right i'm
an old pervert with lots and lots of practice whatever they say about me it's
true multiply at times ten and i'm proud of it and i store
freight train i do like that yeah and i'm proud to sit here and tell you that
i don't put on some act like some god damn
holier than now goody two shoes i'm a scumbag
and proud of it i just do the dnh i do no harm and do anybody i can that's
good and believe me i ain't doing that bad
so anyway this letter says in u.s.a today
from joe c biggini is that big it makes no difference in hinton west
for jenia i want you to listen very carefully to this letter i'm going to
read i know i read a lot of stuff and you don't pay any attention and it's
boring but i want you to listen right now in fact maybe even paul castor
nova can take some notes because he is sitting there with his legal pad in his
pen right now picking notes from the show to see what he can steal the moral to
try to make for an interesting show in between ron brua reading all that
ponderous news i mean does he ever actually come on on that show
castor over i mean right i've punched it up a few times and it's ron brua
bap bap bap bap bap it just goes on and on and on
and believe me ron brua castor nova omelet all of them they only wish they had
the sucking uh and i'm not going to lie about it i wish
i would trade shoes which were all Griffin not color i would trade shoes in a
heartbeat they could have this crappy show i'll take that psychic uh
die hotline in a heart in a second it's not too late can you imagine the
money that they're ricking on that piece of crap is there a psychic gay hotline
yet gay male i mean it's that boy scott's number
yeah they're rubbing their sticks together
over the phone anyway listen to the mod better do the break because i don't
want to interrupt myself it's a great i want you to tape it i want you to write
it down now because it's maybe the greatest letter that was ever written in
terms of and i want to apologize to the dumb people in the state of florida
because at least you're not alone it's true
i was saying that i went after the show yesterday i went and take a leak in ego
was in there actually took a leak next to ego yesterday
i did not look to see if he really has a penis because i don't care
i think he might yeah it's kind of like
new old now there's a word you don't see every day
it was so new old that almost hurled but at any rate
no seriously he's a good guy i think is he
is he a good guy no and i was saying something about boy oh boy were they
dumb today he said oh it's not only here and i thought to myself you know he's got
a point this is a dumb freaking country man there's so many god damn stupid idiotic
dumb idiotic jokes 1056 at 560 wqm can be killed a whole hour already
haven't said hello yet even god i like this i like to do the show this way
let me talk let you people listen you might learn something i'm the one that's
got something to say not those three little holios they're out there searching
for a part searching for a spare part god i can't stand those punks
fact i'm gonna take a poll on that i'm gonna ask myself i'll do the voting
which is the most despicable Andy from hollywood
Greg from pointin beach the guy with the eyes or those three little holios that are
busy rubbing where they're supposed to be something that they can't find
it i think yeah just keep rubbing it okay maybe it'll grow
this is Debbie hi Debbie i'm interested in getting some operations done okay and some body
contouring and some liposuction and i was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the
lip augmentation doesn't make the best surgery face gift for all of these things
and i was wondering well you like to start with well i need to get everything done probably
the first thing i'd like to have removed is my my thing okay we don't do that no could you do
breast implants though uh it can't be done but i know they would do it right away it puts the
lotion in the basket yes how much uh five thousand excellent i'd like to have my skin resurface too
laser surgery have the lamb stop crying yet mommy thank you do you drink don't hurt mommy's little baby
it puts the lotion in the basket i'd like to get the liposuction that i saw it to be okay
can you make me look more like a woman well we'll have to see you first and then upon looking
actually we can tell you that we'll only see you should i wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy
yes if you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket would you like to make an appointment
yes okay um there is a hundred dollar consultation fee that's fine
okay okay um my name is buffalo bill okay let me give you a little information from you okay
okay it's not probably right it's not the lotion in the basket i understand it puts the lotion in the basket
do you want to come in for a consultation it's not the lotion in the basket okay
do you would you like to make an appointment or do you want to call me bad yeah what's the
lotion in the basket i understand i got my skin suit and it looks like
bill it puts the lotion in the basket i understand that what you like it puts the lotion in the basket
what you like to make an appointment it puts the lotion in the basket okay i will talk to you
in a time okay it puts the lotion in the basket hello okay trouble what is it 105 it's a
1103 at 560 wqm don't monkey ride with that time there are a lot of people out there
who have pond their watches because you do a good job of giving that time a lot to them as for that
hi to Jeff who's listening in uh mortal beach south kira line that we have a facts from
this thank god for real audio thank god for Jeff little beach who cared enough to send us the facts
all the way from up there in yanom'sville so anyway before we get to that letter from USA today
you notice i'm gonna milk that for about an hour and a half before i even get to it we got something
maybe even almost as good and that's the tape from power 96 this morning of the great confrontation
between jriffin and the highly jealous and very minimally talented podcast ranova
good morning and thank you for calling clear channel communication
you're already the top please hold operator hi there uh podcast ranova please is bowgrip in calling
hello hall hello yeah look at the podcast ranova is bowgrip in uh okay one second
blue spline can i help you blend this bowgrip for Paul castanoga really yeah
all on just a minute thank you you want to talk to him on the air yeah and i'm i'll be
recording him as well okay hold on is that what do you think it is it's bowgrip in mr.
castanoga hello bow you don't even have no bow me wait a minute now i thought you loved me i thought
you loved your beautiful black newbie and queen now you talking smack about me wait a second now
don't you know i think you're a beautiful wonderful woman however we can't believe how you
fell out of that psychic network and uh no because we're not really believers well you said
that on the radio show talking crap what's the difference lady we're not charging people
but we want you to know what but see maybe that's why on those info worship one of those uh
the psychics as you call them yeah with something that well wait let's let's take the edge first
of all if you if you want to do this because i'm just calling you so we can discuss this take the
edge out of your boys and take the attack out of your boys and we can discuss that one for me that
was wrong okay you tell a ron the back off he's very active okay now let's you and i talk about
we can talk about this like all i think she was bringing it to us because she was just being
friendly and then being like i don't know i don't know you know baby that kind of she said we talk
crap on the air well i'm trying to figure out what's going on what's going on you guys getting
warning into all the data listeners who are back at board the power 96 is how i found out
yeah what are you doing are you listening to us or what now like i said i apparently we're
sharing a little bit of audience and because some of your listeners called over here to tell me
like bo girl they're talking crap about you this morning so apparently but you know how it is
on the dial okay well believe so let's not be comfortable now now both a nice person but
we were just we had a guest on from channel four or for 48 hours whatever to you a cvs about
that's going to be there i'm sure on psychic stuff and i was saying that the psychic people have
these stock questions that they ask and they we've had millions of them on they go so do you have
that thing is there someone named Michael in your life and everyone's like yeah then it's just
to me it's like a please and then i get on how your name came up okay all right well then that's
that fast legitimate whatever legitimate i mean i mean there's the psychic but aren't legitimate
well yeah of course they are now here here to deal with where psychic's are concerned it depends
on where your own head is that and and particularly now there's some great psychics now i can
turn you on to some psychics in a rocky world and blow your mind it's for you that you cheat
none your wife now you know we'll see that's what i'm saying it then you've got some that ain't
you know they're not good you know the name so it just depends on what your frame of reference is
that i do know some really great ones now when you call up on the psychic line unless you request
and some of the some of the more popular psychics and no i can't guarantee who you're going to get
are you a psychic no i just hope to show you make a lot of money i know you do
and you better not be mad at that i'm not when you when you when you when you just come on the radio
right now it gets that some of them aren't very good but you're out there promoting it and it's
costing people money well you know what do you see the disclaimer at the bottom of the screen
that says for entertainment purposes only it does say for an actor for me it does i mean you know
to me so if you're an adult number one you have to be 18 to make the call and then after that
it's up to your own discretion i mean if you're an adult you make choices in your life i guess i am
you know i mean i mean only idiots i mean maybe maybe only idiots would take a look at a commercial
like that and now but you know what the other way that i feel about this is that if you wait listen
to this and then you told me how you feel about this point now let's say you go and see a psychologist
and you sit there and you bear your heart in your soul to a psychologist and at the end of the
session they charge you a hundred and fifty dollars and you have learned one thing about yourself
and it's okay we'll book your appointment for next week instead of being illuminating and clarifying
and giving you some real advice what is the difference if they keep you from putting a gun to your head
three o'clock in the morning i say go for it well i'll tell you this here's the difference your
insurance company will pay for psychiatric problems but they won't pay for you to call one of the
all super nice like you're not worried about that i'll tell you that's the number one
you're showing that kick his ass who was he
that's the one you're doing that i'll do that for you
and that's my partner's feeling well you know we're doing what we're doing
I'm sure you have a back in nation let me ask you a quick question though every voice over
that you do for a product you believe in every product that you voice over thank you
but you do you know i don't know don't start it somewhere to what's up i don't do voice over
oh you don't do park commercials you don't do chicken you don't do wait you have a million
sponsors on your show now feel it's absolutely right you want me to get over on even on four is
like does the whole thing he has some kind of credibility well i have no credibility he's up
for say others like the rest of us who's he can you're feeding your family on are you making a good
living run is that why you're so bitter is because you're broke
all right goodbye
probably getting hot sex on a brighter you hung out
oh okay did i tell that one
stay hung up
stay hung up what a suck up job that was wow
how many years have i been saying that we're all about a bunch of paid whores how many years
have i said that and let's hear it for Schro Griffin who's got the big ones to say it right
on a year too it would be honey now there is for that little piece of that psychic hotline
that i want
oh yeah
$50
boy
that run bro what what a god damn pedantic obnoxious disgusting
bourgeois asshole oh we're gonna eat two shoes over here we work for a clear channel
yeah that speaks for itself talk about whores
by the way tonight's Thursday night you know what that means
so
tonight on mpv the time green show america's greatest television show here's a fact from
Cheryl a lady who loves the time green show let's hear it
Cheryl maybe we'll hear some other women calling today we like the time green show which means
i got a sense of humor and boy how unusual that is you know i have to really listen to that
crap and with one eyebrow way up to where my god damn bald spot ends listen to castor of them
especially that ponderous a bourish run broo run there those goody two shoes these are the same
people that just had the mayor on there a few weeks ago and suck his ass until they couldn't get
their tongue in any deeper
trying to put over that one penny sales tax which all the rest of us said
oh vehemently no to 68 to 32% and tried to block out the opposing calls based on oh well we
got a lawsuit going we can't talk to them can't give them any airtime cut them off
just like they hung up on show gripping and Felix this morning because they're a bunch of cowards
see at least she had enough integrity and honesty to say she's making a whole lot of money baby
she's a spokesman that's right and it says right on there if you're a schmuck if you're
a consenting adult and you believe in his crap go ahead and call we'll take your money
and say right on there you know just like Ron Popeel he might as well come on there to begin those
informers who say hey you know that pocket fisherman all those other stupid little plastic
pieces of crap that i sold you for 30 and 40 and 50 bucks oh here's another one
this is the only guy that could take two pieces of paper and say oh and if you really enjoy
this machine everything is a machine if you notice that he could take two sticks oh and here's
the Ron Popeel stick machine and people are sitting in 16 easy payments of only 3995 and he's saying
okay yeah all right yeah i'll take your money the house wrong with that they're just
jealous that they didn't come up with a guy named psychic sparts or whatever that hotline is
this week a bunch of hypocritical and addition to which i thought there was supposed to be an
entertainment show isn't it i mean this show it's entertainment it's a whole bunch of things
on this show it's whatever the hell i want but i thought they were supposed to be entertaining
a more in show are they are they like now dictating a morality and uh taste so is that what that's
all about saving the public from itself and just to show you how stupid the public is Paul and Ron
there are people listening to your show although i noticed in this last book not nearly as many
as used to but nevertheless some so how do you like that consenting adults sum enough that
that's that's entertaining so again it ties right in with this letter which i know it's only
taking me an hour to quarter to get to but boy what a good job Neil thank you
oh god excellent look in this in fact even Tom Green never milked anything this good
show see begonee and hinting west virginia says this is a case in point and ties right in with what
we just had yeah he says i'm an adjunctance and structure in a small college and i'm amazed to find
just within the past three or four years that college students know very little the terrible
thing about it is that they don't know how much they don't know for example i teach a class in
which the opening lecture begins where they historical account of the subject that dates to the
ancient Persians not one of my students knew of the person there had ever heard of them we moved on
in the lecture to the Roman Empire not one of them knew anything about the Roman Empire or had
heard of it had ever heard of it they thought the Roman Empire was frank pulley
to my utter amazement i found that none of them had studied american or us history these are college
students they did not know anything about the founding fathers of this nation or why i was founded
almost no one knew who Thomas Jefferson was except one boy who knew that Jefferson had a
home in Charlottesville Virginia but didn't know what he did in life none of them could tell me who
the pilgrims were i questioned them about the hall world war two and about the holocaust but
their only answer was that they had seen the movie shinler's list but they didn't know if it was a
true movie i finally asked them if you don't know the past how are you the future citizens of this
country going to govern the country their answer was why do you have to know the past i honestly
believe that none of them realized they know nothing and were still they don't care that they know
there is the greatest letter the history of america the USA today from an instructor in a small college
and it's not only small colleges it's your major universities it's most of them how many times
in a 23 years i've been on a year here they run those things in the newspaper where they they put
these they these real simple tests out at uofm talk about a bunch of real intellectuals and they
put things in there like the map of the u.s they can't name the states and most of them can't even
find on the map their hometown wonder and the ones who are from here also can't find it they can't
find it in the map either how is it possible to go through life and be so god damn it's amazing to
me and you wonder why we have all these social problems in this country i'm not going to change
this in here go and bet that that down a radio but Jesus Christ somebody's got a point of finger
to it and what a great letter that is they don't know squat the roman empire they never heard of
you know maybe getting out maybe getting out of that 10 block radius might actually do something
for like i'm always telling you about traveling and going to real living and breathing places and
seeing different kinds of people in different parts of the world and it's kind of like oh would
the millions call up the psychic hotline and watch in jerry springer and while the women are
ringing the phones off the hook on channel four ones god damn Oprah coming back on you wonder
is this woman ever said anything of significance in the 87,000 years that she's been on the year
and those idiotic uh smarmy mushy books that she's always promoting on there is there one of them
ever been worth reading no but those women it's a cult and you wonder why they went down here and
I had Kool-Aid with Jim Jones and had the god damn putting with the doh re me uh what are we talking
about here yeah doh re me by solar lots the rest of it yeah the rest of it is the dough that's what the
bow says bow says just give me the dough i'm power 96 nice going bow seeing it i'm talking about this
psychic thing and it ties right in just coincidentally i haven't seen her in months have you see i
haven't seen bow in a month i see her every day why is that because i've won to the halls every
known again let me say it again i haven't seen her in months she used to pop her head into door
down on the second floor and a couple of times i went over there and power 96 nights here but i
haven't seen her in months this morning i see her outside we have a very humorous exchange she knows
i'm having a good time with her psychic dark network and she's laughing all the way to the bank
she doesn't care she's got a good sense of humor we're laughing about it i'm saying lowly
fifty million dollars she's out think about it and she probably could you're just jealous you
losers over there working for a queer channel that's the problem and you know something i'd be
neurotic too i mean i don't work for rocket scientists i mean these people are not bad people
they're nice they're weak they're dumb but they're okay you know they treat us okay we don't have
we don't have that so who the hell are you guys kidding you work and wasn't it interesting they
worked for paxons they work for queer channel they're horrors like anybody else it makes no
difference who signs their paycheck they'll go on the year they're in suck-ass they don't give a crap
and they're putting her down because she's making money from other people stupidity that's
what it's all about basically unfortunately you got something good to sell almost nobody wants it
but if you got some real crap like every time at christmas time i'd come out with some new ugly doll
that people are killing each other or for a walmart and came art because they got to have the last one
oh i got to have it i got to have it give me that cabbage pack now it's so ugly
yeah like your kid probably here's a dear field hello male yes sir i'm a little nervous
but nevertheless uh you're absolutely right i think uh i love bow i think she does great job
whatever she wants to do on the side is fine right uh well back Paul Kesson over reminds me of
early steve cane what what a what a shot it's like it's like he's like he's learning from the
steve cane rulebook i mean he's doing what did he do like breast augmentation on the air a couple
years ago oh did he yeah now he's trying you know now he's calling other hosts and i mean what you
know i don't understand the you know they can't call him uh i'm sure that's true and then they
hung up and ran like like like regdu deal with this yeah remember i did that on jada i was
calling all the people on here and and then the great be dell ran and uh we know he's waiting
tables at some diner i think um and he sure can't complain for lack of publicity i'll tell you
that but nevertheless i've been a big fan of years for a while but the very first time i've
ever heard your show was the last day on am before you went to fm and right um i am so happy
that i recently received well i'm so happy that i have an ability to thank you
right i recently received my diaries all right how we said we love this guy and i'm sure
oh right yeah uh they don't ask you how many you want right you know they ask how many people
in your house you can say whatever you want i'll send you whatever you want right i'm glad you
got all this 40 people in your house so yeah i i i overestimate it i think god bless you sir we love
you greatly i just want to let you know thank you so much and have a wonderful life see we like
that car a lot don't wait uh yeah i hope he's got 700 diaries in the house then maybe we can get some
wired diaries for a change like they did in the morning two trends ago and i've casted over saying
and we know you're listening right now Paul by the way pretty lame effort pretty weak response
and how come since it's your show you know what that would be like they would be like if if
one of the somebody else from the market called us on a year and i led George to sit here and
blah blah blah you know it's your show isn't it casted over supposedly and that only reinforces
what i said the very perspicacious needle head said a half hour before and that is the few times
ever turned them on i don't hear casted over all i hear is Ron Brewer going blah blah blah blah blah blah
right that's all they do he doesn't do any show yeah
you know who you remind me of by the way and i really mean
i really mean
shut up Jim really another pompous asshole huh that's a shot it is a shot that's who
Ron who reminds me of Jim really another guy who thinks he's a radio legend who
thinks he brings something to the table and you know they still got that asshole on over there
Jim really Jim Riley whatever the hell his name is really he goes bet you really on the
you really really right so in other words it's Rick Rick Realey and Jim Riley huh
what a combination that is god damn it yeah Jim really there's a guy who really thinks he
is something and he's another one who used to sit there with Tanner Tanner was the whole show
even though he's become a puxly we've been nevertheless he was the whole show there on y100
and Jim really would sit there and pretend that he was some kind of a talent was he a talent
no no no no as a matter of fact he was a professional Catholic and every time Tanner would make
certain jokes a little bit over the line about abortion or whatever else really would start
blah blah blah doing his thing see i hate to break the news to you but guys who are supposed to
be news guys we're not interested in having you preach to us or tell us how to live or give us your
god damn opinions about life in general just read the god damn news and get out of there
Ron Brewer my ass oh he's so much holier than the rest of us okay thank god for that
wonder how much those two guys are making put together huh
wonder how much those two are taking down you think that maybe shroo and i might be doing just a
little bit better nose two guys just a little bit i guarantee on a bad day when even the dumbest
of the dumb have their phone disconnected they're still making more money on that psychic hotline
then all the rest of us will ever make put together in a lifetime that's why she's sitting there
laughing up her sleeve or whatever she's laughing up yeah she's sitting on there like that
always in a great mood and you would be too if you were making money off the dumb masses out there
already and dumb add dirt
what do you think dumb has me do make a lot more money than you you all be getting
about the added dude if you don't want to put me up there fool i may be ugly but i always get
to avoid making you don't have no brains like the bitch i beat up last night for all i know
might have been your wife there ain't nothing going to happen to be when i stack the bitch and make
good dreams because i know you're gonna want to get placed with all the tension that you got on the game
i don't got no way to face it can't put no sense in to get together
but i make a lot of money if i know how to play the game better and i became a riverant
cause the fact is members of the curgiddle fatal pack is you will worship me as your new love
just because i'm pretty good at playing but the reason i'm a million dollar guy is i'm the big
thing in your life you stay tall since i'm not your band but you be looking at my diet in
you be dreaming about me coming to your house to put a hooker on the lowly in your mouth
i'll be a big dumb add me dude you can get away with anything i wanted to thanks you as far
to all fan i'd you voted this that what i say is true thank you
and and hey why not those preachers how they know where the big bucks are like so it's
jimin tami fe and paul and jane crox they know where the suckers are five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's a wireless palm v chillow
hello you yes sir hey didn't the person give us those fluffy cats right yeah hey um a lot of people
gonna be calling up fucking up for those tickets and stuff but i they better not be they better
not and i'm not going to be that woman was uh she was seriously thinking about it like i said
she was testing the waters just kind of uh you know feeling around the edges so to speak didn't
she know that she didn't have the right equipment to do that no no no hey listen i'm everything
that you stand against um anti gay republican christian that works at bell south yeah where my
yeah right hey i gotta go man rush is coming on soon okay i do a good time okay single five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line he was pretty funny huh huh huh
any worse for bell sharp and he's been diddling with our phone lines two last several months
and we still got about an eighty share how do you like that it's by the volume assholes who think
that you can keep diddling with our lives is it working good yet no no by the way keep taking
our notes david over there on a west coast now keep taking notes of course he's probably listening
on the internet he doesn't live anywhere near our signal but that won't stand in his way
here's a mobile implantation hello hey man how's it going pretty damn good sir well um i think you
heard a little wrong about the uh confrontation this morning well which was looking out
later on i just got through playing it well yeah but i was listening 9498 at the time how would
data was uh they didn't say oh we got to go they hang up on them how did i six hung up on them
and then i turned it over to power 96 to hear what they said about yeah and then they said that
they hung up on them that was so in true that power i fixed it how do we know who to believe we
just played the tape and we could hear the click on the other so somebody hung up yeah but i
heard they both said they both hung up maybe they're both full of crap but it was live on 94 and
how i fixed it and played it after oh i see yeah and well i got a wrong because i think both
are smarter yeah and yeah a rich a rich forter you only wish you only reach your head or money
oh i do okay thank you thanks for your refreshing honesty he thinks that he's a schwarzer oh my god
we better double check that right there that's the average Paul Kastren overlister right there
okay don't tell me about zeta okay he'll wake me up wasn't for me they'd be playing
Hungarian polkas on zeta if there is such a thing maybe playing the zircon
yeah so stick it in your ear okay kiss the ground kiss my picture kiss my fat ass every time
you take your check from those queer channel people Kastren over i'm the only reason that they're
playing goddamn chinese melodies on zeta and that's the god damn truth you can ask that
dvsp polls or even hilltide of the truth maybe but i doubted five six seven oh five sixty so we
stand corrected these guys hung up on them and played the i don't know do we know i don't know
it sounded like they had gotten hung up on yeah sounded like in addition to which she's a schwarzer
no schwarza get it right get get your gender right okay schwarzer is a guy
okay so if you got to talk yetish you're talking to the expert although i tell you who speaks great
yetish on this station not Hank Hank tries a little bit you know but is uh and by the way let's
hear it for Hank yesterday who even though as he said he's on the sports station he ripped an ass
to john henry and anybody who thinks the taxpayers are gonna spend the time to build a stadium
but Ken Maldon's a guy that speaks to great yetish around here as in los m game
i nearly wet my pants and drove off the road that i was saying about los m game that was so good
what were we talking about what was the topic that day about uh another one's will pack
him a sandwich and let him go was it the marlin's whoever it was was great nice going Ken
there's a real guy Ken Maldon another unsung hero he's been through the wars in this town you
can see the battle scars on poor Ken he's been used and abused twisted and he still come out
still comes out standing on his feet so what's that mean honey inquiring minds want to know what
los m game what ever game see you get that you're on a sports station that's all you know is games
games games people play los m game in other words let him go like how we say we'll pack him a sandwich
like if your wife threatens you she's leaving you know los or game wave goodbye through the window
he's pulling exactly five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the 18t wireless
lights on your juice station that's right wju am we got more goddamn jews here we got a
guy for a general manager and for the program director everybody else is a Jew even Joe rose his jewish
oh that's right bifo told me to check this morning but away bifo was out there ripping rimmer
in the hall this month that was embarrassing that we had a great chat in the hall this morning we
were bonding a little bit back usually out there in the morning when you know what it usually
comes down to you know because you you participate in those hand fest in the hall before I get here
I was here a little early this morning but those hand fest usually the guys in the mornings
who are standing around rip and hang got a one to feel better we like to pack it by the way
ankle be here in the studio today from two to six to rip john henry a big ass nice go on humber
six o'clock oh not again another ten thousand people to see another bad ball game last night
oh man they lost again four to one of the fillies uh more marlin's baseball tonight you know the
rumor has it by the way let's take a poll on this I just heard a rumor this morning that fill henry
is now on three hours a night because you know when you do he's sticking all those voices four
hours was too much he was undergoing psychiatric care uh so six to nine L.A. time that's nine to
midnight our time am I correct about that I think I am yeah nine to midnight I think that would
make for some great programming on the station that any catering come on at midnight until you know
five in the morning because it doesn't make any difference those de jenny brick gamblers they still
stay up until they last uh you know betting uh chit has been torn up that's what it's called a
gambling slip is called a chit that's no kidding there is no
hey
You didn't say too much before I was back to try to say
You knew we couldn't win
You hiding, I'm hiding, I'm a real body farmer
In a time that's fine to record your body farmer
A real body farmer
Hey Mickey tell me why you're still a certain type of baby
Hey baby, how sad does it hurt to live on?
That's when, when you scream
There's no proposition to serve on that doesn't
Run the truth without the love that falls to where you hide
Talk for this your foreshadow
Find a mission like a guy
And your foreshadow's a guy
You hiding, I'm a real body farmer
In a time that's fine to record your body farmer
You're a real body farmer
And there's a classic example again
Okay, she's gonna take the money
Although silly people out there buying her records
Getting all excited every time she comes on there with her leather pants
Chicking that questionable thing whatever is in them
Why the hell not?
Wouldn't you take the money?
If there were a bunch of silly people out there saying
Oh my god you're so great, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, all
You'd say it's only 50, and we got it
And they're not gonna get it anyway
567-0560-050560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami, hello
Jesus Christ, that song you can't avoid it
I know it's everywhere, like a cancer
Yeah, before I go into my diet tribe I want to tell you that
Fill is on from 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. art time
So that's what, 7 to 10 over there
Yeah, I think so yeah, yeah, he's got a cold so he hasn't been doing the voices too much
I know
Still a little bit of a connoisseur
Anyway, sir, as usual you hit the nail right between the thighs
Are you sure?
With that piece you just read
10 p.m. to 1 a.m. would be even better, wouldn't it?
The egg would be excellent
24 hours a day, 7 days a week
Are you?
Beats the hell out of whatever we got planned down here except for you of course
Yeah
Can you hear the second sound?
Yeah
Well anyway, with all seriousness, that piece you read
It's beautiful about the ignorance
It ties beautifully into everything you talk about
It's exactly where we got so much fear in this goddamn country
Why if you're a quote unquote fag, you can't do this, you can't be in this
Because everybody's so goddamn ignorant
Right, or if your sparsal like Bro Griffin
Precisely
Like that last, forget about that last call
There's probably John Ford doing a voice
But I'll give you an example
A dumb voice
I like going to the mall and I'm not a pervert
I like going to the mall at the end of the day doing some shopping
I sit down when I'm tired, get a cup of coffee
And I like looking at kids
All right
I like watching young boys and young girls play
Not because it gives me an impression
What do you say kids?
Well you know like toddlers
Oh, seven-year-olds
Okay
You know they got those little recesses in the
The fourth of mall so they can play and do whatever they want
These are hamburgers
Little kids having a good time
Well yeah, having a good time
And it's one of the few things in this world today that brings us out of my face
I love kids, they're beautiful creatures
They're all very beautiful kids
They're eyeballing me
Like I'm some kind of a, like I'm going to go to the mall
A battle group
Well, that's like a teacher
You realize a teacher can't even pat a kid on a back seat
Nice job, Johnny
Great, that's it
Or whatever, and right away
Oh, thanks, you're a harassment, you're going to lose your job
Like I'm going to go to the mall
A bathroom next and rub myself raw
To rerun the romper room or something
Right
I just want to watch the kids play
Now I'm going to get kicked out of the mall and reported
But it's because today with the...
I'm going to wear those green jeans in there though, if I were you
Well, I do wear some tight jeans, but that's not the reason
But it's like if you're a little bit full of color
As centimeter to the left is the right of what they consider normal
You're a friggin' pervert
Right
So what are we going to friggin' grow up with?
We're not
It's just like the thing with the swing clubs
Like I said at the beginning of the show today, I've just seen that horrible footage on Channel 7 this morning
It's a very tiny minority of us who believe that if consenting adults want to do whatever the hell they want
Then it's okay
And the rest of the people are going, oh my god, but their teachers are their judges
Whatever, what the hell they're going to do is that make, who's business is it?
How does it affect anything?
Exactly, yeah
It's the needs in your own life
This idea that sex is so goddamn dirty, everybody wants to do it, but please don't admit it to anybody
Like teenage sex, God forbid the teenagers are sexual creatures
Yeah
You know, so no, we can't do that, that's bad, that's bad, shut it off, shut it off
I'm not shutting it off, I'm watching right now
Yeah, me too, www.youngboys.com, let me tell you
But now speaking of which...
Oh, we got a trace this call by the way George, we got a real pedophile on it
No, I did the Star 67, sorry
I'm sure you did
I think it was probably the Star 69
Well, you know, every chance I get
I want to sit down in front of the freaking computer
For a job, I'm losing myself
And download myself to hell because I don't want to deal with the real world
I'm not the pervert, the real world is the freaking pervert
Right, that's what I'll pedophile say
So let's all move to...
Okay, I'll be in Thailand, okay
Oh, he was doing so well, yeah
I think Phil would be embarrassed, you know
Yeah, but wait a second
5670560, pound 560 on the...
Who was that by the way?
That sounded like a radio person to make, didn't it?
Who obviously doesn't want to be identified for obvious reasons
So I'd be looking out for him, he's probably making an appearance at him all nearby you pretty soon
You know what I'm talking about?
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello
Yes, I'm going to take care of my call
And thanks for making your call
How do you like this last petophile here who finally outed himself?
Oh my god, you should trade that call
Listen, I hate to change the topic on you again
I have a couple of comments regarding the average American college student
And as you can tell by my accent, I'm a crowd-battery, it came over four years ago
And I taught sports in the German school system
And over here in the Bay County Puppet School system
And what I found is that teachers are really not very well respected over here
And there's a lot of social promotion going on
If you don't do your stuff, if you just don't have it, you're not being passed on to the next grade
And it's exactly the case here and in the States
There's pressure from parents at the college level
There's the pressure, there's money involved
And you just want to pass on the students
And that's all the responsible people can't have that
You got it, that's your American way, man
So I said, and we're not going to charge it
I don't know what the solution is
The way it works in New York, I'm sure you're aware of that
It's into a Holland fan, probably not a big Germany fan though, right?
And by the way, in the Netherlands, they have the highest test scores of any company in the world
And with all that weed and with all that sex and all the freedom that they enjoy
They have the highest test scores of brightest young people in any country in the world
Yeah, I think one of the reasons is, after elementary school in Europe
What happens is the school system first puts up, you have a vocational school
You have kind of a middle school and you have a public gynazium
Which is...
Adnazium?
Yeah, it's for people that want to go on to study
So after fourth grade, the teachers sit down with the students and with his or her parents
And they talk about what school system is best for him and her
And they decide whether he should go on to...
To be known as in the high school form or whether he should go into a vocational school
And that way you have students in the school systems that are sort of on the same level
And I've found that it's a much better solution
Here in the United States, you try to cram everyone into the high school system no matter how intelligent they are
You can't...
I used to take those kids here in Sena and what they used to call shop
And now they just make them like Sanford and Sunford, a few episodes
And now you have to know you have gifted programs and all this other crap in the Bay County public schools
And right now I'm teaching at the University here in town and the students I get in my in my German class, it's just a troche
You talked about history for the...
The role of the person, talk about English grammar
You don't make them a doctor?
They can't refuse because you guys are good at that
Neil, I love...
I have a lot of true friends
Right
I love to listen to your show itself
I'm not one of these Nazi bastards from over there
I've got to joke, lighten up a little bit
See, your Germans tend to be a little bit too uptight, relax, loosen up
I love Cologne, Cologne, whatever they do
Oh, I love it, it's a great city
You do?
Yes, I do
I hope they treat you nice thing over there
They do, they treat us great
Why don't you like Cologne?
I like to tell them that it's a little bit better, the unit is nice
I've never been to Monchain, I haven't been there yet
Nice pronunciation, you got the UMA doing there
I love your show and you have to give up a good work
Okay, and Zagazone
Okay, you too
56670560, 0560
I love the German people, the younger ones, the older ones still are like a bunch of Nazis
Here's a fact from Mike and Kendall who says
His opinion regarding several things, A, he first heard I do by 98 degrees
During the videos premiere, I enjoyed the video and the song
So much he went out and bought the album, nice going, Mike
Oh, guy
He says I detest Fudion, Y100 all the way, enjoy listening to J. Alexander's voice
And he commends Schwo Griffin for defending herself during Zagaz morning show
She's entitled to endorse product and services and to make all the money she wants
It reminds me of the criticism he says that Governor Jesse Ventura has taken for participating in a WWF event
Why not, why not, why not, why the WWF not is what I say
We had more people like Jesse Ventura running around who have some idea what life is really all about
We being really good shape
Instead of having to hear a more bull crap about the Clinton sex life
It was the abuse when he was four years old and then he sleep with his mom like Elvis
I mean, talk about desperate, desperate
And you wonder why the people are dumb, do you, Emmy?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60
05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I guess we already kind of ate today didn't we?
Sort of
Maybe I'll get something from truck just before I leave
You know the kind of time you over in the car on the way home
Like some cool cuts or something like that
Thanks again to Fat Boy and you're welcome for those damn bills or dolphin tickets
And I know some of you'll be upset because there's a guy that's going to be rooting for the bills during that game
Too bad
For some beer on him if you have to reform my cover a part of me
Here's Miami, hello
Miami
Hello Neil
Yes?
How are you, Bobby?
No, before I get into like what I want to talk about, I don't know if you caught our bull came up mad on Conan
No, I did not
Oh my god, that fat bastard
We had one spy report
You have to, you had to, I mean there has to be somebody out there who's taped
He was
Oh, I know, I don't want to see you, I wonder how I want to see that
I mean, I see enough of him without seeing himself a grandizing TV appearances
I mean, I'm familiar with Al Stick and you know, his whole thing but I mean
It's Dick
I mean, my jar opened, I couldn't believe I could
I thought Conan was going to jump out of his seat at the door of God
I'm sure Al was ecstatic when you're open
He was as
No, he's trying to break me up here
Anyways, that's actually what earlier, that article about the demifying of American people
It's about how dumb college students are, who hasn't actually become adults someday
Absolutely, listen, I go to school, I mean I work with this one girl who just graduated
Court and Court with honors and you know, needing the aberrant, you know, self-loathing bastard that I am
I just had a way, you know what, I'm just going to test her and see how smart she is
You know, I just go to, I don't even know how many states are in the United States of America
Yeah
She couldn't tell you how many senators and the half the representers
She couldn't say any of these and she didn't tell you how many senators and the House of Representatives
Well, something like that
Oh, okay
You know, really, I'm a part of the system too, you know
Alright, Neil, please
Have a great day
Okay, boy, he ran real quickly, he was doing real good till he got to that
How many senators are there in the year?
It's 1156, 567, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Let's face it, it's the country, it's dumb people with guns
There you go, come on, you can do it
God, that aversion therapy works great
So anyway, we find out who that was, that voice, that pedophile I was on there
Sitting around in the mall, pretending he wants to, he enjoys looking at little kids
And then we find out that he's in the restroom rubbing something
What was that all about?
That was really bizarre, I mean, really bizarre
He's got had a bomb
And took a hit in Woody, act like Cheech and Chong
And give some munchies and make brownies filled with hair
And Woody share it with Jesus and the saints
The highest fire hits
And yeah, yeah, heart is great
And yeah, yeah, heart is good
And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
What has got no cannabis?
Smoke and blood might want a bust
Gives a high on the back of the bust
Just in the nose it's getting stoned
On a grey hump of two rows
To get some bad luck in homegrown
So it's the awful time back to take home
Most of the five Marley on his throne
All right
No fun in heaven if you're so
Yeah, travel to at 5.60 W.Q.M. I feel so depressed right now
I have just received the worst facts in the history of the facts machine
I'm telling you, not just our facts machine in the history of the facts machine itself
That's not the facts norm setting is concerned
Oh, you spoiled it
Oh, I'm sorry
You when you see it you will be sorry
Why do you tell you what it was about?
No, it was gonna be great
You'll be sorry
You'll be real sorry
Not a sorry as he'll be
You know, a norm can for those
He's got a few friends out there including yours truly
Good guy, giant ego, thinks he's a broadcaster
But had a great battle with cancer
He's doing great, completely cancer-free
He's sounding good, he's feeling good
He's growing some of his hair back, he is ready to rock and roll
That's great, that's the good news
The bad news is that even after this 6 or 7 or 8 month battle, whatever it's been
Norm still can't rid himself of this obsession
He's got the idea, the notion that he has, he put the notion in the basket
That he's a broadcaster
Because of those days on the light bulb
Well, here's the ad from Al Goldstein that was in Screw Magazine
That's the Al Goldstein on late night with Conan O'Brien, August 4th, etc.
And Norm has very cleverly taken this ad
Crashed out late night with Conan O'Brien and crossed out Al Goldstein
Or anyway, it says Al Goldstein has never been on the Craig Worthing show, but Norm can't will be
Late night with Craig Worthing, August 5th, 1999, 7pm on WSR-something, somewhere on your dial
Thursday, today
Norm can't's premiere return performance
Even Mark Mosley is embarrassed by that
Even he is humiliated, Norm can't on the Craig Worthing show on the station
1970 on the dial right next to that new sports station, more laughing and laughing right next to that one
Tell us for all by the way, that was a great job and Paul's a real asshole and we hit him like poison
How do you like this? I mean, Norm can't, here's the guy that just battled miraculously
They took a 15 pound tumor out of this man's puppet, okay?
And to his credit fought like a trooper, he has completely cancer-freeze undergone all the tests, the bull and marrow, great news for everybody
We wish him all the best, he's doing great sound and great like his old self
And unfortunately, this part of his old self has reared its ugly head
Oh my God
You know something, at this point of my life, there's only one thing I can say
Where is Delta?
Oh
5,670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line, we got 200 or 300 open lines here, you better get in there on this show
Because otherwise I'll start talking about this spokesman and the last great move made by the Panther organization
Which I know none of you care about
Yeah, this is a great town to have a hockey conversation in, that's why I keep asking that question by the way
Where is Delta?
Because finding a hockey fan in this town is looking like for a needle in a haystack
Like looking for an IQ of better than ten at the U of M
Looking for somebody that's not taking wind surfing and basket weaving at BCC
Oh they love us over there at BCC, like I said, what a great institution of higher learning
They got the best damn basket weaving class in America
Wind surfing's getting up there too, pretty good
It blows, 5,670560, pound 560 on the mobile
I'm just, you know something, I'll just sit here and just let the adrenaline kind of like run out of my body now
After that tremendous rush I just had from that facts
Wooo
Here's Delray B, chill out
Hi Neil, yes sir
I have a Spire Report on our Goldstein
Yes
First of all, they came out there and he sat on the chair, it looked like he's smuggling a water bit
And he went, first of all he admits that he smokes pot in a hash all that he was in Amsterdam
And he blew, Carlos bought ready to stop the show then
Why?
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, but it gets better because he tries to plug his magazine and I couldn't believe it
They bleep out, screw
And he goes, just please, everybody check out my website
Oh my, wait wait, are you serious? In other words this man, I take back what I said about norm candus facts is pretty good
I mean compared to this story because the only reason he went on with Howard and Conan was the shamelessly young school of megastonic
It killed me, I couldn't believe it
You see his big sat mouth go, screw.comyhere.com and I'm like oh my god
W-W-W-W-Dot, mag.com
Neil, I stayed up for this poor bastard because I just wanted to see what this guy looked like
He matches the voice, everybody out there, the voice matches the face, what a mess
Anyway, so then
Yeah, I love you Neil
Okay, get this then, he reaches over, he reaches over and he had his hand on his crotch I guess
Right
And he had his own hand on his crotch
Oh, it's a cover word, yeah
He had a big cigar on one hand and he reaches over for the other cigar and he had a Conan chump, he flipped
And then it was a mess
I don't blame him
Because that guy, you know, you do understand, he was not joking about that, that Alan is so desperate that anything that's alive
Even little animals, I mean, he said I was, he goes I would like to perform more effects on you
I mean, it's flat out on the show and by this time Conan is like, he doesn't know what's his thing
He doesn't know what that held him
And his little sidekick to work on the side just like oh my god
Good, well deserved too by the way, but they bleeped out the screw magazine
Oh my god
I felt so sorry for him, and on top of this
Too bad Alan didn't hold up to Dan Bed and Jerry's fish food, the Kennedy and everything
You know what he held up? You know what he held up?
Pulled out of his ten dollar brown leather jacket, it was so, I'm sorry, the guy is just a mess
He picks out his, he pulls out his freaking New York City taxi cab license
Yeah
And he's part of that thing
Okay, well, he had a good time pal, thank you, this guy is speechless
And to date, club you more on
5670560, but that's the second time we saw
Roy
Today, what the hell is he on?
5670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line
Well, he did get a little excited, I grabbed that black instrument we have over in the counter
When Roy was in here this morning looking for some sky tape
Here's a mobile in Miami, probably trying to tape up those blisters that keep recurring on OJ's hands
Yes sir
How are you?
Pretty good
Hey, can I talk about the podcast run over with an asshole here?
Go right ahead sir, take all the time you want
Actually, I've been meaning to tell you this, it happened a couple of years ago
In fact, can you do a good job at it, we'll give you your own show to talk about this every day
Oh, thanks a lot
A couple of years ago I worked at a TV station and on the weekends and the sky calls up and he said
Can I talk to my sister Linda?
She had worked there and I said, well who's this?
He said it's a poll, her brother Paul Paul Kraft, castronova
Yeah
And I was speechless
And I said, without misconduct, I said, Neil wants you to stop stealing his material
He says, who is this?
And I told him what I was in that
So, while we're waiting for his sister to come to the phone, I said, by the way, what do you think of Roy?
Well, this was when Phil was relatively new
What do you think of Phil Henry?
He said, I think his act is tired and worn out
Oh my God!
Oh!
I do!
And then you have any idea how much of Phil's stuff that he is stolen?
Well, I don't listen to him, I never did and I haven't seen him
But I'm talking about back when Phil was here to make it even worse
Well, that's what he told me and he was quite serious
He said, I think it's a tired, worn out thing
I think all of us in the industry are honored to be critiqued by such a great, honorous, honorous broadcaster is Paul Kraft and Nova
Well, I haven't listened to him, I never have, I never will, and you're God
Okay, I have everything
And don't forget, all that collected, nothing like a good omelet, but too many that cholesterol kill you
Can't think for sh**
I've got no idea he's done
And I think we can't pull this down
I left a piece of...
I've also pulled on this down, now
But I'm a say, I'm a say, I'm a say again
Oh!
And I am done, I'm a say, I'm a say again
Pull my gun out
And she's there bring down
I'm a good Christian.
Everybody wants that to be a way.
So this won't get done.
So it's the end of A.
Yeah, they're doing a global move on in TV.
So it seems like we're a little bit distracted.
It's 2015 at 5.
60 WQ down to one call on the board.
Hey, we were rolling along, singing the song.
And it goes back to what I would say in the very beginning of the show.
And that is that I consider it a given way these stupid dolphin tickets.
And have these phones lit up for today.
And look at that.
And the one line we did have that's gone now anyway.
No calls.
Two hours and 15 minutes it took.
And it calls.
They're all gone.
Everybody went.
Bye-bye.
See ya.
And actually we've had a pretty name good show here today for two and a quarter hours.
I would say an excellent show on a scale of 10.
I give it about a nine and a half.
I didn't know Paul Castro and over show, but nothing's perfect.
We haven't used anybody else's material yet that we haven't get credit to.
I'm pretty good for that.
She won't think about me when I steal something from somebody else like.
I'll tell them that's something we stole from their concerns.
And we steal a lot from their concerns.
No.
And that's just payback for them playing that vocal song all those years that really originally belonged to us.
But guys who blatantly steal stuff from other people and pretended it was their material in the first place.
And yeah, we have vocal Brian comes up with a lot of great stuff.
And I don't pretend that I wrote it and satellite comedy network and American comedy network.
And I'm not ashamed to say that other very creative people made that funny stuff.
And we use it on a show.
Great.
And we pay them.
And we pay them for the right to do it.
That's right.
Because we don't have the wherewithal or the time or the if we had the ability.
You know what I'm saying?
We'd knock Paul Feet down his throat.
In fact, we're sending what's his name.
Roar!
And he looks over there to do that tomorrow.
Ticking on our good French co-grip.
And just because she's making so much more money in one week than you'll ever see in your lifetime.
Fatso, big shot, hockey maven.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Got those dolphins, same stickets, baby.
How about that opener, huh?
Any interest?
No.
Good.
And Joe Castell never came back by the way for the rest of the tickets.
He's got those jets, stickets.
He's like, I guess he kind of slinked out of here real quick after he made that boo-boo.
On the 98 degrees video, that was a bad boo-boo baby.
It looked like a boo-boo.
And there's a couple of boo-boo's right there too.
A couple of jigger boo-boo's there also.
Yeah.
Oh well.
There's something for everybody on there.
What's wrong with that?
Oh-ho-ho.
Well, just as I was speaking, I'm happy to be some dark, complexed young ladies on there.
Shaking their boobies, okay?
They're jigger boobies.
And what's wrong with that?
Here's D'Areal.
Hello.
You're sharp as ever, Neil.
Sharp as a monster, man.
But I admit that they have an instant.
And they smoke Griffith as the one that put me over the top.
She gave me the courage to do this show today.
Well, this is not going to listen to you at the day to day and even before that, it's just that you don't lose a step.
You get better as time.
That's right.
Like an old wine.
Incredible.
A little wine-ing the queen, yeah.
No giveaways.
Absolutely.
You know, that's not great we've been doing since I cut out the giveaways.
Yeah, no chance.
Like some people think I'm smart, like Frado.
I know what it's all about.
And people calling out with their fake story.
Yeah, that's right.
You know what that's called?
It's called buying an easy show.
Like when we used to give away those x-rated videos and give away these stupid ball game tickets.
It's not interesting.
Listening. It's pathetic.
It's tragic.
It is pathetic.
And you know the people there.
You know they're sucking up by the way they're talking and beating around the bush.
But you know what they're doing.
They're beating them all right.
And...
Especially when we used to give those videos to them.
Kind of, you made me laugh when you, that lady earlier, she said she was testing the water.
It's kind of puttin' her toe in the water.
Oh, you could tell right off the bat.
Because you know how many women we get calling this show.
When I saw a woman on there, almost immediately after I mentioned about the dolphin.
There was no doubt in my mind.
Yeah, and I thought George...
No, no, no.
I thought George, if by some miracle you do give away no women allowed.
Because they don't call you.
They only call you when there's giveaway.
When they want something perfect.
Absolutely.
And in addition to what's not going to they call me, they don't even admit they listen to this show.
You know these diaries that they get.
They put down there listening to life and their closet's sneaking listen to this show.
Yeah, there's no way of presenting.
Give me here prison bitch.
I'm only listening to life.
But can we hear prison bitch?
Absolutely.
And no interest in Marlon's or dolphins.
I'm through with sports.
I've turned a new leaf there.
No more sports.
It's basically a waste of my time.
Exactly.
And the dolphins have let me down for the last 20-some odd years in the Marlon.
I want to say just one thing only about the dolphins.
And that is that the big up that it built up this year is so gigantic and so...
And those promos that they're running over with Jimmy.
And I came here for one reason.
And everybody's getting on this station.
Oh, they're loaded.
And they're this...
I mean the hype is so great that if they don't call almost undefeated and certainly go very deep
and probably to the big dance this year, these people are going to be psychotic.
Well a lot of people are saying that it was four years in the U of M, four years in Dallas.
And then now this is the fourth year with the dolphins.
Trust me, there is no chance the dolphins are going to win this year.
I'm less likely to be the Super Bowl.
And I'm the most optimistic guy.
But you know, you've got to know when to cut your losses short.
Got to know when the fish in Cubs bait.
All right, Neil.
Have a great day.
Hey, let me see anything by Brad the Booker Belmont would be good.
All right, let me go.
All right, let me go.
Oh, I love that thing by the way.
We haven't played that in a long time.
Now that we gave somebody those...
What is that called?
What does that thing called?
What are you talking about?
The Brad the Booker Belmont, you think that's often the Buffalo fights on?
Oh, it's the bills.
Oh, I see I got the bills.
The bills are off my list because nobody gave those tickets away.
I don't want to say you've got them.
That's what I want.
I don't want to say a bill thing.
That's what Buffalo has to put ball peeing the greatest in the land.
Oh, and everybody thinks they're great.
I say Billy, huh?
The Buffalo Bill's not enough for what?
See what I mean?
So just sing along.
When you say my amy, when you say Buffalo Super Bowl,
and you're the Buffalo Bills, Buffalo Bills,
the Santa Cranes team and the history of human race,
Santa Buffalo Bills, the greatest in the city.
Since life's spread and can be here.
Yeah, there you go.
And your chance up that redneck stuff,
they look at that banjo.
Holy sweet God, listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bills,
you don't sound so redneck, you do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you a bill fan?
Here we go.
Where's the Buffalo Bills and the best team?
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times,
which is what I can say for this scum circumcision.
And they're at the greatest.
Like they really like their uniforms.
They share his hellbeat that heck out of having a fish on the helmet.
That's the standard Buffalo whole bills.
The best football team, what I ever seen,
in the history of my life they ought to.
Buffalo Bills, that's Buffalo Bills.
The whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarter back of the league.
Yeah, everybody that's Buffalo Bills.
They're the Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around,
longer than the stinking rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills, what would you rather have as a pet,
a Buffalo or a fish?
You know, I'm just playing that,
and I think of that comment that allegedly cast it over made.
And I had the reason to make it up either.
That Phil's act was old and tired and stable.
I don't know what he said.
I mean, Phil Henry's got more talent in the fingernail of his tiny little finger.
The nail on his, the little toe on whichever foot.
The mat man has gotten his big, putsy body.
Here's your guy that has never had anything original in his life.
Even the air that he breathed,
it's pre-breed, somebody else tried it before he did it.
That's how unoriginal he is.
And he's taking shots at Phil Henry.
And Phil Griffin, who makes more money in four seconds than he does in a lifetime.
I'm not jealous.
I just wish, like I said, I would have gotten a little piece of the action,
but more power to her.
Phil Griffin.
5, 6, 7, 0, see, she's got two things that you don't have, Paul.
One is a lot of money, and two is a sense of humor.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello.
Mobile and Hollywood.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm coming to give you a nice little pig report.
East of University on task.
You've got two of them sitting there just picking us out of the water, man.
Just bus to be going 25 over the speed limit.
So that's going to cost me a nice little pretty penny now.
I've got to shell out to them again, then.
So I'll let you guys know.
Be careful out there, man. They're out there full force.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
All right, Neil. You take care.
And watch out for those, those, those, uh, SWAT teams.
That'll be next.
They're going to have the SWAT teams when they got the, uh,
the radar, the porkers out there.
Then they'll have the SWAT teams come barreling in on you from all different directions.
Oh, you were going 15 and a, uh, 13 or something like that.
Some crap like that.
Some bogus garbage.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
The only show in America where the host can honestly say,
I stole a goddamn free train and I'm proud of it.
I make no apologies for it.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, uh, I can't believe those two cowards that they hung the phone up like that.
Did you see that when they started getting a little heated and they had nothing to say back to her?
That kid, that punk they called before that said something about boating a sparser,
which he don't know is you.
Did she, uh, he gave one version of the story, but I don't know.
It sounded to me like they hung up on them because they said,
oh, they're gone and we heard the click.
That's, yeah, I heard your tape that you played and it sounded like me.
You're like, were they going to have time to doctor the tape?
Is that what it's all about?
How would they doctor the tape?
It sounded like they doubted, but, uh, unbelievable.
You know, it really cracked me up as, uh, Rambrawer on there.
He, uh, you know, I, I listened once in a while and, uh,
the guys is starting to suddenly keep, uh, so morally correct on every issue that is,
you know, brought to attention.
Like I said, just like Jim Reiner, real goody two shoes.
And you know something, if I'm on Zeta, the last thing I want to do is put somebody on here
that's a goody two shoes because the people who are listening to that radio station
aren't interested in somebody who's supposedly politically correct and sucks the mayor's fat butt.
I'll tell you that right now.
Exactly.
I mean, look at the listeners.
Most of those listeners, what do they talk about?
Drinking beer, smoking pop.
Right.
You know, you're not wrong with that.
You're not laid, that's right.
Yeah, that's not wrong with that.
But you know what, if you're gonna, if you're gonna go ahead and talk about that stuff and,
and don't have a problem with that, you better have a couple DJs on there that,
you know, support it and live that lifestyle.
Because otherwise, this guy's trying to act like, uh, you, like above the rest of his listeners,
which is ridiculous.
Let's try that on track.
Also, I mean, and then it would really upset me, it was a couple days ago,
it was actually two days ago with the, uh, the teachers.
He's sitting there saying those teachers should be fired.
Yeah.
We have, we have spy reports on that.
And by the way, Evan, I don't need a brown school board, isn't so sure they're not listening
to Paul because it says here in the paper this morning, school board reconsideres the vote.
And they're gonna take some time and look at this again because, uh, they're coming to their
census now and realizing that they know their business.
Yeah, I mean, exactly.
This is, these people's private lives, okay?
And, and for, I mean, Paul Castro, but wasn't as much of, you know,
wasn't as critical as Ron Boer was.
Ron Boer was saying, oh, you know, these, these, you know, that's, I don't want them to be my kids
and this and that.
I mean, who knows what this guy does this person like?
Ron Boer needs to be fixed immediately to just to make sure he don't reproduce anymore
if he already knows.
Who is he to be judge and jury?
I, uh, I have to say, those guys are a joke.
They really are.
Okay, great day, pal.
Well, thank God we can't be all good Puritans like Ron Boer and Paul Castro and Oval.
We can't be all real good, goody-touches.
I sure know that an old pervert like me.
And proud of it.
Sammy, get it, suck.
Bill's the cause Monica's a China.
She lets out a giggle.
When he makes it we go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herb are China, she's all mine.
Well, he don't know where a stovey goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor, door and human horror.
Yes.
And then, I can start the term Cedar Box.
Means, all her naked stars report you need to go in line.
Squared, squirt.
I'm not a good, good, good, good.
I'm not a good, good, good, good.
I'm not a good, good, good, good.
I'm not a good, good, good.
I'm not a good, good, good.
I'm not a good, good, good.
I'm not a good, good, good.
I'm not a good, good.
I'm not a good, good.
I'm not a good, good.
I'm not a good, good.
I feel bad Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born and old and out.
Born and unwilling to and have filled those fond memories.
Drink, drink, drink, drink.
the China
let's have a giggle
every friggin' time he makes the wiggle
Monica is not the kind you can do it
off behind
back down
car and her vagina she don't mind
yes
walk into your bed
yes a master is master
oh yeah
oh yeah
what you got to do is take a tip of it
oh yeah
oh yeah
oh yeah
oh yeah
no
235 60 WQM here's a facts from
it says the CEO guy and under we know
what's your color is the CEO guy
i don't know
but then writing on the bottom is kind of a giveaway because it's a chronic
fact so that writing but i'm going to read it anyway because
i want you to listen to it and then when we get to the very last one he's written on here
it'll uh... teddy-wong reading it
dear Neil the new Roger so are several things going for it mostly the dumbing down of america follows
your rise to popularity where else can gay basures in high school be converted into only anti swishy
fact basures today people crave non-involved conflict and having a fearless leader that is also a non-swishy
homo gambler team boy group group he is absolutely a okay
user can make you feel happy energize reminded of an event etc.
the new Roger show can make you sick people are sick to many degrees
for listeners not being as sick as a caller seems to give people a lift
exactly i keep finding how people are more and more easily put on
Jerry Springer discovered what you made living off for years
the world is filling up with doctors box babes babes who were cuddled cuddled
and educated to feel good about themselves these kids and young adults have missed out on the
reality that every day crap is something you deal with responsibly the feeling of being
disrespected and revanger need knead need for retaliation is the same lesson they missed his kids
the caneed as uh... the new Roger show gives them the crap that you must be within every day life
it's funny but that also makes me feel good when some jackass without any idea about life
except a one thousand mark car stereo calls i know you'll be little my attempt to express my opinion
congratulations on exploiting this for your own rewards thank you please write a new ass out of all the
field good doctor spoke spoiled future america spokye signed the cio guy many rights in this very chronic
writing on the bottom which i think is that chronic uh... quit that faxes all morning long one day
it's tracy and then it's joe you know i'm talking about it's a false
otracy thought to you know and on the bottom it writes as a bill span i know you're a secret buffalo fan
to no and then it writes what it says attempts to write flute f-l-u-t-i-e but instead underline with
an exclamation it says f-l-u-t-e as in skin nice go on tracy foster jackass anyway twelve thirty five is
the fact police once again a trap another chronic with no life all in by the way speaking of a bulletin
you know that new nixon movie called dick here's the ad for it it says rex read loves dick
and other bulletin five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
here's the mobile in four-letter hello
deal this is done i talked to you maybe every other month eleven thank you
in fact we hopped around a bit for a hockey for a while yeah uh... i'm down all time to deal with
the school board but let me tell you something if i was those teachers i would a sue the newspaper
and school the board to the board yesterday some set no
and i don't think i'm wrong by red correctly not only did it say their names
it said what they were doing it's a matter of public record
yeah but i mean well i i agree with you and i pointed that out there
but i know it is not it's not an invasion of privacy they've been arrested in
the matter of public record
they can't do the sunset of reporting in there even though i agree with you whole
heartedly the herald for once did the right thing it didn't bother going to the
gory details of what they were like to be doing with each other with their spouses
well okay going on the board the school board is really and i'm not taking their side don't
get me wrong but between the rock and the hard spot whichever way they go they're going to be
criticized for being wrong you know something when you when you get a position like that i
realize it's a political elected position but nevertheless if you aspire to hold a position
like that you've got to have some cahons and you've got to do what makes sense you can't just
keep sticking your finger out the window like most politicians wondering which ways are going to
fly right right other thing i guess a lot of month or two ago you were in europe
possibly yeah came back and we're talking about how you know they well i just got back from two
weeks in europe and i agree with you all right yeah yeah so much more liberal one minute did find out
you were talking about you know boy they don't have any crime there you walk down the streets and
well let me tell you i was in france i was in italy i was in spain uh you go to roam you go to
florin the biggest problem they have is gypsy's all i know i was once uh had my pocket picked by gypsy
what's what's a big deal with that oh no that's horrendous no no it's not her right just let me
ask you this question would you rather would you be willing to trade that for all the people getting
shot one the last time you heard a gunshot in Rome well i i'll go to the room 60 sometimes i
quit counting already i've been to roam over 60 times and only once did i hear a gun shot and it
was up in the year by some kid it's on protest and 18,000 cops of every different variety the
polizia the carboneary every policeman under the sun came running out you won't see him no more
anytime soon i and it would just shot up in the air 100 percent the only people i have ever read
about getting shot in italy art the mafia also the you know the black hand the city of the
citizens down there killing each other but other than that they you don't see it happen last
comment i'll let you go the marlin baseball team good joke Henry a big joke that's all how to say
he means john henry well i had i had a stop and think because we were talking about still henry
this guy's name is henry not henry henry lies in like a henry county all
h-e-n-r-e-y as an oh henry oh henry five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the mobile one line by the way you know that tracy a foster he's an asshole or whatever it is
and he's worth some pot
put out my five oh ones and i have his full street arrived just check out the best of foster and i'm
starting to feel the heat suddenly i see people check it out my buttons i see
there i got a first class riser it don't pitch the tent my jeep now it's falling in the
way i feel like an axel without a wheel so the ghost told us he was far too far too much to
the day he's a bracer just to see what he would do
go to the face and see this as a jetted forest room there's a pretty little ghost she's waiting for his
post down in the jungle room we're starting wood isn't that best it's really impossible you can see
what's falling for this is that best i feel like a natural without a wheel
what's falling for this is that best i want some proper clothes you know what's falling for this is
that be like an axel without how's gifting was easy and 1245 is 560 wdQ man that should be our worst
problem a few pick pockets running around uh anybody that wouldn't trade that for all the uh
murder and bloodshed like the guy said at one time 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line we
got hankville berget 2 in the studio at six o'clock we got donny baseball because you know we keep
plugging away we got to do it it's contractual 6 30 we got the pregame and then again the fillies
in the marlins coming up seven o'clock tonight maybe another 10,000 people might show up if
they're very lucky here's a mobile in four-lotterdale hello hello yes sir i just want to respond to
that call it and made a statement saying that all people that listen to rock and roll basically are
pot heads and drunks i mean he know he didn't say that he's talking about the people that listen to
zeta a lot of him smoke weed and our uh whatever little more stereotype and to me i mean because i
listen to rock and roll and zeta most of the time yeah and you know i don't do that sort of thing and
i just like rock and roll and that's why people get off on a stereotype in a different ethnic groups
and everything to with ethnic groups that has to do with people like a certain kind of music and
no they're not all the same and they don't all look the same and smell the same and eat the same
food and dress the same but i think generally speaking the guy had a point and that is that if
you're listening to that kind of music you're not looking to have somebody come out of here to
moralize for you and to give you a sermon every day well no no run does get off on a tie horse every
now and then and you know but paul doesn't generally he just you know he's a jerk off really sounds
to me like i i think he's disappearing i don't know what like in that call with both riff and i
didn't hear a he didn't say ten words no hello yes sir i'm listening okay uh that's why i just
want to get off my chest because i think that's where this country gets off you know they start
you know putting people into categories just because they do certain things you know like all
people that ride motorcycles of bad people right that's right people like rock and roll and with
all the technical thing it's only most of them that's right okay listen have a great day
i'll you tell okay now it's not that they're bad people it's just that they probably used to listen
to jazz and became probably new and from the inside from the joint five six seven oh i'll say joint
again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line in addition to which uh
a show gave a cashed over a lot of free publicity they anyway nice going to go she don't care
she's breaking it in loan me fifty billion dollar sweetheart come on small bills please
and that's your lee tweeters boy talk about a turnaround from oblivion into that psychic uh
whatever the whole focus focus thing is and it is focus focus and who cares
you know not harming anybody unless they're stupid if they're that stupid and they do something
based on what one of those bimbo says then they deserve to whatever happens to them it just like
put a religious crap you know if they want to send all our money to jim and tanny fey and star
of the death that's up to them that's one thing about this country it's free to be as stupid as you
want to be remember that song Luther Campbell is stupid as you want to be here's Miami hello
yes sir yeah hi Neil how you doing good now i love your shot i wanted to ask you a quote two
questions one quick question is do you think that George w. Bush is good for the fabulous
what does what does that mean of course not now is he gonna be good what do you think now of course
not you know the best candidate for j people is al Gore so far based on what their positions
they've taken okay and second of all then bubble thanks but then you can't vote just but i'm not
going why would anybody vote based on that one issue i don't know because how much is the
present then influence that anyway i don't think and the second of all what kind of lax is it
would you recommend yeah another one of your people another one of your with a fabulous this in the
lax is that here's another one of your holyose that's obsessed with it rectum maybe salic
could help you out you know she knows all those experts that can get things that are stuck deep
in your inside and your innards they can get them out five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mobile one line here's Miami Beach hello hi any other why are you okay sir i want to
get your take on the uh gym brown thing on narrow king last night narrow queens what do you think
on what i don't watch the reking very rarely yeah because because you know jibral was being on his wife
you don't have to come in on that well what do you mean what do you mean what is my take on it what
do you want me to say this come back and he treats he treats women like all too many people athletes
and especially dark complex athletes treat women like like objects to be beaten and used and abused
and that seems to be a very common theme especially with dark complex athletes but not exclusively
that's what i want to hear you say what what is the problem this is nothing new with him he's been
doing this for years Jim Brown i don't know but he was coming up last night his wife was like saying
this whole speech he's it's under like totally reversed so please don't tell me leir king had him on
there was kiss in his ass yeah he was sitting on it moving on it you are also are you going to
the back door boys country yes i am i'll be there too that's okay who's bigger laundry on me or time
okay Jamie Lee she's got the big one five six seven oh five sixty is searching for satellite
signal that means it's the end of the world out there again it's pouring cats and dogs and we're
sitting here oblivious because we have no window the outside world we have no idea what's going on
it's the end of the world out there we lost our signal we've lost their MTV and then of course
the weather channel they keep putting that stupid thing on her oh don't use your telephone or
your electric anis that that's great that's just what we need don't use your telephone the next
hour and ten minutes because it's raining outside and anybody with a half a brain knows you get
electrocuted right away right don't use your telephone thanks a lot weather channel you morons
you invasiles by the way the spokesman i just mentioned this in passing okay for the sports
nerds out there we might have a few four hockey fans we got the panthers hope they hit upon the
perfect senator play with scoring sensation pavel burray when they made a draft a de-lest in two
months ago for the rights to check it's a lot against our ureth dopita and turn out they were the
dopey ones because is he coming here no no he ain't coming we uh... we had taught arrangements were
made and we offered him a lot of money and he said no he ain't coming he's staying to play in the
Czech elite league he don't want to move his family over to this slaughterhouse he'll stick with
the gypsies thank you so once again the spokesman we tried this and we tried that and it just didn't
work out and uh... we don't know what we're gonna do and the shatters are very important position
on the team and there will she have things happen and they think i shabbering
challenged because you got only know she'll need the free food five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line see i'll tell you one thing you don't know which side your
bread is buttered on brine because you hung out with a good guys like me with a generous guy's
instead of the cheap skates like whimmer you know where your next meal was coming from after you
get your ass canned about a quarter the way through the season this year but that's okay
because George says that brimmer never stole a freight train at least which i did
fact if you'd like me to help you steal one just call here's a mobile in Miami hello
Neil yes sir can i get a little godfather theme music i got a couple of uh i got an Italy
question a godfather question oh you don't want to go to Italy too many gypsies there sir
uh... screw the gypsy that guy that's i mean the guy just came back and he's already finding a
reason to bitch about it uh... that's wrong with him making a bet is there a corleon
is there yes there's a city called polion yes yes yes is there anything there that you know
of like we're seeing i mean uh... yeah is there any historical memorabilia or any type of uh
any any attraction there and related to the hotpot no and and tomorrow puso is dead does that
mean that uh... the next godfather is not going to happen that is absolutely correct uh
no dot what do you mean terrible we don't have to put up a leader caprio now is uh...
don corleon i junior whatever he was gonna be i killed myself before i watched that there you go
that's a good news for those freedoms uh... real name the actor yeah i don't know
he also played the indian in dog day after the summer the call somebody will call and tell us
and have a great day
so i'm gonna put the other hand in the event corleon in
i don't know if i can put it on
it's so small to you i'm talking about the attack
you know you're very small to you're gonna play it on our small to
five six five year city even the blame constipation five six seven oh five sixty
pop five sixty on the mobile one line
here is a lady in my any hello
uncle neal yes ma'am how you doing great uh polka castrate is a is a
and and and uh... and and uh... and him and his other family friends on his show don't
even have a ball to stand up to a black woman that's making more money than they are
yeah they just don't give her the time to day and hang up on her uh... what's up with that
well it's called lack of a cajon's an addition which being on the wrong side of the thing i mean
she said she came right out and said we have a little disclaimer on there and the
seven but is that she thinks maybe okay and some of its full of crap and buyer beware and i mean
times she's laughing all the way to the bank and that's what she said and i guess they're
pissing their pants when she called they didn't expect her to know what they don't like the
screen reach a key to spend and and the ron bruh had to put his uh... i guess his new testament down
for a few seconds to try to pay attention what was going on there and that what that other
call that he had about commenting about the uh... the radio station you were
specifying anybody that listens to that station you weren't specifying
the music yeah and obviously he is on something for not paying attention to what you're talking
he might i mean i'm not saying that everybody who listens to zeta smokes dope i would say that uh...
he could smoke dope maybe not that that's a good point maybe in fact maybe if they were smoking
more dope they'd enjoy it better or or feel a pain less okay have a great day for
you to i mean if you like cast iron over that's okay he's kind of harmless it's uh...
you know kind of like uh... tapioca pudding alright
but uh... i think she will put him in a spot this morning of course when philic said he's
gonna come over and beat the livin snot on him i think that really straightness ass out
that's when you heard the click five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
well let's see what about these dolphins uh... Arizona cardinals to get i mean i got to be
honest with them looking at their schedule this year the teams that are coming here
and i'm thinking of myself i'm glad i'm giving these damn tickets away
i was it was hank who was saying the other day about what a great home schedule they got a whole
renders home schedule i mean they got you know the uh... a fc east teams which they got a play at
home the jets in the up but bills in the apapyrids and the cool but the saint
and the lion minus very sander's and the arizona cardinals
why sure hope they keep jake plumber out of trouble
for luffy eagles the eagles even normand bramon will go to see that
the tenancy titan's
and the chargers chan kazal by the way what is it?
john kazal. john kazal was the actor played for a little and also the indian in the long day
and the car at the car the same as two homosexuals of the idea i don't want to
say this to
anyway it's uh... four minutes before one great movie airs there's an actor for
al Pacino there's an actor not robert fricken denaro who's always the same grease ball
give me al Pacino there's a guy
now they will fear you i think they should fear you she was good to you know
something she wasn't good at all in godfather two but godfather three she was damn good
tiny
tania shire she was damn good course look what she was surrounded by maybe she's just
looking
uh... maybe that's why we seem so good on the station
i'm sorry i just a joke
don't take it serious but it's funny god
you are in my head for part of daily
but it's it's a one to do out
uh...
well she can't go playing the same as you put up with it one night stand out
she forgot all the time
we didn't even have to pick a seat now
how young is too young
and that's what they need your big gun
till we put their own ten and see now
and she will find my nut
give a bonus that if they go away
and she will find my nut
and start with this one
and she will find my nut
she acted so fine
if it's the mayor next to five
he could think it was a great wish all for him now
i don't know if he's got his eyes
but that she's gone in the air
maybe because she took his first coat
and she's gone now
and she should
and he will find my nut
and he will find my nut
and he will find my nut
and she will find my nut
and she will find my nut
okay one oh two at five sixty wq and we got six hundred open lines one
call left on the board and that's in four mires we're doing great in four
mires day in broward we're doing
not so good five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen t line
here's our lonely call hello
you know guys yes sir yes i'm a transplant from pomp and obi i just moved
over here about three months ago
uh... i'm from the old crowd
uh... we got to move a lot of transplants over the four mires maybe we can
start numbers up there in the day they're pretty weak they're embarrassing
well i'm not a booker pick and red neck i'm just you know the transplant
from your old area there
and uh... been in the hospital for about a month and uh... i tell you made my
stay a lot easier good
you know you know now
yeah now i was involved in auto accident and uh... it was kind of a
bad way to come into this town but uh... you know i'm i'm survived you're
over here you know i can still listen to you and everything
okay feel better pal okay buddy take care yourself okay
okay there's a good guy in four mires
one that's how we build our audience one at a time
and you know something that your good buddies over there that got you brainwashed
how much they love me they never fact this does morning numbers they're
probably doing pretty damn good there in the morning
i'm not that it's not gonna hurt my ego you know if i have a two share or a
twenty-eighth year in four mires it could have make any difference to me or my
paycheck or my ego which i have done
five six seven oh five
you ever been to a like a old country general store with the checkers on the
barrel and old people in the limbaugh i've been to four mires
oh i haven't listen i've been to stuckeys
no seriously like uh... once in a while years ago i used to drive up the
tamper which quite practically is two goddamn far but if you drive up the
Hershey highway there up seventy five and you got to take a leak or
something or gas up you got to stop at stuckeys get some of that real
overpriced candy especially that peanut brittle man you can watch your
teachers crumble as you tune at its great especially if it's like real like two
or three years old there's nothing i and when you get it all like match
together in your mouth you're really not sure what the that sensation is
whether it's really the peanut brittle or some teeth that are rolling you know
what i'm saying i'll rattle around their new mouth and then you start
gum in the last part you have pretty good idea you start gummin it and the
peanut brittle too here's a mobile in bokeh hello
hi Neil yes sir uh... speaking of tom green i was teaching in the
bomb is a couple of weeks ago and he was uh... filming there he was doing a
trapeze act really yeah it's actually pretty funny it seemed like a nice guy
was talking to him
yeah yeah you know i got my permanent calendar boy i'll never miss that show
yeah he's a funny guy uh... the other time i wanted to ask you but i sent you
some uh... godfather books recently wonder if you got them
yes i didn't thank you so much you're very welcome thank you interesting new
stuff yeah i'm glad you liked it
loved it okay now thanks a lot pal okay i'll see in corleone let's go i
reviewed all right got to beat the whole out of this joint court they got those
gypsies over there those pick pockets oh my god they're bad
i mean yeah they all dressed like gypsies they all have that same uh... garb
on that that's like hold it up a big sign that says i'm a gypsy and you better
watch it because i might be a pick pocket
and they're all carrying the women carrying little babies in the arms they got one in the
oven and one in their arms and they got the two or three other little kids with a cardboard
that they hold up and here to distract you while they pick your pocket which they did
them in one time very nicely by the way until i caught on to what it was all about
and like i said before that should be my biggest problem you walk in Rome and the people with the
uzi are the soldiers standing on the street corners in a couple of places and on some very
conspicuous spots so you make sure you see them and some of the piatas you see the guy with
a uzi on his shoulder and there you go and you feel very safe
i'm not paranoid that all of a sudden they're gonna come after me or any
i'm uh... delighted
and in the Netherlands you don't see anybody with a gun once in a great while you'll
see a cop that's got a holster with a gun and you most often they're not there walking
around with a night stick they don't even care where you're gone
and please don't tell me you're bothered by gypsies in the Netherlands because i
never seen no gypsies there are some freaky people there but did i ever say
any gypsies there bothering anybody no
but i'm glad you're having a good time here sir
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T widest wine
this is america where our middle name is
here's a mobile in south Miami hello hi Neil yes i am i'm visiting down here from
central florida i come once a week and i listen to your show every time i'm here
is there any way that you guys could play that song about the girl laying in the
field you change that they change the word can farmers daughter you got it
man thank you coming up on a heartbeat
here you go how you like that even the people from the center well from central florida
they like the farmers daughter literally they love the farmers daughter as much as
they can five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T widest
line and she better behave without give her a good looking
here's the mobile in Miami hello how you doing Neil pretty good sir uh i want to be
around the bush i'm not a dolphin fan myself i just moved here from a door
for four years ago my eight year old son loves football
uh he doesn't meant he didn't say him it doesn't matter what game he goes to and
i even took him one time to a pretty season game uh if there's any tickets that you'd
have he would love it and uh i think i'm not going to be around the bush either sir
no okay seven minutes after one at five sixty w two q m we have some open lines here five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T widest line i wish your son the best i hope
he has a great life i hope he finds them very productive activities to uh take up his time
some worthwhile things and the meantime i'd love to give you these tickets but jokas Stella
would start getting really surly because joe you know made a great contribution to the show today
and redeemed himself from making those idiotic comments about the 98 degrees video
like if you need that great facts one of the great which i'm saving this this is a keeper
this is a keeper this fact that letter to the editor in u.s.a. today a keeper and of course
i don't read u.s.a. today because being old and feeble like i am though i get blinded easily by
those colors and i just i can't handle all those splashy purples and go oh i just start freaking out
holy mackerel this is jobal on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
hockey authority kneel god there was in no farmer who lives on a rock
hey that in the middle just shaking his hip that some boys who were down by the frick
they're beating the water their hands on their marbles and play things and that had fast
more their team a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the grass
she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leases and white fluffy dung
she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend
while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling raps you send later thrown yesterday time
while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye to the fellow down by the dock
he looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front
if he has her phone like leases show him her netto pet dog who was subject to fit
and maybe she let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick
and then she bent over and sucked on his candy so tasty made up of her sky
and then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf
if you think this is dirty you can go fuck yourself
14 to 5.50 WDQM you're welcome from that and by the way here's the fact that says you've
been talking about the cops running the 16 year old girl hooker rings you haven't said much
about the prison guards in Florida State prison in Stark where they've been beating the crap
out of the x-wing the life of prisoners for months they just beat Frank Valdes nine men on one
broke all his ribs partied his testicles and countless cuts and bruises inside his mouth on his
face the cops that he committed suicide even the other witnesses prisoners in the other cells
have been threatened to keep quiet and have been maced and one had his job broken to keep quiet
faxes Jim so there you go Jim and what am I going to do about it am I disgusted by it
uh-huh am I nauseated and revolted by it uh-huh but you see since I live right here in this community
and since the media spineless and gutless and pretend they put on a kind of a marginal act
to be investigative journalist and news people and they suck we may have to call
any of something we may have to get some of the network people to come down like the 60 minutes
people are Bernie Goldberg from CBS or some of those guys and take a look at this scandal with
the police in Dave County and how this thing was hushed up so fast and how come everybody else
is he like to either catch got their tongue yeah nobody knows nothing story just died it just
vanished like it never happened in the first place the swingers the adults who paid who paid a
lot of money to go in there and be a member to a private club those people got their lives
ruined maybe and certainly got busted by the SWAT team of the BSO alright right here for Ken Jenny
how could life go on in Broward without a good fascist boot stopping bastard like Ken Jenny
here a lot about that and how these two school board the school board assholes may suspend
and even fire these two teachers it's still in limbo they're doing a limbo rock because they
were doing bad things with their rhymes with rock but as far as prostitution rings 16 year old
girls cops all over the place in Dave County coming and going mostly coming morning noon
oh story just goes away 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's Fort Lauderdale hello
that me that's you sir hey you didn't know by changing the button on the radio you could save
a man's life did you know that sure the last week when the thing on was on about that person
that we couldn't stand they'll make all that fuss as head down 441 to 595 the word that girl
was I figured I got the jump right the man came on the radio said in the clock I said oh my god
and I pushed the button and it saved my life there you were thank thank me
oh god exactly we love you okay nice going sir don't do it don't do it you're a young man
take me to the foot of the George Washington bridge 5 6 7 0 5 60 by the way you know you people
at the hero do not fool anybody they put a whole bunch of letters to the editor in this morning
about the attacks the election most of which of course agreeing with the outcome and one
woman wrote in there you she said you could hear the sound of the voters you could roll down your
window and hear the sound of the voters all screaming the same thing saying saying
but they didn't put the hell in there I'm mad and I'm not going to take it anymore you know
god forbid we should put the word hell in the herald although it's a good place for it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t wireless line here's Oakland Park hello
a meal yes several questions how you don't very good this Tom Green guy even talking about
one thing on Thursday night 10 30 on MTV Thursday 10 30 thank you thank you for the
yes it seems like an updated version of TV harming or something like that kind of yeah okay looks
a little like him yeah geez another thing I miss okay I had an accident and I saw it on TV
that Jesus how's his brother Fred doing by the way in the ranch in the ranch I heard I miss
Bob what arm and he looks like it what is this guy doing on on national television each there
a lot of me looks like the damn spare crow exactly you know well listen say how to Tom Green and don't
drink too much of that milk 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t wireless line here's a mobile
in pop it'll be chill out Neil God speaking love or show Neil won't time listen to first time
caller all right I don't care anything about those Miami dolphins but I'm from Phoenix I like the
Cardinals what am I chances on a ticket to that game I'm a scale of what about a scale of zero
even Steven on a scale of zero oh Neil plus and minus zero have a nice day pal I'm somewhat
offended now I mean it's only been three people but I'm still somewhat offended by the fact that
I you know I come on here see you don't care about me you care about us about you about yourself
selfish I care about me because I'm here to make a living I'm here to entertain and amuse and
frustrate and aggravate whatever else that is I do but I'm also here to make a living and so when
I come in here and tell you that it's not beneficial for this program for me to start giving a bunch
of crap away on here and how much better I mean I mean spectacularly well we've been doing since we
stopped giving away a bunch of crap to whimpering simple ring suckles then I think you want to say
right on back seeing if all the phones were lit up all the time I mean constantly like those 56 days
and what we did on IOD many years ago back when this town had living and breathing people in it
then we wouldn't have people like this guy calling it who wants to go to the game not to
root for your dolphins by the way but for some bogus team would you with a plumber at quarterback huh
with a plumber at quarterback next up we're bringing G Gordon Lydia to play on that team
and that Martinez guy
Gideeo my amy has so far the greatest football team we take the ball from cold and roll like no one's ever seen
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line
of course if that isn't good enough by the way George to get him whipped up for the football season there's always
good timing 5670560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's temperk pines hello
you know first one I like to call Jacob an asshole and I like to say that my boss said that
you got caught jacking off of him when we do that in South Beach yeah great thanks
seriously did you did I get what did I get set up did I get set up by the mighty people
oh it's a freaking line I like to call a land an asshole too uh-huh and let me ask you this
suppose it is true suppose I did I would love you even still okay have a great day they just
can't stop they just can't stop a hundred years from now oh my god back a hundred years ago to
my baby please send you yeah and
Neil Rogers arrested crossing Collins Avenue oh my god
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line I think it's too bad we couldn't have the whole
SWAT team come in had them all come here's a mobile and by the way nice try the second day in a
row with that one mobile and West Miami hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir uh wow I was in LA
last week and listening to fill a little bit yeah by the way when you say that Miami dolphin saw
never mind remember that character you used to do the guy from the Buffalo Bill yeah
that was fantastic yeah are you sure yeah yeah it was great anyway um what happened I mean I don't
know you know I don't listen to him on the internet or anything I listen to him when I was out
there in LA why not why not all the money in that he stopped or because I just don't have time
to keep laws on and all that stuff anyway uh I he he stopped doing a stick I think didn't he
what do you mean by that well I mean he was doing basically your stick he was he was on the radio
with my stick fill and he's like anything remotely like what I do and I don't do what he does that's
that's that's no no listen listen I'm not I've been listening to you guys for a long time I
I was I'm a full Henry yeah I love the guy so what are you talking about I don't know what he was
he wasn't doing any people any guests any voices any anything he was just doing like you know
talking about other talk show hosts and disguises screw ball and you know doing I mean you know
to funny show he's very talented but he wasn't doing any of what when you know we were listening
I listen to me but we got with them you know yeah no hours so a night but you and I kept on
coming back and forth because you know I wasn't into the local stuff he was talking about and that's
that's not what I hear I hear he's doing his regular sticks for the he's doing it the first three
hours then the last hour he was doing other stuff and that's why they cut the show down to three
hours now is what I hear oh yeah all right well anyway the last thing I want to talk to you about
I was in Vegas too hello I'm listening sir I went to the Venetian I'll be defensive please
all right I want to Venetian are you seeing that place yeah I've seen the outside I haven't got
inside you very nice hotel however what a disaster Neil yeah what a service disaster I'm talking
about if if if the people that were working there for service etc etc for getting your towel to
your room and and then cleaning the pool area and what a disaster the worst the worst the
nicest hotel I've ever been in the United States but the worst when it came to just personal
service the rest while I'm glad I'm standing in the MGM and I love the MGM okay thanks for the
good news thanks for the good news and have a great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line in fact we're all sitting here watching MTV right now when a
global group comes back on and we're all going to have a big circle jerk squirt squirt how do you
like that oh it's just so American man it's so sad here's a mobile in point and beach hello
hello yes sir hi Neil I do want to get in Christian listen to you every day I'm a way to work
from on beach to Miami oh my god I sure hope we don't stand in between you and those
pearly gates man you're very entertaining I can't believe in Miami I got tired of driving from
crumbled to the downtown and hour and a half every day in traffic yeah I don't blame but I do
the same dry it's worse than being in purgatory I do the same thing driving from Palm Beach to Miami now
the single amount of time for no traffic right just want to call say it will be all the time and
Wayne hey thank you they take those off and take it to the hospital you don't worry all right have a great
day pal thank god bless you were at least you can bless you he said Wayne I don't want to say that
though because he's a good guy and we're disgusting and perverted and still afraid train wonder if
Wayne never stole a freight train you think huh probably even stole a caboose no one him just to
make sure you know I mean he spare parts anything get his hands on this is she Gordon Lydia and they
don't come any worse than Neil Rogers I don't have to grow up I'm a Dunzer off kid I can always feel
myself for something bad I did it's gonna be cool when I kill everyone at school so my dad said it's okay
I'll exercise my rights that's by me and R.A. that let's me be a Dunzer off kid
Instagram's a russian I told them how to shoot well Peter you love the saddles but no wait that time
the cute I'm a homo side oh not the red man the side on the internet I'm a lifetime member of the
wrong okay here's a good news by the way for the guy that was so upset about the gypsies in
Italy this just in a gunman open fire a two businesses outside Birmingham Alabama today killing
three people police said the suspect was arrested shortly after a car pursued by police police
in Pellum said they released every see the 911 call shortly after 7 a.m. today that two people
have been shot the second 911 call was placed minutes later police on the scene found an employee
did police said the 34 year old suspect was arrested after a brief scuffle when officers approached
after forcing his car ride with the shoulder right in the state 65 in nearby Clinton County the two
businesses were identified as post-airguess what or air gas on Alabama highway 31 in Pellum and
nearby Ferguson enterprise is ink Pellum about 15 miles south of Birmingham is a population of about
12,000 little time big gun big bullet dead people there you go baby thank god we don't have to
worry about those gypsies because the shoot up that's more like that's the American right
two intoxicated men including one American were fined $400 $80 for urinating on passengers
courts court and airplane seats while aboard separate flights to Amsterdam official said Thursday
the two incidents happened over the past two weeks and flights by the same airline police would
not name the carrier or the men in line with privacy regulations while waiting 26 hours in
Cairo on July 25th for a flight to the Dutch capital a Norwegian man consumed excessive amounts
of whiskey and vodka military police spokesman woman marked your Miller said one Arab wants
Airborne the man felt the urge to relieve himself and dampen the three nearest seats squirt squirt
squirt squirt squirt those crazy Scandinavians baby always a lot of drunk side Norwegian Swedes
few days later on July 29th at American passengers drank eight cans of beer while Airborne before
letting down his pants stumbling through the aircraft with a glass of alina sand and finally
urinating over three seats and his neighbor slaves squirt squirt squirt squirt squirt all right
flight attendants overpower the man pulled up his trousers and alerted authorities at Amsterdam
skip all airport where military police are responsible for security such military police find
the two men $480 each for unruly behavior the airline intent to press charges against the
American for cleaning costs and disrupting fellow travelers with a shocking behavior how do you like that
here's Miami hello hello yes sir a meal let's go to a mirror mar hello
your mar going once hello meal yes sir how you doing okay love your show I just wanted to let you
know well for no money flew down from New York this weekend and he was on American and
the guy in first class didn't like his meal need through the tray at the stewardess all right
real nice but he's got some nerve I'll take that because the food on Americans better
and most of this other crap they give you right is problem but but I was talking to my friend
maybe this column is getting in his eyes yeah right and he was telling me about some guy that he
works with and he told me the guy with a shorter and had I not listen to your show all the time I
wouldn't have known what that was so show it's very educational okay thank you very much thank
you congratulations and I also got a book last month great and Neil all the way down you
with that was it I made sure you're gonna have a good book and uh love your show and God bless
yourself okay bye bye thanks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T wireless line
they're shooting them up and Birmingham baby they're shooting off in Atlanta they're shooting them
off from coast to coast because it's the American effing way we love our guns we love those guns we
love those assault weapons we love those god damn anything and everything it was AK 47 and
0357 Magnum we love them all they got some there have taken those things off too by the way those
what they call off the end of the assault weapons they took the the knives off what they call
those the bayonets I'm sorry well it's so you know almost medieval bayonets it's so American
so revolutionary day type of a crap how about let's bring back some muskets huh oh yeah they got
I'm sure we do some nice brand new ones that are like you know high-tech yeah yeah high-drick here's
pepper pine hello hey how you doing you know pretty good sir I got a solution for this whole dolphin
thing problem what problem is that you got people calling you and everything like that
violent you for the tickets and stuff like that why don't you just donate them to center and like
have it like an auction like you want your own business five six seven I have no problem at all
dispensing with these tickets sir and with all due respect I have no problem at all ranging my life
okay I know this make up is a great shock to you all the tickets go where I want them to go and
I raise a lot of money for center one donate a lot of my time to center one we did a great job last
year I'm sure we'll do an even better job this year things are going just fine so please spare me the
advice call up doctor Laura and give her a song and then to then call up judge Judy too I'm sure
she'll put you in your place ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba why don't you do this why don't
five six seven oh five sixty pound like I told you DNH and TNC take no crap keep that in mind okay
all your kids out there I mean certain times of your life you have to take a little crap but don't
take a lot of crap it's always good to take a good but don't take a lot of crap from anybody and as
you get a little bit older and a position of a little more stability and a little bit more confidence
take no crap from anybody unless there's a lot of money involved and then only long enough
until you got all the cash and the check is cleared that's right that's what you do it and then
tell them crap to you it's the only way to do it treat people well but if they treat you like crap
you I'll give it right back to them here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah yes sir hey how you doing great
I'm calling in because I just about four days ago I got in an order from Britain L books in
Canada with Canadian Postman it's a screw up my my book and lost it but I just finished this this
morning and around nine o'clock in the morning I just finished farewell the guide right and as
that's an amazing book it's an amazing read yeah the guy the religion editor in the sun sent
all didn't like it too much because it made too much sense I guess so they had put him in charge
of writing the review and I guess the religious editor is one of those guys who's in the doctor
Kennedy's pocket up there at Coral Ridge so that really made a lot of sense nice go out again
Sun sent all your phony baloney fakers you know what the thing about it is we got to make believe
newspapers in this town to let's pretend newspapers yes go ahead I'm just talking myself yes oh no I'm
sorry my phone's coming out that's okay yeah it was the only logical approach to a supreme being
that I have ever read in other words without any of the phony baloney an objective look which are
amazing yeah the only thing that I really wish was he had foot noted a lot of his quotes more
is biblical references because I had no idea where some of these references were coming from and
I'd like to go back and look at them in you know forse wise you know what I mean maybe look
to three different translations to find out you know you've got a good idea get one of those
bibles with a topical index in there and also get a topical ointment too for your eyes while
you're reading it well yeah that man and a shmanta from my head but other than that I mean it was
it was a great book I'm really glad you're you know recommended and you know you should so let me
tell you this when you see men walking around in a dress when you see people walking around with
a silly beanie on their head you know right off to that you've got people who are in serious need
of some assistance you know what I'm saying or some acid if you know what I mean or maybe they're
going to be you at the point it's okay I have a great day pal and we'll see you around a
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line didn't like that book over there at the
Sun Sentinel did you huh same people have wanted us to pay tax money to build a billionaire
a stadium they didn't like Charles Tabbaldon's book because it made to god damn much sense oh sorry
and it's all old stuff anyway it's all been said before yeah that's okay let's keep saying it
again and again because it makes a lot of sense stop giving you money to a bunch of fakers in fact
I'll tell you one thing if I had to choose at least I'd rather give my money to the psychic hotline
and 12 Griffin and Shirley tweeders and those other whoever they are on their old bags I'd rather
give my money to them I don't want to give it to either one but if I had to choose if I had my
brothers I'd rather give it to them because at least they're entertaining in a very bizarre and
perverse way although so is the church but mostly in just a perverse way only in the banana
republic baby only in Miami
well I bought some new potato chips because they ain't got any fat and now or after I ate them
in the john I said I knew they had some side of six little thought I'd take this chance
but right after I swallowed it and I felt my colon dance
ate all this drug my valve began to see I fell in the can of swatting with my pants around my knees
ate all this drug now I'm afraid to see but it might feel something disgusting running down my knees
well I should have seen that more than that they put on the bag and I should have been suspicious
when the clerk gave me your rag so with you with them don't be surprised if your belly hurts
and then about an hour you'll have the elicitor's course
ate all this drug my valve began to see I fell in the can of swatting with my pants around my knees
one eighty four five minutes you've got to go now I'm afraid it's okay because I'm not
feeling disgusting running down my knees okay wipe it off you get out of here one forty four five
sixty wqm was just anxious to point out that yearly it's like what thirty forty fifty
thousand people die from handguns in america and it's guys worried about a few gypsies in Italy
I think maybe he went to the wrong place just astonished anytime I get a call like that of course
there's some people you must understand no matter where they go instead of looking to have a
good time and enjoy the good things the best they're always looking for some kind of a problem
something to bitch about something that wasn't perfect hate to break the news to you sir paradise
ain't there there is a paradise bull of art or avenue or whatever is in Vegas but it ain't there
here's hollywood hello yeah yes sir a columbian hollywood hitting it in the bone too
I'm home watching the box about ten commercials from bobe riffing about two hours right
he's on the job that's right you got it he owns much music
hello yeah listening yeah yeah what's the bunch of only four thirty today okay five six seven
oh five sixty pound can't understand where you that's because he's got the thing in his
purse pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless live well here's Alan from the trapeze two
how you doing Alan is okay very good are you I'm hanging in there they say uh-huh I want to thank
you for uh... all you support that you give us well I think this anybody that saw that piece on
channel seven I mean that this is one of the most unbelievable maybe a Nazi Germany expect to see
something like that with a swat team coming in there acting like uh... the world is coming in
like they have a bunch of uh... axe workers inside this this is insanity oh but you got to
understand I mean there was three bs and then the news crew came in and then the other twenty seven
came in right after the news crew arrived right to make it really great like a major operation that's
right but like it wasn't a publicity stand from the get your right
but again i just want to thank you for all your support and what's going to happen with this i mean
i mean uh... they were close to other places down how you're going to be able to stay open
well we're still stating that we are private club and that people can do what they want to do
in a private club right i mean they keep getting that this is american people have the freedom of
choice and the freedom of to choose and everything else it's here like uh... in brown county feel like
the first amendment disappeared
and i'm getting back in there he's bringing back today's in the borough and bobby butterwork
and i'm here to tell them that the person in the middle of the well and i'm going to fight it all the way you know
all the way up good for you
good luck out
thank you very much in there
okay there's a lot in the owner of chapis to one of the swing clubs in the course uh... horrible horrible thing
oh my god there people do a stuff inside i don't see any difference between that and if a couple went
over to another couple's house in a privacy of somebody's house and they decided to swap
uh... mates or whatever whatever they're doing in there if it doesn't it's nobody's business
nobody's i'm just waiting for somebody say we know these teachers are going to be one hell of a
bad role model for their students well their students never would have known about in the first
place nor do they have any right to know about their teachers sex lives
that of their business or anybody else's
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tn t
see this is the same thing like with clinton you know that in the monica business same thing
how does that affect anybody's life is it affect the country no the world rest of the world is
laughing at this country they have been for two years on that bullcrap
here's a mobile in hollywood hello
they are you don't okay sir
listen to your own and i couldn't agree more is it near is the only city that brine marie could
still be the gm of this hockey team yeah because you have no no fans who understand the game
you have an owner who really you know it just uh... got only those what he's thinking about i don't know
it just it drives me nuts all the major mistakes that he's made uh... now we're still stuck with
need a mire and with all these other losers on that i mean they did unload some dead weight but in
the meantime what are they replacing with sure nothing nothing at all five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eight tn t wireless line there's a great call that's one of our hockey
intensive people can't just call him a discussion how about those tickets there and but guess what we
only have two calls left in the board to kill the last twelve minutes here so i could
did all around the play games with the tickets but i'm going to take it right now i'm giving them all
to joe kastel because i promised them in the first place i gave the one up here tickets and a park
and pass the fat boy for the bills game because he's from buffalo he's a bill sprain in addition to
which it kind of feels sorry for a guy that weighs nine hundred pounds you know they'll wheel him in
a big wheelbarrow he'll have a good time you never saw a freight train unlike some of the rest of
us he ain't too bad of a guy fat boy he just uh... is the he's a sales guy what do you expect
and the rest of mergo and a joe kastel how do you like that because i promised him to joe he's got
him am i giving him to jason to uh... clearance no no because uh... like i said thanks a big shot he
he's a much bigger guy in the sports world than i am i'm not in the sports world i just have to
get free tickets because i'm a big radio big shot here and got a good contract and a good lawyer
who ought to stay off the radio
but i think uh... the hopper ought to take care of those guys or not as he i mean that's up to him as he
chooses but you know we'll take care of some food for you guys but the tickets no no
rhymes with joe here's the mobile and store hello
and you know i do pretty damn good sir all right uh... you know somebody mentioned before about
the uh... it made on death row that was uh... okay uh... i want to thank the correction officers
up there whether they did it or not for saving us our taxes okay great thank you
here's a mobile and for water deal huh
i don't know yes sir
i had to do it okay
uh... we're going to let you settle in arguing about the trapeze to and the other
swing clubs if you would mind
okay i'm on the the function
that you take bill Clinton
whatever happened up there that was publicity it's so newspapers it's so
commercial's etcetera yeah school teachers it was a big issue now it's a
new papers it sells commercials you take a short direct about say it
albert and to might get a blow job from the clerk
or cash here or jc pennies or so many here for example might get it from a young cash
share whatever that never makes the head mine or an old cash here yeah
or what more do you think that that wouldn't sound one bloody newspaper or
sell an advertisement at
well i'd like to go to like allen just said a minute ago you know what's the
cameras got rolling another twenty seven of these a swatting guys came
rushing in to make it look like there was this major bus to it on major
operation protecting the public another another horse in the pony show for
ken jenny to put on for the public i mean only morons would buy into this
crap
what that it's gonna be true i'm a member of the trapeze to i've been a member for
a couple years i know i own okay right my name is that okay so not hiding nothing
okay i have been to the trapeze with my wife many occasions
and we have never went into the background we kept our clothes on right
and we drink we've had a good meal and basically what a close down or you did
whatever you wanted to do and we've got good people that aren't phoning like you
would another bar has to go through the other line of crap you might have to go
through
