Sport Radio 560, television 2AM, Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You're talking Neil, called 567-0560, toll free for David Grarrers, or pound 560 on yourself.
All right.
There are the opinions of Neil.
His cast and scholars are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions for the previously broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560, QAM, how much that?
Dude, look congratulations, get a light.
Oh, right.
Tell me why it's nothing but a heart.
You're awesome.
Tell me why it's been sharp with the beat of the stage.
Tell me why don't you hear me when I say just calling things today.
OK, 10-0-2-5-60 WQam, I should have called in sick today, man.
I feel a pretty good today, but my throat is like pretty much gone.
And of course, when you start talking for four hours in a bad show like this,
it generally means you're going to be out for another two, three days.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, right.
Something to think about.
Oh, I love that last caller on the worst team this morning, that little whining puts,
little whining sports nerd puts.
Oh, why do you guys keep talking about this war rick thing?
There's so much else to talk about.
And he spent the whole 45 seconds that he had to talk like so many of these assholes,
talking about what they shouldn't be talking about, but of course they ran out of time before
we said what he wanted to talk about, which is probably just as well.
Nice go on pal.
Yeah, let's not talk about it just because it's a disgrace.
And like I said, when the thing happened a couple weeks ago, yeah, there's worse crimes by far.
You got your murderers and your rapist and your arsonist and your woman beaters and all this other crap.
So when you overall picture with this, it was never so afraid to aim.
But the idea that they copped a plea so they can play ball again,
that's the part I just don't get.
You can play again like this Saturday.
God, in other words, oh, send him to jail, but wait until the football season's over.
Send the jail for a month.
Maybe.
This is just unbelievable.
And of course, the real question is if Peter Warwick weren't a football star at FSU.
If it was John Smith, John Doe, some other sparser who wasn't a football star,
who had basically done a shoplifting thing, which is really what it was.
Basically stolen a bunch of $400 worth of clothing and merchandise and dillets.
If it was some other Porsche rollout there on the street, would he have gotten off with a plea bargain, you think?
Anybody think so?
No, no, I don't think so.
Just a little little slap on the wrist and then we can go black.
And it's just like the Betty Blades thing, you know?
And Brian Blades and all that other bull crap to get my blades mixed up.
For Brian, you know, he had to go back and run fast and jump high.
He don't have time to worry about that shooting in there and all the other detail.
This is disgusting.
It really is.
And you wonder why your kids out there, so many of them just don't have any values, don't know where to look to learn any values anymore.
How can you respect scumbags like this?
Like I said, at the time, it wasn't the worst crime in the history of mankind,
but the idea that they're going to work out in agreement so we can come back and play football, that's the part I do not understand.
And of course, the jocks in the present, they'll be saying, oh, you're full of crap, Dale.
Ollie did was a little, a little something and he's got to go out there. He's a superstar.
Okay, whatever you say.
How about those braves, by the way, huh?
Oh, tired all these myths, cry babies.
In this morning, they were on there. Oh, well, if Bobby Valentine did this, the myths were phenomenal.
Man, they're down five, nothing, they're down seven to three.
They come back twice, take the lead twice, and what a series that was.
And then Kenny Rogers walks in the winning run and all I could say is,
to what goes, what do you expect from him?
But it was a great series and it turns out for once, just as prevails, the braves and the Yankees,
the two best teams in baseball will play in the world series.
I know this comes in the shock to a lot of you young people out there, but what's upon a time?
What's upon a time before Geneva, New York had a major league baseball team before all the stupid expansion?
There were no playoffs.
There were eight teams in the mercenaries. There were eight teams in the national league.
And whoever won the pennants, those two teams played for the world series.
There were no playoffs. There were no wild card teams. There was none of this crap.
But now when you got 600 teams, you have to have the wild card, and you have to have all these division winners.
Because otherwise you got 99% of the teams are playing for no purpose.
By the time it's the middle of June already, they might as well fold up their tent.
So you have to have at least a few teams that have something that they might have a shot at.
That's what it's all about.
To try to justify the greed that is called expansion.
That's destroying all professional sports. Make no mistake about it.
So the good news is we have a sample of our best of 99 CD.
And it sounds great. Let's hear it.
Oh, it took us a few extra weeks.
And the even better news is that the new CDs that New Invent improved and the ones that are kosher and okay are now in all the Broward and West Palm Beach specs.
In the date county, they're already in Aventura, Kendall International Mall.
They're at the specs of the falls in U.S.1 and the specs by U of M at the Red Road, U.S.1.
And the rest of the specs in date will be stocked today.
And four Myers will be getting them all also sometime the next few days, which we'll let you know.
So that's the good news. We'll also let you know today about the procedure for swapping of those of you who got the effective ones, which we apologize again for.
And our pizza lot of the parents will be next Tuesday, the 26th to the 8 p.m.
So we'll have the buttons with the keychains and all of that. We'll have the the new and improved best of the year and everything.
Yeah, we're going 20 days late, but we'll do the best we can.
It's big enough doing the best you can.
Poor John Henry, he just won't take no for an answer.
But the opposition, this to me is one of the greatest ironies in the history of my life.
One of the biggest opponents to John Henry getting tax money, especially from rental cars, that tax money.
Guess who's opposed to that?
Don't say.
Oh, yeah. Guess who's opposed. Very adamantly to that.
No, wait. Oh, well, you don't think that we know any rental car companies doing.
Oh, man.
Now, why would why would Wayne who sold John Henry a white elephant?
Why would he want to stand in the way of his nice new stadium?
You would think that Wayne whose worth billions of dollars would be magnanimous enough to say, hey, no problem at all.
We'll be more than happy, even though that's where a lot of our businesses in the rental car industry.
Did he say that?
No.
No.
We are opposed to taxes. We just are said ostracic tourists, automation spokesman.
We have nothing specific to say about Mr. Henry's proposal.
You noted that automation is spitting off its rail car companies early next year.
Hypenga, however, will continue to hold significant stakes in both companies.
So there's the chigger in the wood pile.
So this shows you, John Henry's even dumber than we thought he was.
How do you like that? Huh? He's an idiot.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Because now Wayne leaves him holding the sack.
He's walking around in his empty stadium under front pages of the newspapers looking to find a fan somewhere.
Like a lost soul, like a schlepper.
And now when he thinks he's going to, by the way, you guys in the morning show you guys really are such a bunch of wimps.
I heard spy reports several of them that yesterday were like caving in, including guilty.
Caving in. Oh, yeah, he's going to get a stadium.
Yeah.
And they got that scene out old fart Ike Siemens on the phone here trying to do the same thing for John Henry.
He's going to be the pimp for John Henry, just like he was for Mickey Harrison.
And this bogus arena downtown Miami that they can't fill up and won't fill up.
But the interesting part of it is sometimes you come down on the wrong side.
You want him to lie?
It says the proposal to hit tourists for ballpark construction money with added taxes on hotel bills or rental cars is facing strong resistance from Robert Commission chairman,
Ileane Lieberman, Miami date mayor Alex Pinga.
Oh my God.
Wow.
And even former team owner Wayne High Pinga.
All the Pingas are opposed.
They just say no to John Henry.
So you morning guys, you know, I know Hank will hold his ground and I'm holding my ground because we just say to John Henry, no tax money of any kind.
No public money is to build you a goddamn stadium.
But if you want to be led down the nose by an old funny dirty scene, I old fart has been washed up piece of dirt like I see me during the morning show be my guest.
Get it wrong again.
That's all I can tell you because you'll be dead wrong.
Nobody's building this guy any stadium.
Mark my words.
No portion of this broad guest may be reproduced without the express written permission.
No.
WQAM deeply read acquisition court.
Where is our fed up?
In theaters now from the producer of the sixth sense it's the seventh sense.
I smell both people on me too.
They smell like Ben Gaye.
No like Moves Ball.
They smell like Al the Corps.
Not like tour polis.
The seventh sense.
No like an Al the Corps sucks with Moves Ball.
Showing now.
15 at 560 WQAM.
Also the essential article about the in the ongoing series of 25 million articles about this Phantom Stadium.
Law to Dale panel pitches Marlon talks.
Let's play ball in public.
The city says.
Let's bring the discussion out into the sunshine.
Like the discussions they had about the Macarena.
So that the public knows what's going on instead of all this behind closed doors craft.
Marlon officials however have said they can't reveal their plans yet because it's too early.
And releasing information prematurely could backfire harming their chances of a new stadium.
In other words they want the public.
They want somebody somewhere in databroward to come up with some plan to help them raise $400 million to build this guy's stadium.
But they don't want to release the information too soon because it could backfire.
No chance baby zero zip ity doodah.
It is not going to happen here.
I don't care what the WIMPS on our morning show have to tell you.
It is not going to happen here.
And they put Ike Siemens on her yesterday to give the revolutionary bulletin that John Henry says.
Well if it gets voted down he'll build it himself but it'll be a small stadium and they won't have enough seats to be competitive.
We already heard that how many times we heard that 50 million time.
And that's the big revelation from the scene out old fart that they keep puffing up on this radio station.
I think he must have naked pictures too.
Ike Siemens.
This guy's got to have copies of all the naked pictures that keep circulating around his joint.
Man what a show what an absolute piece of turd you are an old Fuddy Dutty burn out never was.
You know what this is like for guys like him.
It's like like what's your name that did the very good report by the way which I give credit were credit.
Is it me she'll kill him did they report on the even though she was very syrupy and insincer on a school lunches and all that stuff.
When the networks can't tolerate somebody anymore they ship them off here.
And guess who else is coming back.
Released he's looking for a job here since the CBS morning news which is but you know it's just a lost cause.
I don't want to say it's Jose D. S. Balar.
Do I?
Oh.
Is getting blown off of that because there I think there were like six of us watching at show only by habit because we used to watch when Harry Smith and Paul is on run and the show was almost watchable.
And that show is so bad that they like channel four here carries like little snippets you know they're sniping it and little bits and pieces here and then they have all local cut in the rest of the time.
So that shows not even on Jose D. S. Balar whose main talent is that he's related to a member of congress.
So he's got connections no no there's a guy maybe a nice guy.
I don't know him I've never met him but he has no talent none zero.
So Sipity do da.
He's coming back here they're going to ship him back.
And I'm going to tell you what a tremendous bunch of professional journalists we got because not only in the newspapers no working they get it right.
I'm watching channel for a news last night as I still do I buy habit by default.
I admit it I watch it every night.
Here comes 525 and here's the ubiquitous Jim Barry on there a silly goose.
And he's on there with how do you like that talk about a pure real quenilla real winner.
And they're talking about the Panthers after this great start they're undefeated they're 401.
Let me ask you this are the Panthers undefeated no didn't they lose to Toronto last week three to two up there at the year Canada Center on that global by radic perot as the rumor calls him didn't they lose that game.
Oh but don't tell that to Joseph Gackie or Jim Barry two more of the great hockey experts we have here in South Florida.
They're undefeated they're four and one.
I mean I realize it's only a very minor point and there are 10 of us that really care about hockey here but it's just another example of the kind of slip shot.
I mean no they'll want to say anything they know what they're talking about.
I mean those two guys put together Joseph Gackie and Jim Barry they wouldn't know Pavel Burry from Raymond Burr.
They haven't got any idea what it's all about.
See it's taken me 23 years which I figured it out after the first month I was here when I went in here a KAT I said boy this is a bushly talent.
And then other people started saying it.
Yeah I was just starting a lot because they realized that I was right right bush league town and here we are 23 years later is it still a bush league town.
You bet your sweet ass it is.
So I don't expect professionalism when you turn on your TV don't expect like somebody else caliber and even Ralph Redneck as funny,
dirty and slow and ponderous as he was at least he did editorials at least he had something to say once in a while in his very boring style but nevertheless at least you considered him a news guy.
And even that big dyke and bishard I mean she sat there and he had the feeling that if she came on here and she told you something made there was a chance it might be true.
But today these bimbos and the bets that we got on the year are there there are a bunch of crazy people you notice by the way what's your name is I can't can ever think of her name.
The one with a lip on channel 4 news angel array.
See it's in there somewhere I'm just in the recesses of my mind trying to keep away in the backer they say that she's off this week I think she's probably in rehab I think they got her in the rubber room.
Because I think she's sort of five.
You know she just she just loses it she just would have silly and she's right there right on the verge of doing some horrible story about people being electrocuted and people dying to.
Well she's the getting us from watching too much else sunshine I might do it would do it to me maybe those ham hoc waves are starting to get to her.
So we got a new let's see if this thing works today here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Hi Neil yes sir I got a couple points.
I love this thing this is great.
Couple points first I could agree with you more on a Peter work with the beautiful thing about this situation is you know normally when you say well if he wasn't a star he wouldn't you wouldn't get three of different.
Yeah but you don't have anything to to you know to prove it well in this situation you did there was another head who was also on the team but he wasn't as big as star.
Right who did the same thing I mean they both did it together yeah he was kicked off the team.
Laverinas Laverinas cool.
The excuse that they used was that Laverinas calls had a bunch of previous incidents and that this was just the latest in a string of it so they kicked his ass off the team.
Oh crap right of course let's see Peter works record I want to see a public.
Uh huh.
But you have more than one incident.
I didn't know he had a record.
Oh I bet you can probably play that in Paul 96.
Now my other point of interest is about the stadium.
What do corporations do when they want to raise money?
They sell shares.
Yeah why not do that ten bucks a share forty thousand shares.
You picked that after that bogus panther stock that Wayne sold you think that there's going to be any takers for Marlon stock?
I don't know but we need to try it.
A team that's lost two hundred and six games in the last two seasons you think there's anybody going to buy that stock?
No but I tell you what Neil keep on this man working because I'm going to man I'm going to be relentless because unlike our Winston the morning here who you know who just are busy getting chased.
I'm not one of those people I will he's just going to get it you know if they want to be wimpy let him be wimpy.
Well that's why we listen to you thanks man have a great day.
I'm really disappointed in Kelly because I know that you know little dog in the D.F.O.
They never never took a strong stand in their lives you know.
Or I think the only thing little dog takes a strong stand on is defending his boyfriend.
I don't want to say Danny but but his friend B.F.O.
You know he's he's just straddling that fence just straddling and straddling and straddling.
He has to bring in what does that talcum powder?
He has to bring in every morning has to bring in a big thing of talcum powder to spray on his rectum because he's got so much your crotch brunir from writing that fence.
But guilty who I thought had had graduated here I'm giving him always credit the last several months here is the one kid on there that you thought might just tell it like it's supposed to be.
Nah they're going to get it they're going to get the stadium and just one of these just that works that way.
We don't want to start calling a sell out again just when we thought you'd grow in a little tiny pair of gildy right on the verge of your marriage and all of this stuff.
Started to have a little bit of respect for him which around here it's very hard to have too much respect but anyway.
Now we got this great new motto you know something I actually love this this if you have you seen the way this thing looks yeah we were talking with it yesterday and the monitor to.
It's this is like almost a piece of equipment you'd find in a real radio station I got some looks like a big screen TV for the it is.
You can read the numbers and where they're calling from and it's like it's a much higher.
Of course it should have been here eight months ago and it is the old software even though that you know that the guy I don't care about a shape I don't care it's beautiful it's lovely and we actually get the phone on here today too.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line I bet you will have some of these jack sniffers out there all you're wrong about Peter Warwick all he did was like a little pity thing and he's got a play.
I'd like to hear one asshole I can one of these sports there defend this crap and if it was you that went in here and I mean you know it was 400 and some odd bucks that they pay twenty one dollars come from a dillards theft it's like theft.
And at 19 year old bitch that the party with these guys you know she collaborated with them.
I know they didn't kill anybody they didn't rape anybody but the idea that this guy's going to get a little stop on a wrist so we can go back and play college football again.
Who are we kidding if it's fraud something but fraud.
Here's a mobile in hell and they'll hello.
Hey, how you doing okay sir I got the same two subjects on my palate.
Yes of all when John Henry builds his mini stadium was you be a hundred feet or so the other nine people won't show up.
Everyone 91 people yeah I remember sir yeah he'll build a hundred feet or so anyways with Peter Warwick what is it I mean he should be in jail for stupidity.
I mean is in line to make millions and millions and he's worried about three hundred eighty dollars and close yeah that's pretty dumb you know.
You're right in there for stupidity he be dumb I think that they better put that if he's going to play again like this weekend I think they ought to embroider that on his uniform he be dumb.
Yeah and I mean he he stayed back to be a good citizen so called yeah so he could go high in the draft to make millions of millions of millions of millions.
But he's still going to do that I know I know that's why I say he should be in jail for stupidity in fact Jimmy Johnson and Dick Vermeel probably have to fight over who's going to get the draft this kid.
He's mine he's mine he's mine okay I've seen it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line it's 1026 at QAM.
New God coming this fall the underground world of Jocque Sto.
I can no longer explore the Tishin Laci we must not disregard the S itself which is spinning with light.
For my vantage point six feet below the surface I studied a conqueror and the thorough this way into my day it is a female conqueror.
For the premier for the underground world of Jocque Sto.
1038 five sixty WQM so here's one of the great headlines I've ever seen in my life in a major market newspaper.
Sunsendel Day on the front page of the local section somebroward roads and toilets still clogged.
Oi!
Is that a headline and I bet you if you turn to the inside page two or the local section it'll have a list of the 43,000 puppies that weren't lost during hurricane.
Somebroward roads and toilets still clogged.
Nice going air sunsendel another great piece of journalism for you.
Call in today and tell us if you're toilets clogged okay.
Let's hear from all the people I got a better idea.
Let's hear from all the people whose toilets are not clogged.
That'll make that'll kill a couple hours.
You're crazy people you really are.
You're just nuts over there both newspapers.
You can't complain about the journalism in this town because basically there isn't any.
High court asked to bless game prayer.
Oh god!
13 Texas congressman urged the Supreme Court on Tuesday to rule out the reciting of prayers at high school football games is constitutional saying that God and the good iron are inseparable in the loan star state.
Don't you love that?
God and football.
He's a big fan.
How come they left out tailgate parties and beer.
Led by representative Henry Bonilla, Republican of Texas, wonderful he became the Bobby.
Lawmakers proposed a house resolution calling on the justice to rule that the first amendments guarantee of religious freedom does not bar players from praying before kick off.
I want you to stop and think about this.
Remember the asshole that called me a few days ago.
Third day I think it was.
Maybe it was Wednesday when I was talking about why did God invent hell.
And this guy gives me a son of a dance about the day that I was driving home from the airport.
And I had like that rain fart that memory laps and I got to centerize Boulevard off 75 and I realized that I just forgot the whole trip.
I was just you know in the twilight zone.
And this guy tells me oh well God was looking out for you.
There are six billion people plus on the face of this planet.
Now this is the same God that doesn't interfere when kids are getting shot in school.
And the excuses oh it was their time it's part of God's plan.
That's nice.
That's lovely.
But he's going to be watching out for me when I'm driving from the airport to plantation acres.
Thank you God.
And the football players are praying before the game.
And God's got time to listen to their prayers.
Maybe somebody can explain to an old heathen like me how God can listen to the voices.
Maybe that's why he can't get it right.
Maybe if we all stop praying at the same time one at a time okay.
Hey God over here there's one praying.
Some language you understand he don't speak Hebrew no more.
I mean here God is listening to all these different millions and millions maybe billions of people praying at the same time in the New Year.
And there's a lot of people who are in this battle of languages.
And people actually expect anybody with a brain to believe this.
What kind of a lunatic what kind of a weak minded crutch seeking person.
Believe this garbage.
Oh we're praying to the Lord and then the other see they've always got a good line for everything.
Like those little kids that got electrocuted.
Wow God didn't appear because it was their time.
How could it be their time what a sick twisted sadistic attitude that is.
That reveals any enormous lack of respect for human life by the way.
That's one thing I love about most of these religions.
They have the respect for human life human life is no good.
It's only the afterlife. That's the good stuff.
Anyway getting back to this bull crap in Texas which should come as no surprise.
But your Bible thumping red next.
The resolution which would not have the force of law is intended to express publicly the sense of the Congress that pregame prayers are constitutional.
Isn't that interesting as if Congress has something to say about whether things are constitutional or not which they don't.
But they're urging the Supreme Court to rule on this.
The House hasn't scheduled a whole yet on the proposal but you can be sure you can bet your bottom dollar that they will.
Because here's another one of these God and apple pie and mom and Chevrolet all of those kind of issues same crap.
Pandering to the goody two shoes mentality of what they perceive to be mainstream America.
Now how many years have I been screaming at that's another reason I'm glad I don't go to those dolphin games anymore.
You pay all your hard earned money 20 bucks to park over there if you don't have the free park and pass.
And then you go in there and it's like going to church or to a synagogue and they are subjecting you to a bunch of geckys coming out before the game doing prayers at a football game.
Do they do prayers before baseball games no before hockey games no before basketball games no before soccer games no before rugby games no before cricket matches no before the race track no.
Only with football and you want to know why because football is basically a redneck thing.
What is a redneck thing.
Just ask was your white he tell you.
So right next thing so naturally you go out there you pay your hard earned money and you're subjected to something that should be offensive to you but you just stand do to play it obey because they tell you're supposed to do it you don't want to offend anybody.
Instead of saying hey if I wanted to go to church this morning I wanted to go to synagogue Friday night or yesterday I would have gone.
I came here to watch a football game a sporting event not to be you know subjected to this crap.
So why would anybody question what just even to reset it's very clear that the overwhelming majority of the people at least in this country are just a bunch of sucklings just a bunch of people just they want to be laid want to have somebody lead them by the nose.
There are little tiny band of leaders and a whole bunch millions and millions of followers just looking for somebody to latch on to to tell them what to think and how to act and what to do.
As opposed to like taking for themselves discovering a little bit of common sense.
Just getting a little bit of intestinal fortitude.
Having the balls to say hey this is wrong I don't want to put up with this things like that.
Don't see too much of that going on.
This bull crap about athletes praying to God for what there's any sport they ought to be praying before the games these days it's hockey praying that they get through the game alive.
They're killing each other out there just like Mike Madonna said it's going to take somebody getting killed or going into a coma before they finally do something about the violence and like a respect that they have for each other in the NHL now they're killing each other.
I'm still waiting by the way from all the God people I know you're out there I'm still waiting.
If you're about how God answers your prayers and what's the point yeah on the one hand you see they keep they keep trapping themselves with these contradictions on the one hand man has free will God doesn't interfere but on the other hand let's pray to God and look he performed a miracle.
But you can't have it both ways isn't that a contradiction last time I check sounds like one to me man has free will God doesn't interfere like Mama Corleone said in Godfather one Santino don't interfere remember that don't ever tell my sister to shop again Santino don't interfere has Carlos doing won't see him no more or Santi but anyway.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line maybe we'll get saved today you think we're going to save today I don't have the balls because they don't have the courage their convictions they can't stand it to fact that it's so easy to debunk the bull crap that they've been brainwashed with they can't stand that they can handle it.
They can't handle it like in the right to the civilized world they go into they take the surveys like nine out of 10 or more than nine out of 10 people say I don't believe any of that crap.
I don't go in a support that garbage every week I don't have enough to do with that.
And here in God in just God driven God the rule America where God is all over the place we're slaughtering each other like flies like cockroaches.
By the way so far this year in the first 10 months of the year they've had 38 murders in Toronto city of five million people last year with this time they had 41.
We're down to 38.
I remember that number from Detroit from 1997 360 and that was this is all kinds of murders with knives and guns or whatever Detroit had like 360 and I was just with handguns or guns are various kinds.
Detroit's got about I think much of Detroit about four million people three four million.
Twenty before 11 at five 60 WQ way suck it in and hold it.
I don't know if you remember me because I was the guy whose house you said I'm by your last view.
God I miss you even though you blow up my car.
Cut all my hair off I miss you girl.
But one quick question do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this mint.
No one's been me for weeks but I'm not complaining don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother we better know I'm not dead yet.
The irrilandes I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me.
He kind of looked and talked just like me but that's surely purely coincidental.
I was nowhere near that place I love you too much to look at anyone else.
Dear a litigit I had a dentist appointment that day and I was nowhere near the Sharon Settles Lids Hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good and wins all those rambies has all that money.
Pen 46 at 560 WQ and Hank Holberg at Schulis State 2 at 2 o'clock we got the Booster big five Booster 6 to 7.
Can I ask you to play the Panthers Pavell Brewery might play might play they're not giving us a definitive answer because they want us to show up tonight you know I'm saying.
So anyway this representative Henry Bonilla Republican of Texas says.
He invokes the deadly school shootings at littleton Colorado last April as the urge his colleagues to support this measure.
You want to hear what this proposed resolution that they want Congress to pass says.
The proposed resolution would urge the high court to overturn the fifth circuits decision which bans the apprares and rule that the pregame prayers are constitutional
a proposal states that prayers at public school sporting events are entirely consistent with our American heritage of seeking divine guidance and protection in all of our undertakings.
Well undertakers generally do say something about God don't think mumble prayers undertakers.
With the recent incidents of violence in schools as evidence of the came marble moral fiber in America how can we prevent our children from utilizing prayer to guide them their endeavors he said.
If I can pull a quarter out of my pocket reading God be trust how can our courts prohibit our children from asking and wait to hear this again just goes back to what I said a minute ago.
How can we prohibit our children from asking God to watch over them as they play a little football on a Friday night.
This is your God who has time with all the people starving with all the grotesque injustice with all the hate with all the death this is a God who's got time according to this disposal to watch over our little kids as they play a little football on a Friday night.
And do a little tailgating at a little drinking and a little screw on.
Here's for a lot of day hello.
Am I on? Yes sir.
Oh okay. Sounds good like you.
Well I comment about the religion and whatnot but in basis it's a good theory but it just gets carried through.
Well what's a good theory? Well the 10 commandments be good to people this that and the other thing the basics but it gets carried away and everybody that goes to jail gets religion.
Yeah and just like Clinton had to go and have his prayer breakfast after he dumped that bomb on God that's good.
But the reason I call is when if you're old Neil Rogers best of tapes has a clip of Larry King on the air.
Right and somebody calls in right and Larry loses Larry with Larry wigs out. Yeah sounds like he's absolutely.
He was unhealthy on. I'm sorry. He was unhealthy on.
Why I don't know. He was not a drug.
My God he sounded like it's you know taking a handful of loot or something.
He had I guess.
But that's a little clip I think the people would enjoy.
Okay. All right. I think I'm going to have a great day.
Okay. And he was trying to give me to play it I think is that what he's trying to say.
I don't want to really come out and say that. I'll think about it. We got it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 we still got two 300 open lines here this morning.
I'm waiting to get saved here today. Okay.
Since I'm in the tiny minority here.
Since I'm one of those very few like Jesse the body Ventura.
I'm going to tell you something. I'm proud to be on a side with him.
I'll let him protect me.
From all these good religions to stand at the one thing you do need by the way you need to be protected.
And this representative gene green.
Democratic Texas a sponsor of this resolution.
Says you can have some type of religious observance of prayer in athletic event.
You can do it and not in fringe of people's freedom of religion.
Well I hate to break the news to your representative gene green gang green.
But the fact is how about people's freedom from religion not people's freedom of religion people's freedom from religion.
Keep it where it belongs.
Keep the fairy tales with the fairies.
Okay. Keep it in your church.
Keep it in your mosque.
Keep it in your synagogue.
Keep it in your home.
And stop trying. This is the problem with religion.
I don't give a crap what kind of fairy tales you believe.
But keep it to yourself.
I mean so okay if Bella LaGosee should come to town.
I understand you whip out the crucifix.
All right.
If father or tool comes down.
Maybe you won't want to whip it up.
Or maybe you might.
I don't know.
It's so basic.
When are we going to get more thinking people in this goddamn country to say stop imposing crap on the rest of us.
And just like what Jesse Ventura said.
It's used as a tool to try to allow people to stick their nose into our business.
That's what it is.
A weapon.
If you want to believe these crazy things, go right ahead.
If you don't want to go to that swing club, nobody's going to drag you off the streets.
If you want to go to see support that adult business or whatever it is, nobody's going to drag you in there.
But don't try to dictate to 270 million people every goddamn thing that we do in our lives.
That's where it's got to stop.
And this notion of having religious ceremonies mixed with football is is asinine is ludicrous.
Every other sporting event in the world somehow tennis match today.
At tennis today have parry before tennis.
How about golf? Do they share parry before golf match?
No.
No.
Only football.
Because it's a redneck thing.
And of course, I mean redneck's without religion.
Just go to Nashville.
You'll see no such thing.
There is no such thing as redneck's without religion.
Here's a mobile in the Grove.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Good morning.
Great subject.
Buenos dias.
Ashley, I want to talk to you about another bit of stupidity.
What happened to see this guy, Marshall Frank's opinion piece in the herald yesterday about racial profiling?
No.
This guy was at X-cop somewhere in Florida for 30 years talking about how racial profiling is good.
I mean, using examples like these two black kids in a Mercedes with their cap turn backwards driving around in 99% white neighborhood that they should be pulled over.
And the old, you know, tired argument of most crime is committed by blacks.
Therefore, they should be pulled over.
I mean, I'm reading it.
If it's in my neighborhood, I would agree with that, but not in New York.
No, not in my not in the Grove, definitely.
No.
Not outside of the traction to Grove.
That's right.
But it's just, I mean, I realize the opinion pages are, you know, for every opinion.
But this guy was just, it was Astonine.
And it scares me to think that this guy was a policeman justifying that pulling two black kids over a stadium.
Oh, this guy was at the top?
At the top.
Now he's supposedly living somewhere, writing a book.
If you get a chance, check it out.
It was in yesterday's herald.
And it just astounded me.
I mean, herald, a print something.
Now, what was the headline in the article?
Keep those sparsers out of my hood.
Something like that.
It was a little more team than that.
I know.
Now I know where to find it now.
Yeah, if you get a chance, Pickler, hey, one other thing I'm going to tell you was that I just moved back down here.
I went to a dolphin gang last month.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't stand up during the invocation.
Good for you.
Here we go.
God bless you, sir.
All right.
Here's a guy with a pair of balls.
But you know what happened to me?
Yeah.
The guy behind me kicks me with his foot.
And I turn around and he motions with his hand like stand up.
He kicked you with his foot.
This good religious side of a bitch.
Yep.
And like motion to me like you should be standing up, buddy.
They're giving the indication.
And what did you do?
Oh, I just ignored him.
I mean, God knows that someone like that may do.
But that's the kind of nutball as you got.
Thanks for the good news.
Nice going, pal.
All right.
Thank God for you.
There's one.
There is one.
There was me in Fat Rich.
Maybe five other people out of like 73,000, whatever that stadium holds.
Week after week, home game after home game.
Sit on our big fat ass during the invocation.
Refuse to get up.
And this is another one of the 5,000 topics I brought up.
50 million times over these last 20 years that almost nobody will touch.
And you want to know why?
Because you're too goddamn embarrassed.
You're a bunch of pussies.
You're a bunch of pussies.
You're willing to be subjected to this crap.
Here I was one of the one of a handful.
Maybe a half a dozen Jews in Canada when New York, a real wasp.
Glayish, your town of 10,000 people go to high school.
We had to go to high school, by the way.
No, seriously, we had a good school, but nevertheless we'd go to assembly and they'd do the Lord's prayer.
And Jesus, and I'm sitting there like I'm supposed to bow my head, I'm thinking,
Baffa, and Gula, baby, up your nose with a rubber hose.
I'm not going to bow my head, bow this.
And I had to be subjected.
I couldn't wait until that ended until I could be an adult and I could make my own choices.
And wouldn't have to be subjected like some kind of a child to this kind of garbage.
And now you pay whatever it is, of course, I don't pay for those tickets.
All right, Elmo, you know something that's wrong.
I did pay for my own tickets for five years.
All five years, I was a dolphin, season ticket holder, and I could have gone for free to the sky box.
Didn't do it.
The only thing I had I did get the parking free.
Thank you so much.
What's his name over there?
I go Phil Costin?
Well, we could sure use a guy like Phil Costin over here.
He wouldn't stick around here too long.
He'd take one look at this place and say, oh, no, thanks.
No, thank you.
Paid my own harder money to go there, get those great seats on the 50 yard line.
Thanks to Fat Rich.
What kind of flowers do you want, Rich?
And here I got to be subjected to this crap.
And after five years of boredom anyway, I mean, really, thermal and drunks.
And just as much as silly as people with their hurricane outfits, I just finally said,
I'll stay home and watch it on TV.
Who needs this?
And you know something, when I stay home and watch it on TV, I don't get up in a living room and say a prayer before the game.
And now that I got the, no, seriously, now that I got the package on a small dish, the NFL Sunday package,
it's got all the games on there.
I mean, I can't get up 14.
I'm too old and fat because you got all the one o'clock games and all the four o'clock games.
You all start like simultaneously.
If you kept getting up, you wouldn't be fat.
I probably lose a lot of weight up and down and up and up.
And Jesus another guy different here.
Get up again.
Oh, it's the bear's game.
I would get up again.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I've got a Mutton Jeff Rimmer report.
Yeah.
By the way, that was great before.
He would know Pavlov, the Roy from Raymond Burr.
Right.
That was excellent.
Okay, so you would know Radik DeVorek from Radik Perot.
Very good.
Listen, last Saturday night during the end of the game, were you listening to them or you're, you know,
how I wasn't here?
I was in Toronto.
That is correct, sir.
Okay, well, I got to tell you this.
You know how Rimmer will, will basically, they'll talk about anything they see.
You know, if Radik DeVorek smiles, they'll say, oh, look at that smile, Danny.
Yeah.
Radik tells me when he's happy, he likes to smile.
Right.
So anyway, so what I think was Ryan Johnson, the other guy named that, right here.
Right.
He was taken out of the mouthpiece and Dennis Pardven did a whole dissertation on, you know,
he wears that mouthpiece, not only to protect his teeth, but also it helps prevent, you know,
it helps prevent from concussions because it absorbs the blood evenly throughout the mouth, you know,
a whole medical...
Yeah, right.
When he was done giving this whole dissertation about how it helps prevent concussions, Rimmer says,
not only that, Danny, but it also helps prevent concussions.
Not a boy, Rimmer.
Oh, they said sometimes.
Exactly.
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Thank you.
Nice going, Rimmer.
How's Radik Perodon, by the way?
I know they're all bunch of foreigners anyway.
Three minutes before 11 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Nixigars has got a great deal for you.
Today, what is today?
Wednesday?
How come we didn't have a Nix spot yesterday, by the way?
Now that's pretty interesting.
Yeah, that's pretty bizarre.
Well, you know, Astasales managed her season expert.
And she never lies by the way.
WQAM.
Oh, I have a good party day.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
It's 1102 at 560 WQAM.
OK, we got 600 open lines again.
Every line was lit on there and you go into that break and you just sit here and now that we got this big screen, it's almost a sexual watching those things kind of like
pop off there.
Wow.
560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless light.
Well, see, they're highly motivated.
They've got a realster.
And of course, the guy, he was a good guy that got a couple of calls ago.
The one that came back to town and didn't stand up.
But he agrees with me, see?
It doesn't take any balls for the people who agree with you to call.
But the people who disagree, the pushy's out there that go along with his crap and allow themselves to be manipulated when they're paying their own harder and money.
They then don't have the courage of their convictions.
They're easily intimidated, especially by me, which is very sad.
Pushy's.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how are you doing, buddy?
OK.
Yeah, talking about that guy thing, you know, I wanted to add that I was watching his program last night in the history channel.
Yeah.
It's a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very,, most, most deemicia that we call the
Eloxia. We all these lowony Komment work and of course we teach into this divine and results of Je From
the Earth. We all these lowfact-based people who bely do4g, and these good traits come from the
tournament, or in the midst of much influence of a projects like From the Way, or in the middle of
let me say it against that i've said it many many times i'm always proud to say it
because it's on the there's no one debating it
the catholic church is the greatest pervader of misery and suffering of any
institution on the face of the year
that i had it's true
and and when he's trying to the president's trying to solve a problem here
the first one's a complaint
uh... is a church
it's a ridiculous i mean they're trying to tear ice people saying that now don't
listen to them that's completely against anti christian the law of the church
and all that but come on i mean they
these people make a hundred bucks a month
and we would have they could whether the kids were up to be
the length wins drug addicts and all that they don't have jobs there's no
opportunity for
so why is it just to win this is completely ridiculous the numbers game
exactly
we can get we can just get up to ten billion people at the end of next year
we uh... you know in five years i'm a seriously it's an exploit i mean
i don't even make babies man
i mean if you look at india was there's eight hundred eighty million or
china was thirteen hundred million of course
they have a different economic system
but there's just so much people
forced sterilization and worse like a charm
it that's what he tried to do but they they complain about that and every
you know the church was the first one uh... come with the count to give the
pope the baffa google that'll settle the message have a great day of you go
are you two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t
wireless life let's pray before the show every day
if anybody needs to pray that maybe just a stuff will work in here
which so far today it's working
course it's not even noon yet not even close
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless
line and by the way let me just give you a little bit of advice out there
for you and your pets
humans and animals don't ever get sick on sunday
if you're pet you never get sick on sunday and you call on those emergency
numbers you know what they'll tell you
they'll probably tell you something that sounds like that
well that doesn't sound like an emergency to me
give them some k.o. pectade call us tomorrow
you're not supposed to get sick on Sunday and of course if it's a human being
god forbid you just forget it your doctor he's out playing golf
here's a mobile and cutlerage hello
mobile and cutlerage hello yes I am
hey I want to talk to you about the hurricane yesterday the forecast and yes
as far as the weather the weather man I've got those guys a break because you
can watch a radar and see that I move and did you see it disappear and move to
the I wasn't here I was out of town I left
there but they didn't have it on the radar it moved to the west it almost
disappeared and then showed up like 50 miles to the west
and as far as the flood control guys what the guy I'm 50 miles to the west of
what to the east it moved 50 that the I was like
disappear and jogged it did it twice on the radar yeah where you can see that
thing coming at us and anybody who who you know
even on the outskirts of the way I don't understand if you could see it if
they if the viewer could see it coming at us then how come the weather guys
were supposed to be meteorologists and were supposed to trust for advice how
come they couldn't see it well who the heck can predict mother see to that being
close right you just got you to your company yourself you just got through
telling me you could see it moving yeah you could see it move like that too I
I was in the middle thank you thank you
you could see it moving and the hurricane too
five six seven oh five sixty let's pray to God that this guy gets a brain
before it's too late for him okay all these people
contradicting themselves on and on and on
ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
just like Jim very indow what's his name in the last night
yeah yeah yeah Panthers are undefeated
I mean this is just a place where they were the level of discourse where the
level of life is on such a low like on the bottom shelf
way down there on the bottom shelf of the human cabinet you don't talk about
the human cabinet
jacelyn elders used to be in the human cabinet but then she started open up for
big black mouth too much nine minutes after 11 at five sixty wq
at first I need a little priest George this is a Robert
I'm flying in out of town all the time on business whatever I look up for a
good sports talk radio station and happen to fly Neil Rogers be honest with you
pathetic very pathetic and this guy I mean if this is all you got in the sports
talk radio it is horrible so I definitely try to find somebody better that's
for sure and his whole gd thing and everything else just tell him one day we'll
all face the Lord all right have a great day thank you
have a great day one day we'll all face the Lord we'll be facing the wall
we have our hands I mean what's that going to be like when we face the Lord
when we face yeah I face him every day in the mirror day into pretty sight I'll tell you that every
morning still haven't had any response I mean I ask very simple questions I know most of
you out there are believed originally this book rep and it doesn't make you bad people
you're just weak like Jesse Ventura said you weak minded because they stored your brain when
you were little child and you feel well if the majority of the people believe this crap I
better believe it too just in case release pretended I do even though in my mind I know I don't
very simple questions like why did God and vent hill I asked that last week that we didn't answer
no and today I'm asking a very it might even easier question if there are six billion people in
the world how can God hear everybody's prayers at the same time
huh the really big years he's got big years like Ross Perot like Dumbo
come on let's hear it we want a god damn it oh sorry we want a damn god damn answer
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless I have only pity for guys like this jackass
oh he's looking for good sports radio oh stick it up your ass okay you jackass if you listen to
the show for more than five minutes and you think this is a sports show you must be a real moron
or retard yeah sports again give it a rest already okay how many times can they rehash the same bull
crap this guy wouldn't know Neil Rogers from Kenny Rogers and by the way I didn't walk anybody last
night here's a mobile and four-letter hello me oh I don't know how to do without the basis
voting yes sir I went to the bills game you know the Monday night game right up to that point I
had season tickets up for the last 13 years I didn't renew them this year and I just sick of the
whole the whole scene having drunk you call over me and what not right yeah it's ridiculous up
your schitzing it's a hundred degrees so I want with a skull that I want used to go with when I
had season tickets so of course the invocation came and I didn't stand up here's another one see
the people I'd agree with me they're the ones that are calling all the rest of you lemmings out
there and I know that all of you go to these games you just there too much of a bunch of pushy
to uh to stand to your ground but you're out in the seat the thing was she drew it she standing up
on what are you what are you doing I said you know I looked at it and people like a bunch of sheep
right it's just a bunch of sheep and unbelievable and did you drag her out make forcer down in the
cheer one why not put your eyes down to see there is just jam her ass down in that seat
you're going to the game tonight yeah I'll be there okay I'll be there there won't be any
invocation there tonight either I'll take it that yeah I'm pretty like Brey plays though I'll
the other thing is uh what a great idea you happy to eat Jewish to understand it but that was
a great line you'll thank you go ahead I'm sorry uh I said you know the other thing to do with it
with the small dish what's the point of going to a football game you can watch whenever you want
on Sunday that's right and now have to put up with a bunch of drunks absolutely correct sir
okay I'll get any off and have a great life and see when you got the football package if one game
turns out to be crappy even if it's your team's game then you turn over and you watch a good game
you'll find one somewhere how do you like that oh that's on right on American you got to go to
football games you're just some kind of a communist five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the AT&T wireless line we're still waiting for the believers out there to tell us how does God
hear everybody's prayers and what's the point in the first place if he doesn't interfere he doesn't
intervene only when he gets pissed off the intervenes like the flood and the locusts and all this
goddamn whether we got he must hate Florida bed I'll tell you that he must be really pissed off
it on because several months ago the whole state was on fire the whole state was burning no we had a drought
now we got we go from one extreme to the other we got worked to our goddamn arm pitch in water
we're up to our record in water so he must really be taken out on us even though he doesn't
interfere only when he gets real pissed here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine hello
hey Neil yes sir uh if the act is the one time ago it very well in it uh-huh lost about 35
pounds I gained about 10 pull back yeah I thought that some reason women don't seem to do that well
in it do you agree no I don't we had our friend and outflanding lady used to call us some
engineers ago she lost a lot of a ton of weight I'm probably a hundred pounds but she came back
or what not that I know I don't think so I was calling to ask you something maybe your listeners
also know something about this you heard or procedure called Ben Barra what is it barometric or
something like that with a solar stomach half open so you don't have half a stomach and I
have heard of that yeah well why would you want to do that well supposedly you lose like
tons of weight you can never gain it back because you don't you don't have the full stomach yet
yeah but why do you want to put you up your body like that I can't lose weight what else you're
gonna do how how much weight you have to lose uh well they only do it uh they're
literally very very obese people that is correct a hundred pounds or over right and I'm just
wondering if you have to lose for me no no 35 so I would do that oh I know someone that's
considering that procedure yeah now they do it uh I also found out they do laparoscopy
where they just do a little incisions and they do it that way you don't have to just like my
gallbladder surgery piece of cake that I thought it was gonna die from oh you laparoscopic surgery
I'm an expert on that never again never again I remember that one more thing Neil I also
be waiting for photography on the weekend right and I ran into a Catholic priest who was giving
advice to the groom on marriage yeah and I look at it nice it looks kind of funny you know I just
did no sagging in the church yeah wait wait so then um I look up at the altar and the guy's still
giving the guy advice and then you know the guy's getting a little annoyed the groom you know he
has bright coming down the aisle right I look back I'm gonna start and I really get the attention
of the guy also the guy comes the bright comes up the altar you know the groom takes hold of
right and the priest starts to talk well I found out the Truman Cuscoady was more macho than this guy
right I mean I've never seen a more gayer person in my life well there's always gotta be one you know
and a great day okay just your imagination always gotta be one he's probably the token
of gay priest we know there's no gay priest there's no gay's at the Vatican we know the Swish Guard
there are a bunch of macho guys five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
what is the word hypocrisy come to mind every time I think of the Catholic church that's one of
the it just immediately freezes on my brain hypocrisy here's sunrise hello yes sir how's it going okay
yeah the last time I went to a football game and I didn't stand during the prayer the guy kicked my
scene I turned around and said do you really want to find out if there is a devil kick it one more
time and I'll turn into it uh-huh I mean they're unbelievable these prayer people and then I had
about 20 people yelling at me I said sit down I said you know there is no God you had 20 people
yelling at you yeah why can't they're mind their own god damn business well well that's
eventually what happened but you know last night here's here's a funny thing here's another
proof that there is no God you know with all the school shootings last year there was one in
Kanye's Georgia Rockdale County these were the same kids it was a special on PBS about the
lost children of Kanye's county or something there was a syphilis outbreak there in 96 because
of all the teenagers between the ages of 12 and 16 were just screwing their brains out oh my god
doing drugs yeah going crazy right but every Thursday went to prayer meeting I mean and they
were showing them at prayers how could these good little kids right be having group sex and boy
on boy on girl boys the whole stuff going crazy and it was a whole syphilis outbreak and then it
just coincidence that six months later at this heritage high school that's where one of the shootings
took place also right after I mean the whole there was no limits on these kids at all all the
parents but but God on Thursday night you know was gonna was gonna say that sounds like the true
deep southern mentality like a national air every every street core has got a church on it and on
the other corner is a bar yeah and they were asking and now it's a couple years later well not the
shooting was just last year but the syphilis outbreak was like three years ago right with the same
kids and they would talking you know what did you learn from this and they didn't learn anything
you know they're still back to their Thursday prayer they they they they went deeper into prayer
saying that well that's gonna stop at the next time and it's just a sad case of well well I'm
still trying to find out of God's hearing our prayers and I if not I'm always my time anymore well
let me put this way if you had that many if I have three people talking to me at the same time
I tune them all out right exactly so could you imagine the world speaking to you at one time yeah
there's got to be millions and millions all are hockin and trotica at the same time and you know
you know when to give you the crappy reason well everything happens for a reason no yeah
it has a lot of a lot of crap you know you know you know the cop out oh yeah it was his it was his time
it was her time right it's nobody's time when you have a good young person or old perg doesn't
make a difference who when they go and they die oh it's God's will that's not God's will
must be cancer must be God's will too why can't you just get hit by a truck you know get run over
and about two-side die instantly it's better than that but anyway have a great thing thanks okay
five say they say we're here from all the people which is fine who agree all 20 of us who used to
stand up or do stand up at these invocations but all the other believers out there like always
mumm is the word their lips are sealed because they just don't want to be out of line they just
want to go along with the crowd they don't want to make any waves there are a bunch of lemmings
there are a bunch of sheep five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's Margate hello good morning Neil yes sir I hear this water okay you know I agree with you
100 percent now everybody does have the right to believe whatever they want to believe I mean I
think that's really great and you know something brother the book of Moses tells us that God
not only hears our prayers oh really yes sir how does he know every hit here on our head huh because
I study to have you because why I study to have you yes uh huh okay then you must know
the what it says I don't know if it's ridiculous he let his people out why his people
well let me let me just like just like circumcision okay just like circumcision if Jews are
supposed to be circumcised why aren't they born that way because it was an act of obedience my friend
you that just proves how little you really know that that's no that that's not the point point is
if all if all Jewish babies is the real Jews because even claim our circumcised sir you don't
want to have a conversation or do I do is attack me I don't know this I don't have a very
simple question to an act of obedience you'll be obedience you're okay I'll be the maverick you'll
be the obedient lemon five six seven oh five two and he still didn't answer my question
he hears all of our prayers anybody believe that no no and especially if you're praying about
football games protecting those little kids at those football games now how come God is here and
always prayers and yet kids go out there high school kids go out there in the practice field and
they die sudden the heart attack die right there on the field basketball players
well I'm so I forgot it was their time I'm sorry see you have this big big it's like a net a
big catch all a huge net and every time something horrible happened oh it was their time well thank
you God thank you for your leukemia and your cancer and your syphilis and your AIDS and all these
other things thank you for all these strains of bacteria that we can't destroy thank you for
inventing all these grotesque life forms you see when you understand that nature doesn't play any
favorites nature just like just like they say crap happens that's it crap happens nature is indifferent
just like with a hurricane like with the earthquake in California it just happens that's
something you can accept that's something you can live with but the idea that there's this
God up there who allows these things or even even creates them to happen that's sick
and then to try to rationalize it see what happens is we had a bunch of silly primitive people
who invented some really grotesque silly stuff so now here we are thousands of years later and
we've got all these people like this guy desperately trying to rationalize it
1127 at 560 WQM your heathen station for the 90s holy macken on this is joe bohe on the voice
of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
it's so hard to be myself yes because the group that I'm in sounds like everyone else
on the charts and the all day and we sing just like girls and we're really type I think
you
you
If we could sound the same, there would be for me,
they'd be changing, and boy, don't you know?
Shall we back in time, yes, sound just like a...
I can feel it, it's confusing,
Maybe I can go, call my mask in, just once is explained,
you're fine with me, I can feel it,
I don't know what to think, but I know this don't seem,
nobody knows, we all pass it through,
over asking can you tell us our name?
No.
Just we can see it,
I'm so pleased.
Oh, I'm pleased with it.
We can see it.
Malikim say bad stuff this time, I like that.
26-4-0 is 560 WQM, Hank from Mashoola's today,
the Boogster 6-7, the Florida Panthers, the undefeated Panthers,
are they undefeated?
No.
Just ask Jim Berry and...
Because that's what they said on Channel 4 News last night.
Anyway, the 4-1-1 Panthers, October grade start against Vancouver tonight,
and Pavel Buray, Buruchatanaib, Buray Puyaglofen,
might be playing tonight against his old team, we hope we pray.
That was one of the great lines he ever came up with,
and the problem is that all these going, they don't understand it,
including George.
Here's a mobile in the Gables, hello.
Mobile in the Gables.
Yeah, man.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I think I got the answer for the...
He was looking for last week.
For what?
About what the God created, shall we?
Yes.
So they just can leave in it.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks my anti-Semitic, so a big friend.
560-7-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
She wants to think about the Cubans they spread it around.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just didn't know if you read this article in the heralds today about how the Jordan found the New Holy Land.
No.
Now, because this morning...
Is that Michael Jordan?
Yeah, it could be, who knows.
Vernon Jordan?
I know, but this archaeologist over in Jordan is working on this site for three years.
Yeah.
And they said that they found where Jesus was baptized again.
Oh, anyway, now there's three sects over there that have acclaimed to the Holy Land.
There's Arabia, there's Israel, now there's Jordan.
And I don't know where the Holy Land is, you know, honestly.
I thought it was in Palmyra, New York where Joseph Smith found those tablets.
Well, that goes through KT in the morning.
KT in the morning.
No, but as far as religion goes and things like this, you know, my ancestors are originally from Ireland.
And I've been studying the Celtics from.
And one thing I found out about, like it's hard at the Christians ago, is that one of their models is now felt not killing things like this.
Yeah, accepting it was in Ireland.
Well, exactly.
I mean, they went and wiped out entire cultures and things like this.
And they had these, you know, they had these inquisitions of the witches and things where they would actually cut off their breasts.
And then they would pull their teeth out while they were alive.
Right.
Like this, you know.
And I just, I don't know, I just don't care which one they ain't either.
No, they didn't.
They know what our books, they know we says.
I hate the Irish.
Well, you know him.
Yes.
All right. Well, that's all I have to say, Neil.
And God bless you, sir.
Take care, sir.
Thank you. That's your stop-to-manage tracks, when Al says.
I hate the Irish.
Just shop in flat, stop in cold.
Well, you look at Northern Ireland, you look at your crusades, you look at your Spanish inquisition, you look at Indian Pakistan, you look all over the world, and it's great.
It's beautiful. It's a wonderful thing.
I don't see any, well, why you can go in with?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I guess the proof that God exists is when they have these Moronic Post-Game interviews, after a sporting event, and the athlete from the winning team says, well,
I, your first nap, and he was praised God, you all for whoever else you saw you, too.
Because he listened to my prayers, but he didn't listen to the other team's prayers.
Thank the good Lord, because God bet on his team today, don't you understand?
God has gotten men of these Moronic Post-Game interviews as well.
How do you feel about winning the game? What do you expect these people?
They're just so moronic.
Every time you flip on any of these channels, including CNN, you see some dumb jock or coach or jackass sitting at a table behind a microphone and a bunch of idiotic...
And this is a new thing now. This has only happened in the last few years to kill time for all these God-Dent TV channels.
That's it. They don't even have time anymore to...
I remember growing up in New York, Washington, Washington, Greg, it's a press conference.
You know, we got to get that on here, right?
I remember them always having to throw a spangled banner before the game on TV.
They don't even do that anymore because they have to sell advertising time.
So they can't, they don't even have time for the throw a spangled banner.
Right. That's right.
Hey, I got to change the subject. One thing, I got to make...
Although no, we will have both National Anthem's at the Macarena.
With Alhant, with Alhant, with O Canada and the other one.
Without question.
Hey, listen, anybody out there shopping, and I don't know Neel, you may use a debit card, what have you, but your problem...
You're obviously intelligent enough to understand how to use the thing.
I'm so sick and tired, I go into public, I buy some fruit, I buy it by the way.
Edy's dreamery ice cream. Very, very delicious.
Yeah, the new stuff.
The new stuff. Very good.
So I'm in there, I got a jar of fruit and a pint of ice cream.
And I got two ladies, very nice ladies.
You might not be like, we're in another probably in the 80s.
15 minutes to try to figure out how to use the stupid debit card.
Oh, I'm just going to explain. Listen, if you don't have 20 hours in your pocket,
you have something I agree with you. It's a very good point.
When I see a sign that says, express line, that should mean is no debit cards, no credit cards, no checks, no coupons, no pot skiing around, good old-fashioned cash money.
There are two ATM machines in the store.
Right. And it got to be a ATM machine. Get cash, get out of line.
Right.
Unbelievable.
She should only croak, sir. Unbelievable.
Believe me, she will.
Thank you.
And have a great day. Depend on it.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line, 21-till noon at QAM.
This is 560-QAL.
560-560 on the AT&T wireless line, 21-till noon at QAM.
560-560 on the AT&T wireless line, 21-till noon at QAM.
This is 560-560 on the AT&T wireless line, 21-till noon at QAM.
This is 560-560 on the AT&T wireless line, 21-till noon at QAM.
This is 560-560 on the AT&T wireless line, 21-till noon at QAM.
This is 560-560 on the AT&T wireless line, 21-till noon at QAM.
This is 560-560 on the AT&T wireless line, 21-till noon at QAM.
This is 560-560 on the AT&T wireless line, 21-till noon at QAM.
I don't agree with the criminalizing hero when in cocaine, just like this guy that wrote the article.
And I do agree of course with the marijuana thing, and this guy's not like me, so we all ought to rethink this.
But I can't find the goddamn thing. Maybe somebody out there knows what page it's on, and which paper.
Damn it.
560-560-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, Daniel over there, where is Daniel from?
Boy Anderson High sends me a nice three-page fact.
Did you read this this morning, by the way?
No. Why not?
I don't go through your facts. Why not? Could it be something good?
But anyway, it was something good, but not for you.
But in a right Daniel's a high school senior, and a great young man, and he wants to know what he had of his at the end.
As far as the spec's thing is concerned, and swapping the CDs, we'll let you know in the next day or two.
Oh, we also just got a spy report about that we need a confirmation on.
That somebody wanted to spec to try to buy one, and they're not exactly the spec, so they have the product.
Yeah.
They're not ready to tell them because they don't have them coded or whatever.
So, I don't know how many stores that's going on with or what.
They have them. They just can't sell them yet, because they have to put a UPC code on them or a price tag or...
A fake...
...a gunblood or something.
So, a lot of questions.
Like I said, next year, who is when we start our best stuff campaign?
God, I'm having to relapse.
Thanks for the good news, George.
Also, Daniel, want to know if we have...
I'm not laughing at him. I'm laughing with him, okay, because he understands what a bogus place does.
He's interested in knowing if we were a show or WQM itself offers scholarships for high achievers.
No, actually, Daniel, we offer scholarships for low achieving.
If you could come in here and see the kind of people we've got working here, you know what I'm talking about?
Roy!
So, thanks for the laugh, Daniel. It's a great fact, and best of luck, and the answer, unfortunately, is...
No.
...and we'll let you know on swapping the CDs.
Well, that's what he wanted. No.
He knows better, but he was just hoping for the best, you know?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Uncle Mew.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Okay.
You're never going to get an answer to your question.
I know that.
Because you know it's about the horse poo.
Right.
Well, listen, I was...
As a Catholic, I'm always going to school every week.
To the school every week.
To the one?
The CCD.
Catholic school, you know, it's one of those things where you learn about God and why he's so great.
I used to get thrown out of class because I used to have the teacher, you know?
If Donald created the world in seven days like he supposedly did, and man was created first,
would the help of the dinosaurs come from?
Right.
You know, so you used to kick me out of class and I asked too many questions.
That's just accepted and this and that.
Oh, you don't understand.
There would have heard any dinosaurs.
All those things that God had like in the New York Museum of Natural Science.
That's all man made.
It's just the...
Yeah, exactly.
It never really existed.
It's a plot.
Yeah.
Well, that's all I got for you today.
Thanks a lot, sir. I'll pray for you.
All right. Thank you.
Maybe God will hear me.
I doubt it, though. He's busy.
He's busy with the football players.
See, that's why the other athletes, they don't have the prayers before they get...
God's not interested. He's not a hockey fan, not a basketball fan.
Baseball's too slow-paced. He likes football. God's a football fan.
Right next.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T riders.
I love this one. I do.
Now, we did make a little progress a couple of weeks ago with that fraternity thing,
with the hazing thing.
I tried that about 10 different times over the years.
Never got anybody out of the closet and then we got some great calls.
And once we get that voice rhetoric in here...
What do you want me to say?
We got this monitor in here today that Greg Green came in and looked at it.
Hey, that's really...like that.
I said, yeah, thanks a lot, Greg.
Oh, yeah, he's the best.
Here's a mobile in poker. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi. I'm Tony Sampson, really fine.
I just got back from 5 great days in Vegas, which was a fabulous trip.
Right.
The war on fight amusing was the local media.
It's just like here.
They ended the earth.
It's Friday night.
We went to bed about midnight.
And sometimes around 3 in the morning.
We slept right through it.
The next day, the local media was filming at the mouth end of the world interviewing everyone
and their brother about where were you when you had 10 minutes of shaking.
It was just like Hurricane Floyd here when the media was filming at the mouth.
And that was a non-event, really, in Vegas.
Where'd you stay?
Mandalay Bay.
Was it great?
Oh, fabulous.
The rooms were good.
Fantastic.
Aughty, it's brand new.
And the wash, you know, I was incredible.
They have this water show out front that's like water fireworks on a light show every half hour.
Yeah, it's incredible.
Well, thank you.
We don't have all that here, right?
Right.
Okay, thanks for having a good time.
Thank you.
We don't have, you know, because it, you know, crowds, all these crowds and all these people coming in,
ties up the roads.
We don't like to have too many good times down here.
We like to keep it just the way it is.
De-king.
Five, oh, and by the way, speaking of decay, the Herald All Week is one of the big thing, a big series on MIA on the airport,
what a toilet it is, and how it's such a piece of crap and all the corruption out there.
A little bit late now, isn't it, boys?
Now that the horse is out of the barn, here it is.
Day by day, the Herald, what they found, and they got like a whole week,
a whole week of stories, exposs.
Like last Sunday, they started out this past Sunday, how political deal-making is dragging down the airport.
Monday, many travelers say MIA is a headache and are choosing other gateways.
Tuesday, yesterday, construction, debt and competition, threat and MIA's future.
Today, they got a big Sunday, about Concourse H.
Flaw's revealed problems in the $5.4 billion building program,
and it goes on a great length of the model, the cost overruns, and what a scam it is, and it's a piece of crap.
It's sterile.
Have you ever been in Concourse H?
Which is, huh?
Yeah.
I mean, it's new, and you got the escalators, but there's nothing there.
Which goes on to the mall, which I can't wait for tomorrow.
Why MIA has fewer of the high-end shops and restaurants found in other airports?
What an understatement that is.
There's nothing there.
Friday, MIA's bid to become a world-class airport may fall short by design, it says.
And next Sunday, focus section on how top-notch airports keep politics out.
How unusual, huh?
Political corruption in Miami.
Yeah, how unusual.
Not to mention all the drugs and the hand grenades.
But the one tomorrow I can't wait to see, because you go into any other airport anywhere in this country,
and around the rest of the world, I consider life countries.
With the exception, I would say, of Pearson Airport in Toronto, which is a very, very old and old-fashioned.
There's not much to it.
But other than that, you go into almost any airport anywhere, and they have food courts.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
Yeah, because if you don't want to eat the crappy food on a plane, every airport I can think of,
Cincinnati has got a great food court.
Atlanta, Dallas, any of them, Boston, anywhere you go, food courts.
Like with all different kinds of fast food.
I mean, you name it.
Everything out of the sun.
Chinese food, burgers, everything.
Do we have that here?
No.
And of course, all the high-end shops.
You go into the most airports, and they get all these real classy shops.
Very expensive stuff, but beautiful stuff.
You go into Skipelat Airport and Amsterdam.
You could get lost in there.
It keeps getting bigger and bigger.
They keep expanding.
It's unbelievable.
You hop on the train right there, and the airport takes you right to the central station downtown,
right to the heart of the city.
Do we have any of those things out of the airport here?
No.
I don't understand it.
Couldn't have to do with corruption, come on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Talk about collective prayer.
Where was that bastard, God, when 26, 20 million Jews were praying for help.
How is it, moving the back?
20 million Jews at Trebinka, Daka, and all those death gans.
Where was that bastard?
Where was he?
Where was he?
He was busy.
Probably at a football game.
He was probably at a football game.
Anyhow, that is such a...
Here, we are in the supposedly entering the 21st century,
and we're still believing stuff that existed four or five thousand years ago.
That's the saddest part.
Primitive ignorant people who battled like a bunch of lunatics,
who didn't know up from down, who didn't know day from night,
who knew nothing about science, nothing about weather, nothing about anything.
Every time there was a rainstorm, God was pissed off.
And now, here we are two thousand years later as you very accurately point out, sir,
and people are still believing as crap.
And people are...
By faith, will this...
This gloomy concept of...
By faith, a tradition like circumcision.
Because they have no idea where circumcision started from and what the philosophy is.
And they still carry on this crap.
Can you imagine that?
It's a billion dollar industry of fourskins.
By the way, you know where fourskins go after their...
Probably in Spain, they eat them over there.
They ship to Ireland, they're planted, and 20 years later, they come back to New York cops.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you so much.
Excellent.
That was good.
That was almost as good as Buruch, I thought, I don't know, Bur, Puy, Haggotha, but not quite.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's the problem with the world, man. Too many goyems.
Here's a mobile in Weston, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the insurers companies are at it again, ripped this off after the hurricane.
Yeah.
They had a little leak in my roof, you know, ceiling got wet.
And I was only about a 10-year-old house.
I go to the state farm to find out, you know, what my coverage is.
And I only have a $500 deductible on anything else that happens.
If it happens by a named storm, then it's 5% of something here.
To get my deductible, $6,500.
Yeah.
Is that amazing or what?
It's unbelievable.
I don't know how that deductible is that.
Now because of the hurricane, Andrew, I guess, if this storm that causes the damaged your house has a name,
then they take 5% of the property.
What if it has a name?
So they're taking names.
They take a name, so they can ask.
Okay.
So anyway, I gave up religion and Vietnam.
That did it for me.
I said, how come all this carnage go on?
And people actually believe that there's a guy.
That did it for me.
Name number.
I'm not pretty good at it.
Okay.
I'll buy the way.
A lot of guys believe in that.
I'll say that.
Really?
Oh, God, that's good.
Let me tell you, if there was a God she'd have real breasts.
I know that.
That's not the point.
If there was a God, she would have had to like enlarge her boobs.
She would have had big, beautiful, supple breasts.
And you know, that's the way.
No, seriously, it's like the thing with circumcision.
If God wanted Jews to be circumcised to tell the men from the Goyang or however that thing goes,
they would have been born circumcised.
How's he going to support them if they don't inflict pain on themselves in his name?
That's how they prove that they love God.
You're missing the whole point.
He don't want to put all the boils out of business.
Four minutes before noon at 5.60 Q.A.F.
This is 5.60 Q.A.F.
Oh!
Q.A.F.
I am a poor slaughtered man.
G.E. Bush said that his nose is clean and never put the pinnacle in it.
Cunsy's running for the White House, so he just counted men.
Stone drunk and that's not all even down a few people.
He called the county drugless Jew.
He even dropped some medicine too.
Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press would shut them down.
But if some of you got them business,
he did more than what you think.
But he watched it down the sea.
And he preferred cocaine to hash.
That's the question that he does.
And he makes his point much clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants the two beneath.
That he didn't do anything.
G.E. Bush said his nose is clean and never put the pinnacle in his run.
He's running for the White House.
So he just counted men.
George is clean.
George is clean.
Cunboy 2 at 5.50 W.H.M.
Roberts Steinbach.
He always gets into foods with Leonard Pitts and Freddie Pitts and all those guys.
They all look alike.
But at any rate, the rethinking U.S. drug laws is on page 1B in the date Harold and 9B in the Abroad.
It's a great column.
Although I'm a little bit confused, I thought and maybe we're wrong.
George and I both were under the impression that Gary Johnson is the outgoing governor of New Mexico.
That's what I heard.
And Roberts Steinbach and his very excellent otherwise column today says Arizona Governor Gary Johnson this month became the most prominent American elected official to stand up and state the obvious.
The nations wore on drugs as such an object failure.
It's time to consider some form of legalization.
Anybody out there know as Gary Johnson governor of New Mexico or Arizona?
I don't, it must be Arizona because they all could make another mistake.
But anyway, the article goes on and on and on and we get to the good stuff.
It says this is where Governor Johnson comes in.
He's admitted smoking, not experimenting with marijuana and also using cocaine in college.
Yet today he is a health conscious triathlete who rejects drugs alcohol, even soft drinks.
I made a bad choice, but even then it wasn't the choice that I felt should have landed me in jail.
Johnson told George Washington University audience this month.
Johnson's comments are a striking contrast to melee mouth presidential aspirin George W. Bush who won't admit what is widely presumed that he partied with recreational drugs as a young adult.
It would now here comes the good stuff that would take some powerful rhetoric to make me accept the legalization of hard drugs like cocaine and heroin.
Did we get an answer?
No, oh, somebody was looking for a news reporter.
They were looking for a news report on this station.
Are you out of your...
Oh my God, you got the wrong place.
It had a good story, but it wasn't sports related.
It would take some powerful rhetoric to make me accept the legalization of hard drugs like cocaine and heroin says they're a Robert Steinbach.
But the legalization of marijuana considered by many to be less harmful than alcohol in tobacco is a different matter.
Wait till you hear this number.
More than 600,000 Americans were arrested in 1998 for possession, not for sale of distribution, just for possession of marijuana according to FBI statistics.
Few actually ended up in jail, but the arrest room careers drain family resources to pay for lawyers and for those two-portified created permanent criminal records.
This makes no sense.
Marijuana's been decriminalized in 11 states with no increase in usage.
Also, 85% of regular users use only marijuana.
Make it legal and the government's vast drug fighting machinery could concentrate on the 15% or represent the most serious aspect of the problem.
He says there's one sure way to make this country's drug policy more effective. Talk about it.
Nice going, Robert Steinbach. Let's hear it for a smart citizen. It made some sense today. Nice going, Bobby.
How come these people don't know if Gary Johnson is the governor of her? I was sure he was the governor of New Mexico.
They sit it on CNN. They don't make no mistakes, do they? No.
Now, who would you believe? CNN or the Harold?
Not that it's a big deal. I mean, they're both right down there next to each other.
Although New Mexico is much prettier than Arizona. Do you have any different to their?
New Mexico? Beautiful.
Oh, I mean, there's no people there. Maybe that's why it's beautiful. Just a few Indians.
But the rocks and the whole topography, it's nice.
He went drive too fast. It's boring, but it's beautiful.
Arizona, on the other hand, is kind of like sunrise with a lot of pricks.
5.67, I'm going to have all those cactus plants out there. 5.67, 05.60, 05.5.60 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's Boyton V. Chelo.
First time caller, long time listener, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, but I got a question for you. Well, not really a question, but PBS show yesterday regarding the teenagers up in Georgia.
And they really weren't talking about that these children went to the church for looking for a savior.
Their message was really that the responsibility starts with the parents and how those parents raise their kids.
And that a few of the trouble from kids did go to these Christian meetings every Thursday night.
And one of the kids finally said, hey, listen, I asked God to give me a sign.
And if He don't give me a sign, I'm just walking out of this whole thing and going back to my reckless life.
He basically did that because he just didn't find it.
He didn't find his answers to God.
And of course, there was the lunatic in forward Texas, that went into the church who was the anti-religion, and he was shooting up people too.
So it's not that they're anti-religionists who do ever and things too.
Yeah, exactly. So, anyways, the show was good. It had a lot of information.
I mean, I'm not really sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to see any comments on that.
What do the services and webchains?
make their money like real business?
I will hardly increase the number of these services.
You can cannot increase the number of these services but
remaster that.
When I take as good numbers and level of boards as I qu
if I could look into this field,
In college was a pot smoking coke and a from guy who I reject everything
Uh-huh, just like most people who are arrested for just that it's called hivocrid
I urge anyone who doesn't even if they don't smoke pot if they've ever smoked pot or no anyone who's ever smoked where I want
I'm pleased read this article and let's address it. I mean it's simple
Too simple, right? Hey man, right? Yeah, I don't think yes, and you must sexy woman on daytime Olivia
I don't know who that is Olivia the one Josh is in on oh, she's sexy
Almost sexy. Oh, by the way, I'm so glad you mentioned guiding life
First of all Olivia's not sexy. You got bad taste, but all of a sudden Josh and Riva's daughter who used to be like nine years old
All of us and this is what happens to characters on the show one day the little punky kids and you watch him grow up
And then they go from like 10 to 20 have you seen the blonde daughter what a mora whatever her name is?
Yeah, the one Max is it none. Yeah, no, no not the mora
Right Max is switching from Susan to mora. They're nice. Go on Max
Thanks for the good news here and get some taste. Oh Olivia all I can say is
5 6 7 0 5 say bring J back bring J in the Zack back
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line looking for the answers. Are we gonna get them? No?
Let's pray God is listening to all of us at the same time. Does that make any sense to anybody? No?
TNaFenon Street
Where is Linger and Linger?
She's a cheap often man with a card in his pants
And I'm a friend of Bill Dole, will you?
He's a thin fellow when you're skin-daring yellow
Your friend's 100 and two
Your business are three years
Cause you're sharing a beer with a woman who's got never two
She was a friend of Lee
Won't you give me 12 steps?
Give me 12 steps?
Sponsor, give me 13 maybe more
No
Trying to brush off the knob for my shoulder
Turned out give us the floor
Won't you give me 12 steps?
Give me 12 steps?
Sponsor, give me 13 maybe more
No, no, no
I'm getting real tired of flowing my patient
Been flowing 1.4
Strap me to the beach
What a test to say about weak people even though I travel around
I had a point
12.15 to 5.60 WQA
400 open lines, all of a sudden here we were rolling along singing a song
And then they just stopped
They just stopped and their tracks held their breath
5.670560
Pound 560 on the 18T line
Last couple of days we've had a few people call it
They just came back from Vegas had a great time
And when you go to the airport in Vegas by the way which they keep expanding
Keeps getting bigger and more beautiful etc
Not only they got all those slot machines in the
Which would be a fool to play by the legs that could kill some time in the airport
But they've also got all kinds of food
They got sit down restaurants
They got every kind of fast food out of the sun
They've even got FOM
Why do we have nothing here?
Why is this airport sterile?
Why did they build that big concourse H at a very very overblown price?
And there's nothing in there
See this is why you have to laugh when people keep referring to this as a world class city
You just want to don't know whether to pee in your pants or just drop a load on the floor
You just don't know what they'll do
It's a joke
Even the airport is like a sterile is the inside of a goddamn oxygen tent
And they just discovered this at the Harold by the way
Here's a mobile and sunrise
Hello
Okay sir
Hey about those buttons on
Are you going to have any of the weirdest fun fact in buttons?
Have a great day pal, get with it
Good guy, one track mind
567-0560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line
Like I said he looks good
Where are we going to a mobile in North Miami?
Hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Hi everybody
Okay, first time long time
Listen even though I don't have never stolen a freight train
I do have a freight truck
I've got a question for you
Do you think the pyramids were strictly handmade?
No
No I think a little green men from Mars made it
Okay that's all I wanted to know
I think John Levin made them, they were levitated
567- maybe the people from Leviton, Pennsylvania
They're a bunch of religious Greeks, maybe they did them
It's the mystery of levitation, it's that evil eye
Have you ever seen that evil Egyptian eye just the one eye?
That kind of cyclops look an eye
Didn't he do it?
He did it
567-0560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line
As we continue searching for the ultimate truth
And this audience just doesn't have the truth
I keep sitting here waiting to be convinced
23 years of it, I keep waiting to hear the God damn truth
I'm begging for it
And the truth too
Can't get it, can't find it
Ask the simplest of questions
Can you get an answer?
No
Absolutely positively not
Here's Hollywood, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir
You did the spill by Neil?
Neil, I wanted to ask you something
I'm going to try and ask you
What are you talking?
What language are you speaking?
English
Okay
I was driving around 9.95 this morning
And going south
Next to Stirling Road there was a big billboard
With a picture of Peter who wrote on it
And it says equal opportunity employer
And I've been to science
Okay
Woo, like I said
Really, you could smell it, couldn't you?
The staleness of that material like last year's God damn my hall of law
567-0560, they're out of material
Is that what the message is?
I'm a little bit slow on the uptake
I mean it's not even close to 1 o'clock yet
And this audience is already out of material today
I'm at the message I'm getting here after the 8 million different things we've talked about here today
8 million
Minimum
And this crowds out of material again
Because once again I backed him into a corner and all they know how to respond is
Eeeeeeeh
I can't respond
I'm embarrassed for you
I'm embarrassed for me
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay sir
Hey, I heard that one of those thumpers calling on you earlier
He was trying to put you down on the Bible if you read the Bible and all that
It's um, yeah right now I crap many years ago I'm saying that
I have two
You know but it really all boils down to it's
He wants to take the faith to believe in it and you want to take the faith not to
No, it doesn't take any faith not to believe in it
Right, it's either you say either I do believe and I take that leap or
But it doesn't require any faith it just requires common sense not to believe in it
I agree, I agree
Anyway, I was over in the day
You can't spend your entire life based on faith in something that was written by primitive
Idiotic people thousands of years ago
You just can't do that
If we can't transcend our brains a little beyond that then it's hopeless
There's no hope for the human race
If we can't elevate ourselves beyond that
There's no proof of it that's for sure
Hey, you get flooded when that storm came in I knew you guys had a lot of water over there
In plantation acres
No
Oh you were all right
Yes sir
All right, I was going to tell you if you ever were looking for any help as far as I stand by power
I can get Georgia number after after you get off the line
If you're looking for a generator or anything
Okay
All right, thanks
Oh, I'm cheating out there anymore
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line we got two 300 open lines here
When's that new toll-free number coming in by the way?
Should I fast that?
That's right
What are you eviction about?
You got you new monitor here
It's only been eight months
That's right, gotta work in baby steps
You've heard of the 12-step program we just played that but we got the 12 baby step program here at QAM
Little teeny tiny baby steps
Because like the boss said the other day
Yesterday when I was having a nervous breakdown and here he says oh we're not cheap
We're not cheap
Whatever it takes baby
Sparing no expense to bring in the best band-aids in the Scotts States and money can buy
To try to put all this direct together with
The best of pages glue that money can buy
If we can get it on credit which we doubt
Anybody ready to give this place credit?
No, I don't think so
Here's the mobile in the medley hello
Tell him now
Yes sir
Okay, you were talking about the slot machines in the airport and so forth
My experience has been when I go to Vegas which has been a few years now since I've gone
What I've found that the slot in the airport seemed to give a better return
Now maybe it's just psycho logic
Oh you've got to be dreaming
Well what I was talking about the slots in the airport are for suckers
Well what I was thinking
For people who can't wait who have got such answer their pants that they just can't pass up those machines
Those slots are tighter than a witch's leg don't believe me
But wait a minute wait just to just...
I'm telling you
Well maybe you're right but just let me see my side here
I kind of have had good experience
Well I mean you were lucky I mean anybody get a good one
That's very possible
That's very possible
But I was thinking that maybe there's some kind of subsidy at the airport to make you come in
Get a good feeling about coming in cheese I already won five hours to the airport
You can't wait to get to the casino and then conversely right before you leave
They give you a drop of it back while you're waiting for your aeroplane to depart
No you're going to have it backwards
What they want to do is before you depart especially get whatever money you've got left that you didn't know
You're laughing but it's true
I'm sure you're right
I mean they want you to have a good time but they want to extract as much as they can before you finally have money
And in fact if they could find a way to do it they would put the slots on their plane until it took off
Yeah but they want you to come back so maybe they'll give you a little bit back before they let you go
No
I just think it just seemed to be my experience I thought you'd share it with you
Better spend your money at the LEM
Alright pal take care
Okay
Oh I love that the LEM
Can't have no candy
What was that candy that the rimmers were trying to push on me that fell with...oh horrible
Seize? Is that...oh god
And we had some collar with bad taste
Called about that Seize candy
I wouldn't feed that to a...a...a...a...jurbel
In other words I wouldn't stick it in a Richard Gears
Correcto
Oh my god Seize, have you ever had that?
I'd rather have bees
I'd rather have bees as in Bumble
5,6,7,0,5,60
Oh FLM, those crunchy whatever the hell they call those real crunchy ones would be a powder round
Oh
I could sit...I could eat three pounds of that
The order would die better coma
Sit there with a big smile on my push
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello
Yeah, say Neil
Yes sir
Greg, I've one time...listen to...I haven't called you in G's I don't know 10 years
Like, does that make me a chronic caller?
No, it makes you...Apsen
Yeah, there you go
Yeah, you will
But I still listen a lot
I just wanted to touch base on two of your topics
You know, I'm a native Miami but I grew up a little bit in a little town called
Mickey Nope just outside of Gainesville, Florida
What was it called?
Mickey Nope
I never heard of that
Yeah, it's just a little town outside of Gainesville about 11 miles south
Anyway, so I went from Miami to Mickey Nope, got to play with a redneck up there
Of course
You know, how they love to drink and everything
But I always found out that
You know, all these ones they were drinking redneck
You know, always wanted to go out and fight
You know, and left head and everything else
While the redneck sets smoke pot
All they did was watch TV
Right
You know, so I mean, it goes to show you...
Yeah, one thing about the weed, it doesn't make you aggressive, that's for damn sure
Absolutely, nobody ever accused anybody of smoking some pot and go out and holding up a guy down liquor store
Absolutely
Another thing was about the religion and everything up there
Especially up there, you got all the sudden, baths, and you taste the bowls and all that
Oh, they all...
Oh, exactly
Well, the one thing we used to do was I think I went to one of their little win-thing-ite religious things
The only thing I got out of religion was getting laid
There you go, we're gonna do it every time
That's what it's all about, it's a social club
Absolutely, that's it
Well, those are the two stuff that I want to do
What do you think they do when they talk about laying hands on?
Absolutely
I think they don't take care
And I'll pray for you
Thank you
You're welcome
25 past noon at 560 WDQ
And by the way, Jeff Hyde, did I mention about him?
Oh, God
Right now, what is there to say about him?
I mean, just the hopeless
Or helpless
Remember that song by Kim Washington, that son of a fox, sent me that time?
Helpless, God, I wish I had that right now
That's Jeff Hyde, helpless and hopeless and fat
The way I move around wins I go to
I cause a mamba move since the births do
I'm the toilet seat like swing and swing
To the mamba beat the radio play
So we gotta load and I'll go
So if you're one spin, I got to do
A little bit of taste for the soul I need
So I can make my hiding, I'm sending
I don't have to push, I'm in control
When I move inside the side of the toilet bowl
I never have to pray it comes out whole
It looks a little like that to zero
I'd wait through the left and wait through the light
From King to the Sheen again, I'll tell you why
Not only are you burning, calorie, but you never ever miss a big red ring
That's why, this bad guy
Through the head, you'll see a third side
You have enough fun when they pick up my bowl moving up or two
Hey, look at me, Alex, I'm doing the pamper
Oh, come on, George, it looks like a whirling
He's set up and caught it
Okay, I'll get out
1231 at 560 WQAM
Thanks to our good friends at Atlantic City subs for a great lunch today
Not eating the bread, no bread
But it's great, boy they got the best damn stuff
567-0560, well this is a really spastic crowd we got here today
But like I said, I think they're pretty much out of material there
Let's just eat, I'll just eat on the ear
Mixed sounds
567-0560 pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Our plate is full today, we got 6,000 different things I've laid out there for you
And nobody wants to touch one of them
Pretty sad
But very typical too, here's a mobile and West Palm
Neil
Yes sir
I'm gonna talk about the airport, but most importantly you got the over under on the chialyre underquad
Well you know something I was driving home yesterday and I enjoy listening to the Hank
And I'm listening to him go on and then he goes to the first two phone calls
The first two and the both gambling calls and I pushed that CD in so hard
It almost went through the damn radiator
I would do it
I'll tell you what the difference is between lying in the airport and other ones
I don't get to the international ones like you do, but when you travel to St Louis or you travel to Cleveland or in those other cities
I don't mind going to the airport early
It's almost part of the relaxation process because like you said you can go eat your dinner
There's like a restaurant, you can shop, I dread going to Miami
It's like going to a third world country
As soon as you get in there you can just feel the tension start to move up
You just don't want to go there
You know something you eat, even the religious nuts that used to be in there
You used to have to jump over them, even they got out because it's so bad
They don't want to hang around or anymore
At least they were good for counter-release
Right
Take it easy Neil
Thanks
Yeah, it's a very sterile place, but again nobody cares about that
And of course most of these people don't go anywhere, I don't guess
I must be doing the most keeps hopping on a plane and going to like real places
These people are just, you know
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, you got a hockey game that I'd buy the way any interest?
Vancouver, can I ask you a question?
No
Well was that an exciting game last night?
And I thought they had a great crowd in Tampa
The only problem is I didn't realize that during the month of October they sell them tickets 2 for 1
2 for the price of 1
That's how desperate they are and you can understand what the crappy product they got
But they played a great game last night
Vancouver's had 5, 2 early in the third period
Lighting come back with three goals tied up with them in and have to go in and messier scores
The early and over time and Vancouver win 6-5 but Tampa gets a point for the regulation tie
It was a tremendous game
Not a game that I care all that much about but it was a very entertaining game
Any interest?
No
Okay, here is Miami, hello
Neil
Yes sir
Back in the room
Just a little bit off the subject here, I just want to know if you know that what's your name, Elizabeth Oldquit
Oh, she did quit?
Yeah, today
She said she couldn't handle the 85 to 1 odds
She said 2 to 1 5 to 1 10 to 1 but not 85 to 1
Elizabeth Old stepped down, like is that going to make any difference?
No, no, no
You couldn't do that
She couldn't have won a fixed election for dog cancer
Here's the thing, here's where she takes credit away and why she should learn history in the United States
She says we only hope, of course everything is we
We only hope that we paved the way for a woman to become president
Oh yeah
And I said to myself wait a minute
What about Geraldine Fararrow?
We forget that, that was vice president
What about Shirley Chisholm?
Yeah
1972, Ashwatza
Right, so she took away all credit from Shirley Chisholm, Congresswoman Shirley
Well maybe she's a racist too
No, she says a bad memory
Elizabeth
See you, dear
Okay
Caught me with an onion in my mouth, that's bad
Oh boy, that's good, it has scours right to it when you got a rough throat
5,6705,60, 05,60, 05,60 on the AT&T wireless line
Elizabeth Dolas, what are we going to do now?
And by the way, you notice how John McCain is starting to make some big and rolls on George W
See the reason George W was so far ahead of all the other Republicans was there wasn't anybody running that like Steve Forbes, anybody want to vote for him?
No
With that complexion?
No
There's a bunch of clowns, Dan Quail
Much of religious nuts, they packed, packed, you came up to the reform party, which makes us have to wonder about them
Poor Jessie, you know, Jessie means so well, he's going to have to find his own party
Here's a mobile and everglade city, hello
Mobile and everglade city
Hello, Mayo
Yes sir
Hi, let me tell you about the real culprits for the flood
Out in the big sappers, National preserve, they close eight units on October 8th
The water service and the National Park Service are in defeat out there with biologists
Who flood that area, and like I said on the 8th it was closed, these people are telling us in the newspaper that it was closed on the 12th
And that's a bunch of jobs, they knew the water was high at the end of September and they didn't do anything about it
Now what they're creating now is they're flooding all of areas 3A, 3B, the big sappers National preserve
They are ruined in the hammocks, they take thousands of years to develop
They run the beers on the levy, now 5 or 6 years ago they had the water up so high too that they killed 1500 to 2000 beers
Now what these people are doing is a travesty to the environment
It's unbelievable how they can rely in the newspaper about October 12th they had the gates flowing
And when they closed it for high water on October 8th and they knew weeks before that that it was going to happen
Sounds like more in the Florida and competence to me sir
It's unbelievable, it is very unbelievable what they can do out there and get away with it
It's mind boggling, you know 100 takes an average, there are no season out there, they take between 200 beer at that one unit and they can kill between 1500 and 2000 beer in one flood
Even God couldn't do that
No sir, not even with the hammocks it takes thousands of years to develop
People should be outraged, they just throw lies, lifting right and the water management and the park servants are both equal
Okay, good luck for all I pray for you
He's all whipped up and pissed off, does anybody care?
No, they're oblivious, just don't rain on us anymore just leave us alone, that's the Florida mentality here
They're not going to get whipped up through a frenzy just like this airport thing, they just don't care
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I guarantee if we woke up tomorrow and everybody in my international spoke English, then 95% of the year complaints you get about the airport would go away
Because that's like a fetish here
I don't care about that, it doesn't bother me in the least
In fact, I know a lot of people out there at the airport, they all speak English, at least to me, and I speak English back to them
It doesn't faze me and it has nothing to do with my life and I fly out of there all the time
But all of these other things and the second-rate nature of the services out there
These are the things people ought to be concerned about, but nobody cares about stuff like that, all they care about is things where they can hate
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line where push and where pump and where Yankee we got our beautiful new monitor today
And it looks really good when it's all lit up and blue
Well, a couple of times, 22 before 1 at QAM, I would tell you more about the spec-thing in our center 1 CD
The new one sound great, by the way, we've listened to one right here, I'd tell you more about swapping and all this other stuff
We'll wait till tomorrow, maybe by tomorrow Carol will give us the information
And about the buttons and maybe we'll actually have some of those you know the keychain and you know, have like our hands on them
If Carol ever decides to get a rest over here, I don't want to start putting pressure on her
You know what I'm saying? It starts ripping around the air too much
But she has taken years off my life, you know what I'm talking about? Good old Carol?
21 till the hour QA
21 till the hour QA
21 till the hour QA
21 till the hour QA
21 till the hour QA
So 45 to 55 to 52 to QAM
So anyway, I think Paul Tagney-Blue is- what do I say Paul Tagney-Blue? Where did that come from?
I think that Bud Light, Bud Sealing, isn't even bigger ass so let me ever realize
What I think they should do, so we don't miss great games like last night, is start them a little bit later like 11 o'clock at night
Here's one of the greatest sporting events I would say ever played in history
Certainly one of the best league championship games, certainly one of the best postseason games ever played last night in Atlanta
And he starts the game like 20 after 8
20 after freaking 8
They start the game
Now I go to bed, I went to bed 11 o'clock
I'm not gonna stay up cuz you know, it's 9 to 8 to mention just going ahead in the top of the night
I'm going to bed
I set my VCR, I start to take rolling, it's going along, I get up this morning and instead of looking in a newspaper
Which takes the fun out of it, I just go back to the VCR and I watch on fast forward
And the braves tie up in the bottom of the night, that's 9 to 9
And the Metz go ahead 10 to 9 and the braves tie it up again
And then the 11 sitting here comes Kenny Rogers with the bases loaded
Here's the 3-2 pitch-dad rude zone, lay outside, it's ball four to braves win
I mean and the Metz are down 5-0, 7-3, they tied up and actually go ahead twice
One of the great ball games in history even if you hate baseball, it was spectacular
And they start the game 20 after 8 on a weeknight
But Selig, you are an imbosil, we knew you were a moron, you were an imbosil, you were a jackass
One of the things you gotta do if you're gonna really perpetuate a sport is to get the kids involved
How many kids stayed up to watch the end of that baseball? How many adults stayed up?
I have no idea what time it ended, it must have been 12, 31 o'clock in the morning
11 innings
Nice going, bud, you jackass
Yeah, Hank's right about that, bud
But yesterday I was gonna bring this up, I'm so outraged by it
You know, see Hank unfortunately, he likes everybody
Except for Raul Martinez and Barry Jackass, Hank likes everybody, he's not as much of a curmudgeon as he used to be
And I don't know whether it's a name-dropping thing or what it might be, but yesterday when he started sucking up the John Sterling
Because yesterday morning on the worst team they were playing that awful colony Yankee
So one of the last out of the game, the Yankee's, John Sterling is not only the worst baseball announcer in history
The worst, he's also a major, he's an asshole
Ask your angel, ask anybody who's ever worked with John Sterling, they chased him out of Atlanta on a rail
They hated him like poison, everybody who's ever worked with him says this man belongs in a rubber room, they need a butterfly net
And Hank's going on about, oh what a distinctive call, let's hear that again, and yeah he's that really liked John
I worked with him, you know, I want, maybe he had a couple of lunches with him, something like that
Let's drop his name too, why not, that was, yeah
I mean I don't mind you dropping names, Humper, but Jesus John Sterling
And then yesterday morning by the way now that I'm getting on a roll on this, here's B-Full on there
And he's ripping the radio guys, Jack Buck, which I agree with him on that, Jack Buck 10 years ago became Cena
And Ernie Harwell, I heard Ernie Harwell on this station from CBS One Night last week doing one of the playoff games
I was in the car, the hair on the back of my next studio, I got goosebumps just hearing Ernie's voice again
And I saw what if it sounds like he's got his fault, he's in a glass and he left him out
He's still great, he's 100 years old
I'm going to tell you something, the guys around this so-called sports station wouldn't know great sports casters if they bit him on the ass
That's what just bugs the hell out of me
They just don't get it, maybe they've just been down here too long, they've been isolated
All these dumb x-jocks, all these idiotic, moronic x-jocks, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, just like babbling brooks
If you're part of that expression
You know who I'm talking about?
On and on my Tim MacArthur, who's got a second gets every pitch and every play and is almost always wrong by the way
Never stops talking
Fran Healy, illiterate at best, illiterate would be a compliment for Fran Healy
You see, one thing about the New York City, they've gone from the greatest talent like Mel Allen and Jim Woods and Red Barber
And all those guys, they've gone to the worst
I mean, they made me a great Yankee announcer, they made me great Yankee or much so now
They got Ralph Kiner, who had a stroke, who you can't understand the word that he says
But we got to have all our x-jocks in there, or just as the same
Ralph Kiner, the pitch is as, even before a stroke you couldn't understand him, he was in coherent
And B-Fo's on their rip and running hard while yesterday, I told you B-Fo is the, he's the Chigren wood pile, don't ever forget it
He makes the tag you look like a god damn Sunday school preacher
Here's West Palm Beach, hello
Son, Sunday's game was better than last night
Yeah
Yeah, I mean, like, I'm a med fan, I'm upset they lost, but you know what it's just sports, life goes on
But why did that's not the point? Why the hell did they have to end the game at one in the morning?
No, that does piss me off
Why can't they start the game seven o'clock in the night?
No, you think it would matter more people from New York are probably watching the game than anywhere in the country
And how about when they had the game starting 11 o'clock out in Arizona on the West Palm?
I don't know, I don't know about that
What kind of a moron is Bud Seale?
No, I don't know, because they care more, I don't know, they care more about prime time out West
Well, proud, why would that be?
I don't know
I mean, the number one market and here's your team is in there, the Merit plane, I don't know
I don't know
Who cares about the diamond mix?
I know, I know
The reason I called, you talk about MIA, it's a lot of the airport, oh, hair's up there too
Yeah
Nothing to do there
What's the airport?
You just have to get there right before the plane, so you don't have to, you know what I mean?
Yeah, it's nothing to do there
But the other reason I called, we get one of the stations up here
And they're running an interview with that school board guy who got a guy who got, you know, have guns
Yeah, the metro parade
Yeah, they're interviewing the guy
I couldn't understand a single word coming out of this guy's mouth
Yeah
I don't know if it was English or not, but it was so incoherent
Exactly, this guy's on board
He's been here like 30 years, what do you expect?
You know, that is one of the wonderful things about this region
You get people like that, and he's on the board
That is correct
He's a former commissioner by the way, former city commissioner
That's amazing
It really is, I have people out there
I have people out there, everything you need to know, sir
People ask, you know, why this, you know, why people don't like this area?
Well, you know what, if you don't live here, you don't know
Okay
I'm out of here
Thanks for your update from comments, sir, have a great life, I'll pray for you
I guess we're not going to find out why God hears all of our prayers today
I just hope, let's another one of those questions that we just don't get any answers to
Because the religious folks out there, they just leave them alone
Okay, I'll tell you what we'll make a deal
We'll leave you alone if you leave everybody else alone
How's that?
No
Come on
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Some sticky nerve of a Jeff DeFore
A Jeff DeFore should only have the talent in his goddamn whole fat pudgy Jewish body
That only Harwell's gotten those false teeth in the glass
And he's got the, just like the day that he was criticizing Dave Johnson when he was on there with our mutual friend Phil Salzman a couple of years ago when I OD
About three years ago, Rippin Hall out of Dave Johnson
Dave Johnson could call a race veteran asleep than some people you know, the Bleeful
God
What a bull crap artist
Here's Hollywood, hello
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir
I wanted to ask you a question about what you were talking about earlier with the religion thing
I did a term paper one time that was called Murder in America
And I did so much research on each murder and each murderer came from a very strong church coin religious family
You had
Exactly
Like a correction stuff they had been all the little cults
But the reasons that I did, I mean if you notice almost every church is like a cult in itself
Right
And that's a big thing but the main reason why I called is if God is so powerful
Tell all the registered blog there what if any have a website?
Exactly, good point
Good luck
The only one I know is in your Rogers.com
Exactly
Exactly
All right, thank you, sir
By the way, there's a great website potpan sucks.com
Yeah
I'm not going to tell you who told me about it
But there's a fantastic website for those of you that needs potpan haters
I feel really really
Yeah, and I would do if I had a website like that potpan sucks.com all the New Yorkers will really love it
Especially your Ranger fans
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello
Neil
Yes, sir
I probably won't get to finish this but listen here so for a little while here because you get cut off
You get cut off, you know
You get cut off, you get someone with a pay your check to complain every day
Complain, complain, complain, complain, complain
You can't really have listeners that listen to this
Yeah
Okay, and so why are you listening?
You just got through there and you listen to the world
No wait, wait, let me just got through and saying you'll listen and why would you just you just cut through your self
Get on the camera and get back to nobody and everybody would listen to it
And then it follows through and I say, okay this is going to lead somewhere. This is going to go somewhere
Yeah
But it never does right?
Well, let me to go way in here
You have a dose but you keep tuning back in to see if it will
Let me just make one point
All right
Just call the people of the world we man
You're still there or you're hanging up again
I'll still hear us sir
Oh, thank you
I'm still a little worried guy if you're so worldly you don't know that these little piss ant problems going everywhere
You're you really that narrow minded and stupid
But I got what problems are those and I don't see I won't listen
I won't take any crap see I will listen to if you want to be civilized when you start giving me a bunch of crap
I don't take any crap from assholes like you who are liars
You listen to the show every day
We all know that even a kid with an IQ of two out there even a little infant knows that just by hearing your words that you listen every day
You can quote chapter and verse everything I say
And obviously something that I say all the time or maybe some of the time or maybe today ruffled your feathers and so therefore attack me
I got news for you. I got more brains in my toes. I know you got in your whole goddamn body, okay?
That's obvious and what time is your show on by the way?
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. Hello, no, yes, sir
You know what that idiot will be listening again tomorrow and he listens every day. I want to laugh at him
I mean he can't imagine why anybody would listen, but he's listening exactly
Exactly he's a person you're nearly H. Yeah, good for him
I gotta I gotta comment about the broadcasters. Yes, sir
You know, it should be a send to mention Jeff the forest and
With along with Jack Buck and Ernie Harwell in the same sentence. I mean I agree with him that Jack Buck is lost
It you know, but he was one of the greats of all time
But I mean Ernie Harwell Ernie Harwell sounds as good today. He did 20 years ago. There's nothing wrong with Ernie Harwell
I agree I can listen to Jack Buck Ernie Harwell even Ernie Harwell whose past is prime much more than I can listen to Sean McDonough
Oh Sean McDonough coma man
You know either the look at him or you listen to him either one will put you in an instant coma
This man's got to have naked pictures sir. He's all over the place. He's on a red sock CBS uses them all over
This man is as boring as listening to paint dry
I hear you know whenever I can't go to sleep
I just pull out that tape and every time
Sean McDonough a man with naked pictures a catalog of them
I do like the dolphins, but mad dog is that the guy's
nickname that does the color on the dolphins ready. Yeah
Yes, that's the guy. Yeah, that guy is too overly dramatic
Mandage yes, man. You don't like mad dog. I mean it's great every third play. That's the greatest play
I've ever seen the dolphins. Oh right. Yeah, I don't know. I just had to put my two cents. There's a mad live
Exactly God bless you. Oh my God. You're breath for a beautiful. Thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. He was doing so good to at least I remember my close personal
friend and it's the greatest X-Jocks broadcast. What I say X-Jock broadcast in America. He is there's no there's no comparison
Now see there used to be some good extra like buddy Blatner former Giants first basement
He was great then they fired him because this he didn't had a bigger name this he didn't was illiterate
And then there's a path somewhere all X-Jock great
But most X-Jocks are illiterate boring and not broadcasters
1257 at 560 Q.A.M.
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
I love the sopranos each week on HBO
farm a TVI
Set up fire
Tony's mom's a loon now. We know who wants betray
to
soprano
Couch
the
They did flee, they did flee, they did flee, they did flee, they did flee.
They said lonely, they said lonely, him and Carmella let him no chance be, they are family.
Go do better thing, naked girl's dancing.
For all the time, big butter butter, big butter thing.
They avoid the cops, they don't stop.
I love the brown nose.
Oh yeah, I love them.
We will see the Tony.
I have to see Big Putsy.
His mommy.
It's crazy.
I want nobody.
Nobody.
Nobody.
I know.
I want nobody.
Nobody.
Nobody.
Nobody to miss this show.
It's beyond the subrenows.
Oh yeah.
No.
What do you think you guys think about it?
No more gambling calls.
Save them until after four until I get home.
Please stop it.
It makes me reach for my CD immediately.
I'm sure most of the audience too.
All you G A members get lost.
You're killing us.
5 6 7 0 5.
You know what it reminds me of the religion thing?
It's like it's like insects.
It's like humans every dude.
No, seriously.
It's like insects that crawl out of the ground.
You don't know.
Like look at around like, you know, totally lost.
A Ruhatahudu Nai Melahahulam King of the universe.
All the Hebrew prayers, 99% of the Jewish prayers start.
Blessed art thou Lord, King of the universe.
Like we're little tiny like astrophilic supplements.
You know that.
That's what we are.
Oh God, you're good.
Oh God, you're going to leave me alone now, God.
You're going to stop with the floods.
You're good.
You're good.
I like you.
You're okay.
Oh God.
And then of course when you drink the wine, unlike Dracula who never drinks wine, when you
try the wine, you have to say it, Buray Prihaggothin.
I was trying to go back to that because it was such a stroke of genius on my part.
The only problem is nobody understands it.
Oh, what's the Hebrew translation?
What?
What's the literal translation of that?
Of what?
Buray Prihaggothin.
It means Buray Prihaggothin.
That's true.
I never thought about that.
We got two great wine lines.
We got tried the wine from a clockwork orange.
I never think wine.
I saw that the other night, by the way.
It was on the CBC related.
I watched the whole thing again.
Oh yeah, Renfield.
In fact, I thought to myself Renfield must have worked once at QIM.
Yeah, absolutely.
Oh, that's right.
In the production.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Let's get to the real religion.
Yeah.
Profit that.
Uh-huh.
The ring-mooned bus is a different game.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Pound five, sixty on the 18th.
T wireless line.
You're boring, pal.
You're really boring.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a comment for that bonehead they called in before.
Which one is that?
The one about, you know, what is your show all about?
The one I wanted to insist on having me hang up on them.
I didn't want to disappoint.
So I did because you became abusive and obnoxious, yes?
Exactly.
The knob on his right, that changes the station for it.
No, he's not going to turn it off.
Don't you understand?
He's obsessed with this program.
I've had a thousand colors like him over the years.
Maybe five thousand.
And they're all the same.
They're all liars.
It reminded me of the guy that called last week who was saying that you were hypocritical.
You know, how could you, uh, you know, make money on down South Florida?
Oh, yeah.
Right, right.
Plaining about that.
That's right.
I've got to make money here.
It must be paradise.
Right.
I've got a place where OJ can go.
All these religious people, you know, they're all about forgiveness, forgiven, forget.
And why don't they take him in?
So they're called man.
Yeah.
You know, join a Christian country club.
I think the message is, I don't want him.
You can have me too dark for me.
I think that's what it is.
Exactly.
Another sleeper is Jack Buckson.
Joe Buck.
He's good.
He's good.
You like him?
He's okay.
He's not great.
He's not great, but compared to these ex-jocks, but you're right.
He's kind of boring, but he's good.
I don't care if he's other guy.
It's all relevant.
You don't want to talk about him.
There are no more great sports of baseball announcers.
There are none.
How come you don't want to talk about gambling when you go to the Harness track?
Don't you put a few shackles down?
But I don't come out of here and talk about it.
It would be boring.
I'm not knocking anybody gambling.
I love gambling.
I love gambling.
I don't think I should talk about it.
It's terms, but I can just bring my program from l.G.
I had the 3 over the 278, the 2 broke at the start, and the 4 came on the outside.
Nobody wants to hear that.
You guys out there.
I don't begrudge y'all your league of gambling.
I had a good time.
It should all be legal.
I don't have a problem with that.
But nobody wants to hear it. It's terminus coma inducing. It's ponderous
You talk about narrow casting Jesus. Why don't we just put shut the damn station off during the GA hours
You're talking about Ed. I bet you do oh
Can they cover and what's the spread what about that lack of a wana for Donia game in that North panna wandered
Webberville game. That's pretty hot. You think they can cover this week
Oh my and it's all that they're all this it's all the same person
You know I'm talking about and it made me in different bodies, but it's all the same person
If the New York scumbag I got to have a bet to have any interest. It's those guys
Nobody wants to hear from those guys your terminal
Your ponderous you kill this radio station and some of the people here who actually are very entertaining to listen to when they're doing the show and they they just
You know for whatever reason they get sucked into that
It's okay to get sucked, but don't get sucked in
560 560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line
For one night only in poker with on
Central silver and shady hills retirement
Association proudly present the one group taking senior citizen by storm
People by girl
Your favorite old spice girls is yet to spend some time with them
Be old spice girl
Okay, it's 114 at 560 WQ and we got hang coming up from a short list day to it to a clock
The most eristics Panthers in the conucks at 7 o'clock pregame 730 from the arena tonight
George by the way says that Puerto Rican smell bad
So Jennifer Lopez did no you said Puerto Rican smell bad you know don't try to back out of it now
Okay, you said he's a smelly
Reacon and of course the way you said it obviously like it was redundant
I think you might have a point
Here's a mobile and sunrise hello. Hey Neil how you doing pretty good sir. Hey listen. I grew up in Detroit
Listen to our Ernie Harwell George Caldo when it's like a game. I thought and George tells him that's actually the problem
I was good. George was a terrible. Oh, he was terrible awful. Oh, okay
You like George Kelly if our George Kelly was a broadcaster. I grew up there
You could get a hold of one now and if only storm and nori I mean George Cal was a joke
I mean putting him in the same class with Ernie Harwell will be like talking about gold and a dog crap
They did him together, but I also be last night. I can't stand costus while it's listening to my host is I can't despise him
Charlie fighter did the game on the radio did a dang good job. I don't know who that is. I use a broadcaster for you
FPN or 80 years on your station actually and you did a really good job and the other thing
Um, I think D-Fo's great, but it has you rule later. Thank you. Okay. I'm not knocking people as
Whatever he does on the air whatever that is a our friends writer, but as far as his opinions on these broadcasters
Coolest, I mean just coolest. Here's a guy that's a sports sports. We have sports. Maybe he's got a satellite dish
I hasn't had hooked up for five years
Comes on there pop pop pop pop pop pop about all these ball games that he hasn't seen. How can you talk about these things?
That would be like my coming on here and and bitching people out for not going out Saturday night in the
aftermath of that rain storm and seeing the panther ducks game and seeing Paul Belberry play the only problem with that is he didn't play Saturday
Which some of the people in this place evidently didn't catch on to he didn't play Saturday. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Port St. Lucy. Hello
New yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I just wanted to have you ever seen this thing on TV
Talked a charity broadcast in that word. Sure. Janet Paul Crotch isn't at the most ridiculous thing you've ever seen
Good rip off a Jim and Tanny phaton to think she would go to the other guy
They have a guy banging in he touches the people and they just yeah, he touches it. He touches it. I want to be touched that way
You know do you come on over? Oh, yeah, I'll see if you fall down. All right. Okay, I'll pray for you
All right. Okay. He likes that hands-on approach right? Uh-huh. You bet
Benny him baby and he admits that you know, it's staged bull crap, but uh and of course he don't want to admit that they're getting paid off to do it
5 6 7 0 5 60 we want some Puerto Ricans to call into rip George okay for saying that disgusting. I mean you're so you you hate the Puerto Ricans
You hate the Jews you know, you obviously don't like don't you don't like this Martha's because you're always talking about your best friend
Is black sweaty but who says that's obviously a racist is there any group? He's a and the old
So let's you hate the kids. Is there any group you like you hate the Mexicans? Just the you call them bean pickers in India. Yeah, we have
beaners isn't that what you get to talk about
beaners
Don't they have that in Germany. I think they have Mexican Germans. They'd be nice little
Baruch at ah here's a four-lawterdale. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, sir. Let me give you a great
X-Jock who was a he's also Jewish Steve's don't for the he's not great
And Steve doesn't do play by play that's covers. He is good. He is good. He does do play that real good
His insight is right on yeah a lot of the time
I don't know if you've listened any cub games have I listened any cub games for like the last 12 years sure until Harry died once
Harry died. I mean chip is okay. You know he's not here. He's a good announcer. Yeah, he's good. He's good. All right, but he's not the skip
He's not in that area. He's definitely not here. Okay, but I'll have a great day. You're right. Steve's good
But see again Steve is a color guy. I'm talking about play by play guys
And the color guys like McCarver
Papa motor mouth. That's gonna be our poor question tomorrow. Who uses the most words in the telecast of a sporting event
You know Tim McCarver or John Davidson
Because these people know who John Davidson is JD. No, they don't know who that is
With arrangers. Oh my god. It's a miracle that Sam was leaving gets paid because they don't allow him to speak
Papa Papa Papa Papa and he doesn't say anything. That's the best part. He doesn't say a goddamn thing
Besides being a shameless chill a homer
Vitamin E cuts smokers cancer risk by the way a
Diet rich in vitamin E foods including nuts and whole grains can lower the risk of lung cancer among smokers by about 20%
A study of more than 29,000 male smokers in Finland
Reachers researchers found those who had high blood levels of alpha tachopherol the main form of vitamin E that that's natural
And I take vitamin E every day and I don't even smoke
Although I do occasionally try some nuts
What I love nuts, but at any rate
Um, you're gonna make sure you don't don't get DL that's synthetic now some people will tell you. Oh, it's the same thing. Guess what?
D alpha tachopherol natural vitamin E that's the best don't be a taking advantage of synthetic crap
But it's so expensive. Well, let me ask you this. How much is your life worth? Okay? How much is it worth
That you're willing to take your money and toss it out to go see a bitch like bett midler in the pouring rain that was embarrassing. I'm still humiliated
For anybody any person on the face of the sir that went in the pouring rain and showed up there Friday. Oh my god
Can't believe it
Here's a mobile in Evan, Tura hello
Nia what's going on? Yes, sir. Hey, I just a couple points. I'm a transplant from the west coast
So at least we don't have Jim Rome down here. Yeah, we do
Is he down here? Oh, yeah, he was on that 40 right now. It's a matter of fact. That's kind of scary
That's you. Well, I'm glad you scared me away. It's not too loud. Hey, I just got a got a quick question on
80s them and the religious topic I'd throw some some
My view point is you know religion. I think there's some good things that come out of faith but
From a intellectual standpoint
The things come out of faith in what is fairy tales? Well, I get from an intellectual standpoint. You know, there's a lot of theories
I don't understand you know if you do believe what are you?
What are you not gaining? I mean if there's a chance there is a heaven of hell however slim it is
So so in other words so in other words, you're gonna lie to yourself
You don't really believe it but just in case you're gonna cover your action pretend you believe it
What kind of a life is that I don't think pretending is the case
You know you keep using the word intellectual no, if intellectually dishonest it's not intellectual
Just honest there's a chance to believe in evolution. There's a chance that that didn't occur
No, there is no chance. There is no
There is absolutely no chance that evolution didn't occur and it's still occurring right now
Yeah, but there's no
It's just from an intellectual
0 0 0
Hey, I just moved down her to bade
Trust the evolution
I'll leave me when I tell you exactly but I just thought I'd bring it up. I just from intellectual standpoint
Stop saying that and have a great day. Get out here. I'll pray for your pal
From an intellectual standpoint intellectually
Disadist you're lying to yourself. Well, I don't really believe these fairy tales
But just in case I'll tell everybody I do in case there's a heaven and a hell there's a hell
Your soul is gonna burn on that eternal lake of fire you wait and see you're gonna be sorry mr
I only pity people that small that pygmy mind it I pity them
Here's a mobile in a gable. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Here's a voice of sanity and common sense in this pathetic file. That's known as Florida
absolutely
Thanks again for reinforcing my atheistic ideals
And god bless you sir. Hey, did you hear about broke using the effort? Yes, I did
Uh, it was hilarious. She'd be rated
Yeah, she was pathetic. She is pathetic, but I'm glad you're listening to her though. Hey, uh, I am entrembo
From San Francisco or myself. Uh-huh. Tell me the story of Alex Bennett and what happened to him down here
Tell you the story of what happened you alluded to it
Does the year ago does the word bomb ring any bells we used to
He came in here even the Japanese in Hiroshima and Nagasaki never saw a bomb like Alex Bennett
He was on here for a couple of months here and one day he had kind of like a nervous breakdown on the year and walked out
Oh, I know he showed up
You know like six months later back in San Francisco and never heard what then got canned you got canned out there finally
What do you think?
It's a bomb like that lack of talent. Oh, yeah, well, he's fantastic in San Francisco
Not here. He what he left his parts in San Francisco
Whatever he had going out there believe me when it came here. He didn't bring it with him
Yeah, okay female sports fans concerned me. Okay, I have a great day
Whatever that meant bull dikes. Is that what we said?
Maybe like the crowd that was out there the old parts the bull dikes and the screaming queens to see betneler the other end the pouring hurricane
Alex Bennett. I'm looking under here. Do we don't we have an Alex Bennett thing of some kind in here?
Yes, what is it? What is what is might be under Rick and Alex Rick and Alex
Come on this guy I'm sure he's dying to hear Alex. Huh?
I don't think so. I think you're dreaming. No, it's not in there. How about Riley?
Riley and Bennett we once upon a time well one moment plays okay folks for killings in time. You're looking for this thing
Uh, sometimes they're not thought in there. We used to have it
Especially the one where he says if I had the ability
Oh, that's gotta be in there wait a minute if I had the ability if I could get dug up if I care
Oh, here it is. Here's Alex Bennett. If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. I'm kick your god damn teeth in all right
And I love the way he prefaced that with if I had the ability do they have the ability?
No, guys don't want to be a little. I should come back line with actually also classic. We should have left that on there
We've said I think ability is the operative work right
That's here for McRiley, okay? No, oh
5 6 7 0 for well see there's another guy you don't like the uh Puerto Ricans you don't like
Recreality you don't like anybody. I'm the one that's always I like everybody if they're nice people I like them
I met a couple of nice sponsors
Here's West Palm Beach hello
Yeah, yeah, I'm just I'm down here from Alabama. I drive trucks and I just wanted to know that I
I'm glad I feel glad to hear that somewhere in south there's
Voice of sanity you found it man. Yeah, because we bet we swept through about six months of pure Christian hell
What you know? You know a lottery thing god forbid that you have a lottery because and you know something
It's the same thing who's gonna force Christians to buy lottery tickets if they believe it's the gambling is bad
Then let them not buy it okay, but why be pride the money from the state and education because everybody else wants to buy the tickets
Correct. I thought about that. I was a thing like that today. If I had a child I'd be soon in the state right now
All right, Christian organizations
For the problem my child with computer maybe we maybe we could find a few in the end of the fall states
You know where there's very low population like Wyoming and set all these good Christians out there and let them live the way
They want to leave everybody else alone right now is this I think it's what we got it's gonna have to happen
They're gonna have to have a fire or something these kids these portable trailers, you know, amen
Have a good day. I'll pray for your parents. Okay. Okay
20 500 open lines right now five six seven oh five sixty a little spastic today got spoiled after about the last four or five weeks
We've been smoking here pretty good on the days when the phone works
Even when it is doesn't work. We've been doing okay
But today they're like up and down and not too sure because we I shouldn't have done nothing again with the
Appraire and the football game they get real upset about that and the tailgate parties and the red necks and all
I mean that's the Florida f&w baby. You got a tailgate man
That's why they don't like hockey too much to rent no tailgate parties. Haha
Threat
Oh, no, you don't understand why the attendance has been so low
Peter War will not plan yet that big sparse is a big black eye named Peter
Now when he comes back and they start beating the crap out of everybody then they'll say all right now we're coming back
That's our hero
We're like having a big sparse on our team. It's gonna be to crap out of the little guys on the other teams. We like that
26 after one at five sixty WQN. Oh god
Oh
Georgia's dying to know where the George did blow cocaine
If there's no evidence
So I should
Jesus
And
years
Farmstead
Okay
Two
Now
You'll just lie and you'll smile and deny cocaine.
You'll tell your judge that bad except for what you had cocaine.
And we're all pretty sure this one is worth a big, blurred cocaine.
What a shame it's a scam to this grand cocaine.
132-560 WN-5670-560-0.560 on the 18T wireless line.
World in the long singing a song.
Saying these people by the way know who Ernie Hartwell is.
No.
Okay. Just checking.
All these great sports fans we got down here who lived here last for the last 50 years and have never gotten out of town very much.
Here's Miramar.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Listen I know that you have a few criticism for South Florida but I moved down here from Plain Lewis which is only one state away from Kansas.
Think about that.
And you know about this religious thing you know remember they had that building up north that had the the imprint of the Virgin Mary.
You know and you know a lot of people went up and had a religious experience they even kissed that building.
Kind of.
Yeah and I have a birthmark on my ass just like that and I'm inviting all the Christians to come and kiss my ass.
Excellent.
Okay.
All right.
They're lined up now.
And the Zeigazone.
Okay there you go.
Here's the Virgin Mary on our Totina's frozen pizza.
Oh by the way what's the day is that the 13th we missed by a week last Wednesday was Rosa Rosa Lopez's house in Hollywood over the Virgin Mary.
She shows up on the 13th for brunch every month at Rosa Lopez's house.
You know in the Virgin Mary you're going to have to yeah I've got to go somewhere it is a little bit of a bigger crowd okay.
If you want to get some more believers out there instead of showing up at Rosa Lopez's house.
You silly bitch.
The Virgin Mary.
Oh yeah.
You want to understand why this is all very important is because sex is dirty and impure.
Even within marriage by the way you do understand that not too good.
It's one of those necessary evils.
Which I'm sure that God if it was so evil and disgusting and vulgar could have created a million different ways for people to procreate.
Like how about laying a big egg how's that some other animals do that like the fish that's the first thing that the male comes along like that all the Brooklyn Dodger picture preacher row and it even have to meet like preacher row like I said.
5 6 7 0 5 60 or like front row productions or like seller door.
I think it's appropriate that seller door was selling the that Miller tickets 5 6 7 0 5 60 that's probably where they don't throw her fat ass behind some seller door and don't open it up again throw away the key.
Here's my me Beach hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I have this great story in the religion.
Yes.
I work at the over a high leo and last week this one lady was eating out a restaurant and I push her down.
She went across the street while she was coming to the street the manager's restaurant runs out and yells at a lady forget your Bible.
So she attempts to cross the street back on her way back she gets hit by a car and died.
All right.
It's never made it to her Bible.
That just tells me I got those not exactly.
How do you like to thank you would have just not forgotten the Bible pound that was the problem.
There's a good lesson for all your kids out there squeeze it tight hang on to it tight.
Don't ever let go of it in the Bible too.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Obviously a fiction but a good story.
Here's the mobile in Miami hello.
I'm going to yell.
Yes sir.
Yeah I just wanted to get on the you're on depot vest today.
I want to get on it with you it's big enough.
You want to get on depot's spectrum.
Why?
Getting pretty crowded.
The one thing I can't stand about that guy.
If that guy can't get an analogy in this decade when he tried to explain something.
Yeah.
If one thing isn't they got beat worse than Rodney King or they had a better chance of winning than or what's his name in California.
He's got a better chance of getting out of prison on parole.
Charles Manson.
Charles Manson.
He did Reginald.
Then he did the other day.
And depot be good in the Iowa.
He missed his call because the corn would grow so much taller in Iowa if he could just be out there for a couple of years.
That keeps it so bad they should've been down there with Jim Jones drinking cool.
I mean get him a new name.
I like to do this and pick on it because I know that he's paranoid and delusional.
He takes it very very seriously as opposed to you know like Hank says it's just a radio show.
But depot is very paranoid and delusional.
I know.
Yeah maybe he'll be if he is listening.
Oh he's going out.
This will help that paranoia hopefully could change it.
I'm trying to feed it.
Yeah okay pal.
I'm sorry thanks there.
And depot says thanks too.
Okay five six seven.
It's not that we don't like him personally although Georgia ain't too fond of him but I mean he's okay you know for a fat guy forgot it's uh.
No I'll never forget his long as I live there Monday or it was a Tuesday.
He had been away out of three day drinking binge in the keys which I wasn't aware of.
And he coming I came in our Tuesday morning he was out in the hallway there and man I'm telling you.
Uh his face looked like I got him light bulb it was just unbelievable.
And he was like all slavvily and his poop is getting bigger and I thought I said it on the earth at the time not because I don't like him but because I'm worried about him.
We're watching the disintegration of a human being right in front of our eyes.
Here's the guy that always I don't want to go through it again he knows.
He knows I mean he'll take this badly because he just doesn't understand these things he takes it badly and it's meant with the best of intent.
Loose some weight at least me okay I'm fat but I'm not any better than I was like five years ago I'm less than I was five years ago.
Hank is fat but he's a lot less fat than he was a year ago but depot.
Man it's like a goddamn music explosion in his.
Pupik must be that bad marriage huh.
Here's a mobile in Perine hello.
Hello.
Yes sir how you doing?
Yes sir two questions you allow me to second one first one who just who just fired the bad middle of thing or she or a promoter.
Well she wanted to go on to obviously she didn't decide but the the the powers that be the promoter and the county decided that they had to you know call it off in spite of her protest.
Yeah okay second question about building the county the powers that be.
All right second question I know several days late now a few million dollars short what about this thing with Houston L.A. NFL.
1.3 for L.A. and they give it to Houston for 700.000.
What about it?
And he's like well the day I heard it already I called some guy on Q.A.M.
Yeah well I'm not quite up on that so I thought what would happen there I haven't you know see anything about it.
It's like why should the NFL well what would what happened is that Houston sucked the money out of the taxpayer they agreed to build a stadium and L.A.
Said no way with no thanks we're not going to use public funds to build a new stadium and they said okay we're going to Houston that very simple.
I thought the guy in L.A. was got 1.3 for his two boys and a stadium.
Who are you guy in L.A.
I don't think I'm Davis.
Al Davis.
No yeah I think that was the guy I wanted about.
I heard nothing about that the only thing I heard was that they Houston came up with the money and L.A. did not that's the only thing I heard.
I have a great day and I don't care too many teams too much expansion just keep watering it down watering it down people who are in favor of expansion are people who don't understand the weaknesses that's the problem just like in baseball all these statistics are meaningless they're a joke they're a joke.
Oh we have 84 home runs this year against little league pitching and we're playing with a golf ball instead of a baseball because we got to juice it up a little bit to make some phone excitement.
You're only fooling stupid people okay and the numbers are diminishing dramatically dramatically you should have seen the number of people ahead of the Washington crap you know they built here's another case against John Henry Stadium.
They build a brand new arena downtown Washington is anybody want to go downtown Washington with all the smarts are no but they build it anyway the MCI center or whatever they call it.
I'm you could go bowling in there they played that game last night got pounded 71 by the ducks I never saw there were just enormous chalcative empty seats everywhere they're not drawing flies.
Tampa they finally had a crowd why did they have a crowd because they're selling tickets to for the price of one.
So they had 14,000 people are last night for their pathetic team all are not playing that bad this year but for their minor league team that means they sold 7,000 tickets not too good.
You can only doctor something up and try to pretend it's grand the more they keep expanding and expanding and watering it down the less they're going to fool the public it's a crap product more expensive all the time.
And yeah you get exciting games like last night's like the Braves med series that was exciting.
But that doesn't mean it's quality and also doesn't mean that they're all going to like the two games in Atlanta the first two games that 6,000 PC's each game those front running red next.
Twenty before two at 560 WQM can beat that Gator me.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like this is the same like the city's but we must tell you we're not gay if you were.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
than that once that deal is sealed, forget it. Paper clips, huh? No. Band-aid. No.
Scots tape. No. Zippity doodah. Thanks to Jeff Cohen again, by the way, for our nice TV
combination with VCR here, that we got two years ago, and our friends at the satellite
place called Digital World Satellite. Digital World Satellite. Thanks to that because
that without family that needs to be totally isolated from the outside world. That would
be really great when we had like a hurricane or some horrendous, natural thing going on.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Wow, what a rust. You make radio sounds
so easy. I applaud all the comments, by the way. It's amazing how they make it sound like it's
nothing. My heart's in my throat. I really enjoy it. Oh, there's your heart and your throat.
I don't know. It's exciting to talk to you. It is. I'm stimulated myself. I enjoy the way you
stir it up in his town. Can you imagine how boring it would be if I weren't here? I mean, it's
boring even with me, but I mean, we do just a great time. But hey, it's the USA buddy.
Right. Neil, I'm not backing up anyone or anything, but like that cocaine tune that you played
under the water, guys. It just made me think, why is it that in this country, it's okay
like for a current person.
