Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh right.
A hot to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and priority.
Or pound 560 on yourself.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no.
His callers are...
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
The read acquisitions for the Beasley broadcast group.
No.
No.
No.
Now, the first clear is 2017.
No.
Well, here comes your official report that has turned some public with a publicly rejected trend car,
public performance production, just federal markets and colleges, which this place has
Well, this is not public, but my experience with high transparency.
Howard!
Two weeks ago, they lied to me about a new arcade
I believe young, cause they're safe and not threatening me
Yeah
There is a closet and not coming out because there is a much too limp
They refused to accept that of the caprio
Who dare not wear his little switch
Okay
Yeah, he's spooked and devoid of all the gennitones and things that go smell like spoiled fish
I tried to make him trade, I still tried to send him into a madly mad
I tried to make him trade, I still tried to send him trade
Your waist in your tie
They transformed the challenge to you
To your imagination to see if you're the one I do
To take it right to take him right in the kitchen
I look out, you silly co-loat
You try to make him trade
And let you want to be an old sad dad
Try to change things
Your waist in your tie
Yes, you can try to change things
But your waist in your tie
I love that, I love the way it ends
Anyway, it's a 10.02 at 5.60 WQM and the big word today is
What do you say? No, say it again
I have a feeling based on what I'm seeing and hearing
I think it's going to be one of the great days in the history of our lives
Well, alright, sports fast
That's right, big pull, a call in pull last night on Channel 7 news
Which I never watched but I was Channel Serfen and I saw they were pulling it
And the public too
And so even at the track when I got there I flipped on the TV and there was Channel 7 news
And they milked right to the very end from 5 to 7 p and they did the pulling
They took 83 million calls and 24% on this idiotic sales tax increase said
And 76% said no, no, no
Then this morning on Channel 7 news which again I was watching
I hate to break the news to you but they're covering it better than anybody else
Sorry about that, Gary Nelson, they're doing a better job than anybody else
So they had some bimbo that one of the pulling places in surfside
Not sunrise, one of the bimbo's in the studio was saying
I think she's up in sunrise, oh that's right, sunrise in the brow and they wouldn't be voting
Right, good thinking
So anyway, she was in surfside at 8 o'clock
The polls of course opened at 7 this morning
And we'll be open at 7 o'clock tonight, be sure to vote early and often today
And she said I've talked to several people, a good cross-section of people here this morning
The first hour voting and they have all, every one of them has voted, no, how do you like that?
Every one of them, not just most of them, not just a few of them
Every single one of them said, no, do you like that?
I think today is the day that we call the bluff of illiterate people like that
Puerto Rican phoning Maurice Faray
Oh yeah, the former mayor who was the mayor back in 1980 when they stuck a few people the first time for the Metro fail
And he's got the hooks but to get on here in the last couple of days and say
Oh, of course it's a piece of crap because it only goes 23 miles, it doesn't go anywhere
Two billion dollars later, he comes on 20 years later, it says it's a piece of crap, it doesn't go anywhere
But he was one, he was the mayor of the city of Miami back then
Telling everybody how great it was, we had all the drug money coming into town
So we didn't have to worry about Reagan's the recession
Because we had all this drug money coming in when they were walking around with a big suitcases of cash buying up VCRs at the Omni
Yeah, I remember those days, Maurice, you phoning Puerto Rican bastard
You're not fooling anybody, you've heard of bait and switch, this is blatant switch
With Maurice Faray
Just bring back all the old hacks, Merit Steerheim, Maurice Faray, the people who've lied to the public in this town
Year after, year after, and made it the toilet that did counties become today
They've had the opportunity, they've had the helm for all these years, they've turned it into what it is today
And then of course to Harold, another chance just to say to those lying self-serving bastards over there
Thanks to Norman Braeman by the way, Richard Friedman, Dave Slater, thanks to them, especially Norman Braeman
Because he'd cough it up the bucks there is what made these people possible to put the TV ads on there and the radio ads that actually wake up the public here
I have a feeling a lot of people are going to go out there and vote today
I could be wrong, but you've got till seven o'clock tonight to finally stick it to him and tell him you don't trust him with 50 cents, much less, 250 million a year for the rest of your lives
Here's a mobile and adventurer, hello
Hey Neil, 31-year-old Julio, the youngest resident of Aventura
And here's listening to you, I was finally inspired to call today
I just let him vote it, knew
All right
Thank you for inspiring me, thank you for being on the air and pushing this
I'm sick of the BS here in Dave County and thank you, have a great day
Thank you, thanks for listening
I guess it's carrying enough to send you very best
There's a guy to vote it, no, I need like that
I have a feeling they're going to take a whoopin today, that's my feeling
I don't think it's going to even be close, but don't become complacent
Don't assume that just because Channel 7 did a phone in poll or because somebody was at Surfside
Don't assume that the deed is done
Everybody in Dave County was a registered voter, I heard you've been ricking Pud this morning, Ron here, telling everybody vote
No, nice go on guys, nice book too by the way
And let me just clarify a couple things about the book, Duff is very concerned, psychotic even about the fact that he had the fall book on as the previous reference instead of the winner book
But it does make a difference, the spring book is the numbers we gave you and they were right
And as far as Hank is concerned, keep in mind, Hank is on 2 to 6, not 3 to 7
And so therefore, afternoon drive is delineated, just like us, we're not on 10 to 3, 1, 10 to 2
So you have to wait a few days till we get the computerized stuff in
And Hank may actually have been number 1
Or at least very close to it there and afternoon drive and I wouldn't be surprised to see some serious bonus money coming his way anyway
So there you go, Humber, and that Y100 thing, that is the biggest scam
I think after we investigate this local, these local politicians here, let's investigate Arbitron
25 to 54 men, Y100 number 1 in the afternoon, does anybody believe that?
No, what is it? Say it again louder, no, that word just keeps coming through my mind all day today
No! Yeah, since I got up this morning, I had a bed, I kept hearing it
No, do you? No, what I mean?
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello
Hey Neil, yes sir
I think Browards and Arates to see who could waste more money than were paid
Yeah, big report, any needs on howl and sale
Yeah, almost to 95, I look over, I was head west, I look over
In the parking lot there's got to be 15 Sheriff Broward Sheriff's car
B.S. people, yeah
B.S. one, I'm standing in the middle of the road pulling people over for speedy tickets
Right
I thought it was a restaurant or a police yard, or so many cops in that yard though
Are they giving our feed donuts with every ticket too? At least
Everybody be warned, speed up 40
Thanks for the warning pal
Yep, God bless you, there you go
Hey listen, don't think that the people in Broward are looking upon this with a very great interest
Because quite frankly we have nothing to lose
We would say it's a win-win situation in Broward
Because if this thing should pass, if they bring enough dead people in late tonight
And down there in homestay to put it over the top which I doubt, but if they did
It's just going to bring a lot more business to Broward County, we say bring it on
But somewhere along the line you have to have a conscience
Now I came in this morning and the guys in the morning show were all there in a hallway
And I said to them, I said, you guys really pushing to get these people out to vote
And they said, huh? Yeah, how about the dolphin Griffith?
How about the dolphin Griffith? In fact, there's...
Yeah
That's all the words they were ganging on, that they were choking on that dolphin Griffith
I have a feeling, baby, of course don't forget we're only here on the 1230 day
We got a short show so we have to make as much impact as possible
Because we got that stupid, stupid, idiotic Marlon game coming up in 1230 pre-game
Idiotic
Yeah, who the hell was that that the schedule led today in the afternoon on election day?
Nine minutes past 10 at 560, you're highly rated WQA
And here, by the way, Waffen's been delayed, how do you like that?
We're laughing at Waffen and Barry Jackass, we're getting the vet
No
I want to bang you in the butt, honey
No
No
When my family called me melanoma, I can't until I'm almost in a coma
How I eat my amy, and they never ever use any sunscreen
Sun with me, tan with me, hope you don't mind, I'm a little fructose
If I'm in the sun till we get melanoma, we'd hate to like to find you and smell the aroma
I'd like to roll on, but there's nobody home us
Hey, I'm a little worried
I spend all day at work planning that when I get off on ghost panning
I get naked and fake fake kids, how much longer is my skin gonna take it?
My astrologist and numerologists have to help me find a dermatologist
I'm in the sun till we get melanoma, we'd hate to like to find you and smell the aroma
I'd like to roll on, but there's nobody home us
Hey, melanoma, I'm in the sun till we get melanoma, we'd hate to like to find you and smell the aroma
We've got lots on our skin, bigger than the metronoma, hey, melanoma, I'm in the sun
We don't care if we get melanoma, we've got the best tan from here to Arizona
We're glad we don't have genital melanoma, hey, melanoma, I'm in the sun
I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while
I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while
I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while
I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while
I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while
I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while
I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while
I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while
I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while, I've been in the sun for a while
They've had articles in the last couple of months about how difficult it is for them to recruit people to come to work for businesses here
They've had articles in the last couple of months about how difficult it is for them to recruit people to come to work for businesses here
They've had articles in the last couple of months about how difficult it is for them to recruit people to come to work for businesses here
They've had articles in the last couple of months about how difficult it is for them to recruit people to come to work for businesses here
They've had articles in the last couple of months about how difficult it is for them to recruit people to come to work for businesses here
They've had two rapes among alleged incidents
they disclose when they disclosed when they discl sha'roung had phase in their quarter who
revealed earlier this month here is a talk about rates here is a man who's
raping dayed county with the assistance of mayor penga that's the best part
and all the other politicians including that the
that knife wielding Puerto Rican maris for a
that's right
backstabber
niki arison there's the trigger in a wood pile sucking out siphoning the blood
all the cash out of date counting
and they can't bend over fast enough for this guy
they can open up their act of might enough to satisfy him
and with his billions of dollars and daddy with his nine billion dollars
a tax for your own israel
what kind of crap is that they i'm gonna tell you it's pretty hard to do but if
you want to look at one guy that makes way in iris and look like Santa
clothe i mean makes micky i wonder what's his name
a wane high penga see i'm so tongue-tied i can't even get it out i can't even
say it myself because it's a ludicrous but nevertheless it's true he makes
a wane look like sandy clause this micky iris and
the day county rapist that's what he is
just just siphoning the people and the money out of the economy of this town
and doing it with the assistance of all these politicians or telling how they're
so concerned about you and all these traffic types which they helped do a
create by the way and they can have a lot worse
thank you mayor penga but the definite word today is no
laughing delays debut says very jackass south low does new sports radio
station is pushed back its launch date and is mulling changes to its original
lineup plan what do you think of that uh... yeah now instead of august
day through thinking about launching august 23rd maybe august 30th but
very doesn't say which year and we can hear about the lineup which i'll get
it later give me a break starting to look even dumber than usual very okay as
the hero continues with their brilliant award winning journalism
here's a mobile in my any hello
yes sir
micabin listen to you for a long time
uh...
yeah just went voted at nine thirty yes sir over here off miller and a hundred
and second avenue right
catholic church uh...
and uh... it was one other guy in there
so you people in my amy get off your dead ass and go both no no no no no no
thanks mike thank you okay
how do you like that there's only one other guy that's precinct you people better
get off your asses you got to seven o'clock tonight don't sit back on your
haunches okay because i got a haunch that if you do
that's what they're hoping for they've admitted the other day that if it's a big
turnout they're screwed
if it's a bigger than anticipate and of course that's a hell of a mission isn't
because of that really means is that if the if a sizeable number of you come
out in vote day counting day that the will of the people really be done which is
no way Jose
and don't forget this is just a fifteen point six percent increase in the
sales tax in the county for now for roads for the it's for your life time it's
for the rest of time it'll never be rescinded it'll never be rolled back you
can bet your life on it
you can go to the bank on it
and even if they don't want to fit it should pass they don't want to get all
this federal matching funds that they're hoping for and there's a danne
which is they won't because all these urban areas even even these newspapers had
a big spread about that couple days ago all these urban areas desperately
trying to chew up that pie so what happens then if they don't get the matching
funds and can't build that metro fair are you going to rescind the tax no you're
going to be stuck with it forever so they can uh... you know play fast and
loose with it and do whatever they want
here's Miami hello
hey deal yes sir one of the last seven green goes and date county all right
out of this morning and one and voted no
excellent what are the day was there anybody there there was bunch of people
there but unfortunately i live in eastern shores so i've been with going across
their on their wheelchairs walkers
all right people but i bet you those people were all voting no
guarantee that i know at least one of them was when i was walking in he was
walking out saying just say
you got it excellent i shot out all right have a good one you know back to you
thank you sir you were getting the vote out today baby we're gonna create that
thinking marlin game i'm telling you right now we're can't we can't afford
the luxury get out of here at twelve thirty i am so frosted and pissed off
about that you believe me i believe it come on tree
one day in my life that i would pass on the hour and a half off early any
doubted that say hey sure fine i'll leave here ten thirty if you want whatever
as long as i get paid i don't care but on this particular day it frost my big
fat old hairy ass to think that we got to make way for a guy named meaningless
ball game that nobody in their right mind would listen to
because of course we got commitments we got a page on Henry another god damn
billionaire that wants everybody to you know cough up the cash to build him a
stadium so for to build him a play toy i think the time has come to start saying
big time for all these damn rich people and thieves that's what we got rich
people and thieves down here looking out they don't give a crap about us
all they care about is themselves and their own special interest what the
way care of john Henry loses money nobody held a gun to his head and
forced him to buy the fricken in marlins after we dismantle them a horseball
minor league team nobody forced him to do that
now everybody in their brother o'town for lottery allow i see water hill is
making a big picture oh yeah they wanted a water hill over there right by the
swapshop they finally forced the swapshop to build the overpass there
even though sheriff nickin course was good is good buddies with the
press and in his hand they finally forced him to build the overpass so that
after years of all the traffic disruptions of it being impossible to get
through there on sunrise we finally have a little bit of relief there now
they want to put a guy damn baseball stadium in there in water hill
how do you like that no see this is the idea of inconveniencing the
masses for the convenience of a very very tiny select few that that just doesn't
get the job done as far as i'm concerned
that's why the president stadium that's in a perfect location that's what your
rabbie thought that's a great location doesn't block anybody didn't change
anybody's life so maybe a few sparsers over there but other than that
and that's right down the road from us here too so when you want to go to the
dolphins breakfast i'm sorry here's a mobile in Miami hello
deal yes sir i just uh... voted no about an hour ago great
listen i have a i was determined your uh... joint well uh... it wasn't too bad
i'm probably the sixth to green go left in Miami but in Miami springs is a
little uh... you know i think everybody will hope no as well
you know good uh...
i was just a quick and said this morning they had a good point
i go over there and i show my voters registration but inside it
so i asked the guy give me a pencil to sign it i've never been talking about
that that's an indelible pencil
that it is yeah okay because that's because you can't and i said no i need a
penny so no you can't use a pen to both and i said indelible pencil and it's
a special it's not the i heard them talking about that david lehi was the
uh... elections come out commissioner called in
and uh... if you try to erase it it's it's mere purple and there's no way to
doctor it so it's okay because you got to the bottom of our ready man right
thanks bill thank you sir
right vote again about two o'clock please no
oh yeah one once once is a good start but i'd say two three four times of
the good just to be on the safe side because these other people you know what they
do thirty bucks of what we heard a couple of days ago
how do you like that
not that we never have any fraud in the election and let me tell you again i i
don't nobody will ever convince me because i remember like it was yesterday
like it was five minutes ago because i know how hard Richard Freeman and the
others of us worked feverously twenty years ago to beat that metro fail the
first time to avoid that two billion dollars flush down the toilet
that was a rigged election i'll believe that then and i believe that now
as don krolyon once said and as far as this mayor pingas concerned he's just a
pimped he's like uh... attack you he's a pimped
just keep that in mind
here's a mobile in homestead hello
you yes sir hi good morning how are you sir great i just left homestead
did my voting and uh... i don't say the people are all down here but i'm forty
eight now is the youngest person there
boy but uh... yeah they'd uh... coming up chrome they'd get big signs that people
have uh... painted on to say no no great uh
yeah it's a turn out down here's uh... not really bad it in the way blind very
long but uh... there's a lot there's a couple absentees on the list i've got
five people on the list there and uh... two of raps okay thanks okay no
and i think that's what it's trying to say one thing no okay five six seven oh five
sixty he went a little surly down there at homestead i guarantee one thing
mr mayor they're not going to be coming out with the late votes at homestead
to put you over the top this time are they no what is again little louder
thank you
I'm making up to hide.
It's a close up of my gut.
It's a good luck to be done.
And we'll just don't have to be so number one.
Take a look at my heart.
Don't let it sit once tonight.
Would I be the star of the movie outside?
Then don't get me.
And don't they see my enough of me?
They want to grab it, grab it all.
If you have a movie, you have a memory with a few bad things.
Throw your heart away.
And would you have more cash with a big old safely?
I still think you're new.
I'm not being pleased.
Is this you, Pat?
31 at 5.60 WQAM.
By the way, congratulations to our sales manager, Lou Ann Winnick.
I just can't stand that for long.
She's the WQAM MVP for the month of June.
Anybody agree with that?
No. Well, that's the word of the day.
They can't stop saying no.
Now, she's the ratings just came out yesterday.
Is she having a show on her station?
No.
She got any high ratings?
No.
Okay.
But nevertheless, nice go on, screw in.
I just can't stand that for long.
Just mention that in passing.
I got Carl Heishen's column from Sunday in a Harold out again,
which I will read a little later in the show.
We've only got two hours left, God damn it.
What about your crap that is?
So we've got to move fast.
You've got to vote at least three or four times before 1230.
And then after that, you run your own.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello?
Yes. My mother just voted no.
No.
Great.
And when I was before I dropped her off,
I found all my Rondo game memorabilia finally.
So that's two happy things.
Right.
So I'm just happy, and I wish I could have voted,
but just all I'm not a resident.
Well, as long as your mom had did it, we're happy for her.
Thank you, sir.
560-560 on a mobile one line.
Just say, no.
That's the word today.
And you minorities, by the way,
you ethnic, well, of course, in the county,
who knows if you're minority, but whatever you are,
all you ethnic.
Don't get sucked in here.
Don't believe all this baloney about all these jobs.
They promise the same crap back the first time.
Did the minorities get the job?
No.
Did they get any like big boondoggle, any big fallout from it?
No.
Now all they got was the shaft like they always get.
Just take a look at the county.
Just take a look at the death and destruction.
What it's turned into, the decay.
Where is the herald with all their answers for that?
Where is the world they've been all these years?
And all these other hacks like that Puerto Rican Maurice foray?
Where the hell have they been?
Masquerading is something that he's not, a human being.
Yeah, when it was a real piece of crap,
you know, what do you expect doesn't go anywhere.
Well, how come you pushed it back in 1980?
You were the mayor of Miami back then, Maurice.
You illiterate bastards.
You goon, you idiot.
Go wander around on the streets of the Bronx.
They'll probably kick you out of there, too.
Fony baloney.
Here's Miami. Hello?
How you doing, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Go to know this morning.
Know this bullshot election.
Right.
Know that crook mayor, Limp Penga.
Right.
Know that it's pie in the sky with the funny.
Limp Penga, right?
It's a joke.
And everyone's going to go down there and vote,
because this thing is going to be fixed.
I'm down there, and they've got these yellow cards,
where you can show up without an ID, say you're whoever you want to say you are,
signs wearing that to you are, and they let you vote.
Really?
Yeah, Penga and his little sidekick, Laurie Stein,
and whatever her name is, they're going to be down there in disguise,
is voting a thousand times.
So we've got to get out there and stop them.
Yellow cards?
Yes, you can now go down there without an ID.
Yeah, well, not any ID.
Without any ID.
And you tell them I'm John Doe.
Yeah.
And I think you have to give the last four numbers of your social.
You fill out this yellow card saying that you are who you say you are.
Yeah.
You sign it, so now you've made an oath.
Oh, I think you are.
I'm going to be after 1230.
I'm going to be down there all afternoon.
And in closing?
Joe's going, George.
All of us are going on, yes, sir.
In closing, the Miami Herald, bunch of ass suckers, today,
they said there were going to be eight mythical lines.
It's up there.
Did not that numbers up every day?
Yeah, they're all in somebody's head.
They're all conceptual.
They're all in somebody's mind.
Well, I've got a conceptual.
They're all a figment of somebody's imagination.
I've got a conceptual line.
I'd like to run right up to you.
Right.
Right.
Okay. Nice going, pal.
Thanks, Dale.
Thank you.
Yeah, everybody wants to stick their foot in the mayors.
Right, Tom.
It's not conceptual.
It's real.
How do you like that?
I've got from home.
I said, want to go a little bit beyond that.
Well, they're pissed off and fired up.
And they damn well, should be.
You know what?
Try to pull a wall over their eyes.
Try to pull a fast election on a day when nobody is here.
And the dog days of summer make all these excuses about it.
Oh, we got to do it now.
We're going to miss out on those.
It's amazing that you got a mayor in Dave County who keeps changing his mind.
They're like, some people change the run.
They were every couple of days.
Just amazing.
I mean, he's convinced beyond a shadow of it out that he's got to do anything to get himself elected
to make sure that we don't get slipped and Mickey by that billionaire.
And then all of a sudden, as soon as he gets in it, well, you know something, he, we just made a great deal.
It's wonderful.
And I was saying with this deal, well, he was against the sales tax.
But then the power is to be can see this man just a pimp.
Don't you understand that?
He's being manipulated by the special interest of real power brokers in his town.
He's just a little pimp.
And they're promising.
Oh, we're going to make you Senator a pinga, vice president pinga, president pinga, whatever we're going to make you.
That's what all the promises are in the meantime.
He just says, okay.
Yeah, that's what he said, whatever you say, all the say does this 180 degree turnaround.
He turns around faster than Drew Michaels.
I'll tell you that.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
Anybody remember Drew Michael?
No.
He that work keeps popping up.
No.
Over and over again.
Remember Stan Major?
No.
How about the, what's his name?
Who's the guy, the motorcycle guy?
Jasmine Kay?
No.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Welcome at 740.
Actually, welcome.
At around 7 o'clock.
Went to the precinct at 740.
But didn't know.
No.
Yes.
And they made, they actually made me take my registration card and my driver's license out.
So I don't know what that guy's talking about.
And your green card?
Yeah.
I went to Miami Beach about five people there.
And five people?
Yeah.
Well, it's, you know, it's early.
Yeah, they get up late over there.
Absolutely.
Anyway, yeah.
I went ahead.
The question is really interesting, William.
It's like, well, I can't remember the exact words for basically some new online.
Do you want to abolish the tools you had to make all these, they break, you know, the sentence
and have all these great bullet points or what it's going to do.
Oh, and at the bottom, oh, by the way, it's going to be a tax leave it again, you know, those.
So yeah.
So yeah, you buy.
And anyway, I stuck out that thing that they have stuck it in the no little hole and it could
be deep and hard.
Great.
And give it to them.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks for answering.
Keep sticking it.
That's what we're saying.
Stick it to them.
No.
Okay.
So let them lie again and get sucked in and make a long term commitment for billions of dollars
that are going to go in somebody else's pocket, all these construction, all these plums
that their friends want.
That's what it's all about.
Oh, and somebody was on there.
They were going to have 20,000 new jobs.
Then the mayor was saying, oh, there's going to be six or seven thousand new jobs.
Yeah, maybe like who the hell knows what it's going to be.
I wouldn't be surprising to me if we had more cracked pillars again, just like we almost forgot
about from 20 years ago when we were building the leg there on the right alongside Dixie Highway.
You could drive by there and watch and see the cracks in the pillars.
Oh, I think we did a little bit of a bad job there.
Then of course, we got to spend all the money to redo that and reinforce those things.
I mean, this is so typical of what they do in this town.
Not to mention the $29 million.
They started with the airport project out there and they said, well, we're not going to do it this way.
Anyway, this isn't going to work.
The $29 million of yours is already flushed down the toilet.
It's too late to get it back down the expensive toilets with those expensive toilet seats.
The guy was talking about yesterday.
Just saying no to just handing over more of your money willingly and being a sucker.
And that goes for black and white and Hispanic and Anglo and old and young and in between and undecided.
Get with it.
Grow up here for once in your life.
Yes.
You want anything special for a month or so?
That's whatever he's got.
Just on the whip up a whole bunch of crap.
We're having a big ratings party and a just vote party today because confidence is very high, especially after seeing that pool on Channel 7 last night.
See, that's the kind of pool I believe.
Even though it's unscientific, but they were charging 50 cents a call.
So, any cheap batches we got here, anybody that's going to spend 50 cents, is going to be highly motivated.
So, the fact 24% said yes and 76% said on that Channel 7 2 hour pool last night on their news.
That kind of impresses the hell out of me because you would think that the yes people would be the one that would want to rig that thing and be calling it over and over again to try to influence the public.
Didn't work out that way, didn't it?
No.
There is that word again.
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just tell me what your problem is.
What's Gary doing tonight?
And who are you minding? What's in this?
That's why, inquiring minds, read the Miami hero.
Is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien in her spare space?
It's in the hell.
Is Paul Ahacken's the true mother of the elephant fan.
It's in the hell.
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Matt Henry?
It's in the hell.
Is Jim Baker about to give birth to Jerry Fallwell's baby?
It's in the hell.
That's sex, sex, sex, war, hot, sex, oh it's in the hell.
But, Gary Hart's amazing right side is from Florida.
Acrossward fuzzled and has no answers.
Our own two exercises just for us.
I talked love letters to Neil Rogers.
And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we have to know the bloody thing all day.
Mindless, fat, bleak rhetoric.
It's Alan and Lady Feef you are.
Don't buy a Miami hero.
Available at Supermarket Checkout counters everywhere.
And where final manure is free.
And by the way, we all do respect to our Puerto Rican friends all 10 of them.
No, we have a lot of them out there.
But the fact is that here we got a guy who's Puerto Rican, which is okay.
It's good enough for Ricky Martin and Jennifer Lopez.
But nevertheless,
Max Grading is something else.
I don't want to say,
Cuban, I don't want to say that.
Just keep that in mind, okay?
When you listen to him talking with a fork tongue of his.
So anyway, speaking of the way and when it's winning the employee of the month,
the MVP for the month of June,
she's obviously doing a spectacular job with the QM sales department because number one,
we got one to be unnamed very large fat sales person who allegedly is interviewing for a job at a radio on more.
That's number one big and fat guy.
You know what I'm talking about?
And then we just had a rumor slip,
a little paper slipped out of the door with a play by play before a literal,
a literal fist fight downstairs on the second floor between Lee Cutler and Gary Sarner.
Who lied, Jews?
Awww!
You want a sales department?
Let's hear it.
Verbal and physical fisticuffs being hurled back and forth.
They're hurling downstairs.
On the second floor.
Our money's on Lee.
No, my money's on Gary because he gets me stuff wholesale.
Okay, let's go to the way up.
What is it?
He owes me money.
Who does?
Gary.
No, he doesn't know your money.
The account owes you money.
For that appearance he owes me money and he's responsible for getting it to me.
No, he's not.
It's the stationable owe you money until hell freezes over.
He's not going to the way thing I buy it.
So just tell him to write you a check.
That's the fact that's going to be tomorrow.
George is going to have a fist fight with Gary Sarner.
Over where's that money for that appearance I did many, many moons ago.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, I'm a voter in Miami.
I voted this morning over in the falls area and there were two people there.
And I guess the biggest thing that concerns me I've lived in Miami 20 years.
And it is just amazing the first place that Alex Penelope was even voted into office
since the pandemic and Miami tends to be a very high Republican.
Yeah, but he speaks the right language though.
Exactly.
And I remember, if everybody I don't have a short memory, but I remember when he was voting against
a new arena and then all of a sudden he gets elected and now he's all pro arena.
So I mean, if I really believe that this is going to cut down on traffic,
I would pay five cents extra because I drive all day.
But this is just crap.
And the thing that scares me is the mentality of Miami.
The fact is that in the matter of half of the people, most of the people here are voting,
they're voting because because he's Hispanic.
And I don't think they realize the issue.
How do you know that though?
Well, just to get an example, I was in a block first for the other day.
And this young, I was just talking to Alex Penelope and walked back.
Okay, see they're chopping your phone off.
So we'd all right, I hate to go, but just say,
No.
Okay, I would like to have heard what that story was, but nonetheless they just garbled her phone or garbling it.
Five six probably are coming a conspiracy.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
They had some Holy Osin surf side this morning and they had voted,
like I said, the Channel 7 Bumbo.
She said, every once he spoke to an at first hour in surf side,
they each and every one of them said they had voted.
No.
That's what they said.
Oh, how do you like that?
Here's the sunrise. Hello.
Just a point.
Didn't the last half penny sales tax get all that gold plated furniture at Jackson Memorial?
Uh-huh, that's right.
Okay, that's all I wanted.
You bet.
And don't forget about the golden plumbing pictures for Johnny Jones.
That was a few years ago, but nevertheless,
more of your money being flushed down the toilet literally.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
You can't keep telling us about all the corruption and about all the illegalities
and all the fixed elections in Miami and then turn around and expect the people to trust you.
The same people, by the way, the merits, theier himes and the Maurice Farage and all these other grave robbers
and Mayor Penga who already did the one big lie right in front of your face
and make that wicked deal with the devil with Mickey Harrison, the rapist of Dave County.
Here's DeRale.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I went this morning, nine o'clock in the morning, pulled my dad out of the house and we both voted.
No.
Excellent.
This afternoon I'm going to give my girlfriend a ride with her mother and her dad and they're all going to vote.
No.
No.
No.
One point I wanted to make.
I read them.
I'm pretty much every day.
And I read about how much pride and how much great this is and that.
How come now that this penny attack comes around?
You don't vote for it.
You know, this place, you know, we're going to...
It's important.
Yeah, yeah.
The world will come to an end.
The sky will fall and the time will stop.
Yeah, you know.
But, well, you know, in closing, Mayor Penaulas.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Thank you.
Okay.
Oh, I sure wish we had...
Oh, God, you know, do we have that?
Is that one of the cards back here?
No, it's in there.
Wait a minute.
I'll find it.
No.
No.
Oh, it's in there so much.
I'll find it here in the next break.
I'll find it.
Oh, that's good.
Thank you, sir.
That reminded me of that great, the Renewary card.
How about your Renewary's voting?
No.
I know my friend, Fat Rich, has some of the track last night.
He's going to go out and vote today.
Everybody, I talked to.
Who are the S-people besides the Shills, okay?
Besides the Hacks.
These people that they're promising.
And don't forget you, people at FIU, you students out there.
20 years before you're going to see a penny of anything over there.
You'll be long gone if you're lucky from this area.
Not just from FIU.
So don't be believing in a song and a dance about how it's going to cut your tuition down.
And it's going to do this and that.
20 years before any of that's going to happen.
Everybody and their brothers going to get a little piece.
This one's going to get pissed.
And you know something, I hate to break the news to all you bus riders out there.
This sounds very selfish on my part.
Oh well, we could afford two courberts.
Well, you know something?
If you're going to use the buses, you're the ones who should pay for it.
Not the other people who don't use you bastards.
Just like people at Drive.
I have no problem with the gas tax because if you're using or even the tolls.
If you're using the road, you should be the ones paying for them.
Not people who don't use them.
Doesn't that make sense?
Makes all the sense in the world of me?
Yeah.
What a concept.
As though the rest of us all like free bus service to somebody who's like a hundred years old,
who may have like 80 billion dollars in a bank, huh?
I don't want to mention anybody who lives in Hallendale.
Only she don't ride the bus.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I got a couple things on the table here.
Right ahead.
One thing last night, I don't remember what the channel it was on the news.
A bout of clock, six o'clock news, whatever.
They had an interview with Alfonso Charde, who was the herald traffic reporter or whatever.
I don't know if he'll, you know, chill.
They asked him very pointed questions about the tax and what's being played out right now in this county.
And he answered honestly without any editorialization or any full crap or any of that.
Oh my God.
Wow.
What a concept.
Yeah, it was.
It was probably the only unbiased news ever to come out of the herald newsroom.
Getting back to the herald, they recommend yes vote.
What gives them the right to recommend anything on vote?
Well, I mean, all newspapers or most papers editorialize taking editorial position forward against them in elections.
It's in elections.
So, you know, whether it's candidates or an issue, they have a right to have an opinion.
But they certainly don't have a right to lie.
Exactly.
And they try to terrifying scared out of the public just like you do with Casino gambling.
And that's the tip off.
You know, if the herald is for it, that it must mean for their own self-self interest
and because they don't give a crap about anybody else.
They were also for the first metro rail.
And now they and everybody else would tell you it was a wasted two billion dollars.
Well, I was totally against it back when it's when that crap went.
You bet.
All right.
Where was the sample ballot this time?
Is that missing the paper?
I didn't see it.
Very good point.
Do we know what this goddamn thing reads?
Yeah, well, we get into the voting booth.
Some people fax it to me again.
I'll read it, but there's some people fax it again.
But you're at a good point.
Usually every election, it's very prominent in both newspapers.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Yes, sir.
And that's a good point.
No.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one.
I'm sure somebody's got the sample ballot wording out there.
No fax it.
I handed it here today, but of course, why do I hang out of that?
It's too depressing.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, it's me.
Good morning, man.
Yes, sir.
I give you a good idea of who's voting yes.
My parents and a bunch of about 100 old files were heard into a school bus this morning.
Oh.
And they've been brainwashed, man.
They're all voting yes.
That's all that's not happening all over the place.
We're going to be in trouble.
They were burning on the buses?
Yes, sir.
They've been on to some community activity, civic, crafts, and whatever.
They don't have any craft.
And I just came to find out that I had a curiosity.
I asked and they said, yeah, we're going with all of our 100 blue hairs in there.
Oh.
They're voting yes.
So let's cross our toes and our fingers and everything else, man.
Maybe the bus will get lost.
Yeah, one more thing I had to drift into one of the not so better parts of town today.
And I happened to drive in front of a polling place.
They had about 15 little schwarzes with a vote yes t-shirt song.
Is it accurate with green lettering my friend.
And one more thing before I go.
Yes, I have been able to wear it.
Okay.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line is guys a little bit pissed off and fired up.
Right.
Yeah.
In fact, don't forget anything where you got a positive answer.
They just say don't say.
Don't say that.
That's a bad word today.
Just say.
That's better.
No, that word we like a lot.
Yeah, they're hurting.
They're rounding them up.
They're rounding all the little lackeys up that they made all these promises to and free bus rides and free this and free that and we'll bring a million dollars in cash and then McMahon will come and have coffee with you and all this other crap is going to go on.
Yeah.
Not much we can do about those bastards.
We're talking to the living and breathing thinking people that know that aren't that gullible and senile anymore that have been around a block a few times.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
For these buttons I'm telling you somebody I think it's a conspiracy.
It's a commie plot.
Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Let me.
I was an advocate for knocking down the toll booth early on and I'm still an advocate for that and but this system is ridiculous and obviously you're doing a great job.
Yes I am.
But I want to caution the voters out there, the potential voters to get out there and vote.
You know we talked about these people that are going to get on buses as if they're you know they're Julio's or whatever but they're going to go out to the voting booth and they're going to vote and they're going to vote yes.
Yeah, they're obviously there.
They're feverishly spending all their time rounding up all of their lackeys and they're going to make them sure they get every one of those votes in there.
So the people can sit on a ration called channel seven.
That's easy to do make a phone call who are against it but you also have to make the extra effort to go out there and doing it today.
Exactly.
Tomorrow morning we'll be saying we'll have to do this happen because those potatoes did nothing.
Amen.
Let me also point this out.
The people in Kendall and Sweetwater it's cost effective for them to vote yes.
And those people are going to go out there because they may save them.
It may be cost effective for them and they may save money every year plus they won't have two toll booths when they're driving downtown to work.
Yeah.
The people in the rest of the county please don't sit on your butts.
Get out there.
Those people there are friends or our neighbors but they're going to do what's best for their pocketbooks.
And we've got to do what's best for all of our pocketbooks.
Okay, Val, thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And as far as the people in Kendall you've already got your metro rail and you already probably most of you aren't using it anyway.
In addition to which you know stop and figure it out.
The tolls over the period of the extra toll over a period of a year or each year as opposed to how much more you're going to spend in the country.
And in most cases it's not even close just a couple of major purchases you've already exceeded.
What's going to cost even if you drive toll roads both ways every goddamn day of your life.
Just take a pencil and one of those indelible pencils and finger it out.
Three minutes before 11 at 560 WQM your negative station for today only we just say anything you want just today.
Change it on.
No, that would not be very smart.
Ricky does.
That's wrong.
You know it's the piece that really sounds.
That's your voice to reggae and you sound like hell.
Ricky does.
That wrong.
And believe me you've been one.
If you ever decide to go country.
Then your career.
11 all three at 560 WQM so Carl Hyson writes in this last Sunday's a hero to the Sunday morning.
Transit plan hides money pit.
This is one of the great columns ever written in the history of this town because most people this time I got balls the size of a BB if any at all.
He says before you ride driver walk to the polls July 29 or a few things about the transportation plan that Miami date mayor may Alex Penelas is so penniless is so exuberately promoting.
First and foremost it's a metro rail tax.
A penny will be added every dollar you spend at the store and the bulk of that extra tax will go toward new elevated train tracks.
Estimated cost as much as a hundred million dollars per mile.
That's not a typo a hundred million dollars per mile.
The barn storming mayor doesn't dwell on the metro rail part of his plan due to the fact that metro rail is an ongoing flop.
No politician wants to be seen as throwing good money after bad especially the public's money.
So Penelas is widely focusing attention on the less whimsical aspect of his proposal.
Expanding bus services yanking out tool boots on for expressways freeing up more funds for needy causes.
These are good things that will bring out eager voters.
The issue of metro rail will bring about to the mostly on the opposing side.
It's not that people hate the idea of trains what people hate is waste and inefficiency and insurmountable debt.
The trademarks of metro rail and many mass transit projects history teaches several unhappy lessons.
One it will cost billions more to build metro rail than they say.
Two it will take years longer to complete than they say.
Three far fewer commuters will ever write it than they predict.
And for somebody will make a fortune off the construction.
That's one reason Penelas was able to quickly raise more than a million dollars in private funds to help sell his plan on TV.
For some companies metro rail won't just be another project. It'll be a lifetime stipend.
The money will never dry up. That's the beauty of a sales tax. It's like a giant straw that just keeps on sucking.
But the mayor says come on people trust us. Don't worry about incompetence, mismanagement or corruption.
Not in Miami-Dade government. Right. These are the same bright bulbs who once paid two dollars per foot for 97 miles of roadstripping that was never even done.
Nobody even bothered to drive out and check.
The non-work was part of a juicy 58 million dollar package awarded by the county commission to church and tower a construction firm headed by the late political bully Jorge Mosconosza.
Gee, you don't suppose church and tower might get a piece of the new metro action. If not, it's only because they're outmustled by other companies with craftier lobbyists.
Correctly perceiving a trace of cynicism among scandal-rear-e-voters, Penelas has proposed a Citizens Overside Board to keep an eye on each penny collected and paid up from the transit tax.
It would be a grand thing if that actually worked. It would be even grander if the new railings were finished on time and under budget.
And if commuters and droves abended their gas guzzlers for the train, and if metro rail actually wound up breaking even.
Such a thing has never happened in the annals of modern U.S. transportation. It won't happen here either.
By the time the final chapter of the metro rail saga is written, Mayor Penelas will be congressman Penelas or governor Penelas are more likely grandpop Penelas, and few will recall his role in the penny tax.
He might choose not to recall it himself.
If the transit tax passes, hope for the best, hope for new buses, unless traffic congestion, hope for new trains that run on time and actually go where you need to go, hope that every new highway has got stripes down the middle.
In other words, hope for a miracle, says Carl Heiss in an Sunday morning's hero.
Of course, that's buried deep inside there on the local page, not only at a Tural page where it should have been.
If they had any balls and really cared about you folks who live here, which they don't.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
23 minutes later.
And they're still dealing with themselves. Okay. Hope you have a good time. 56670560, 0560 on the ATAT line. Here's Miami Lake. Hello.
That's a great article. Yes it is. I just got back from voting. No.
I can't stand this panelist. He has done nothing but just stabbed the entire. He's a little frickin' liar as what he is.
I felt for him the first time. I voted for him because I thought he was going to keep that arena out of there.
But the next day, he just turned around and just stabbed us in the back.
And I hope that today we can finally stab him in the back.
Okay, Paul. Good job. Take it easy.
Thank you. Let's see. Here's an urgent fact. It says couldn't get you on the telephone. If somebody hasn't mentioned it, my wife and I both notice when we voted, they voted.
No. Of course, that the ballot form was a little long. Unless it was perfectly secured over the pegs, a no vote would wind up being a yes vote.
We use different machines. So it must have applied all the voting machines. Please pass the word along to those who have voted it. Make sure you're a thing is on your tight and the ballot too.
So that you're going to stick it in there. The hole is in the right place. Can we say that on the year now? No.
Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Marlon game at 12 30 excited about that. No.
Boy, what is after that is here's a mobile in pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay, this van calls for pompano. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm calling about this game. You guys are going to have on today. Wow, we plan this small game. Why are we out of nowhere?
Why we got it on the air? Yeah, why would we have no choice because they got a contract with this bosone. I have to put it on the air because we're paying all because we're paying all this money for the rights to put it on to be more most of the audience away.
It's crazy. Can you give me a favor, Neil? Yes, sir. Do you have this? Do you have this? Do you have this? Do you have about the Barney taking a crap? Yes, I do. Can you play it for me, please? I'll work on it. Thank you. We'll feed some lunch here from pizza loft to Barney. Catch you do the job.
5 6 7 0 5 6 real fast to 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only 18 T wireless line. The audience is just saying no and they're not too happy about that Marlon game either. Are they pretty fired up and pissed off about that and well, should they be.
Lunch is swill, but you know, this is a radio station where ball games are more important than whether you know we are our live or not. That's the problem with this whole deal here.
We got fist fights down or maybe we can have Rick Weaver bring him back to a play by play on the fist fight between Lee Cutler and Gary Sarner down there and a sales department. Let's hear it.
Bring back all Howard Coacel. Maybe Charlie Alfieher. It can make him look a little better. Fixed up that gigantic ball spot. Okay, 11 14 at 5 60 WQM. That's what they're trying to do today. Stop the big one right on our heads, but I don't think it's going to happen. All of it's a little disturbing here about those bustle boat loads and bust loads.
That's the bringing that's what they're doing. Bust loads of old people and boat loads of illegal aliens. That's what they're bringing down to the polls to try to put this one over on you.
Here's for a lottery. Hello. Yes, sir. Great.
Can you just look at another case of distraughts as being shots is I don't understand why they would any of them would want a tax increase. It's going to affect them the most.
There they another 15% increase on all their everything they buy. Right. Why would any of them be for it?
Because they've been promised by people like Willie Logan and Terry meat in other Uncle Tom promised all these jobs, which you know they're not going to get and promised the moon with the green cheese on it's not going to happen.
So all you smarts is out there just say no. Don't get conned again. Okay. How many times can you get lied to and you still go out there. Oh yeah, whatever you say man start growing up here baby. That's what it's all about.
Start growing up here and just say all the liars out there show me you're not as stupid as they think you are and that goes for everybody in this town.
Who do you know who the hell is that. Oh yeah, Mayor penis you know he's Cuban. Therefore all the Cubans are going to go first of all the poll show does almost even Steve woman of Cuban. It's the other Hispanics that were worried about.
That was so lopsided in that poor. You have to wonder who the hell those people are and what they're what they're putting in their breakfast stuff. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on their AT&T wireless line.
Where we going here's Miami hello. Miami. Neil yes sir. First time call a long time listener. You're the voice of reason in this town. I voted no myself but I tell you what I think it's a lost cause I was out. I've been reading I've been reading the paper for two days that to prevent fraud they're going to ask for a picture ID to prove who you really are. I went down there with my 83 year old ragged old yellow.
Voter registration card it could have been anyone's car they never asked me for no ID really. And I think all the pens what precinct you're voting at and they're just lax and loose a lot of places they don't give a crap and it's usual it's another horse ball election here.
Well it's a banana republic here and this election is fixed probably like just like all the rest of them and we're going to end up with a miles of tracks of Metro Rail that we don't need. When you go about 315 to vote again let me know if they do it again.
Okay Neil I'm closing take it loose. Okay it's the spokesman he says don't shake it to our though 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T Wilders fun maybe we'll hear from some people they got offered some money for our vote huh. I wouldn't surprise me.
It started 30 bucks a couple of days ago they're probably so desperate now after seeing that channel 7 pool they got to raise up to 100 bucks a pop.
And like I said before even if they promise you money for a yes vote just take the money and say okay I'll go in there and do it and then vote no anyway is the way to do it.
Just make sure they're not looking over your shoulder. Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh yeah Neil I think the kilo packs are very good for the wow wow. Yeah okay great.
Whatever you say man mom what whatever you say 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T Wilders line here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Morning Neil yes sir. I'm a Cuban American I was leading to vote yes for that after listening to you and reading and seeing the little squirt on the TV.
No my whole family was a voting no all right no great and I want a commissioner Swapo send us a letter yesterday saying he changed his mind.
We pay sure to say to both no on you that he would not work great excellent all right Neil nice going down. Thank you thank you there you go you see they're waking up right here at the end and thank you can see the difference in the pool in June where they had the public just a con big time because nobody was really speaking against this too much and all of a sudden the month later here in July the last pool that was in the paper either dropping like a rock.
Drop in like a rock and when you come to the public and ask them to impose another more taxes on themselves especially for dubious benefits if they ever get billed anyway and especially forever and ever most of them with the track record these people have got are going to say no way give me a break who are you kidding.
You can't trust corrupt people with 250 or 60 million dollars more year to play with as they want including the hundred and three million that they're handing out all these other organizations all these cultural snobs to do their bidding.
What a bunch of crap that is who are by the way breaking the log just like Richard Friedman pointed on all those letters you said breaking the law by lobbying on behalf of a partisan ballot issue don't confuse them with the facts because that's not the way we conduct elections in campaigns and they do.
I'm not going to go to the county forget about the laws will do whatever the whole we want to try to pull over on the public.
Here's my name spring. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you sir. Great. I felt a little weird going on and voting. No. I did but I had to go inside a retirement home to vote. Yeah. Exactly. All these old ladies screaming. Yes. Yes. Yes. Really. I told them.
I'll fuck my. Oh, okay. Thank you. And then they said that's what they said. Yeah. Damn it. He was going to say shwants. Yeah. No, he was not going to say that. He don't know Tommy. He owns shwants from Tommy wants 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. How's it going?
I'm going to have to. I just want to let you know I'm an FIU student and they're trying to feed us a whole bunch of crap over the on campus and the newspapers and the media and trying to tell us how great it will be for the school and the university.
But I don't think most students are buying it. Most of us went down this morning to vote now. No. Excellent. So I don't know what they're trying to get out of it. But supposedly they got promised a whole bunch of money from 20 years from now. I hope most of you are going to still be students at FIU in 20 years.
You're really going to have some serious problem. Yep. I hope not. We'll take care. Nice going pal. Thank you. There you go. FIU says. No. How do you like that? We got Holy O's today who say. No. We got old people who say. No. Young people. No.
5 6 7 0 5 60. We got another hour and eight minutes to go before that got off of ballgame. Jesus. I feel like I'm being ahead today. I feel unclean.
I do. I feel smart. But that damn Marlon game even being associated with it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 60 on the 18. By the way, Hank will be on right after the game at about 4 30. Hopefully sooner than that until 6 and mad dogman at 6 o'clock.
Yes. And it kept them from the apprentice casino over there. I'll plug in his brains out tonight doing that evil thing gambling in the casino. We know how evil that is right. All you assholes at the arrow. Right. Evil.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Great. Here's another Cuban that's going to say no and have you a polls right now. All right. And let, let, let all of those out there that I think I'm not going to vote don't cry tomorrow because these politicians, their hoping for a role turnout so they can, they can sneak this on. Right. Another 15%. We get a 30% turn out today. This thing is history.
but you know what i mean that's a policy that you can focus on the vote yes
because it's a huge because uh... you know there's a lot of the two
up brains in here was gonna be sick you know we know what they're going to be
doing with our money which is a thing they've always done nothing that's right
all right nice going pal thanks thank you see
there's a cuban said no how do you like that a big fat resounding that's what
he says
five five six seven oh five sixty
Georgia's making gutter will sounds in the room
five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile in Davie hello
you know that yes sir
i used to live in washington dc
and we had a nice socialist government they run by them
dying in moron berry
and he pulled something like this at one point you decided to increase the
revenues by uh...
creating the biggest uh... gas tax in the area
what happened was everybody who had
work with you know they got a lot of spare cash for that white powder but
anyway
everybody uh... who worked in dc wound up
running just over the dc line of dc little posted stamp about ten miles
square right
and right over the line in the Maryland and into virginia the biogasling
sure it was
it cost less
and what one of happening was even though they increased
their uh... tax they want to lower their revenue and just about bankrupting all
of their
all of their gasoline merchants dc
and i have one thing about this tax is i think what they're going to do is
they're going to screw all the retail uh... merchants
uh...
in day county because anybody who has the ability to go drive into uh...
the brown
in the brown it is going to wind up doing the shopping there saving up you know
point in the half
you know it wouldn't make sense to you i see the other the other day that
may or pingo he's in a winding and dining the north mind you chamber
commerce
wouldn't you seem to do that anybody with any chamber commerce types in
date county would tell us got to get lost i mean the chamber commerce is
supposed to represent in business this is the worst thing for business
they could possibly be doing
well i don't know about that i've got an interest in a business in brown or
this part of the everybody vote yet
good luck
i'll okay i think i said we live in broward with a win-win
matter how you look at it
it pays to live in broward
you know i'm saying
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty
on the eighteen t-warlos line
here's my me hello
a meal yes sir
you know the uh... she'll do a
study that instead of expanding the rail system it been better to expand
that uh... that downtown rail line house yeah
make it a randah and three p.o. section right up
high ninety five randah
out in the bowler didn't have been able to out there ran it even out to two
down south you know
and they refuse to listen to it
make it a use like uh...
what they call a full of reflectors on top of the trains to save money
electrician everything right
and some way many counties through that suggestion out and they
just money guys want to use a train
so i hope you're voting
and i voted no but i put a special location on the ballot
meal
i said uh...
run the rail between the law is like
uh...
how come i had a feeling you would some kind of a more on a
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty
on the eighteen t-warlos line how come i had that feeling you know what i
he was gonna go
who's it at the last second
here's a lady in the gables hello
hello yes
i just wanted to let you know this is another cuban and i took my mother
a-l-e we've been voted
no
alright excellent
and the family's also going to vote no
okay
you need nice carcola thank you
ask the k-year meetings nice going
cubans voting how do you expect that doesn't sound to the mayor picket
and sound to promising that you're going to pull the wall of these people's
eyes
just because you're running around going
trying to give everybody the business just keep in mind this is the same guy
who came on television about three mondays ago and said great i'm glad that
all these uh... increased holes on his road got everybody also i got it and
we had all this traffic jam and everybody got sweat it up and worked into a
frenzy i'm glad because now maybe they'll be frustrated enough to vote yes
on his damn fraudulent tax
that's this is what he said
they come right out and tell you they slap you in the face just like that
Puerto Rican ex mayor of Miami Maurice for a
saying oh yeah well they met the real okay the piece of crap because it only
goes twenty-two miles it doesn't go anywhere those are his exact words it
doesn't go anywhere and he was the mayor of Miami back in eighty when they put
this piece of crap over on the public a two-billion dollar waste flushed
right down the toilet
and he sits there and looks you in the face with that stupid look on his
uh... puts
and has the gold a slap you're outside the face on the one side of the other
and ten years of piece of crap
because it doesn't go anywhere thanks a lot Maurice
and we're not that drug money by the way
it is so cute
this week
uh... forty eight hours
what is called seemingly normal people to
erratically alter their behavior
will take a closer look at a new language
emerging in america
welcome to my
great
who's made me
we have a nice puggle and it's more you could go with a tight pile copy
i'm about to check baby
can i buy a shag now
i'll get it by a shag later
and this is when the idea to take your hat
and
america under the control of austin powers
up front
on forty eight hours
like a month
groovy baby
so i don't like this is a real celebration ratings party in a vote
uh... party today so jefkoan brings in
like real silverware and real uh... china the whole deal
that's going to be
and jefkoan by the way says be sure to vote no doesn't
it's what he says
fact he's gonna take a whole bunch of illegal aliens down here today
just to make sure they vote three or four times
to counteract the other side
here's a mimey hello
mail yes sir
you know that even though
no one were to write a metro rail
it was still have to run
yeah because the federal government stipulated when they gave them the
matching funds years ago back in the eighties right
that even though it runs at a deficit they shut it down they have to pay the
federal government back all that money that the government
it fact you can uh... back i remember the early days when i used to work
down on a little more on old w's news right you could drive by the run dixie
highway and see the empty trains going back and forth i mean absolutely
empty not just like but nobody on the dollar going back and forth it was a
eerie
yet so no matter what happens they got to run those trains
and he'll use another his panic
human american who voted
you know all right
nice going pal he voted you know he's part of generation
that's what that in that's a generation any a stands for
you
that would build right set no
or yet court he's in the status of the type he's probably out there
trying to hustle up a few years for it's because he wants to suck up to the
money people you know
billed wreck
he's probably been saying it out loud
here's a uh...
mobile in the grove hello
any idea pretty good sir
yeah i went to go up vote today in the grove and in front of the fire station
is out of construction once all the meters are covered up right and i
park right in front of the guy told me to just park there so the cops were
switching you know from one to do it against one
i get a ticket and i go what for what's this for you so you know what a park
here i go on voting is all okay
because i'll just take it to court and uh... i'll tell him that uh... that can't
tear up the ticket
so you know i go here so i'm voting twenty dollars on park right in front of
so he took too long i go with the point my name in the register
yeah i got all this off my you know what it doesn't matter and then also when
i was reading the ballot it says makes it sound like it's all told to say
all expressway
all tools being uh... removed yeah but most people don't you know when they read
that they don't know that it's not the term pike one it's not the rickard
backer causeway one it's not the turnpike one it's not the uh... sawgrash one
it's only those four and those tools are going to come back in a couple of
years anyway
yeah but then it's a lot of the other ones that they're going to build
yet fifteen million miles or something ridiculous amount of large number of
losses and all that it's just it's just the way it's written it's you can
confuse some people you know i'm saying yeah well i know they got to do is keep
one easy thing in mind
yep that's all you know okay nice going to thanks
and don't do that again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighteen t-line rolling fifty five minutes away from the
marlin game boy that's uh... real stinker in that
that is thinker uh... worst thing could ever happen in this town is they stick
a marlin game on a Thursday right here out of nowhere in the middle of the
day time
one of the most disgusting communist inspired events in the history what is
all of us jesus christ
bringing a platter of food at waste forty two pounds yes chicken french
chicken french a yes
thus each with the much more
meatballs and meatballs on in sauce cheese the whole day life's going to get
pizza off is doing it for us we're having a big party to celebrate those
great ratings that came out of the way yesterday all the world
and so now that's why gerry sarna had a big first-by would be cutler downstairs
that's what you have called me
anywhere we're going out got out of the way i'd have paid admission to see
that i've been to the people in the building would have paid admission to see
that uh... yeah you bet
back let's go down and check out the blood stains
do some dna testing
here's my amy hello
hello new yes sir
hi i'm calling basically to say that that i voted no
great i'm a uh... another
cuban american actually i prefer to call myself an american of cuban descent
right
uh... the other thing i wanted to tell you about was uh...
i know it's a little bit late but those cuban roblochers if they wanted to make
themselves uh... themselves useful
yeah they should block the toe booths and maybe they should block the uh...
voting booths for all these old parts are going to go yet
uh... and one last thing i wanted to say uh... that you might want to record the
uses one of your drops
uh... it's an old army thing
shake it more than once you're playing with it
okay
right here
okay there you go five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty
on the eighteen two wireless lines had taken but not to lose
what he said to lose the tracks
fact that was a problem with the early of first metro rail like they build on
the city to lose the tracks
boy great lunch from pizza loft today by the way
heavy duty good stuff
here's a cruel spring hello
yes they'll
yes or uh... one of the things we have to be careful of the lower and brad
we can't be apathetic we need to
uh... courage are they can't watch the vote
because i've looked another area the countries that like with tax hits the
new york city area
all of a sudden that that same tax rate became
the tax rate in that saw it's right now i can't see you know
so these politicians work in contact with each other
so although my army's gonna go go could go with this tax
passes god's hopefully won't
to seven and a half percent all of a sudden we have been brought in not going
to be enjoying the luxury of six percent it's gonna pop up there too over time
could be so we've got to be very careful and we can't be apathetic when we have
businesses and we work with the so-called we need to make sure that they vote
no
all because we can't right now okay good point
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty even those of us who live in
rowered say no no no even though they could for some businesses we don't want to
be too selfish do we
uh... well speak for yourself
i'm not in retail
five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty
on the eighteen t wireless lines twenty two till noon a qa and don't forget
after the ball game the hang angle version
ankle be pounded away on the no guarantee that
won't be no yes he will
and then mad dog man it's a be saying no at six o'clock
for said capitol he's one dimensional
and beat that gator me
he was america's golden boy
the one who could have been
but never was
and really didn't want to
all a Ron

but tragedy
a
it
JMK Jr Staring Will Smith
You would like a...
I'm so upset, wrapped in a cotton pick.
All right, then what happened to a f***ing light?
Hey, we're all Fager Team.
We're your f***ing B.
Will Smith stars as JFK Junior,
you will watch it,
offering into a theater near you.
This is the one with the lights on.
You know, so you can see better.
You're sure?
We gotta go see that?
No.
17th of noon at 5.60 WQA.
And that's the big word for today, baby.
No.
No matter what language you speak.
No!
Here's a call in Kendall.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
We just came back from Voting Neil.
We live in Kendall.
Right.
And there was about eight people in their voting.
Uh-huh.
And as I got out of the car, I said,
no.
No.
People turned around and kept looking at me,
but I didn't care.
Okay.
One more thing.
What does that mean?
No, I mean, I was telling everybody, vote no.
No, but I mean, what does it mean
that they turned around and looked at you?
Well, like I was screaming at you, you know.
What?
Shut up, you know.
But seriously, you know, I didn't hear anybody talking about the busway.
What about that busway, which costs so much money and nobody rides it?
Right.
So that's a big, uh, there you go.
There's our money spent, right?
And now the race and the tax rate, I mean, a penny and a half, okay?
But now, living in Kendall, you take the term pike, okay?
You get on a Kendrae.
You go to Bird Road.
It takes you an hour from anywhere from 7 o'clock in the morning
to 9 o'clock in the morning.
Yeah.
And then you go, if you want to go to Calder or to the stadium,
it'll cost you 175, 375s, okay?
So where are these people coming from that say that, oh, well,
we'll save the toes because they're only taken down four toe goes
and they're not here on the drum bike.
Right.
And it's...
And never will.
First of all, they don't have the authority to do anything with the term.
And Pike, if it's a state highway, the Metro commission can't do anything
about the turnpike.
So what are they talking about?
And how come they're lying about the Rick and Backer Causeway?
That's a dead county highway.
What are they lying about?
That one for them.
Toles not coming down.
Exactly right, you know.
So better get out there and vote and vote no.
No.
And you've done a great job, Naomi.
Thank you for it.
And thank you, sweetheart.
Okay, bye-bye.
Good work.
Okay, there you go, Samorra.
No.
For you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Naomi, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
I wanted to talk about the Miami Herald.
They have the goal to say that we should vote yes when the Miami Herald does...
When you buy a newspaper, unless you buy it at a 7-11 or a Walgreens or retail place,
you don't pay any sales tax.
Right.
And you buy it in a corner or you buy it in the description.
You don't pay any sales tax.
So they have some goal to say, let's raise the sales tax.
It's not going to affect them.
Number one, number two, years ago, when they passed the state past the law that they sell
stocks on services, they thought that it should not include advertising.
I remember that they went to court and they had a whole week in the road.
Right, I sure do.
They thought to have it reversed.
So when you touch them, sales tax is no good.
And we touch everybody else.
That's right.
When they have it paid, it's bad.
When we have to pay, it's good.
Very well said.
I just want to mention that.
Just say to the Herald.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Everybody in this town hates for the Herald, right?
Even the people that work there hate him like boys and a huh.
I don't know.
One person in this town who likes to Herald.
You're not one.
I get it only because I got to read it because I'm doing this so horse ball radio show.
Other than that, I would tell them to get lost in a heartbeat.
Everybody, I mean, if you're that stupid and you live here more than 5 minutes and you believe anything that those grave robbers have to say to you, those virulent anti-Semites, those virulent pandewers, if you believe anything they have to say, then you need serious psychiatric assistance.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Neil.
My birds like the Herald at the bottom of their cage.
There are two others, press way.
I got news for most of the birds.
I know hate the Herald too.
They don't want to anywhere near their cage.
Well, mine, I, mine and I look into the diary when the Herald, they make it.
When I go on birds.
They don't read the English.
Oh, there you go.
Anyway, there are probably we'd L Herald.
There are two cosplays, broad cosplay and Venetian cosplay.
Right, and I forgot about that when I was at construction. Right.
Radio Manbir Report.
If you vote no, you vote in favor of Fidel Castro.
Now you will say, how is that?
Because our dear mayor is Cuban American and any defeat to a Cuban American politician
in the Castro is a vote in the county is a vote in favor of Castro.
Okay, that goes to show you the kind of stupid people and irresponsible people we're dealing
with.
And the Spanish language media in this town, they should be in jail for that.
Well, you know something deep to me is a referendum, not only in the penny, but it's a referendum
in our local politicians.
God bless you, Neil.
And thanks so much.
And by the way, I hear Castro is in favor of it.
I don't want to start playing the same game they're playing over here on Radio Mom B,
but let's fight fire with fire.
Okay, I hear a rumor that Fidel is voting yesterday.
Everybody's going to go shopping in Cuba.
Fidel, that's right.
Fidel wants everybody and their brother to vote yesterday.
So if you like Fidel, you vote yes.
If you hate him like boys and be sure to vote in several times, the Gossama Spauho,
okay, even if you don't know what that means.
Here's the lady mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how are you today?
Great.
I'm calling about, you made a good point about the businesses not relocating down here.
Right.
If I'm not mistaken, didn't night riddle, pull out of Miami and move there.
They're in California and Silicon Valley.
Yeah, today, you know, what difference does it make to them if this passes?
They can sit there and like the guy says, they don't pay taxes on it anyway.
Yeah, if it's so great here and if I, if I, if under their leadership to last the
100 years, things have developed so brilliantly here with their original mentor,
Rio and their hand-picked politicians, how come it's so bad here that they had to pick
up, move to California?
Yep, all their executives are living the high life in a nice place and they don't want
to live down here either.
So, excellent point.
They got the nerve to be given as lectures about businesses relocating here in the
meantime, they pick up and just abandon this town and move to California.
Excellent point.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Have a great day.
Talk about about your hypocrites.
Like the one guy says, sales tax is good if you people have to pay it, if they hear
or they have to pay it on an advertising revenue, then it's bad.
How do you like that?
And it's okay for them to relocate and to abandon this town and move out there to headquarters
for night riddle to California.
But, you know, these other people that are doing this, that's because we don't have
more transportation.
I've read all those articles about why businesses and business people don't want to relocate
here from other parts of town.
It's a sewer, baby.
It's a toilet.
It's got nothing to do with, you know, most of those people have cars.
I hate to break the news to the people of the early.
Most of those people, most of those guys in suits that work for those companies, they
will ride the bus.
I know that comes as a great shock to you people over there at the Harold.
Most of those guys, when they're $500 suits on, when they're $2,000 Goddamn Italian
tailor-made suits, don't ride the frickin' bus.
So you can put a Goddamn bus on every street corner, including one inside Tom Feetler's
record.
And still I can bring those people down here.
Because guess what?
Where are they going to go when they get on the bus?
And very appropriately, by the way, the Pope this morning, I saw him see it and says that
Hill is not a place.
It's a state of being.
It's not an actual place which proves the Pope doesn't remember Miami.
Because I know he's been here, just ask Greg Vudelle.
Here's a Palmetto Bay.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Remember that guy that called yesterday about the Miami Herald if they delivered it on Monday
and when they went and said when he wasn't supposed to get on?
Right.
That's right.
Complimentary copies so you can read our propaganda, right?
Same thing happened to me.
How do you like that?
That's fact, not what a coincidence.
My wife and I and our twenty-one-month-old daughter are getting ready to get in a van and
we're going to vote.
No.
That's right.
Great.
Have a great day.
Make sure your daughter will vote through her three times.
She will.
Okay.
Bye.
Well, she's got an excuse.
She's too young.
She didn't know the difference.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Congratulations to Luann Winnock, by the way.
Our WIOD MVP for the month of June.
Even on the rest of us had these great ratings.
Just keep in mind.
I just can't stand that.
She's the one that's got this great sale department put together.
The one that has fist fights down on the second floor this morning, Lee Cutler and Gary
Sarner.
And some big fat, tub-a-large runner-around over the radio, Amur, looking for another
job.
So, it must be the handwriting on the wall or maybe somebody write it to him.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm Porter Hicken and I hate the arrows.
And I vote and I hate these people that it's going to vote for you.
And Neil.
Are you voting, Deser?
I could have voted no.
Neil.
Yes.
Neil, why do you make the rich, where the private, Ryan binoculars?
What is it?
Why do you make the rich, where the private, Ryan binoculars at the racetrack?
It's going to hunt his neck.
It's going to hunt his neck.
The problem is uniform, pal.
OK.
OK, get in the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I thought what's his name?
It looked already.
He said, no.
What's Ted doing in accent?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wallet.
Oh, here's the famous Woody Graber.
Now we got two ponytails.
Jeff Cohen is sitting here with one in a room and now we got one on the phone.
Ah, I got a long distance to him.
Hey, you eating some of just food?
Yeah.
Good.
In fact, I'm starting to get a little rumble down under already.
Oh, man.
Woo!
Yeah, well, you have reached the offer and you need a good cleansing, you know?
Right.
You'll do it for you.
Yeah.
I'm just getting ready to go to the polls down here.
Yes, Woody.
And voter resounding no as many times as I can.
Great.
You know, this is ridiculous what they're trying to do and we can't put up with it.
Yeah.
Now what about the South Beach crowd or any of them sober enough to go and vote today?
Probably not.
Probably just as well.
Yeah, they probably wouldn't know what they were voting for.
They always say yes.
Yeah, the polls close up at 7 to 9.
That's right.
They always say yes to anything.
Yeah.
Close at 7.
They wouldn't even be awake by that.
Okay.
Nice job, Woody.
All right.
You take care.
Okay.
You too.
Clean up your act.
Okay.
Woody Graber there.
Who's really the one stock?
567.
Oh, five.
He's probably the one that set the fire up there.
567.
Oh, 560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Can you believe we're just getting going out?
We just got lunch in here.
We're just getting into the swing of this thing.
And we got to get out of here in 36 minutes.
First time stupid guy at the baseball game.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
The Marlin game.
Talk.
And you know something I think Hank and I both should be the...
He just got it for the previous month.
But we still should get it simultaneously.
Forgetting big numbers like this in spite of the Marlin games.
In the middle of our daytime schedule.
Somebody asked Hank yesterday, Coleson.
Well, how did you do it compared to the Marlins?
I mean, are you people crazy?
Are you kidding me?
Thanks, Scott.
More people listening in five minutes before even wakes up.
At the beginning of the show there every day.
Then the Marlins who got all year.
The hell you people talking about.
The frickin' Marlins.
The Scrake.
Even Joe and Dave would say that.
I'm sure in probably the books they're also would...
The...
The...
The Geek is gut talk.
Just thinking about the audience that they got.
You could fill in a phone booth.
There are college students that impact more people in a phone booth
than we got listening to the Marlin game.
And we're still kicking ass.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
All right.
Listen, I got introduced to you by a friend and I'm glad I always listen to you.
I'm unable to vote because I'm not a citizen yet.
But my brothers and sisters, they are voting no.
No.
Excellent.
How many got 40 or 50?
40?
I share how many you got a couple.
No, that's just three.
Well, I'm 40.
Well, one better get busy.
They're voting no.
And I already do my part call on my friends to vote no.
No, no, no.
Nice going amigo.
All right.
And have a great day.
You too.
Okay.
Hey, listen, I got news for you.
I got a surprise for the mayor.
All the people are going to come in on a banana boat today.
We're going to give him a green card and a registration card.
Take him right down there immediately to vote.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Come off the einer all the people at aid county.
The white ones, the dark ones, the light ones, the brown ones, in between ones.
You phoney pandering piece of turd.
Even mandates just pissed off about him.
You turd.
Exactly.
Allen box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi honey.
How was your day?
Unbelievable.
Terminal!
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from
Neil Rogers' disease.
I've just canceled the Miami Herald yet.
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, now that's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L-Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neil Rogers' disease
have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue hair don't bagged from femoral pines.
You know, the Yen says, they say,
Oh, Neil, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around, stealing, sweet and low.
I'm not getting anything.
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to what?
I'm incredible.
Neil Rogers' disease of growing South Florida epidemic.
Please, help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means?
Hey, you know what I got?
I'm not.
I'm not!
What's Lephala got?
Three points, nothing?
And your tax deductible contributions today in carer hot 105.
Herman, unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
That's what I said, 1201 at 560 WQM.
Here comes a crystal blockhead, our favorite friend.
There he is.
He's ready for some more nice pre-launch.
I'll tell you one thing.
That's what we went over even to people that hate us like poison
in this building, at least during lunch time.
He's the pre-launch.
560, 705, 60.
Pound 560 on a mobile one line.
It's we're getting for curiously closer to that Marlon game.
Please, please vote early.
Vote off and you got to seven o'clock tonight.
Just say to these allire's, please.
Once in your life, give them a big resounding defeat.
And let them know you're not quite as stupid as they think you are.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Great job.
We voted.
Everybody I talked to is voting no.
No, great.
We've been handing out circulars.
I can barely hear you.
I said we've been handing out circulars for the last two or three nights.
And we only met three people.
And one of them was the Metro bus driver that's going to vote yes.
Uh-huh.
And yesterday in the mail, we received this real slick brochure all in color
from the people that want to pass this tax.
And all along, they've been saying they were going to have 20,000 jobs in 20 years.
Yeah, well, it's now 7,000 or something like that.
No, no, no.
100,000 jobs.
Oh, 100,000.
100,000 jobs.
Now, how did this happen overnight?
It's called desperation.
Right.
The more desperate you are, the more you have to lie.
Right.
And I really hope that the people get out there and vote.
When I voted, I asked if there had been a lot of people voting and they said yes.
Really?
So I...
We can get a big turn out that's all we need to know.
Believe me when I tell you.
That's the only thing you won't even have to count them at that point.
If we can get more than 25, if we can get 30% of all this things
going down in flames.
Right.
And they know that.
And we thank you for all of your health, Sam.
You bet.
Have a great day, Sam.
Good job.
How do you like that?
We want more spy reports, baby.
We could be doing this right up till two.
Hank could be doing it all afternoon and we would, except for some stupid ass ballgame.
I bet you the mayor is a big Marlon fan today.
Oh, yeah.
I bet you he and his cronies down there, including that old Puerto Rican ex-mayor of Miami, Marisa Faray.
I bet you their sucking wind with a god damn Marlon game today.
They're so excited about it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Nea, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
You're doing a great job, man.
Let me tell you this.
I think you're the mayor.
She'll hold up a sign between the borderline of Georgia and Florida holding up a sign that says abandoned all hope, ye who enter.
Yeah.
And you know what?
There's another thing.
I don't know why the mayor is doing this crap.
You know what they should do?
I think we should go into Joe Robbie Stadium or whatever.
I'm going to keep you parked whatever the hell they call it now.
Yeah, go to the stadium.
Yeah, and have a voting there.
Have a voting there.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
And you know, you're doing a great job.
I think what we ought to do is build a boxing ring at the pro penny stadium.
Exactly.
Like Gary Sarner or Lee Cuntler, whoever won the bot down in our sales department, take on the mayor, go 15 rounds.
That's right.
And the hell with everybody in the harrow, baby.
Amen.
That's right.
God bless you.
You too.
All right.
Just say it to the herald.
Know what they said in that bid I just played?
Huh?
Uh-huh.
That's why I played it.
By the way, I can't wait till tomorrow.
I know this has got nothing new with what we're talking about today.
But this, I've mentioned this before.
My, uh, my new doctor.
Well, I mean, I've got several doctors out of my doctor mark to get upset.
But yeah, it's not the wrong way to have like 20 or 30 doctors.
Comes in handy.
So my homo-sistine levels.
If you're a little bit upset that you're a little bit too homo-sistine.
Even an old homo like me, my homo-sistine in three months went from 15 down to 10, which is, uh, they like it to be underrate.
But nevertheless, that's a dramatic drop.
It's great.
Polic acid.
That anti-homo-sistine formula.
Where did I get all this information?
And my cholesterol went down after getting rid of those statin drugs that pravacol.
Thanks to Kilmer and Kelly's book.
The best book, if I could recommend to anybody who's got a weight problem, a diabetes problem,
a cholesterol, a word about cholesterol.
The greatest Dan book in the history of the human race.
The heart revolution by Kilmer and McCully MD.
It's on Harper Collins.
It's a hardcover book.
But believe me.
How much was this?
24 bucks.
The best $24 you'll invest in your life.
In fact, I think this book is going to save my life.
I'm not exaggerating by that.
That's how important this is.
Straighten you out.
Give you some real information as opposed to what the medical establishment and your government give you.
All the history about cholesterol.
Like he says, the only cholesterol it contains, extra oxygen atoms, is harmful to arteries.
The kind you'll find like in spray dried eggs, like cookies and cakes and stuff like that.
Let me just read one sentence from this brilliant book.
He says, it goes on about the low cholesterol diet is filled with highly processed low fat crackers and low fat desserts that actually contain more damaging oxy cholesterol,
which is the only bad kind.
And fewer nutrients than a diet containing fat.
He says, essentially, this is a prime example of why the low fat low cholesterol diet doesn't work in reducing heart disease.
In fact, it increases your chances of getting the disease.
Please buy this book.
The heart revolution by Kilmer McCulley MD.
It is great.
Home-alm-alm-alm level is going down.
How do you like that?
Here's a lady in Hialeah.
Hello.
There you go.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Neil, this is the black voice of Miami.
I spoke to you the other day about no, no, no.
Yes.
I have a good example for you why Miami remains the capital of fraudulent voting.
Yes.
I went to the polls in Hialeah this morning.
They said in the Miami Herald and have a quote that now or from now on, when you go to the polls, you should take your driver's license along with your voter's registration.
When I got there, I gave my husband and I both handed them both pieces of ID.
They didn't even look at the driver's license.
We were the only two in there showing a piece of ID.
Everybody just walked in and just given them the voter's registration card.
I see why they always end up with a situation like that.
Dead people voting and non-existent people voting.
That's why.
That's the way they like it too.
And the Miami Herald has his printed right here.
Laws now require voters to show a photo ID.
It's not happening, Neil.
And don't be surprised if you see the yes, when tomorrow, because of this.
Anybody can walk in and deal with a voter's registration card and just vote and walk out.
Welcome to our foreign countries, sweetheart.
Good luck.
Thanks for the bad news.
Avenous past noon at 560 W. Come.
Did we find out by the way what time we got to be out?
I mean, I don't want to get, I don't really care.
I'm so upset about this whole Marlon business.
It's almost worth it in that varsini.
We're going to make it up.
What do you mean?
We'll go out when we're getting ready.
You know, 1235, 1 o'clock.
Okay.
Yeah, we're staying on, Neil, too.
How do you like that?
Ow!
Just out of protest to this putrid Marlon crap.
I think it's about time this station got its priorities together again, okay?
And I got news for it.
The reason we had these great ratings in this last book that came out yesterday was it because of the Marlins?
No.
No.
It was in spite of the Marlins.
The reason people can actually get paid on this station, sure ain't because of the Marlins.
It's in spite of the Marlins.
And there was millions of dollars that Greg Reed is peeing away into John Henry's pocket.
So we can have his 165 fold yacht up there in Juneau, Alaska.
Well, camera, present.
No.
Well, tack orchestra with a special appearance.
What was that?
What was that?
Uh, this day.
Oh, the auto log doesn't separate them when it's a goofy game.
But I was trying to say, oh, no, no, no.
Oh.
Sorry.
And now we're all screwed up.
I can't believe we just lost control of the show.
We just lost control of the show.
I'm playing the wrong bit because I wanted to play.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
And now a public service announcement.
It is the representative of the IACC, the International Association of Cohen Cowboys.
We ask the citizens across America to donate whatever you can to start an alternative club to the Boy Scouts of America.
But pirates of the Caribbean will give young men an opportunity to experience the fun and camaraderie of exciting outdoor activities such as sailing, camping, and my favorite, weeny roasting.
Give them a chance.
Give what you can.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
12 minutes fast.
No, at 560 WQ, we got that ballgame coming up in just a few minutes now, man.
Get on the edge of your seat and start yelling.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, it'll be good practice both for the Marlins and the election.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I am from South Beach area and then the precincts, they, I go to the middle this morning and they said the whole traffic was pretty good.
Really?
Yeah, they said it was pretty good.
I was surprised.
We worked a few people there and then I thought well it's kind of late hour already and I kind of thought people would be at work.
But you know, one of the times there's something, they had them, they had them, they said I'm on TV on an old file film going back to 19.
I think it was 79 this morning.
Right.
I really wish they'd run this thing a couple of times earlier in the week instead of at 11 o'clock this morning.
And they showed him predicting 202,000 writers from the start and going up from there.
Right.
And reality, they showed the numbers today are 47,000.
Yeah.
And this is after almost 20 years.
Yeah, and this hypocrite comes on and says, oh, there's no doubt about it.
The system is a disaster.
He says it's horrendous.
But I still want the people to vote for another penny tax today so we can correct it.
Oh my god.
It's just, you know, it's ludicrous.
I have to ask you something else.
I live on the beach, I'm always on the guard to cause me.
That little time train that goes over to the mining harrow building and drop off their employees,
you know, at 11 o'clock it's nobody ever on darn thing.
I'd like to know how much they're making for this.
I mean, they're showing the loss of today on TV.
It is just staggering.
It's staggering.
And the tax peers are already paying.
This is what they got to remember.
They are already paying through the nose.
They're tax money to subsidize this disaster.
They're self-described disaster that merits their home and the Maurice-Fuhr and all these other slugs
will be around here for 20 years.
That they peddled to us 20 years ago.
And now they want us to give more money so they can do it again.
It's absolutely amazing.
You don't have to be out of your mind about this thing.
You have to be a masochist.
Well, I think what they're hoping is that the illiterate people who they can,
who they've fallen to pass will come back out again today and get fooled again.
You know what?
It really is a 15% increase.
And I really, I want to thank you for pointing out that, I think yesterday or day before,
that Pinellas is blasting Braiman for being the rich man where you're right.
He holds no candle next to Nicky Arison.
That's right.
And Pinellas is the first time that the Arison make Norman Braiman look like a welfare recipient.
That's the comparison.
That's the truth.
And I'll tell you, the same passes.
I do enjoy going up to La Fala, Syria and I'll make all my purchases and all my entertainment on the weekends in that area
and give you folks and Broward money.
All right.
Thank you.
You're cash to Broward. Thanks, pal.
That's going to be our new slogan.
All of us who wouldn't brag, bring your cash to Broward if this thing passes.
Yeah, Norman Braiman, there's a bad guy, huh?
Just because he's got some money.
Oh, and he sells cars too.
You know, I read one of the stupid letters to the editor this morning.
I had a whole bunch of money issue in the hero.
You know, Pro and Con.
And one of the letters attacking Norman Braiman.
Well, of course, he doesn't want any more metro rail because he sells cars.
And you know, you think that Norman Braiman is going to sell one less car.
If they build 6,000 miles of metro rail, no.
See, I know it comes as a great shock to you, but anybody who lives here who's got a brain
and can afford it, I'm not talking about Corvette and NSX's.
I'm talking about even like a little beat up old Brown Corolla.
Those people have got enough brains to realize you must have a car to survive in this town.
If you're absolutely desperate, you have to use the buses.
Good luck to you.
We wish you all luck in the world.
And you know, maybe you don't do a lot of a slumping around here and there like some of the older people.
But generally speaking, this is not, not ever going to be a mass transit kind of a town.
It's a car town, period.
And as Richard Fieden pointed out yesterday, more than when he called his show,
there are 11 billion dollars plus that they've already got earmarked.
That's going to be spent for new highway construction and renovation of existing highways.
It's already a done deal. That's going to happen regardless.
They don't bother telling you that.
No, they act like, oh gee, if you don't do this,
like this thing in a hero yesterday, if that doesn't convince you,
that desperate future too, this gloom and doom projection that they've made of what's going to happen if you vote no.
The economy declines, the tax-based withers, poverty worsens,
and parts of this once vibrant community take on the look and feel of a third world backwater.
Like I said, they haven't looked out the window much.
They live in their little ivory tower over there. One hero plaza.
And what of the people that they're all done over these last 20 years
and the last 30 and 40 years for the poor bastards living in Overtown
and some of the other run-down parts of the eight county and in lemon city and all those areas?
What have they done? Anything they wouldn't think of?
Oh, no. Just try to sell you a bill of goods over and over again and tell you how great they are.
Just listen to what?
Westchester, hello.
Oh, telltale, that sound is back. How do you like that?
I think it's a county plot and that's because Castro is in favor of this tax.
You hear that? That was from Westchester. That's a Fidel Castro setup call.
And that was a warning that he wants you to vote yes.
So if you like Castro, go out there and vote yes.
If you hate Castro vote no.
And make sure all your friends vote.
No. He likes it and the tax too.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Going once. Long gone.
Here's another mobile in Miami. Hello.
What just happened?
Don't tell me the whole thought is all screwed up now.
Yeah. Yes, sir.
Hello. Can you hear me?
I hear you. Do you hear me?
Yeah. That sounds just like.
I've wanted to call and tell you what a great job you're doing.
Okay.
Also, while I was on hold, I passed two great examples of our tax money spend.
You know the signs, the digital signs over on 95 to get to the Golden Glades.
Yeah.
They've been up there since 1994.
Have you ever seen them work?
No.
Also, I got one.
I'm glad you mentioned that because in most other urban areas, they have all those signs and all the overpasses, you know.
Right.
No information here.
Even our land has them working.
How do you like that is right.
Even a bunch of rednecks like that can get it working.
Yeah.
You also on a side note, Tom Likus ought to be thanking you for his ratings.
Yeah.
Talks about the ratings all the time and religion and seems like whatever you're talking about.
He's talking about it that night.
Yeah, but it doesn't seem to even work in too well.
Have a great day, pal.
All right. You too.
Thanks.
Working well for us.
But like I've said, materials always better the first time around.
At that right, Paul, Castanoma.
Uh-huh.
And by the way, next time we have a major ballot issue in this town, let's have the great political gurus
like Fuddy and Paul Castanoma do the smart thing and that is stick to their juvenile humor.
Okay.
And stop trying to be political cramudgins here.
Don't know the rest from their goddamn elbow.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wonder if Fetchanoma is going to vote today, you know.
Because that was very pathetic with your date with the mayor.
He was fucking up to the mayor, you know, big friends.
Who?
I want to, you know, Fetchanoma.
On 94.
Yeah.
Uh, I wanted to see you know, Fetchanoma, he probably lives in Broward County anyway.
Yeah, exactly.
So what he doesn't care.
He's not going to have to pay the extra penny down here.
So I was very pathetic.
And another thing is that I never voted before.
Yeah.
But after listening to you, hey, I got my registration on hand and I'm going to vote today and that's going to be a huge no-one-to-peel.
I want to tell everybody out there, none of these people, let's send a signal to these people that we're not going to take no crap from this people anymore.
Right.
Okay.
Nice going, Phil.
All right.
Take your vote early and often, man.
Got to seven o'clock tonight.
Get online by seven o'clock.
Because it's about time to tell him.
Five minutes later, hell.
All right.
Look to the cake that's anymore.
Right.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
That's the word, sweetheart.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pop five, 60 on a mobile one line.
We got this got awful ballgame.
I apologize profusely, even though I have no control over it because if I did, we would shot can that game in a heartbeat.
That thing would be history.
Dead meat.
Nothing we can do though because we got to make sure John Henry gets all his publicity, you know, and all his cash.
So we can get a 300 foot yacht and go up there to June over last year.
Do you know what I mean?
This is the story that brought the Palm Beach in the world.
Uncle Ted dude, throw on some boxer shorts, let's cruise our bark and rage with some babes.
Excellent.
Our money.
Women.
And who's there?
Uncle Ted dude, let's use our infinite glass names to impress these babes and do the wild things.
It's a compound.
No way Bill.
That's way dead.
Excellent.
They're rich, they're powerful.
They like to swim naked.
Well, you're gonna be sweet.
Then Ted Kennedy and Bill and Ted's ex-foot adventure are two of the next Chinatoo yacht.
Excellent.
Coming soon to a day you.
Bring it back for excellence.
That cash turnover lives in Lighthouse Point.
Last time I checked that's way up there in Broward County.
I don't know where near the county.
Of course, I live in Broward too.
Yet I take an interest in all the things that go in.
This time I've been here long enough to understand the lives of the DC.
And thanks to Tom in our listening audience who sent me maybe the one of the most important facts
is ever because we know it's easy to forget these things because they slide them by real quickly
and they do it all the time anyway.
It says all the apathetic voters should remember the vote on the new arena, the Eurasian arena.
Up until around 9 or 10 o'clock on at night.
And he's absolutely right.
The arena vote was losing by some five to 10,000 votes and then miraculously all the TV stations said,
oops, we have the numbers reversed and ladies and gentlemen approval was assured, et cetera.
And so how do you like that?
I'll never forget that.
I'm watching all night long and a vote was no.
No, no, no, no.
That was the one where if you were for it, you voted no one, you were against it, you voted yes.
And then the immediate said, oh, well, we were just confused.
We got a backwards.
And an election where the issue was losing all night long, all of a sudden, whoops, let's flop it around.
It's winning.
I think that's the biggest question we got here today.
Not only is what are the actual numbers going to be, but can we really have an honest election in date count without dead people voting,
without people who aren't registered voting, without people voting twice and three and five times,
without having the votes turned around upside down, without having a lot of phony votes coming into last hour to turn it whatever way they want.
I got news for you.
If you trust the politicians in date county, then by all means go out and vote yes.
If you trust them with more of your tax money and you're willing to fork it over to them and trust them to do what they promise to do,
then by all means go out and vote yes.
If you got half a brain, if you got a little tiny one and a brain two, then you got to vote no.
You got to vote no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Because I mean, you know that old thing about fool me once and I'm an asshole, fool me twice and I'm a major one or something like that goes.
How could any person in its right mind possibly get sucked in by these broken promises and lies,
especially when they stand up there, merits their highmen for any of these others and tell you right into your face and the hero as well.
About this white elephant, this enormous boondoggerless flop, this miraculous flop, the metro fail,
that every day of your life, if you live in date county, is costing you money to subsidize the losses.
And they brag about it like, oh well you know, now we got to make it right.
Now if you just give us another 260 or $70 million a year, now we'll make it right.
Right.
We believe that don't we?
No.
No, we don't because you got a brain bigger than a pinball.
And I'm embarrassed and disgraced by people who cast an open footing in these other minor, these little leaguers.
Get on the ear here and allow themselves to be used and manipulated for fun and profit because they haven't got a goddamn brain of their own.
Or don't have the cajon's to take up the take on the establishment here.
You got till seven o'clock baby, you got till seven o'clock, six and a half hours to go out there and make a difference for once in your life.
I mean, the poll there on channel seven last night, 24% said yes, 76% said no.
How can they be that far off?
How can they be that wrong?
And that woman in the precinct in surf side this morning, talking to the bimbo on channel seven, every single one of the people that came in there said no, they voted no.
You got to do it because if you if you just sit back and think it's automatically going to happen, guess what they'll pull the same crap again that they have over and over again.
If it's even close, if it's within breathing distance, they'll find the votes, they'll find the dead people, they'll find the banana boat people, they'll find they'll get what's his name, Bert Hernandez, they'll let him out of jail for a few hours.
They'll have another 30, 50,000 votes, whatever they need before you can say fraud.
So don't forget, whatever you do, just say no.
