Oh!
Sportzee 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh, right.
You talked to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date and grammar or pound 560 on your cell
ball.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother.
In theaters now, from the director of Leaver to Beaver and the producer of The Spy, who
shagged me, it's The Spy, who shagged Beaver.
Who on make you hooney?
Yeah, I know that feeling.
Who on make you hooney baby?
Yeah, who on?
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Who?
Who's a baby?
Joey Shag now or Joey Shag 90?
I've got the breakfast dishes never seen a deal.
The Spy, who shagged me?
I'm the Bieber.
You're wearing some things out of you.
Oh, be.
Hey, when your dad sees this, it's back to the closer wagon for you.
Yeah, baby.
Oh, the worst news I've ever heard in my life.
And especially Donnie B likes him so you know he's an old hack.
You know, Donnie B's not a bad guy, but he's got the worst taste in everything.
Everything.
Fuck Christina Moore was a talent.
And I've been taking leak about 10 minutes ago and there's Donnie B at the urinal.
Thank God there's a divider in there, but nevertheless.
And he says, well, what do you think about Jigs?
I said he's an old hack.
He's terminally boring.
Oh, I grew up with him with the islanders.
Him and Eddie Westfall.
And I went, oh, yeah.
Oh, my God.
How could this be?
Well, it's easy to tell you how it could be.
And that's because the first of all, Bill Torrey has this insetuous relationship with Jigs
going back to his islander days.
And secondly, generally speaking, the Wayne and the Wayne High Pingo organization, even
though Dean Jordan isn't here anymore, they're into old hacks.
That's generally speaking what they've been bringing in with the acceptance of course
of my close best personal friend, Jeff Rimmer.
You know what I'm talking about?
Now, don't you start in with Rimmer, okay?
Who I happen to be taking the dinner tonight at a very expensive restaurant, which I won't
mention until tomorrow, but nevertheless.
Are you going to start in on him again?
George?
Yes, you are.
Oh, so before we get back to Jigs McDonald, here's a mobile and cross-n-cheeds and do the
phone.
Say, it doesn't.
It's a good thing we did a little test there.
I don't want to take calls yet anyway, but it's a good thing.
Too bad you're out.
Whoever called on the mobile.
Jordan reset the phone.
Okay, here we go.
Phone reset time.
Got me to QAN or incompetent.
Beasley sucked.
Reckless the public.
And we got to go through this every day just to try to put a few calls on here.
Okay, before we get back to Jigs McDonald and all these other things, all of these
things.
And even before I get into that, I've got to pre-imp that.
We own apology.
I say we, not me.
And thanks by the way to the caller who at least tried, I wish we would have had more
callers yesterday to alert the people out there.
See, I've told you for a year and a half now that if you listen to this radio station,
unless you're a professional sports nerd and there's some information you want, unless
it's on Nischel and I can get it off the TV set here, I'll see an end or something,
you're not going to find out about it.
They could be poisoning the water at home state and this would be the last place you'd
find out about it.
Driving home yesterday up the return plane, remember we had the call from the one guy?
Did you see it?
No, I didn't.
I don't go that way.
Oh, the traffic was backed up for miles.
There was a wreck.
Somebody had actually gone through the median.
And there's just a mess, a nightmarish mess.
I would say South of Hollywood Boulevard exit.
And the traffic was backed up well beyond Griffin Road coming southbound.
And of course, luckily I'm going northbound and I'm thinking to myself and they've got
it.
The traffic blocked off and they're making them extra in the Hollywood Boulevard.
But why are they letting people on north of there?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Why are they letting people get on here so they can get locked up?
I mean, some of you people out there just must be psychotic at this point.
I've never seen it like that anywhere.
Backed up for miles.
And did we really have anything on it on this radio station?
No.
How about our crack traffic people that we must have some kind of a deal with, even though
they don't work here between 10 and 2.
But you would think that they might have alerted us yesterday.
You traffic people suck.
Okay?
Whatever service we got, which they're all the same in this town because they're all full
of crack and they're all way behind the time.
And every time they tell you there's a wreck, you know, you drive through there and you
say, what wreck?
Because it was cleaned up a half an hour.
That's how far behind they are because they're probably reading it out of a newspaper
somewhere.
But that we apologize profusely on behalf of the ineptitude of this radio station and
our traffic service who are but how they are for not alerting you yesterday to a mess.
I actually felt bad about it.
Do you believe that?
No.
No, I did.
I felt guilty.
I felt the end and was stuck an hour and a half in it.
Yeah.
Sort of very bad.
And we should have been on here repeatedly instead of just that one guy that called, we
should have been repeatedly saying, stay off that southbound turnpike.
If you do anything, just get the hell out of there and don't go anywhere near there.
Did we do that?
No.
No, because, and how come nobody else called except that one guy?
Probably afraid to run their battery down, probably to unplug their cell phones and just,
you know, man, how long was she stuck?
Hour and a half.
Hour and a half in that mess.
How do you like that?
Which meant we only got to see her for five minutes.
And by the way, before I forget her birthday is tomorrow, happy birthday, Shannon.
Well, I'll do it today and again tomorrow, but I might forget.
Although I'm sure you won't allow me to forget.
So here is the worst mother story in the history of the human race.
So George and I had this contest.
It's an ongoing contest.
He insists that his mother is the most relentless bitch of all time.
And I tell him, you're not even in the contest.
You're not even in the running.
So anyway, I told you about the story about my TV set.
And I also want to tell you that the attached, ultra vision, I'm becoming more attached
to it by the minute I've never seen a picture like that in my life.
Now that I have adjusted right.
So the guy that called and told me it's not in the same league with a Sony XPR, you're right.
It's much better.
The picture is unbelievable.
I love it.
I'm squeezing it and they have TV too.
But they did come from a part to repair the Sony XPR, which is still a hell of a good set
and sitting in another room right now.
And so my mother was kind enough to come to my house and TV said while the repairman was coming
since they were coming between noon and four.
All the wood had been a good idea to take off from work because the TV repairman was coming
but it's a little cheesy to do.
Don't you think?
So she's a house sitting.
And then of course since I usually go to my mother's house on Wednesdays lately for lunch,
it was Wednesday yesterday.
I said you can make lunch in my house and we'll eat there and then you can get your ass
out of there.
So I get home yesterday at 232 and she says, oh, Pat Rich just got off the phone.
He just called to see if you're going to the track tonight.
And yes, I was going so I didn't need to call him back.
Now keep that in mind for later in the story.
Now the TV guys already been there.
It turned out it wasn't the picture tube hadn't gone out or any of the whatever the tubes
are.
It was that some things inside the set were had gotten disconnected and it looks fine.
Fixed the thing.
Thank you very much by the way, repairman from Mark.
It was also a big groupie.
So we sit down and we're having lunch and out of nowhere in the middle of all the other
nagging that goes on that I'm used to that never it never ends never stop.
Why don't you fix that door?
Why don't you do that?
You know that that just never stops on that that's that's small stuff.
So in the middle of having lunch, I found a snickers wrapper.
Are you crazy?
What are you eating crap like that for?
Now, first of all, she doesn't know that I ate it.
It could have been John who's got this hysterical psychosis for candy.
Although I think snickers is out of his league.
He's usually into something more exotic like parodena and stuff like that.
But nevertheless, it could have been him that ate it or anybody else that stopped by
the house could have been bunch of other people.
But she's right, I ate it and I'm not going to deny it.
And I said there were since he's fat or fat, I held a lot of fat or nigh am anyway.
I said, you were good one to talk addicted to chocolate number one.
And she's saying that she's sitting there drinking ginger ale with sugar in it.
Remember that comment a couple of weeks ago when I was talking about I like sugar.
Yeah, but I'm diabetic, ma.
Stop force feeding it on me.
She likes sugar and she's giving me a lecture.
So I said, you're not eating all this crap all the time?
Well, but I don't pretend to be on a diet.
I said, who wouldn't I say was in a diet?
Have I said I'm on a diet anytime recently?
No.
I do the ethkins from about two, three hours a day after I wake up.
So anyway, keep that in mind.
Now fat rich had just called only seconds before I came in.
I go to the track last night.
I don't think I'm prepared to tell this.
You're not going to believe this.
Now, she doesn't know fat rich from that cup.
You got sitting over there on a counter.
She just knows him barely whether she's ever spoken in.
I guess before when I've been on vacation, she's been in the house.
He's called in other words over the phone.
She knows him about as much as you know somebody passing in the night.
So he tells me at the track last night that he calls there looking for me to say if you're
not going to show up call me because I'm going to be at the track tonight at center
and so on.
She says, you know, I was rummaging to the garbage and I found a snickers wrapper.
How do you like that?
That's the kind of lunatic I got.
She was rummaging through my garbage and found this snickers wrapper.
What was she hoping to find?
I don't know, but I'm going to tell you one thing.
Next time she's there, I'm going to make sure that there are a lot of other things
that she'll find.
Things that ordinarily wouldn't be in the house, but I'll make sure I can find them
somewhere.
Oh, even better than that.
She was rummaging through my garbage and found a snickers candy bar wrapper and she's telling
this to somebody that she doesn't even really know.
It would be like if somebody called and it was a wrong number.
Oh, by the way, before you go, my son is near Rogers and that was rummaging through
the garbage and I found a snickers candy bar wrapper.
You see what an asshole he is?
And this is also on the day, by the way, that I left her a nice check that I give her
every month and the check for the maintenance fee on the condo that I bought for her and
the car that I bought for her cash that she drives home in.
Left the check there on the counter for her also.
If they just mentioned that in passing, which he did thank me for, you understand, but
she was rummaging through my garbage.
So anyway, is there any contest anymore, George?
I don't think my mom has ever rummaged through the garbage.
Okay, but she does tell me that the stranger is every horrible thing in her garbage.
10 times 10 at 5.60 WQM if you're...
Hey, deal!
Fuck you!
Feeling sexy?
Feeling kinky?
Feeling old?
Been coming to Fredericks and Hollywood?
Florida.
Retirement haven to the elderly.
So you wear a plastic hair bonnet when it's sunny out and a fur coat during the summer?
Big deal!
That doesn't mean you can't done some crotchless panties in a barbed wire broth tonight.
Honey, look at these rubber panties, you'd look great in these.
Now grandma, check out this G-string and see through all their top combination.
What?
Oh, that is nice, dear.
I didn't see myself really getting into that little number.
Can't you?
Bring the husband, bring your family, bring your bed nurse, and come into Fredericks and
Hollywood.
Florida.
Look for one in the retirement community near you.
Oh!
That's 15 to 5.50 WQM.
James McDonald, a joint panties on the radio, and it's amazing to me that for some reason
this story shows up first in the Palm Beach Post.
Brian Biggame, Palm Beach Post-Frider, which I have the first page of it, but nobody
bothered to give me the second page, which is interesting.
But thanks for somebody sending me the first page of copy of over here.
What about the second page of it?
Not that I really need to rest because I know James McDonald like the back of your ass.
Not a bad guy.
He's a good guy like I said he once gave me a plug on his Fox National Tele-Regional.
There were like five people watching, really.
But he still gave me a plug for being a hockey maven here in South Florida and promoting
the Panthers when he was doing a Panther game on Fox.
So I should be very nice to James, but the fact is I don't operate that way.
This is not personal.
This is business.
And the fact is he's an old, funny, dirty, who was chased out throttles after one year.
As I predicted.
James McDonald, a member of the hockey hall of fame, a broadcast three of the islanders,
four standard cup championships in the early 1980s.
Will we name the Florida Panthers radio play by playboys today?
Oh, it says in the, uh, in the Palm Beach post.
For some reason, our other papers here in Dayton, Broward missed this story.
How do you like that?
As usual, they're too busy making stuff up and hyperventilating about, you know, the lawsuits
with this one and that one and radio a bathroom, which ain't even on the area yet.
McDonald, a part-time resident of Hutchinson Island in Martin County replaces Chris Moore,
who resigned last spring to accept an offer from ESPN.
Now, I will say this, we're definitely upgrading.
Of course, they could have brought in a dead monkey and we'd have been upgrading from
Christine and Moore, but nevertheless.
And I know Geldy's upset.
He was in here.
We had a little chat this morning because he wanted the job.
I was pushing him to do it because, you know, that's what they should do.
It's a relatively new team.
They've only been in existence six years.
Instead of bringing in another tired old hack, bringing somebody new, somebody young, somebody
who knows the game, somebody who's got great enthusiasm, somebody who's got a voice that,
you know, maybe bad for talk shows, but still would be good for hockey.
And, do they do it?
No, they bring in this guy because, again, Bill Tories got an incestuous relationship.
Most of the broadcasters that have been hired in the sports teams down here have, like, built
them for.
There's a classic example for it.
Why?
Because Dean Jordan knew him from Back at Penn State.
So they had this incestuous suckoverly and not that Zimper is bad.
He's not a bad guy.
He's got a, yeah, but he's got that staccato like out of a computer and like Hank said
the other day, nobody knows who he is.
If you held a gun, the 50 people had a day land right now and you said, name me the play-by-play-an-answer
for the dolphins.
They couldn't do it.
They'd all go, yeah.
And it's all, yeah, Jim Manditz.
No, he does the color around the games.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, right.
It's not a movie or a two, by the way.
Hank is on vacation again.
Does that do the deal?
Uh-huh.
Today and tomorrow, you think I get a lot of vacation time.
You came back to the few shows and said, that's it.
I'm out of here.
Nice going, Hemp, a Humper.
Hemper.
But, uh, so, you know, they bring this guy in who's an old hack.
60 years old.
Again, is hockey broadcasting with the L.A.
Kings in 1967.
We've gone to the expansion flames in 1972.
And then of course, he was hired by Islanders GM, built Torrey.
And then he went on to, uh, after he got candy there.
I mean, after he, uh, moved out of that spot, he kind of wandered around.
Did some, uh, feeling weakened the stuff for Fox a few games there.
And then he wound up, uh, two years ago in Toronto.
And at the time, I told certain people in the business that he'll never last at all there.
They'll, they'll chase his ass out of town because Toronto, of course,
being a real hockey city where they've had some of the greatest hockey broadcasts
and did they know one year he was gone.
They were carving him an ass and they Toronto papers were unlike here where they suck everybody's ass.
See, that's the problem with his town.
Why can't we have some people who write columns about stuff?
Why can't we have somebody instead of these kids, these children, these stringers who really write,
even if it's scathing stuff, even if they ripped me an ass, whoever it was, something,
as opposed to about maybe once every six months, it'll blink it to a reactor when something major gigantic
that they can't evade and avoid happens.
Every other major market, they've got people that write really insightful stuff about TV
and even about radio.
I hate to break the news to you here, guys.
Even about radio.
Even as weak of a radio market as this is.
But no, nobody here is really a, there's just, really having an opinion one way or the other.
All they do is just, uh, report it and that's it.
Separate Jack ass, of course, who helps me fall on our ass because we hate each other like boys
and he works for the Harold.
So the Panther organization continues to go the old and funny-duty way with people like this.
And it is a step up from Christine and Moron and since most of the games are on television anyway,
not so many people will be listening to Jigsaw, maybe it doesn't make any difference.
And I wish him all the best in the world because he'll need it.
Toronto, they actually, they literally boot his ass out of town.
Is it get this old, funny-duty man out of here?
Bring Joel Bowen back on not just on radio, we want him on TV during the weeknight games.
They said, okay, okay, stop it, a bull crap already, okay?
Just leave us alone. Goodbye, Jigs. Good luck to you.
And now he winds up here.
The rejects.
Like Christine and Moron, reject even a new Jersey.
When you get rejected in New Jersey,
that's the ultimate slap in the face and then they bring him here.
So there you go.
Not that anybody will care about that because just like Donnie V,
nobody here's got any clue about sports casters which I said yesterday.
Why did I even bring that up with Hank the day before?
It was the point.
Nobody here knows anything about these people.
Because these people are in La La Land here.
Now where's that thing about the cigars?
The footy is going to be, the footy will be gloating about this.
Wait till he finds out about this.
The Federal Trade Commission,
as part of this ongoing Goody Tushu's America that you live in,
ask Congress on Wednesday to mandate new health warnings on cigar labels
and advertising to dispel the notion that cigars are a safer alternative to cigarettes.
The FTC issued recommendations with three specific health warning labels
and also urged a ban on television and radio cigar advertising.
So I think footy was right.
If we plan on surviving based on some little mom and pop cigars doors here,
on those $10 spots, we're in big trouble.
Right footy?
You asshole.
Regular cigar smokers are at risk of mouth and throat cancer.
Similar to that of cigarette smokers said FTC chairman Robert Petosky.
There may be people under the misimpression that if they switch to cigars, they're in safe harbors.
How about if we just stop breathing?
You know, the air is loaded with all these pollutants.
How about if we just stop breathing and certainly stop eating
because our food is filled with all kinds of cancer causing agents?
I think we ought to stop allowing advertising for food.
Because most of it is killing us.
Won't that be next?
Let's stop all food advertising.
If they're going to be consistent,
let's rob with advertising cigarettes.
Winsden tastes good like a cigarette like a cancer stick should.
Let's rob with that.
I like the moral role, man.
Little too macho for me, but nevertheless,
that's not that cowboy thing.
What was wrong with him, or a poor man?
That was fun.
I got the big scull and crossbones on air.
Caught you in the surgeon general says you're going to die if you get near this stuff.
But pick your poison.
Stop trying to be goody-to-shoes and stop putting on his phony egg.
Look at all the drugs that the FDA has approved that have killed people.
How about FinFen?
Forget about going back to Thalidomide and all the other ones.
How about FinFen?
Oh, maybe we're in a mistake.
We acted too hastily here.
It happens all the time.
Your government in action.
So now we've got to have, that's right.
They have the power to require labels on its own,
but often instead to refer its recommendation to Congress.
Most of our boxes already include a label required under a settlement of a California court case,
which says the product contains or produces chemicals known to the state of California
to cause cancer and birth defects and other reproductive harm.
But they want more strongly-worded warnings, such as warning regular cigars smoking can cause cancers of the mouth and throat,
even if you've not inhaled.
Why do we have warnings on the food that we eat that they can cause cancer?
Even if we don't inhale, I've never seen any.
No.
Or that can cause fat.
Yeah, cause you to get fat and a heart attack and strokes and diabetes and die a premature death and go...
Oh, I see.
...apquagol your arteries.
Do we have warnings about that?
No.
Let's just have warnings on everything.
Because basically what the government is really saying in their hypocritical way is that we're all a bunch of siblings and we can't make our own choices.
Just like with marijuana, they've determined that it's an evil substance that's certainly a gateway to all these other evil things,
just like drinking a glass of mogan-David wine on Passover will certainly make you a chronic alcoholic and a member of AA for life.
They've decided that.
See, I don't know about you, but I don't want a government that's going to decide everything I put in my mouth.
Oh gee, that was a bad choice of words, wasn't it?
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yeah.
They're going to decide what we're going to eat, what we're going to watch, what we're going to think, what we're going to smoke.
I like a good cigar, okay?
And whether we have a sponsor or not, as we happen to know, a damn good one.
But even if we didn't, I don't give a crap.
I still occasionally like a good cigar, whether my mother likes it or not.
And by the way, my $135.00 is a pompadopark last night.
That's another thing she's giving me a lecture on.
Oh, you don't have to go on the air and tell people how much you lost at the track.
Big gambler, Neil Rogers, I won $35 at pompadopark last night.
Oh!
There you go, ma.
And quit rummaging through my goddamn garbage.
What kind of seriously?
I hate to go back to that again.
I might just dwell on this for four hours.
What kind of a person tells a virtual stranger, much less anybody else, that she was rummaging through my garbage,
and found a snickers bar wrapper.
How do you like that?
Oh!
Wow.
At least your mom can cook.
Yeah, that's true.
Never had an edible meal for you.
You know something, doesn't make any difference.
You're not missing for good food, okay?
Not anymore.
Yeah.
I mean, if cooking is a compensation, cooking a good meal is a compensation for incessant,
nattering, nagging, and doing unacceptable things like scouring through my garbage.
And of course, I can just imagine all these times we've gone on vacation, and she's there babysitting the dogs.
I can imagine there is anything in that house that hasn't had her fine finger on it, in it, around it, through it, underneath it, etc.
Which is great.
I'm going to start leaving all kinds of wild pornography around.
I got some used condoms.
Let's get some of those.
Let's have Elle Gulstein send us every pornographic thing that he ever had possession of his life.
And then he starts to scan.
And she'll probably like it.
Oh, yeah.
Oh!
How now can I come over and watch the dogs again this weekend?
Hmm.
She was going through my garbage.
As long as I live, this is one I'll never forget.
27 after 10 at 5.60 WQM.
So you want to make some big money ahead for Hollywood Seminole Gaming.
You don't have to go all the way to Vegas.
And you certainly don't have to share your money on those lottery tickets because the jackpot keeps getting bigger.
But your chances are still non-existent.
But Hollywood Seminole Gaming's got a lot of winners.
In fact, a lot of six figure winners this year already.
Hollywood Seminole Gaming's got 550 gaming machines paying out the big bucks.
48 round-of-clock poker tables always going strong, featuring all the classic poker games like Omaha Highlow.
Texas Holden, the seven card stud, and there are many weekly poker tournaments.
And daily mini tournaments can also make you a winner.
Four daily tournaments, and this is the same woman by the way that was taken Mondo bread to Wups There's Neighbor,
whose diabetic and has diabetic neuropathy who's losing the feeling in his legs and taking sugar to him.
What kind of baggage will you be checking on today, sir?
Well, I have this case with a fear of abandonment.
I carry on with some paranoia and this double bag stuffed with homosexual tendencies.
Welcome to Abnormal Airways.
Today on our flight we'll be cruising at a nice comfortable altitude of 55 feet.
As due to my extreme fear of heights.
If you look out our right window now, you'll be able to see the right wing searing off treetops as we travel along at our cruising altitude.
To the flight.
The airline who staff and clientele are charcoal of problems.
In case of a water landing, I'll begin to hyperventilate.
At which point a panic attack will set in, and I'll begin grasping dangerously for the neck of a person nearest me at that time.
Seat cushions may be used as a fence mechanism, but I will then probably try to strangle you with a quart of the breathing tube that drops from overhead.
Fly Abnormal Airways.
I met my wife on this flight last week.
Last week, huh?
Yeah, she is dead now though.
And experience the mental skies.
1032-560-WQA, and here's the curl springs. Hello?
Curl springs?
Well, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
I'm sorry about half the vent on the Kennedy's or a raw telepost.
Okay.
Let me just tell you right now, and that's my fault for not saying this.
I have an interesting article where somebody packed me yesterday, but now I have the whole thing by, what's his name?
Rick Stangle from Time Magazine.
I may read it later on, maybe not depending on whether we get any calls today, which we probably won't because there's nobody in town.
But I don't want to hear the K-word today, okay?
I don't want to hear about John Jr. or Senior or Ted.
I don't want to hear it.
I won't tolerate it.
I mean, it was bad enough I thought on Monday that I wanted to poisoning the whole four hours about that, and then I want to begin on Tuesday and again yesterday,
because I'm just so incensed about the fact that these are crazy people in the media, and a lot of you people are just as crazy as they are.
Wrapped up in horse crap in minutia, but I'm not going to listen to that again today.
If that's all you people got to talk about, have a nice day. See you some other day.
Well, I don't want to hear it.
I'd rather hear about Cuba.
I'd rather hear the C word, whichever one you want to talk about, than the K-word today.
Don't want to discuss it.
I've said everything that I could possibly say, and I only want to just multiply it times 10, and then you'll understand how I feel about it.
I'm not going to change my mind.
If you're one of those simpletons out there that's in mourning and looking to find a piece of the ashes in the water, well be my guest.
Go have a good time.
We're not going to change each other's mind.
And like I've said before, there's nothing to me worse than boring the audience and god only knows.
I don't want to mention any names, but in talk radio there's certainly plenty of boredom to go around.
You know what I'm saying?
Including a lot of the colors out there.
The regular is especially the chronics that put you into an immediate coma just thinking about the sound of their voice, much less hearing it.
Oh, this thing with a f***ing disease.
I don't want to hear about it, sir.
I can't... I'm oversaturated if I hear...
If I hear the name one more time, I'm just going to burst.
Here's Virginia Key. Hello.
Hey, good morning, yeah?
Yes, sir.
I've got a couple things.
One, you know, concerning cancer of the mouth, I have to say that it happened in my family.
My father very smirked once a guard if that every couple months, but he always was like, we keep it in his mouth.
The thing that's the problem is if you're not smoking it, take it out of your mouth because if it's making physical contact with the inside of your mouth,
you can get a habit of cancer called squamous cell carcinoma.
Oh, bad news.
Right, and he had squamous cell carcinoma, and he actually survived squamous cell carcinoma.
But a year later, a tumor that went from a grape to a grapefruit in two weeks.
Lovely.
Yeah, and the chemo is nasty, and nobody knows what that's like.
So, you know, it does happen, and if you have any blood there are smokers in the guards, don't leave it in your mouth.
You know, when you're done smoking it's...
That's what I would say.
When you're done with it, get it out of your mouth right away.
And also, I hope you don't jump on me.
I doubt it.
You question yesterday, as to drug use in the White House drink, I can't say the name is time and office.
Yes, he actually was notorious for having back room LSD parties supplied by the same AFB.
That's true.
Yeah.
It's supplied by the same people who were doing the experiments on US Black GI's with it for parties,
and actually, they're quite a few notable...
...cane of our environment as well as notable people from Hollywood that were coming to those parties.
Yes, they were having back in the early parties at the White House.
Well, there you go.
And that's it.
But don't mention that the f***ing who it was.
That's right.
I don't want to burst these people's bubbles.
Have a great day, pal.
That's it.
And keep that thing out of your mouth.
Yeah, it says they want to put a warning on regular cigar smoking can cause cancers of the mouth
and throat even if you don't inhale.
Warning, inhaling cigar smoking causes lung cancer, the more deeply you would inhale the gray.
First of all, I don't know anybody who inhaled cigars, do you?
Have you ever...
I've never inhaled a cigar in my life.
I smoke few packs of cigarettes a day when I was in college and then gave it up because they used to tear up my throat.
But inhaling cigars, to me, it's just ludicrous on the face of it.
And also, they want to put on warning cigars are not a safe alternative to cigarettes.
Norman Sharp, president of the cigar Association of America, says cigar smokers tend to be well-educated, well-informed individuals.
Sharp cited surveys referred to in the report showing that the vast majority of cigar smokers smoke only occasionally.
And by the way, don't inhale.
They don't inhale.
And they smoke only occasionally.
And you can get cancer from some of the foods you eat, from the water that you drink, from the polluted air that we're breathing, from a zillion different things.
But we're living in an increasingly repressive country where they more and more want to take all of your choices away and make everything against the law.
That's the worst part.
Make everything illegal.
You can't advertise it.
You can't talk about it.
And then eventually, that's pretty soon in the couple of days, oh, you can't buy them anymore.
So maybe on a black market.
How about cars?
Do we put warning labels on the windshield?
We put it right on the goddamn my ass end of the car.
It says, don't get too close to the ass end because if carbon dioxide will get to you every time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hey, hey, don't.
Okay, sir.
To respond to what you're saying about the advertising for scars, I don't understand the democracy of the government because this is one thing that really frosting me quite a bit.
The scars are legal as our cigarettes.
I don't understand how many people have been through some life in advertising illegal products.
Are you exactly?
That's right.
If you don't want them, then pass the law, which I don't agree with.
I mean, I'm opposed, I don't smoke and I don't like being around people who smoke.
No, but I know what you're saying and you're absolutely correct.
If they're that evil, then how come the government not only subsidized the tobacco growers for years but has made no interest evidently and making them illegal?
Well, first of all, they know if they're ever going to work number one.
They've created tremendous black market number two.
And what about the taxes they collect?
And number three, the billions of dollars in taxes they collect.
It's unbelievable.
I don't understand who sits there and makes these decisions.
A bunch of bureaucrats who have to make it look like they're doing something to protect the public.
The ignorant public.
Right, but we shouldn't tackle that.
It's a whole other issue.
The government is always right and whatever they do is right.
That's right. That's right. They're always looking out for our best interest, right?
Anybody believe that?
Absolutely insane.
And have a great day.
Put that thing away.
By the way, here's Woody Graber who's still living in a time warp, still living back in Woodstock from 69.
Still looks every part of that silly tie on, you know, just, oh,
fatter than ever by the way.
You're ballooning up like a jug like beef hole.
You and beef all ought to get together.
We're adding we could have the beef hole and after pictures.
Fine, look at this fall, man.
Dead is a door nail five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Gonna be a heavy duty music day today.
I can see I can sit back and relax before my visit to my brand new doctor this afternoon.
It was going to probably take two or three points of blood.
Yeah, I found a real doctor by the way.
And also did we ever get a response to that message I left on the other doctor?
Yeah, I think we get a response to that.
No, that's okay.
See, that's why I needed to go out and find a real doctor who's got like a real office and a real secretary.
And they really answer the phone and you know little things like that.
Floridians dumb as dirt.
Hello, I'm Roger Sange, the mystery garden and today we'll discover the mystery about tomato.
Nothing in sight to be more than walking through my vegetable garden and seeing the fruits of my labor come the maturity.
This the beloved tomato.
Look at this farm round jewel.
Look at the texture of the meat.
It's sweet succulent soft skin.
It's plump red.
Choose the inside.
Oh God.
Oh, well, excuse me, I'm going to take this copy of tomato monthly into the privacy of my dad's in quarters and finish up.
This is Roger Strange for the mystery garden.
Court, court.
1024 and 560 W.F.
You have to lay away.
What he glavers in here is I mentioned I just handed him one of these Prado more square the great new cigar from Nixon.
The course we can't let him up in here because we don't want to get the power to be very upset because they're in this non-smoking building environment,
which is totally unacceptable to us.
It's a pile of crap.
I have one in my hand right now too.
I'm not going to lie to them up in here, but I just have it in my hand is kind of a silent protest.
To more of this bureaucratic course crap everybody trying to tell us what to do.
Everything is bad for us.
Don't promote it.
Don't advertise it.
Well, if you're going to let people in be in business, how can you tell them they can't promote their product?
You can't have it both ways.
And by the way, how can of course I know they took heavy booze advertising off TV.
But what about beer?
We got plenty of sloppy drunks out there who never drank any hard alcohol, but who get sloppy drinker,
three and four six packs.
In fact, there's some guys I know get sloppy as hell drinking two beers.
Some silly people.
We're going to make that illegal.
No.
No, because then all the sports leagues would go out of business.
You're just a bunch of hypocritical goody-two shoes.
And by the way, isn't this interesting coming from a government where the president loves that good cigar?
Okay. What he does with his business.
You know what I'm saying?
When Monica Lillers, you want to make big sec.
She goes down and gets a lift.
And she might do that too when you come right down to it.
We got a president who loves a good big fat round one.
Okay. And a nice cigar every now and then too.
And we got the FCC telling us, oh, we got to put these warning labels on there.
We want to ban cigar advertise.
It's not a safe alternative to cigarette smoking.
Maybe we're not looking for a safe alternative.
It was okay for George Burns.
He made it till about 150 years old and Weinstein Churchill.
And like I said the other day, I saw that picture last weekend of one of the tabloids.
Here's the oldest living person in North America.
She's 122 years old.
And she had the photograph.
She's got a bag of burning in her hand in the cigarette too.
How do you like that?
122 years old.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
The assistant you went on vacation.
Now one word has been on the radio on television about those police that were flipping those girls out.
Yeah.
Of course not because they buried the story.
It's very nicely covered up.
And we hear all this crap about the last even on our local channels.
That was a very major local scandal story.
And like I said at the time, somebody's getting paid off somewhere and they covered it up and you'll never hear another word about it.
And then the two sons from higher-lea, those guys, they're probably going around intimidating potential witnesses.
So that story's been buried.
Oh, I'm great.
And by the way, a week from today is the Penny Sales Tag Election.
Just say, okay.
That's what I was just preparing about the DCD as that they're putting out on that.
Yeah, I've seen that.
Of course.
Now you know what?
I don't live in Dade, and I'm proud.
I'm in Broward.
But it was able to close the booth, all the booths and fire all the telecom actors on the 29th, if it passed.
And it would pass.
But that's the booth you're going to be there for years after that any taxes on.
There's no way to get away with those toll booths.
Okay.
They can't.
Have a great life, sir.
Here's another fact from somebody Tim who says he's opposed to the Penny Sales Tags and so on.
That's right.
I'm doing a hell of a pubic service because a week from today, seven days you got to get your brains together.
Okay.
And to get everybody you know who's registered in Voting Dade County out next Thursday to say to Mayor penis and his brother trying to perpetrate again on the public with all the lies.
And with the help by the way of most of the whips in the media in this town.
You are disgrace.
You're at a disgrace.
Putting these ads on TV showing the worst traffic jams.
I know it's the third most congested place in America.
And then of course doing that thing with increasing the tolls just at a time with very little.
Oh, advanced warning to make people frustrated and psychotic.
That's your government at work.
Creating as much psychosis for you as they possibly can as much hassle to get you frustrated so that you'll say, okay, whatever you want.
Like that one guy said that they showed on the news.
Okay, one percent, two percent, whatever you want.
Just get rid of these tolls.
And as I said at the time as somebody who uses the turnpike virtually every day of my life.
There are no long lines.
There's no major hassle.
There's no big song and a dance.
Life goes on.
It's not the end of the world.
And the people who use it are the ones who should and are paying for it.
Not all the taxpayers who don't even use those roads.
What about the people who live in North Day, for example?
Who have nothing, who never even encounter those toll booths.
Or maybe like maybe once or twice a year for the 50 cents or a dollar that I might save them.
What about those people?
So those people have to pay an increased sales tax?
No.
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time listeners.
It has since data.
The first time caller you're the only thing on radio worth listening to in this town.
You wouldn't say that again, man.
Two things.
I'm driving around downtown.
I'm enjoying a fan-lulley raid that was made in that country to begin with.
All right.
Nobody's going to make me stop smoking it.
I don't chew on it when I'm not smoking it.
I'm not going to get mouth cancer.
And ever since Stan King shot Harvey Milk, we've had the Twinkie defense and we've had Richie's
Amor.
And we've had the safety Nazis as the motoring press likes to call them and want to protect us from ourselves.
Yeah.
I don't know that you've ever referred to them as the safety Nazis, but here they go.
They ride again.
The pleasure police.
Absolutely.
I get that's what's the guard day.
Right.
That's right.
That other station.
But I just want to tell you, you're the standard bearer.
You're the voice of reason, the voice of sanity.
Don't ever let them shut you up.
Okay.
Shameless request.
Yes, sir.
You don't got rocked you.
You got it.
All right.
Thanks.
See you.
Bye.
That's right.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Have you ever met anybody like that?
No.
Maybe there are some of them out there somewhere.
In fact, you know, the people in show business
that always had a cigar in their hand,
you notice they were never lit.
They were like a prop.
Like George Burns.
I mean, always had a cigar, but they were never lit.
Because they were talking anyway.
And as you know, if you are cigar smoker,
when you're talking and trying to keep a cigar,
no matter how good the cigar is,
it ain't going to stay lit forever.
Okay.
It's going to go out.
Unless you're puffing on it and the soggy too.
Just astonishing how wonderful this government is,
how full of crap, how hypocritical,
don't do as we do, do as we say.
In fact, maybe they can just sell them as dildos now.
Although they might cause vaginal cancer
if you leave it in there too long.
Or maybe even rectal cancer,
all depending on where the president is sticking it.
Not if you leave them in the wrapper.
Yeah, but Luther gets pissed off
if you leave it in him too long.
Here's a mobile in the keys.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time listener from your old camp today.
I could have said the hammer gets upset,
but they might have thought it was the wrong hand.
Yes.
Yeah, nothing on the radio over there still.
You were talking about the cigars and stuff,
and I was thinking, however, in clear water now,
we've got the swim suit police
that are running over.
They've got a very strict definition of how much cleavage
or rear end is supposed to show.
Nobody's being robbed or murdered or killed
in anything in clear water.
They're so little crime now.
They're running out.
Hey, listen to Hollywood here for years.
We've had the T-shirt police.
If you were in a T-shirt out there that Mayor Galani
gets pissed off about,
they're going to throw your ass in jail for that too.
Like the beach.
Oh my God, straight to jail.
We don't want to offend any old farts.
Oh!
Unbelievable.
Hey, I have a shameless request for you.
Yes, sir.
Would you play the bagpipe or guy,
the Scottish guy talking to the kid about the bagpipe?
Well, I think about it.
Thanks, Neil.
Great day, sir.
Bye.
Okay.
567.
Look at this phone, man.
I've said it's cleared out.
You should've seen our crowded Pompo Park last night.
Me and Rich had about 10 other of our best close personal friends.
That was pretty much it.
567-0560,
£560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile-informed lottery deal.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Just wondering,
you remember Merrick's stairhym back in the 70s,
talking to China about a sales tax for Metro Rail?
Sure, that's what I just got through saying, yes.
What the hell overhappen to that money?
What do you mean whatever happened to it?
They wasted a billion dollars of money.
They built a piece of crap that you got now that nobody rides.
And now he was on sale.
And they didn't give you all the buses that they lied about then,
that they were supposed to give us.
These buses that they're promising now,
they were supposed to come with a first billion dollar boom doggo.
It's just amazing.
And he was on Channel 10 this morning,
and I can't believe Channel 10 put him on there to propose and advertise for that
once percent sales tax like.
Yeah.
Some days now they're going to give Rich your treatment equal time to go on there
and talk about it,
because I know Channel 10 is editorializing against it.
They're doing it against it.
Let me say it again.
They've run an editorial opposed to the penny sales tax, yes.
Excellent. That's a wonderful thing.
But I'm certainly hoping that if they're given shields like merits,
deerheim opportunity, go on here.
And you notice now I'm hearing that they're on Zeta,
they're on with this one.
Of course, they won't come on this.
They won't even ask to come on this station,
because we wouldn't be laughing out of the guy they're building,
and they know that they'd give one hell of a time on this show.
It's just amazing.
Thank you.
Have a good day, pal.
Just remember, sir.
No.
Two easy letters.
And...
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
One week from today, they've lied to you and lied to you and conned you
and tried every way in the world to try to frustrate you and aggravate you,
and then it turned around and say,
oh, well, if you don't want this,
and then that bull crap about the guy damn,
the expressway authority,
whatever they call it, the MDX, the MDX,
whatever they call it, that thing.
Thanks, Woody.
Have a great day.
Enjoy that cigar.
Gabe Woody and I cigar.
He's going to light it up,
or as soon as he gets outside,
he's going to light that thing up and start a bonfire with it.
Don't get that ponytail on fire, by the way.
Yeah, that's right.
Let's ban cigars.
Let's ban spaghetti.
Let's ban sugar.
Let's ban everything.
Siggurets, alcohol, booze.
Let's ban bread in the air.
Let's ban cars.
Cars kill people, okay?
Now, guns are okay.
Guns are fine.
There's the warning label on guns.
That's right.
And the same kids can go out and buy a gun.
They can't buy a pack of cigarettes.
Just stop and think about that.
You want to know why?
Because cigarettes kill people.
They're dangerous.
Ever see anybody point a lit cigarette?
Anybody else?
No.
Stick them up, baby.
I got a chest or field here, man.
Oh, speak of that.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Shack!
Oh, drag.
I'm in full of gay romance.
Where gay sandals and they wear tight pants?
And every one drench up to bottom every day.
West with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big, big pleasure and a big, big way.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big, big pleasure and a big, big way.
Oh, drag.
That's right, baby.
Find the big, big, big, big, big, big, big way.
You choice of the fact of America.
You know something, I better play that now while I still can
because if they find out we're playing something even though it's a parody
promoting cigarettes or any kind of a tobacco product,
they'll probably come in here and shut the guy down and place down.
You live in a police state.
I've been telling you that for years and people,
they all end the deal.
He's such a character.
Ha ha ha ha.
He said it.
Yeah, police state.
10.56 at 5.60 WQM.
If you want a great cigar and you don't give a crap about the FTC
or the FCC or the SEOUC or whatever it is,
CK, then go to Nix, all right,
because Nix makes you fantastic cigars.
And if you don't overdo it, you probably won't get some big jug
in a clump or tumor in your throat or on your tongue or on your lips or whatever.
It's about about what my mother says.
Who's digging through the waist back and looking for cigar stubs, no doubt.
I got a stub for you, okay?
You make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it.
You make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it.
Because the Havis there need to make it.
You should have there need to make it, you make it, you make it.
You make it, you make it, you make it.
You make it, you make it, you make it.
You make it, you make it, you make it.
You make it, you make it, you make it.
You make it, you make it.
You make it, you make it.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I say, I deny.
I am a real type of guy.
Rastas me.
Rastas you.
Rastas me.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
I might go check shows.
And I write a motorbike.
Chicken soup with tomato.
I need a lot.
That's what I like.
I have your vacation.
Crazzy, spicy, spicy, spicy.
Blankin' and gifilter fish.
That's much more my taste.
Rastas me.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Oi.
Oi.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Who got hell of you?
Oi.
Rastas me.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas I.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
Rastas you.
You know, I just, I'm so sorry you just told me that.
I'm channel surfing here during that thing and I had seen it and I'm there and they're still on the
Business and George is all the networks are on a two
I mean, it's 11 o'clock in the morning the morning TV shows are long since over with them. I write
And they're still
fleeting moment earlier this morning
I mean
You know, I'm gonna have to fight hard to resist the temptation to get started again
How many days how many weeks how many months does this go on?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got 6,000 open lines here waiting on you
Here's for it later. Dale. Hello
Deal. Yes, sir. You were telling that icon, you know
God was that pathetic or what was that pathetic? Uh-huh
5 6 7 0 5 and you know how long he waited for that
That was and plus it didn't even make it on the air not because it was a portographic. It was just stupid
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's the mobile in the mine. Hello
I'm Neil. I just like to thank you and George for putting me on to the most logically
and and and lightning book I've ever read
Fairwellly God. Yeah, well, they don't like it at the sunset and I'll tell you that the religion editor here. Don't like it
The thing is about Galileo remember that yeah, that is that it can
91 they finally admitted that
The earth revolves around the sun rather than the sun revolve around the air. Yeah, we know found we know that very book. Okay
Okay, one more call now we can uh, maybe that is that it here's Miami. Hello
Miami
36 seconds they waited and that was our last call they they didn't talk okay. Play some music, all right
Yeah, I'm not gonna fight this. I mean, I realized there's nobody here with a brain and with my q-large
than the thumbnail but we're out of business
Get them off. Okay, you play you've got the nerve. Oh, I forgot. Sorry forget about that mirror America worst experience I had
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I guess I am gonna read that thing that article by that
KC stangle guy from Time Magazine. I guess I will
Because these people don't want to talk about anything else and maybe they don't want to talk about that either
I just can't imagine my spending the whole week on this thing when I'm sitting here screaming about the overkill on it
Pardon that expression
I'm gonna have to spend the whole week because you people are uh got locked y'all and don't have anything else you want to talk about
And it's big on a cigar Dave by the way if this thing goes through he's gonna be out of business
I just mentioned that in passing of course my good close personal friend Dave
Zeppelitz remember what they said down in next about cigar Dave. He's an asshole. That's what they said
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello
Mobile in North Miami
Hi Neil how you doing okay sir?
Uh, I just want to tell you I was listening that last night for the night before to fill Henry
I've listened to him on the computer. Yeah about three times a week. Are you sure? Yeah
Absolutely, yeah
And uh, whatever anybody said about anybody being better than him there was never going to be anyone better than him except yourself
Maybe and you're just a different style
He had the funniest thing he had a guy on who had who sounded very similar to somebody that used to come on his show here
He was a naval retired guy and he was tried to describe that if they found the Kennedy body
Part of it should be buried with John part of it should be buried with his new wife
Uh-huh, and he was saying like an arm here and a leg there. Yeah, and it's amazing the people of Kansas didn't quite understand
And they were calling up concern. I bet you they're quite sarcotic about that. Oh
How can you do and it's kind of ironic because this whole thing is costing the taxpayers an arm and a leg anyway
Yeah, and I mean it was really distressing to some of these people because they could understand how you can
And if they only found 20% of the body could you put 10% here in like 10% there right and it was absolutely
standard fill and
It's a pity they can't put them on a 10 o'clock here
Instead of me listening on the computer half. Yeah, well
Well, what do you want to hear the great Phil Henry when you hear some silly gambling show for a GA members, you know
Have a great day pal you too
So I'm gonna say how to fill he's great
Yeah, the guy that called about Jim Phillips is better than a Phil Henry
And dignified that come out with a response anymore. That's how ludicrous that was right on the face of it
By the way, what kind of an operation? Not only don't we know about the traffic, but we have to get the information about jigsman
Donald was hired by the panthers. This is your panther flagship station, okay
This is supposed to be the big song and dance
Sports station that we're paying all that money for all those broadcast rights
And we have to find out from the Palm Beach post that the panthers of hired jigsman
Donald will be the radio play by play guy which we're gonna carry the games. Does that tell you all you need to know? Yes
We're coolest man and we're proud of it
Want to buy some spots no on the marlin games no
The media is sick and they talk badly
Hey there. This is Wisconsin Al for trapping beaver
You know, I just got back from seeing nodding hill now. What is a deal with that Julia Roberts lips?
Does she have two bottom lips on that face of hers?
Anyways today we want to talk about the Y2K problem and what to do with that beaver
You may have trapped during that time you may discover that there is no power after December 31st now
There's two things you can do you can build a wood fire in your backyard and that may be possible
But you do need to expect to be eating some raw beaver during that time
And speaking from experience raw beaver is pretty good right Eddie and you can learn more about this from getting my new book
Eating beaver raw
Hey Eddie that's not the beaver I was talking about
This is Wisconsin Al for trapping beaver. See you again
1115 at 560 wqm on a coma inducing day here in the big city
Here's our last call. It's a mobile and four-letter. Hello
You yes, sir. Yeah, that's you know respect to the security officer that was shot in the Metcareo
And I'd just say I hope to catch that scumbag was shouting
Yeah
Yep, that takes it. Okay, that takes care of our calls for the day
Thank you. It's been nice being with you. I guess I am going to read this thing by a rich dangle from time magazines since you people have got nothing to say
And since I guess I can talk about this again today because there's nothing else than anybody who's got any interest in
Boy talk about a bunch of deadheads
Rick's dangle who's an MSNBC contributor by the way
Boy says let the myth rest in peace getting over our obsession with the Kennedy saga. This is from the internet from yesterday
Says John Kennedy he didn't use the middle initial or the junior nor should we was a smart ride charmingly self-deprecating man
We're one of the most famous last names in the world. He's died much too early
But please let us not turn his death into something his life was not
Let us not turn it into the orgy of sentiment and commerce of mindless mythologizing and cheap emotionalism that we saw with Princess Diana
Let us not make its funeral in the summer grand but Erzot state occasion presided over by solemn anchors looking for the right words
But I suppose that's impossible television the only hearth we all gather around in moments of national
Import will make milk his death for all its worth
It'll become a signature television event wherever you when you heard yada yada yada
The anchors of the evening news and the morning shows are already sitting in their directors chairs in high-annas
Port they've already asked the excruciatingly indelicate questions that pass for journalism and ask them of people
Who are all too eager to answer and talk about what they hardly know or suspect the carry on birds have landed
The problem is we secretly like tragedy the Greeks understood this insoded Shakespeare
Watching a tragedy unfold is cathartic for the viewers
Especially since we can go home safe and sound afterwards and if that tragic figure is already famous
Well, that is the most media combustible combination
Television in the tabloid press have made us a nation of voyirs
And there's something profoundly and disturbingly absorbing about the funerals of the famous just try to stop people from watching
The relentless focus on John Kennedy's death shows our nation in its least flattering aspect
Note how the networks never omit the middle initial or the final junior
The attention paid to the Kennedy family reveals once again our vestigial longing for a royal family
That feeling is as old as the republic many of the framers wanted to call the president of the United States
His highness or his excellency
Fortunately, we opted for more democratic title of mr. President
But we create royalty where it did not exist before we see it in our current presidential race with the two early front runners
Are both see a ski out what is that word of early political vines these George W. Bush is the son of one president
Al Gore who holds the job that was considered heir apparent by the founders is the son of a distinguished senator
The whole point of America was to rid ourselves of aristocratic privilege and here it is sneaking back due under the guise of democracy
And it's our own apathy and this engagement. That's the blame our addiction to the Kennedy family is both
Undemocratic and in infantilizing
How many times have we already read about the curse or myth of the Kennedys the curse is the part in part the result of a bunch of young men
Who have a predilection for doing some very dumb things like skiing backwards or flying after dark on a hazy night without being an experience enough pilot
The Greek analogies of Icarus whose hubris caused them to fly too close to the sun and melt his wings
The ancient Greeks understood that a curse was not something outside of us, but something we do to ourselves
The myth of the Kennedys is one that we create ourselves and we can constantly ended simply but not believing in it
Let us do so now Kamala was opposed assassination public relations invention of Jackie Kennedy and Teddy white
Democracy do not have crown princes
Let his family quietly bury a graceful young man. Let us bury our absorption with this family
It's a sign of our adolescence as a nation that we turn our leaders into celebrities
And they look worse for some cosmic meaning in the death of a young man who was still trying to find himself
The myth is not healthy for us as a nation
Nor for all those Kennedy boys who believe in it and then mod up themselves in their desperation to live up to it
Our obsession with this kind of thing is speaks to a lack in our own lives
It's a desperately sad event for those closest to him
But let us not turn it into the many of the grieving that we saw in England over Diana
That's suggested a nation of people whose lives only had meaning when linked however
Distantly to some symbolic figure
When your life is too small you look for something grand to attach it to
Let's just make our lives a little larger instead
John Kennedy was ironic about the celebrity culture he was born and do
He was partly amused by it partly appalled by it
And he was just learning converted to his own advantage
I think he would have been alarmed by the media tempest
John Kennedy had dignity in life. Let us not take it from him in death. Let him rest in peace.
Amen
Senior editor at time and a regular contributed to MSNBC on the internet
Thank you rich dangle and on off a lot of those words sounded very familiar
But I've been saying the last three days and taking a lot of crap for saying it
Because it happens to be true. Grow to hell up. Okay. It's stop running around bragging that you have no life
And you have to live some vicarious existence to somebody else who was famous
God nice going Rick and thanks to whoever fact me that again
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you? Okay, sir?
Hope you don't mind me switching gears here on you
Switching gears on what we have no calls here today. I mean any gear you go on to is okay with me. Okay. I was just
I just left my house and I was watching CBN
This morning they I don't know if you ever watched that like the 700 Club. How they yeah
Try to they try to disguise CBN to make it look like a real news program like like CNN or statewide. Yeah, the news to Christian
Right, they don't they don't they don't they they kind of hide it so that it looks like a real news program
You don't even realize that you're watching a Christian broadcasting news network until you know five minutes into it or whatever if you just flipping around
That's just one point on it. The second thing was this morning they had it
like a 15 20 minute piece on homosexuality
And I was just what a surprise. Oh, yeah, they
They rebroadcast it is very interesting is they rebroadcast it out of think at 11 o'clock the same one tonight if you're interested
No, I don't think so I think I'll pass but anyway, we're just talking about how
Um, they just had a bunch of people on there who converted who were homosexuals and they were saying that it's like
It's like alcoholism that it you can change if you wish it was just pretty hilarious
It's like you might get a kick out of it. They were they gave a walk out in the CBN now for
Well, they better hope that we all don't convert because if we do they won't have any they won't have any subjects matter
We know skit goats anymore, so they better hope it doesn't happen. That's all I got yeah, okay, I'm right there
Okay, one call left in the board. I guess there are gonna be no calls today
I guess so you know I could go back into that john Henry thing too, but my waste my time when it's obvious to nobody cares
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line here's pompato beach hello
Yes, sir
I just wanted to cut a show of a few months of back john
Stachel show on
You talking about the government. They're gonna put a tax on hamburgers are joined
They'd like to some politicians would like to put tax on hamburger joints and
the thing on
2020 and john stopper
And that's I got pretty upset about that and they had like three or four things. I know the thing I had on was
You not allowed a smoke in a bar anymore and these guys all these in our telepornier some play I can't remember where it was
And these guys are going broke because once they go to go out and have a drink
They can't have a smoke with it right
Well the government just keeps telling us what to do. Maybe Ross burrow the right
Thing the number one gross and it's broken history in this country is the federal government
Mm-hmm, and I gotta go back and clean pool. So I'll talk to you later. Okay. I have a great day Ross. Pro's an asshole. Okay, sir
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 we got to roll up our slaves and do do do that stop those old studies
Just take them out that's them off. They're all up there somewhere
Just roll up your slaves and do do do look under the hood if the engine ain't working just look under the hood and fix it
Here was a man that talked more crap. I mean it's just I'm inconceivable to me that anybody could come on and just talk
Non-stop littering generalities, which is why even a wooden statue like Al Gore
Decimated them when they had that debate remember that just made a monkey out of him a full out of him
Even Larry King even that ass sucking Larry who made Ross Perot into the whatever the hell it was that he became by putting them on here 50 million times
Even he was astonished
Even he had to put his lip away for about two seconds
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you buddy? Okay?
I'm gonna change place a little bit with you
Fish food. Yeah, still on the diet or you eating it again. I'm not eating any ice cream now sir
No more you know the story behind fish and fish food. Yes, uh-huh. I'm a leader with the band. Yes
Fan of them or no? I beg your pardon. No, I'm a fan. No, not at all. Uh-huh. Okay
I'll try to keep it alive for you Neil. Sorry. Okay. Have a great day. Oh
Oh
The pain is so great and it's only 11 25
I think I need to go see that doctor right now like tell him it's an emergency
I
Mean I know it's boring and somebody that's why I think when I'm vacation again like it was just a few days after it came back from his last one
Jim Mandice today or two
Maybe Joe Constell would like to do auto talk from an adult to a clock
Come on come on in here and take over outside over in the corner there going little like that. I'll stick my thumb in my
well
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
It's your great to be in South Florida some time in it
You
See I realized I never thought about it before until I went to the track last night and the people that were moaning and groaning that there wasn't going to be anybody there that because as a starting
This just these last few days this month from like the middle of July until like uh, well I'm up in a half to the end of August
This is the most deadly of them all in South Florida. They're all pretty deadly, but this is the all-time worst
And so as a result that must be just a coincidence
That's why the
The mayor decided July 29 on a Thursday when we never have elections anyone a Thursday
Be a really great. They just need get an election there
But he can get all his people down there and try to put over those penny sales tax anybody think so yeah, I think it might have been
Like I said Jim Mandice you too
We got the talking baseball with Donnie B who wouldn't know a hockey announcer if he stuck his finger deep inside of his rectum
And then we got 6 30 the a pregame the braves at the marlins again tonight marlins one another game
And the interest no want to build that stating for John Henry
No looks by the way in that picture in the paper today like he's sucking on a person and
Want to see John Henry sucking on a person and open up your uh, whatever paper that's in today
Got a lovely picture of him with that big sucking look
Talk dirty to me
And I'll time for language lesson of the day repeat after me
Nephapah is taba in albanyo. Oh, it's not possible
Uncle is tamuerto ii which means my father must have been in the bathroom
Either that or something died in there
Ha's the lup humbuck
It's on the 31 at
560 w to q a m
I think next time my mother comes over to babysit the dogs instead of like leaving candy wrappers buried in the garbage
Just to make sure she doesn't have to like uh, go digging through the garbage
rifling through it whatever the hell were what she used
I think what I'll do is leave some uh things out on that but not the wrappers. I'll leave the candy bars out there
Right on the kitchen table
You think they'll still be there when I get back no no
The same person that's trying to poison people with sugar that they're not aware of like sticking sugar
In the goddamn sauce for the shrimp
Which I had to bring that out of the cl- I like sugar and bring in mongol bread to her neighbor upstairs
Who's got diabetic neuropathy nice going ma
I was rummaging to his car bitch
Here's the four-letter. Hello. Hey, you know how you doing. Okay, sir
You got John Henry's an asshole. Yeah, I know that and I'm uh
I will never go to a marlin's game. I don't care
If the stadium fee paid for it or public pay sort of course I care about that. Yeah
It's yeah
Even Wayne ought to pack their crap and get the hell out of here
I know there's an interesting thing in this uh
Jose land beat the southward inside of this gossip column this morning
It says marlin's owner John Henry
High tiling out of a Fort Lauderdale Rotary Club meeting Wednesday to fly to Alaska his 165
A yacht is 155 foot yacht is more than Juno, Alaska. Okay. Here's a guy. It's a multi-billionaire
That's got 165 foot yacht in Juno, Alaska and he's expecting the public to help him build a stadium
Because you don't want to lose anyone with a baseball team that nobody forced into buy and then here on the same newspaper
They on the front page of the local section is that picture of him sucking a person and Henry will pitch for new stadium in
Proud counter planning to be more aggressive and of course wants the attack spares to help him build it
Yes, something baseball is a dying sport. Yeah, it's right. Nobody cares
Uh-huh turn out is terrible. All these guys are a bunch of asshole overpaid jocks batting 210
Right, it's a bunch of mine because they did all this expansion
What you have is a bunch of minor leaguers in major league uniforms. They're still minor leaguers
It's all water down. That's why you've got all these guys hitting the 50 and 60 and 70 home runs now instead of pro player
State you should call a pro prospect stadium. There you go. You know, it's ridiculous and Wayne
Here's a guy who got a stadium built and the panthers are gonna suck
He's an asshole. Yeah, got a hatchet man in there. He don't give a crap
He just cares about the bottom line. We know that and he knows unfortunately there enough suckers that keep from that place up
I don't ask me. I can't figure it out and you know something
Brian Murray, well, they also go on a boat and and go find Kenney in a middle of the lake, you know
Ridiculous already. Okay. I'll see you
5 6 7 0 5 oh, sorry 5 6 7 0 5 60
0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
She wants you start doing that. It's hard to stop
That's why we had to get dinner to be tired because
The spokesman you couldn't chase you should really anymore. You got tired of sharing that
very embarrassing
Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello
Yes
From Lennon clock until 10 o'clock when they went off here this morning the entire count is any reason why you're whispering or
Want that work? Oh
Was
the Millennium start
and
In 2000 or 2000. Who are we talking about? Who's the day Rick Riley
And he insisted that it was 2000 and everybody else around him kept telling him 2001
Yeah, he spent an entire hour on it. There's only about seven eight weeks ago. We did that in the show exactly
Recreally is a douchebag. Okay. Thanks for the good news
But a genius. Oh great mathematician. You know, it's interesting because he likes to fancy himself a computer expert
And I've told you this before but when we were over at PAX and we had all that fancy equipment
Nobody know how to make it work and the computers kept breaking down crashing all the time
And he had more trouble with them than anybody
Remember that couldn't get anything straight enough. He's supposed to be the expert
Of course, I know that if I want to buy some stocks. I'll call up Rick
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's North Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, long time listener. All right. All right. Hey, I'm buying my time in day county right now
Ready to move on out. Yeah, but anyway, do you see Matt Merrick star. I'm on TV last night. No, I did not
I wouldn't watch Merrick's oh my god. I'm like a book. I don't need to see him again
Unbelievable. Pitchin for this penny sales tax
But I hope I hope it loses like four to one. I hope it loses so overwhelming
That it's such a massive rejection and impudiation by the people of this county who've been led down the garden path so many times before
The Merrick's deer hind packs his bags and goes back out to LA or wherever he went to the first time
And don't ever show his ugly pusher again. I just hope I just hope it it shows the county government
It's such an overwhelming
thing that people just
Vote for it against it and it puts in embarrassment in them
And God bless you so and vote early and often before we leave
Those absentee ballots there's always coming handy
Yeah, even from the dead people especially in Miami. Let's get to all those people that voted for mayor Suarez
former mayor Suarez
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on I mean how much energy do you take to say no?
You know, I mean yes, that requires a little bit more
You know like listen. Yeah, see that requires some energy, but no hey, that's the simple
So like Nancy Reagan said just say no to the Crookson-Dade County in the mayor that belongs behind bars
For trying to defraud the public for the umpteenth time
Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am long time listener. All right
I don't understand how can you be talking about cigars today when different Kennedy claims being buried
How who can be you do you supposed to garish
Meaning what? What does that mean? Well, I don't know you know a nice guy a Kennedy family the
Family
We're reading an article about it sir. I just got through reading an article. Yeah, I heard it
Well, what would you like to talk about I'd like to talk about why are you not talking about the national uh-huh
He'd like to talk about why I'm not talking about the Hebrew queers. Whatever it was that he said
What do you say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's the lenient Ford Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you today great? That's good
I got a couple things first of all um my husband and I we both are saddened by the fact that John Kennedy died
But we're not overwhelmed we've walked very little with the coverage and it's like
Barium let's move on that's the first second story. They've already been cremated all three of them
They put their ashes out to see now
Why can't we move on with life and like this last asshole this last bigoted knee-endrathol
I saw why I just got through reading this four-page
Stangle which is a great article and some that up more eloquently than I ever could and why can't we now move on and stop trying to live some
Vicarious life through somebody famous in Goodsey it's because like you said
He's always gonna be steps for your little boy
So living to his father's coffin to people. I mean I was three years old when Kennedy died
But I and I have memories in my mom dark house four days in a row
But he's always gonna be that little three-year-old and let's face it how many pictures that you've seen as him as that three-year-old or under the desk
It's just the way people want to remember him and that's it
But now I need you guys not the way I remember him
Well, no, it isn't you probably not and there's really I mean he hadn't had a chance if he was gonna make us mark
As a Kennedy he hadn't done it yet
So the only thing you have to remember him by is when he was little
Here and and that's what why is that I don't know we saw his picture eight million times whether we wanted to see or not on the front
Every guy there magazine we saw eight billion words about George magazine, which was a money losing proposition
Very weak circulation to 400,000 readers. Oh, I don't I don't get that I we don't either
We really talk about living in the pan. You know why you know why in an addition which most people in the society
Most of the people in this audience don't remember him saluting the casket
Don't remember him sitting under the guy dim a desk in the oval office because they weren't born then
See and that but you know what if you if you weren't born and I like I say I was I was three when Kennedy was
Assessinated that's your first memory whether it happens when you're seven or eight
That's the first thing you remember when you start hearing about oh
Prevented and assassinated is you see those pictures of John John underneath the desk saluting the casket
He's a Kennedy that's and and with the name Kennedy goes certain rights and privileges as society
So in other words, so in other words when David Kennedy dried out of a drug overdose dead where there was a big deal about
She were rehashing the same stuff again. That's not true. I
True you're you're you're absolutely right. I guess when Michael Kennedy had the skiing accident and died and skis
The the guy that was diddling the babysitter he there was no big son at answer about that
It didn't last two minutes to coverage about that
Is as much of a Kennedy is anybody else?
It wasn't romanticized and John John was always or John Kennedy Jr
Will always be a romanticized figure in most people's minds because he was related to who John what was John the president of the United States of America?
Yeah, I don't know. I don't understand it either
But I need to change the subject for one quick second and after you ever
Please
Have you ever considered going to stay on the eastern the Adriatic coast in Italy?
No, no it's too close to Yugoslavia
I really because it did some beautiful little towns all along that right along the Adriatic. No. Oh well. All right. Have a great day
Stay out from under that desk
5 670 560. I mean you know you're you're doing your thing man
I mean you think whatever you think and that's fine. I just uh all I can say
20 before noon at 560 wqa. I'm I'll tell you that guy that called before about fish food
I mean what is there to really say you know it's the best ice cream that's ever been invented?
All right. This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger
oh
I can't wait I don't know
I play for no go up the road
I feel my back. He floats
Yeah, I hate to tell you so
I
can't wait I gotta go
I'm back now on my hands and knees
Let's together tightly squeeze
You best go over in this bath
Or I don't use that messy cat
So in the bladder we'll explore
I
Can't wait I call it down
Squared squirt 14 till noon at 560 you mean it's not even 12 o'clock yet. No only crap
But I'm enjoying this predominant square and even though it's not lit up
I'm just oh I shouldn't be keeping it in my mouth isn't that right?
Is that what they said before? Don't keep chewing on it and the cigar either
5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello. You know yes sir. Hey doing okay. Yeah
My girlfriend walked in and she's sad because they're putting John John's ashes in the sea
There's not gonna be a grave site where people can go and visit thank God
Maybe she's just maybe she can just throw some flowers in the Atlantic
In fact, maybe all the transatlantic flights what they can do for the next several months is just kind of as easy
You're taking off just crack the window a little bit or maybe just open the door just a little of crack and let everybody go up to the front and
Drop some flowers out before you get sucked out of the plane
I agree hey a couple things
This penny sales tax is there they are they've done any surveys?
This is a kind of concrete package. What is it to see what to see whether it's likely to pass?
I have no idea whether they have there any polls. They're probably sitting on them
Okay, and and one other thing I try to call you about this a few days ago is it a pay phone a pay phone crap out
I got a buddy
He's 33 years old and he he just married a 16 year old girl
Last year he just turned 16 and you know he loves her very much. I'm not making light of any of that of course
But it seems with these
Dirtway rape wise that you know as long as you have the blessing of the Lord through marriage
You can you can be bang in 13 year old I guess. I don't know really what I mean how does that one was too bad?
Roman Polanski didn't know that I have no idea. I don't know how that works, but maybe somebody does
Well, it's just interesting. I just want to run that by I knew I have a good day. Thanks for the good news
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of 18 T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. You guys. Yes, sir
What's going on? Not a thing, man. It that is a door nail of course umbrella. You can smell it. Oh, yeah
How about this stadium? They're never gonna build no baseball stadium. I sure hope not of course not to joke
They'll never build a baseball stadium in Miami. Why do you in Miami? What about in Broward? Never how do you know that?
Because two years from now, there'd be no more baseball on South Florida. I don't that's really hard. You're wrong
6,000 people at the game. Yeah, yeah, there's no people at the game. Well, I got one you have no payroll, but there is a make
Well John Henry's broke on the on the on Henry's broke the on mode Alex. Yeah, he's broke
That's why he went up to Alaska. There was 165 foot yacht. Maybe he's gonna sell it. He's broke. Bye-bye. Okay. Yeah, he's broke break this
Jackass five six seven oh five sixty. See, you know people ask me what I do for a living
I tell them I do a talk show on the radio and say well, what kind of talk she was that I said I talked to assholes for four hours every day
No, I tell people that I actually what I say is I talked to crazy people for four hours every day
I don't say asshole because when you first meet somebody strange around a plane you don't want to say asshole because they might take it personally, you know
No, I always tell them that I talked to crazy people for hours every day
Is that what I get paid for? Yes
So thanks for not letting me down by the way, especially this last guy
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line as we continue the search for the ultimate truths of the universe and I'll guarantee you'll fight him right on talk radio
Make no mistake about that. Are we fighting him today? Uh-huh. You bet
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello, Neil God. Yes, sir
This new
Voice of the Panthers digs. Oh, I finally got a call on this two hours later when I get a call on jigs big dot
Which most people here don't know him from old McDonald's well, he is old well
I only read the um in the papers falling about him. I have never heard him. Is it fair to compare him to let's say rumour?
Oh rumours better than jigs McDonald. Yes. Yeah
And could this McDonald's person do television or is he strictly radio?
He has on television. He did he did mostly TV in the past. Oh, but here he's gonna be strictly radio. Right
Okay, he's weak
He's weak
He's old. He's old and he's boring. He's got to I mean he's not I mean he's better than Chris Moore
Which is okay, but he certainly doesn't make the game exciting
He's not gonna create any new hockey fans. He's uh old and worn out. He's a burnout. No, Lord the Panthers could have done better. Yes
Very good. I listen to I listened to some of the tapes that they had a couple of tapes
And you know if they weren't gonna give it to guilty
There were some other guys that had more experience than guilty
And we had some tapes from great people some really good announcers
So instead of bringing in somebody new they bring back an old tired guy because he's got this incestuous relationship from Bill Tory
From a hundred years ago when the New York with the islanders
And so that's why they're bringing him in here. It's very very sad. Hey lives off the coast too. He's gonna place up a hutch in
To the island right yeah
Well, all remains to be well at least you won't have far to go when we send him home. You guys have a great third pal. Okay
And like I said, it's not personally. He's a good guy, but he just sucks
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATC mediocrity. We love mediocrity here
That's what this town is generally based on that's what Wayne is all about those same boring guys
They all look like Dean Jordan. They all smell like Dean Jordan. They all have those same boring
Uh, I don't even know what the color of that suit. He had one suit that he always used to wear before he ran
Off to wherever he went to the Charlotte or somewhere
Kind of like a brindle brown. They all have that same kind of dull
like that
And that's the high pingo organization and of course John Henry he ain't no different
Just so that he just don't want to be just another guy who wanted to play toy because he's got a lot of money
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Neil yes sir god speaking if you are good
If you are god you will not allow that little Leo the caprio to be on the next godfather
The next guy I hate to break the news to you but Mario Puzo died there isn't gonna be any next godfather. Have a nice day
To these people read a newspaper. Oh, they listen to a news can
I'm then wondering how dropping the ashes from cremated bodies in the ocean other than that do they ever know
Get with it get with it. Wake up and sniff the daffodils. Okay
Mario Puzo is dead. Oh, let me say it again. That was just a couple of weeks ago
A man who had a much greater impact on most of our lives
Am I right about that godfather parts one two and three one of the classic epic of motion picture and also of course the book was even better than the movie which he wrote
Did anybody make a big sentence about that just barely got any mention
Mario Puzo. I mean he wasn't a good looking young guy
He wasn't on the picture of a cover of glamour magazines
And of course Puzo he was one of those grease balls, you know
Which I thought we like grease balls. I do. I like the Italians. What's wrong with that?
Love the Italians just like that senator from Nevada said the Italians are great people and I got to go now because
My hook is waiting in the motel
You know that senator won't see him no more
So
That's like what's the point I see I feel like I got stuck into this again the same thing
I've been doing the other three days and I keep rehashing like I'm trying to convince people
I'm not going to convince them. I know what the story is. I know which side it's buttered on
But the overwhelming majority of people out there. It's the it's the America of the 90s. That's all I know
Is whatever television teaches them is important. That's important
And that woman before that was hawking a trident
I don't know what she was talking about about she was three years old then but she remembers those pictures of John John
Is saluting and under the desk
How can you be three years old and you remember that
I don't remember anything from when I was three years old. You the earliest memories I have was when I fell down and hit my head when I was five years old
And I still have the scar in my forehead in Rochester on okay terrorists in the first house we live in I fell down on the
The rocks we had like a real rocky thing outside our side door
I fell down and hit my head and here's the scar
That's it. That's the earliest memory I've got. I remember chasing ducks with a squircon
And then I remember carrying that cat up the street on okay terrorists the one that
My arms and I've hated cats ever since. Yeah, I didn't number right in my arms
And I've had in the version to pussy you've ever since
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey, now, how's your great?
I don't blame John Henry or Heisenger any of these guys
I blame the politicians in the public if they would just stand up and say look no
Using any money that's it because Henry he's just getting a free lunch
How can you turn down a free meal?
This is the same guy who said that if the public wouldn't build it he would build so let's tell him put up her shut up
Okay, you want to keep your crappy team here fine
So you said you'd build a thing you go ahead you work it out and then you put up the money and leave us alone
Well, that's a great idea, but remember what happened in Arizona the public voted against building the stadium
Yeah, and the commissioners went ahead and did it anyway some guy went into the office and shot the bitch right in the head
That's true. Yeah, and you know, and and that's what it's the public will means nothing because these politicians are sucking up to the rich guys
And unless it means that they're not going to get reelected. That's the only thing they know
I know that if I were wealthy enough to have 165 foot yacht more than Juneau, Alaska
I'd be running around asking the taxpayers. They helped me build a stadium for my play toy
Well, if they do it would you take the money? Yes, yeah, there you go. F&A. Okay. Have a great day. Bye. Bye. That's what they need to learn to start doing next
Next earth is a good day to practice just say no, no, no, no, this the prize makes it so easy. No
Why do you woman out there sure you got a lot of practice? Yeah
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18t line four minutes till noon here in Death Valley days and it is man
It is so deadly you can smell it you can feel it
I can tell you wheels have been returning
Thinking that way back for them
Travel back to the 1660
Gonna get it on Joe Batman again now watching
Now we heard the three of us
Now we heard it for just a few days now
Now I hope all you will remember
The thousand man gets all the chicks they have
It's not as long as ours
Weird as hell that is true
It's all about
I see probably one at five sixty wqm we got 1600 open lines on him
But that's okay. We're rolling along. We're already halfway up the hill and now it's all downhill from here
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line gym and yeah for the vacationing Hank Goldberg at two
I'll tell you one thing. I think snow dummy. He sure knows when to get out of here as often as possible
Here's a mobile in north Miami. Hello
Yeah, I was going on. Yes, sir
Screw the candy. You know, I mean it's funny because if I you know if I had listened to you
I think all this stuff going on is normal how they're carrying on carrying on carrying on
It is so sick and so disgusting and it's still going on right now
They won't let it go there putting the ashes in the ocean and they still won't let go of it
How much more is there to say they're dead? It's tragic. It was an accident. They're dead. Good people die every day
Let them rest in peace
Funny I get a neighbor you know to chick was obsessed with Leo the caprio and obsessed with everything that you know
I'm eating that's going on the media and that she's all next door crying
Well the kind the kind of people the kind of simple things who are obsessed with Leo the caprio
Those are the people right now who are crying and carrying on like this is something important because those are morons
Exactly another thing
What are these all these people that are crying for this new stadium? I mean do you need these people out of kids?
These people realize how over kinds of schools are and how over kinds of the jails are they don't care about that
It's nothing but you better get you better get your priorities straight mr. We don't care about that
It's amazing. That's right. Um, did you ever find all this picture brown?
I ever find one all the things around no
Um, can you play uh father of fool? Okay, we'll do it
See I say hi to father or tool at the bottom of the pool. Oh, that was bad
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's bokeh. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, I just heard you guys talk about jigs and thawnals. I had a question about that
Yes, sir. Is he still uh, is diny potton still gonna be doing an amthing?
Yeah, on tv potpans with rimmeron tv. Oh, so jigs is doing the radio is doing the radio and I assume that
Randy molars still be doing the color and gildy will be like doing whatever does he does on the broadcast
Okay, cuz I just caught part of it on the radio
Well, what do you think of jigs? McDonald, do you like him?
Uh, grew up on long island watching him
So I know what he's like. I know he could be a real bore sometime
Uh, but you know, I was just wondering if he was gonna be working with potvin
Maybe there'd be some chemistry there, but I guess if he's on the radio and that he's on the radio
I've got to use for a suit. They could bring in 50 gallons of sulfuric acid and stick it in diny's potpan
Braco and there still wouldn't be any chemistry, okay? He is terminal
If you look up the word dollared if you looked at dumb frog in the dictionary, you'll see his picture next to it
And have a great thing all right nil
5670560 I shouldn't have said that you know
Because then he sees very sensitive. I feel really really
I'm sorry
5670560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. We're waiting on your baby
We're waiting on the 50 million calls that are gonna come in here
And you know what the problem is this week? I guess I really uh
I lost my senses this week. I should have come on here and done the popular thing
See when I come on and I say what is I think I don't care whether it's popular on popular means stream
Whatever I do is say what I think
But I guess I should have probably sucked up to everybody and just gone right into this thing
Oh my god the Kennedys and Camelot and what a tragedy this is and how are we gonna survive and this young man
Certainly would have been a senator and probably the next president and yeah
I should have just come on and bullcrafted everybody because that's where that's where all the money is
That's where the popularity is
Is going in there with the mainstream and just sucking on to everybody's button fine
I was you know it reminds me of I was thinking about this this morning driving the work. I don't know what made me think about it
About people who think that their hip or cool. Oh, I know what it was. I saw a thing on tv and actually the first time I ever actually saw it in print
SUP which is not short for supper. Okay, for all you old parts out there
You know it used to be what's up and then if we came TSUP sup and out it's just
SUP so if you really want to be hip and cool
You have to keep up with the latest lingo from all these degenerates out there on the street all these eliterates
And it's the same thing with shaken hands
See I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people
I learned a long time ago that when you shake your hand you stick your hand out somebody else puts their hand
You squeeze it a little bit not too much no finger and they're a palm and that's it. That's how you shake some of these hands
Not anymore and if you want sports
This is the best one. Okay, because air be five minutes even within a baseball game between the first thing and the ninth inning
They have developed some new way the high five low five they got the fist on the fifth and a hand on your wrist and a hand in your neck
I mean I'm sorry
I can't yeah the elbow on the elbow the elbow on your neck
I can't keep up. I have no desire to keep up. I'm not interested in the drug brothers grip
You know, I know I watch I watch young people shake hands
And I ask myself how is it that they know when they're finished?
You know what I'm saying? How do they know when they've done the last thing with a fingers like this and
How do they are are they sure because it all depends on the person that you're shaking the hand with?
How hip and how cool they are and what happens if they're hip or encoder than you are then you look like a jackass
And you know something the people who want to be hip and cool they're very sad
Because they're desperate to show to everybody how hip and cool they are
And just like these Prado more of a squared. That's how square they are
Makes me nauseous
Yeah, we got the that that's it. That's one of my favorites with the elbows. That's great
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Going once 13 minutes 51 seconds later long gone
Let's try sunrise hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I've been listening on and off this morning because I've been in and out of the house
but
Did anybody talk you about the channel 10
Special to the world to series not called vanished. No tonight is Madeline Murray. Oh here. Yeah, you're gonna talk about her disappearance
Really yeah, what time's that on 10 o'clock? All right, okay
And I would you see there was an article in the paper the other day about some guy that
Where they turned up a bag of like all these gold coins that had belonged to her. Yeah, they copied some
See for petty crook or whatever was arrested and they found these things in his possession and traced them back to her and her son
Right. Oh, yeah, they arrested this guy. They think he put her in a that put all of them in a gigantic oil drama some right
They sleep with the fishes and by the way, are we having any morning about that exactly
Exactly Madeline over here one of the guttiest bitches in the history of the human race
No morning about that
Goes on and on and I agree with you about the handshake. It's totally ludicrous
It's ridiculous man. Let them let them all shake it
But I wanted you to know about that show. Thanks. I appreciate it. God bless you. I'm sorry Madeline would like that
5 6 7 0 5 60 god damn it and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Yeah, how cool can you be man? How cool? Okay, hey stop stop
And those those are young people like it sucked into that you know what?
I said to myself every time I listen to that and I hear it
Nothing I'm some old funny that he like George thinks the old man, which is his favorite way to refer to me
What's great love about the way? No, no, that's not the point the point is that all of this other stuff is so superficial
And so meaningless and you know what it means nothing it means absolutely nothing
But you see we have to have we have to separate the generations
We have to have if we don't have a real generation gap we have to invent new ones because it's real good marketing
You know, it's real good that way that if you if you wear a certain kind of clothing if you wear your pants out of your knees
Which I don't mind that by the way
Yeah, that's one of the new styles that's not too bad. Don't like those baggy pants
But if you got them down around your knees, hey, you know what they call that like for the handicap easy access
He is still
Biggest
Oh
Thank you
In my
These girls will win it all
A world got
Because they great with the backup all
The U.S. of sensation got the fastest my uh-huh
Still to beat any nation from Australia to my right
You come from everywhere
We're gonna to Maine
To play before my surprise and they'll make us go insane
And now they're scoring again
You
Love in the lady
This will go down we're loving the lady soccer
You girls will not be feeling like new y'all stick up like us
No, they're really so down loving the lady soccer
Love in the lady
Oh, yeah
Well 15 and 560 WQA and 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pond 5 60 on a mobile one line we're kicking some serious back to name mostly our own, but that's okay
I'm used to it. Here's Miami. Hello
Yes, sir
Almost to get done my pants on our kicks McDonald is coming here. I grew up
I grew up on in Pennsylvania actually the poke I was watching now when there's a channel man
He's the most boring right the bland the criminal right bland that they sure that's exactly where bland
He's awful putting he actually did work for sports channel when they did the playoffs
I really the worst I've ever heard him it's a tie between him and more yeah
Redful
I'm here in show in gentlemen here are the adjectives used to do an out to describe the new maybe you'll play by playboy
So the path is redful and
Whatever you should just retire. He's a awful. Yeah, I can't believe this in that pathetic and again it goes to show you
It's not your talent. It's who you know and who you suck up to because him in builtory obviously have this incestuous relationship
It's a disgrace that they brought this man here to do this job
I can't really want to listen to compound. What does this compound crap the Kennedy compound? I thought that was for warts
Have a great day pal
Thank you
Isn't that for warts compound W five six seven oh five sixty Tom five sixty on the mobile one line enough for the frickin
Kennedies, okay
Go get a Kennedy sandwich or something do anything with it
Just leave me alone with a frickin Kennedies and like a you know, I can only imagine
Because you know there are millions of people who despise the Kennedies almost to a point of irrationality
But that's just the way it is
And maybe in some cases justifiably I would like the old man
I can only imagine how those people must feel now
Because of somebody who admired the Kennedies for the most part
Although I think more objectively than most American, but I mean, I'm just grossed out. I'm nauseated
I'm to say that I'm saturated would be an understatement
So the people that despise the Kennedies those people reason we're not hearing from them
They have like checked out they just like John John their under the desk and they're not coming out until the coast is clear
They've got the canvassing over their heads and they're like an ostrich. They got their head buried in the sand
Please, let me know when this is over tap me on the shoulder and I'll come back and get some relief from this
craziness
Here's Miami hello
Hello, yes, man
I'm a long time listener. I'm one you crazy listener's back. I want I want
To ask you that I want to tell two people their dish bags. Okay, great
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line what you say
Yeah, here's mobile in four-loader Dale. Hello
Dale yes, sir. How you doing great fan of yours all right
I'm on vacation going on the way in our line crunch as far and I was hearing you
I want to put my opinion on the Kennedy
Needle from Miami and I would think that
That would happen to me and I got locked in the and to see with a plane to crash. Yeah, uh, they wouldn't they wouldn't even
You wouldn't even acknowledge me that I thought down on the on the
What they probably would do is that the coast guard
Go on say yelts is some of the Cuban rafters
Hey, by the way, while you're out there
Would you look around and see if you can find that guy? I think he's floating around out there somewhere
Even you if you would have been if you would have been in up main and you would have fallen and
Fluffy rich senses would have been in town seven
You you probably you probably said don't even go get you, you know what I mean?
That's right, you know
Another thing by the way, you know that guy the Rick Hittin front of the stadium
You know what this morning
I was at the government wanted to bring
Uh, an aircraft carrier the John F. Kennedy carrier
They wanted to bring it in and uh, Ted, you know, I don't know
He said no, you don't want to bring it in. I mean imagine that they would have brought the carrier
Yeah, I don't know that we have to spend just to bring it to drop it. That's a flush of 20, you know exactly
It's unbelievable
God bless you sir
And I want to hear you talk about well about we meet guys
Ricky Martin and we can reay uh, you
How you talk? I want you I want to I want to all these songs, okay? Okay, you got it. Have a great day
You want to hear all of those things is what he said. What's wrong with that?
And reay Kay they must have a different while I know they have different musical versions because I got them on the CD
But they must have a different video and updated by Lamos
The one where he keeps pulling his shirt up and he keeps like you know doing things
I've gone in reay
Okay, my book even if your English is pretty weak
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line and then that
Bill from four Myers there with that comment about what do you say about all those uh gross working grease ball
Spicks whatever he was talking about you must be hanging out in the wrong parts of town bill
Not too many of the good looking Julio's come over to the trailer park. I guess
Here's a mobile in four-loader Dale hello
Hey Dale yes, sir
Talk about the panthers organization the organization they hire all the same
Kaisel looking guys
Lam what you know what that word is old
William go. Damn. Yeah, that's why I'll take a look at that when they found out that Rimmer and Gellie were Jewish
Of course you think with the name like Goldstein that would know in Gellie's case
But when they found that out they said oops the two ladies are gonna have too much to choose doing Panther games
Forget it never gonna happen. Yeah
That's the only problem good. That's a good point. I never thought about that
Goiam they all look the most glacial organ that they all look at that Dean Jordan
Professional going look you're absolutely correct. Just keep saying that word. Okay. Thank you. Just keep saying good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 come on you can do it good
And pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
How about the women we heard from any women today? No that crazy lady
What's the call for three times by the way for what? We don't do douchebags for people that have no material. Okay
Want to give me a call and have just a little bit of material fine
But don't try to use my show as a conduit to try to make a simmiss with some jackass friend of yours
Call them up on the phone and say hey you're a jackass you're a douchebag you're an asshole whatever or better yet go knock on their door
And see how far they knock your false teeth flying
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Well
I'm telling you I'm just having a bitch of a mobile in Fort Lauderdale
No, oh yeah, well not bad. I hear that strange sound. Thank you very much for waiting by the way
We got a real patient crowd today
Oh the cigar I keep chewing on it
You know something I am going to line up with a bad thing because I'm chewing on this all day is kind of a protest
Since nobody else out there cares about this
That the FTC wants to clamp down on cigars and put all kind of warnings and make illegal radio and TV advertising the cigars
I mean as much as we love nicks and they love us if they should do that
So nicks will survive and we'll survive we got a waiting list of people are one advertised if that it's not from a self-restant point like that
It's just that when you finally get tired of your government regulating your life every single damn thing
We do and then the things where they ought to be doing more regulation like the god damn diet of the American public
They're liking La La land. Oh yeah, well, we're too busy for that
Of course, we got the president who eats to McDonald's all the time is big max and but he does love his cigars. Welcome
Here's a mobile in Marco Island. Hello. Hi. How you doing pretty good sir? Good
About these secret handshake
When I was in the military are they secret? I thought only the motions of that I don't know
But when I was in the military in the 70s when a couple of the brothers would get together
I thought they were dancing because they were going through this ritual of yeah
Getting their chest and hitting their pants together and pointing and they call it chopping
I think or something to start like that, but I thought it was some kind of a
Secret ritual. I don't know. They're chopping on it. They were chopping on it. Yes, sir. They were
Another thing
They keep saying chop all the time. Yeah, chop on this. Yeah, uh-huh
Corey saving update. I will let the call you a couple weeks ago, but apparently he's working for Fox 4 and he's doing the
Roasting reporter thing and he had a a story on an adult
gay
Needless camp
Near-for-mires and he and he looks shit shot trying to talk to the whole man trying to talk to this old man
It came to the trailer naked of work. Yeah, sir
Shock is what he said. Yeah
One thing about beautiful Marco Isle and about your government influencing people on Marco Isle and if you have ground owls on your fake
I've caught the
Environmentalists come down and they put little
Fakes in the ground and orange barricade tape all around it and tell you that
They will persecute you to death if you decide to build a house and those lockings ground owls are protected. Yeah
On
Okay, I know we got a little problem there. It's that phone five six seven oh five sixty
Mom maybe the phone is screwed up again. They we just haven't figured it out yet. That certainly could be couldn't it?
Happen many times before and there's such a cheap ass joint
And by the way pizza loss bringing food tomorrow. They don't know it yet because junior wants food from pizza left tomorrow
What
Junior your best close personal
Oh
Don't be messing with him. He's taking enough group. You know, I'm gonna tell you the scene that I saw here yesterday
With this Chris Reed business the nephew. I mean he's
I'm not gonna say he's not a bad guy because at this point of the game. I'm just I wonder about these people
All these little children that run around here and when the boss is out of town
Which he had to come flying back for a tragedy for somebody's funeral
But nevertheless and then they're running around here bossing around all the little people including the interns who don't even get paid
I can't stand that I can't stomach it. We got pipsqueaks around here who in their own mind because through a relation or through because they're part of the inner circle or because they have dinner at Greg's house
Right away they're trying to like impress us all with the tremendous power and authority they've got there's still pipsqueaks
That was pathetic
pathetic
I didn't hear the story. I don't I can't either drop in there
evidently when junior was screened in the calls on Hank show one day a few days ago
He had somebody call in who became very abusive because you want you know how they screen
He wanted to talk about the the cycling the big whatever the hell they call that and
Aller's getting abusive. I don't believe so yeah, right
And so anyway to make a long story short
He tried to say well
We don't want to talk about the Hank didn't know nothing about that as I'm on talk about and a guy became very abusive and more abusive
And then start using the effort and a few and the mom and everything and so finally he gave it back to him
And finally cut him off after taking much too much abuse
Chris Reed comes in over a little bit later
Who was the one that screened a call took that call because obviously he had gotten the call
Well, that's a good friend of mine who happens to be a sponsor on his station and you can't those people are
That's our customers you can't treat them like that
So another is Chris Reed notion of screening calls on the show is that you guys the people are screening the cult
She's take a lot of crap from the callers
I
Tell you what all the people are want to abuse will put him right through the underlying Chris okay
We'll get a direct line and you sit in there say oh yes, sir. Yes, or whatever you say yes, sir
Yeah, let's get his direct line and we'll put them all through to him all the people who want to be abusive
Pick it on the interns
Isn't that pathetic
Just like our program director don't have the balls to look anybody in the face and say anything
All or course if he does have an altercation he'll suspend somebody for today because just she Terry Murray would like this place
It's like ding dong school
In my life. I've never worked in a radio station where so many people were being suspended
Like it like a silly place like a kitty place. Oh gee you picked your nose and a that we're gonna suspend you for two days
Yeah, but how was it?
In theaters now from the director of Star Trek and the producer of this spy who shag me
It's the spy who shags spot who are making you horny sir would you mind explaining that?
You're making you horny baby. Yeah
Fascinating. You're both quite impossible. Oh
Groovy baby and that's from my anatomy being different yours. I am delighted well
They're astronomical belief very long and judging from what you've seen so far. I agree. Oh
Hey, you the spy who shags spot. So we're shag now or shall we shag myself?
I wonder what star fleet command will say about that in long and prosper. Yeah baby
Pufferty two at five sixty wqa mgm and four hanket two and we got the donny baseball talking the crap at six
The pregame at six thirty to marlin to the braves again seven oh five from pp park tonight
And of course on him. He won't be there. He's busy in the last gun is fifty five thousand put ya on five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on a mobile one line go into the break every line and import his lift we come back and now there are two
Man, there must be some heavy duty stuff going on some orgy some wild crap going we're just not in on it
All summer long here's Kendall hello
I knew yes sir
Sir I want to know
Does anybody care about the set family or really just cares about the about the goddamn ketties nobody say anything else about about the other families involved in the
They don't have that kind of money or power man
Yeah, I mean I mean all you hear on the news is the spada s rick sent just talking about the
The canadi's and the canadi's this and the canadi's that and nobody cares about the the set family
Wasn't that proved my point right there?
Because they don't own a huge compound on some boring island out in the middle of nowhere exactly
Yeah, I just want to say
I don't want to congratulate you Neil and thank you for speaking the truth and have a great life
Yeah, well, you know rick sent just can relate to it because Mary joker peckney
She had a little car problem there too just like they either rick hit on in front of the stadium
So he can relate to that whole situation I guess
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
No, I took the wrong tactic like him and then I actually said what I thought all week long and that was a bad mistake
You have to suck up to the masses out there and put on a big phony act and come in and we put carry on
Oh, it's an American tragedy and this is you know
I'm feeling so
nauseated is what I'm feeling grossed out
I'm a
Paul takes a lot to appall me. I've seen it all but I'm appalled this one
I thought I knew how sick the media was they shocked the living crap out of me and show me that I'm not even close yet to understanding
Fort Lauderdale hello, Neil yes, sir. I looked it up in a dictionary. If you have a shed in your backyard
It qualifies as a compound. Uh-huh
Uh, and what about the guy I can't see the guy in the phone man. What's that? Go ahead the guy from he hot
Which is Buck Henry want the new stadium for a bed sport? Is that incredible? I like that buck Henry
I love that if you saw that picture in the Sunsendle they were it looks like he's sucking on a person
Buck Henry would be great under that name. Yeah, I think the only thing I have passed is the soccer team here
Wanted a new stadium. I think that would that would roll that would go over big especially if we can bring in that women's soccer
I mean we've ever got the WNBAs going to come in that's going to fail in about three months. So why not?
Amazing all right, Neil. Keep up the good work. Thank you sir. I mean even when the men's soccer goes over here like a
Fagged in pole vault or in a hot day in the middle of hell
They're gonna have women's soccer here
Just keep more stadiums and more arena's more tax money more fandom teams more mediocre rather than just keep subsidizing
You know just keep doing it huh? No no no thanks
And then I forget where I was reading which column it was but about how important major league baseball is to a real community
As if somehow before we had the marlins, which is what like eight or nine years ago or seven eight years whatever was
Somehow we didn't said we just couldn't survive without that. How why is that so important?
I think we could we could probably squeak through somehow
Not major league baseball here. I just don't know how much better it is. Let's remember. Yeah, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're just a suck
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm calm by the Kennedy. Yeah
They're talking way too much about oh
Well, they're gonna show me they're gonna be showing those news on playboy channel
All right, it's already under they got that nude picture of
John from the front of George magazine. I mean, you see now. Yep. Only this time. He's got his legs wide open up and piercing
One of the outtakes I guess
5 6 7 0 5 50 don't forget the Tom Green show tonight
In 30 on MTV now we're talking something important something put a little smile on your face is Tom Green
You know what I got to do I love the all I give you the tape. Did you watch it yet? Not yet. That's all right
I'll tape them one tonight because I love the opening of the show
Isn't that that's one of my favorite parts just the music
It's said the music is just perfect for that show. It's just wacky and wiki and ridiculous enough
It just it does things deep inside my rectum
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. I'm reading about American tragedy. I pick up the paper this morning
A five-year-old shoots a four-year-old brother and
Somebody had asked have a gun laying around his house. Mm-hmm
And but just remember guns don't kill people cigars do yeah exactly
But I mean I think we spend a little bit more time
worrying about that and people that have you know control over their own lives like Kennedy did when he went up in that plane
Right, I think things would be a lot better off. Okay. Thanks. Hold your breath. Yeah, and have a great day
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line now what do they let me ask you this when they call what those call
Oh, he really wanted to talk to Chris Reed when they call what those calls do they really think it's gonna get down the year when they call those things?
Uh-huh. Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
I think the word you're looking for sir when you look to yourself in a mirror is dumb
the UN and
dumb as in real real
Pathetically dumb illiterate stupido
Lee cow errands coming. Well congratulations get alive. Do you or your family suffer from things?
The makers of zyfan wants you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things
Zyfan winter of the Department of Health prestigious longest list of side effects award for two years running
Cypher talk to your doctor today
Some swallowing the brain impotence enlargement of various glands in dots and always why two gay history
Attemptations and plays of locustive and associated with use of cypher other possible side effects
He put planes to zoom his loss of weight loss of color loss of keys threatening of the hair a version to swing music zombies and night sweats
Talking like Roger either it's your guns exploding head and the cow some patients have reported blurred vision through
Only talking Australian saying the phrase good to go not news broken bones
Monday I rom make up high cholesterol low steam let packing cloth strifey soft-dowing mid-sections clock watching and
Requins a more significant number of zyfan users of reporting the occasion about the chest pain random loss of news
Trouser can't think we see poor head twisting of the truth spine straight and told him the line headaches muscle
Ice clawed aching is in gas pussing incessant staring and barking get your continuous
Desiaphaets on our website at www.cyphan side effects are you kidding me question mark dot org zyfan keep away from cats dogs snakes children the young at heart and goats
Zyfan medicine for today's things all right sounds like our kind of crap 1243 at 560 WQ I am
Here's my any hello
Hello yes sir
Oh boy let me ask you something uh-huh is that through you really a fact yeah
Are you writing a book what about that's big that you have he says you know what he's a hypocrite uh-huh
He's a very good hypocrite yeah I'm very good
Okay, thanks Julio one of your people 5 6 7 or 5 doesn't like the word means is 60 pound 5 6
Look hypocrite when don't have it how many how years have we been doing this when somebody wants to
You know take a cheap shot because they're mostly illiterate anyway like him now you're a hypocrite
They don't you're right. They don't even know what it means
But it sounds good. It's a good. It's a good shot. You know. Oh, you're a hypocrite. You know what that means. Well, how do you spell it?
H.Y.C
5 6 7 H.I.P.P.O.T.O 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one lie
Thanks for listening to 5 60 WQ Ed by the way Julio
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Hey, Nio. How are you doing?
He's just a little sour because his application for men so was caught up in the mail
Not really Martin ran off of his boyfriend
Exactly listen on the serious side
When when the panthers were getting new in new arena
I still remember you kind of being a little giddy about it and talking about how you got the busman's tour and
You know that the panther arena seemed to be all right most notably probably because you're a big panther fan
No, more notably most notably because the taxpayers aren't paying for it's a bed tax the the tourists are paying for not the people live in Broward County
Well, if you've been listening to the to the rhetoric that's been flowing around lately on the station
It seems to none of these days stadiums were built purely with uh, you know public money as it were without private money as it was
But you're only looking at half of the picture
You also miss me saying as recently as yesterday that if Wayne with all the threats to the public
I mean you're talking about once they already had it bill
What am I going to do say no? I'm not going to go look at it
And I'm not going to take my free tickets from the radio station. I'm not going to do that
You're right. You're right on that
But I said it's usually yesterday if they would have moved them out of town
Life would have gone on I can live without the panthers
Okay, I could see that I could see that find me a habit solution for that whole Kennedy
I mean let me ask you this question is the community is somehow enhanced because we have majorly sports teams here
No
I like my marlins. I mean I'm just saying you know, I'm well, guess what almost nobody else does
Okay, I got to accept that though Neil as a grown man I can accept that
Well, let me say this to you if the panthers were drawing as few people as the marlins are drawing proportionally
If they were drawn like maybe three thousand people are gaming instead of 17 or 18 thousand the panther game
And Wayne said well guess what we got to fold up and move someplace else
Okay, fine. I understand that why can't you understand that instead of saying oh
We're gonna have to build enough of three hundred million dollars stadium
So you can make the money etc. And so on with taxpayer money if John Henry if John Henry was got a
165 foot yacht in Juneau, Alaska's got that kind of money
Let him be a man of his word which would be the first time in his town
It's ever happened other than Joe Robbie and let him put the money up and build his own god damn stadium
And you know what father he was vilified a lot of times Joe Robbie was certainly you know the man
Well, he wasn't the nicest guy that ever walked the earth
But the fact is that if it weren't for Joe Robbie there wouldn't be any dolphin to either
Which means there wouldn't have been any pro player stadium and there wouldn't have been any marlins and there would have been any of this crap
Exactly, which is why originally you know you still got a you know
I know the Joe Robbie stadium. I don't like the name change
Listen Neil if you have a big dish
You can you can manage to catch Star Trek 24 7 a day and miss every single ounce of Kennedy coverage. I'll pass have a great day pal
Take a how to suds
5 670 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line
Here's Miami hello
Oh, uh, change my mind. Okay, great changes mine. Okay. I guess we did too change my mind
That's in the one that's the first sir
The first time I've been doing this for 120 70 years
That's the first time in all the years I've been doing this. I ever punched up a line and somebody said up change my mind
Which is another way of saying chickened out or had no material or see you
And have a great life sir
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. Good morning. Yes, sir
Um, I was talking to a crowd of people yesterday and I was explaining to them that did you have a megaphone when you were doing this?
Yeah, sure that and I was explaining to them that I think Kennedy was as negligent as if he got behind the wheel of a car
After drinking several botquatonic. You know, that's not correct. Well, sir. He didn't have to go
He didn't have to take a break during a drunk driver with somebody who took a risk
I think is is ludicrous is really getting carried away wait a minute when I get behind of a wheel
Behind a wheel of a car and I've been drinking that's a risk and if I got past it
No, no, it's not it's not a risk. It's against the law. Okay. He didn't break any laws
Didn't break laws nail he broke every f a law that they cut poverty be by going into the IMC conditions
So he did break laws
You agree there. I don't know. Well, are you on the plane?
Was I on the aircraft? No, but he broke laws by going IMC. You don't go in IMC
We don't means what I don't even know what that might right IFR you don't go in IFR conditions. Yeah, your VFR policy conditions
Conditions, huh? Okay. That's the key word
And I see here's a mistake was getting talked into what they were supposed to leave at 5.30
This was supposed to be a daylight flight
This was supposed to happen during daylight hours when visibility was better
He had no business long enough
He got talked into it by his wife who was in system and the fact that the system law showed up three hours late
That's why they left at 8.30 instead of 5.30. That's why they're all dead
So his negligent he should not have gone negligent
But not like a drunk driving what differences to make what's the point? Does it make does it make you feel better to
It doesn't it doesn't so much of the point
Would it well? I'm just trying to to make a statement that if if he didn't go they'd be alive today
And if she wouldn't have forced him to go and if he would have been strong enough to say no
I'm not gonna do it because it's too much of a risk. They would be alive today. That's correct. Thank you
5.670560 pound 560 on the mobile one line
Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood
Yes, sir. I'm gonna be a change your mind. No, I don't see okay
What has JFK Jr. done?
It is so great
Nothing why are we
We're not having this he's done nothing sir. He's done nothing. I know nothing zero
You look four years old. He failed his bar exam. There's Cubans dying every day on the seat
And there's not that much courage for him. I cannot believe it
Cubans die every day on the sea. Yes. What the hell is that guy to do with this?
Because
Are Cubans died day we get no patience dying on the sea
Haitians yeah, huh
That was great. I'm so glad he didn't change his mind
Sir, I'm so glad you're not just one of those one-dimensional people. We have so many of down here. Thank goodness for that
That was lovely
5.670560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. See that's our motto here in this town
Moly moly moly moly like that
It's kind of like a different version of
Takeoff of that, but it's more like
Moly moly moly moly moly like that. I love it
5.670560 pound 560 on that mobile low. We keep pumpinies numbers pumpinies numbers. Why sure can't wait for Amanda
Oh, right. Maybe you'll come in an hour early. They would be great. What do you think, man? It's one next hour. Come on
How about now we're in the camera sounds good
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello
Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yeah, I haven't heard anybody talk about it. Do you about the innate that all his ribs broken and his balls knocked open pretty bad and his balls knocked open
Yeah, they said his testicles were very very swollen, which means they kicked them in pretty good
They broke all his ribs and they claimed it was suicide. Yeah, I did read that yeah
I was a dirt bag, but still I don't think you should be killed and beaten it up by cops in this prison. Mm-hmm
That's all okay. Thanks. Okay. That was pretty profound
5.670560 pound 560 on the mobile one line
Here's the mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil
I'm cracking up try to try to control yourself. I know it's not easy with this parade of brilliant calls
But try to control yourself. I'm doing the best I can
I'm sucking on my cigar so hard it's coming out my earlobe
First of all, I just like to say that you
Hank and Mandage are what keep me listening
station right and the other thing is that the guy with the owls if guilty he had some better people to work with in the morning that morning
Sure might improve too, but go ahead. No, I love my love his voice. Yeah
But the guy with the owls on Marco Island. Mm-hmm. I would rather see like two owls
I would rather see two owls and you know five
luxury mansions. Yeah, that's only an opinion. Okay, and the handshake
Yeah, I have a friend who's very young. I'm a lot older than he is
And he gave me one of his handshakes the other day and it cracked me up because took me back to 1969
The same handshake
So what goes your hand? Oh, you're from the drug brothers grip now. Is that it? That made it come back? Oh, yeah. Oh great
Thank you. All right. Thanks. All right. Maybe in fact maybe someday if we live long enough, you'll be in again
Like those old white bucks, you know
Yeah
Those old bell bottom pants don't throw much is hang on home because someday they'll be in again
Fine and of course like those you know those big one of the color sibrans
That flared out those hog mutton chops mutton chops
You know haven't cut off but save the here because you can always paste it back on again when it comes back in the style kind like kind of like
Josh Moro and young and horny Nick you're not old fashioned. You're just way ahead of your time
That's all no way way behind the time. I got to catch up. Isn't that how it works? I don't know. I'm confused
Yeah, I'm hip and I'm cool man. So that's not what's up
dog
See, let me say it again when you find illiterate people especially those of darker complexion than you are
Why do you want to emulate their behavior? That's what I find very very puzzling all of my life
I've wondered why
560 505 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Okay, thank you here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Oh, we got an epidemic now ever since the one guy called and said he changed his mind now they're all trying to do their own stick
They got all the try to it's one upsmanship
560 505 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello
Mobile in Palm Beach. Yes, sir. Yes, sir
I got to come in on the JFK incident thing there the incident thing
Yes, sir
Yes, we all was watching on the news and there were
They were interviewing people on the memorial about them all these idiots out there standing around in front of the house and standing around buildings and stuff
Yeah, and
People I guess they don't know what they're talking about because first of all the guys there and the news cats are absolutely, you know
What do you think of this whole incident and she she really couldn't believe it and then she's there and
Yeah
All right, what did I tell you about the kind of people who stay here in the summertime voluntarily?
560 7.0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Neil three cars ago the gentleman that was complaining about no coverage for the underhuman that died. Yes, sir. Have a nice day
Look, I'm gonna get sucked in the conversation about that. What is it with some of you people?
I mean, why don't you just laugh at that guy instead of feeling compelled to respond to it? Okay?
I'm not starting with anything that sounds with that
Cuban Kennedy any of that stuff. Let's try to get rid of that stuff and start talking about important stuff like cigars
And put the crap which also begins with that sound
Cut it out
God damn it
Always on kick cod
1256 at 560
W. Can you see all you got to do it doesn't take any just the slightest little flicker or that and right away
They all go off. Oh
They're all doing season ass
That crap just calm down
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
Listen to me. This is stand by and steam for sulfur king understand where everything is held to the high
Soficking standards the selection isn't just huge. It's so fucking huge believe me
You'll never shop anywhere else and sulfur king's price is not just low. They're so fucking low
You'll never find them anywhere else listen to me when I say sulfur king as a beautiful store
I mean so fucking beautiful when I say it's helpful. I mean so fucking helpful listen to me
Get to know the sulfur king and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge a stack at so fucking courteous and
Price he said a sulfur king low you'll never shop anywhere else, but don't take it for me
Take it from satisfied custom of frank and Stein
So fucking good
You said a Frankie so fucking good
You know that you want to throw a gigantic one to two hour here on a Thursday
5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Any else yes sir. How's it going today? It's a typical July 22nd day
I love that this thing makes me crack up all every time I hear it
Um back at sea escape commercial. Yeah. I like the other one better
Carval must been begging to take a thing off the air though. I don't I don't know what you're talking about the
Sea escape. I don't listen. It's full of fun. No and they were they bleeped out fun because carnival and
It sued them because carnival was the fun ships. Okay. Whatever you say. I mean they're all the same crap to me
It makes no difference to me. I see one of them
Which one was it that was polluting the waters and that of 18 million dollars and fines?
We're all carabin is that the one whichever one it was? It's all the same crap
It's just another scam for people with no lives who keep going on these cruise ships
All right, well, I just wanted to call and I don't know
Okay, I have a great day. Well, nobody knows why they because nobody's got any material today
Okay, it's just boring. We're here in the middle of the summer to 22nd July
It's 110 degrees over in the corner just stick your thumb in your mouth like Tom thumb and like that like I said
And you'll feel like you're right at home
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line and then ashamed that we're here in that most of living and breathing people
They're out of time around vacation. They having a great time
In fact some nice lady I know a pop it a park last night was telling me when I got there about how she just came back from North Carolina
And I hate to admit this because you're the one that's always shopping up there where that house you got up there
But she was telling me how great it is and she's from Ontario Canada
No people now she was telling me it's just fantastic and how polite everybody is and friendly and I said oh, yeah
Just like here
560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line just we got only 57 minutes to go if I give those numbers what
172 times we can get right up to the top of the yard right up until Jim Mandage time
Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, did I hear correctly that the Panthers are getting a new announcer and if so I heard I thought it was
Someone coming out from the Long Island Islanders from the White from the White Islanders. Yeah, that's right
I'm yeah
Are we getting a new announcer and if so is a TV or radio radio? Oh goodbye Chris
Good bye Chris. He's been gone. There's been months that we knew he wasn't coming back. Yeah, but I didn't know I think it's got a bad hemorrhid too
Yes, but I don't know who this guy is is replacing could you film me in a little bit? His name is James McDonald's or he's 60 years old
He doesn't look like a day over 90. He's boring. He's monotonous. He's terminal. What are they all time worse? Does that answer your question? Oh boy
That's not good and I'd like to say okay get a new phone
I would make some comment about it sounded like he was calm to water, but these days that would be in very poor taste
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami
Okay back to you
Here's another mobile in North Miami Beach hello hello Neil. Yes, sir
Hi
Two things I wanted a mention today. I couldn't believe it this morning when I saw a US naval ship
Was being used to bury can of the you know was this first kind of these issues. Yeah number two moving on. Yes
You know, uh number two
The cost of that moving along. Yes. Okay, and the other one is the recovery as a recovering drug addict would like 12 years
Clean. You know, I've heard you discuss the God cause that many times
And you know my higher power is not God. Yeah, it's good orderly direction
You know, uh, whatever works for you man if it works for you more power to you higher lower in between
You know, it obviously does it does not necessarily religiously at all. Yeah
You know, it's just another crux like religion, but it's just a different one
If it works for you, uh, it stays over
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello
Neil yes, sir. How you doing? Oh, I changed my mind
No, just kidding
Listen, uh, you're gonna have to have you know how fast my finger is man
I've got to listen by you. This is good. I just came from the bank. Okay. It correct me if I'm wrong
But for the last few weeks over the radio and the TV they've been saying turn in your pennies
Well, your pennies are saying to the bank and turn them in
Correct, I never heard that. Where have they been saying that?
It's been going on if they want you to turn any pennies is
See something on CNN about that. There's a shortage of them and people will be in all these crap loads of pennies
Yeah, it just doesn't top it off. I rolled 50 hours with the pennies just just to do my part turn in the pennies
$60 to the bank and you know they told me
They charge they're gonna charge me 20 cents per roll to process them. Yeah, and they're already rolled and everything
20 cents per roll that that's a little bit ridiculous, isn't it?
So 20 cents per what?
For the role for the banks to take the pennies they suggest that in the take them
They're gonna charge me 20 cents per roll. I argue with the guy's 50 minutes to find out why and he couldn't give me a good reason why
Just that's what it was. I would tell him
That's what I would tell him. I really wanted to tell you what but uh search tries to take your money. That's nice
Yeah, yeah, you get 30 cents on the roll. I hope you didn't I hope he didn't do that
No, I walked out here. I said something. I told you guys go to hell. Let's take that good job. Okay
We'll take him over here even Steven. Okay
I mean won't give me anything for but we'll take him
Yeah, just everybody bring your pennies to QAM. We'll take him you won't get anything at all in return
We'll even roll him for you
Just bring him in jars being him in barrels with no care bring all the pennies you got
Because we got to pay John Henry we got to pay Wayne
We got to pay through the nose man just to keep all this and now we got to pay the Huracun's too
Don't forget about that
So we can put all this horseball crap on the video and pretend the Greg Reed is a broadcaster. That's what we got to do
So bring your pennies and bring your dimes and your dollars and your wooden nickels a lot of people don't want wooden nickels
We'll take them
No problem at all
Fort Lauderdale, hello
William Kittie you're a douchebag
5670560 pound five 60 on the 18t line. Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, how's it going buddy? It's good great. I've just come out of Miami against my car washed in the pouring down rain
I think I said I go out of the doctor damn go out of the shrink but anyway go ahead
Yeah, hey
Just let you know that I'm bailing out of my season ticket group
You like that 10 games bailing out because uh this
Organization's making no commitment keep hearing the song in advance and
Gene Hart's gonna broadcast the games from his grave next season be better in jiggs next time. I'll tell you that
And so anyway, I have a lot of it. They decided to call it joint on the bad wagon and uh
To everybody in South wire your favorite douchebag. That's a good way to see
Just I think it's the perfect example of queer. What is his purpose for his new show or his ugly show
He uses that wood rectum every five minutes
Reckon his brain is
He's never going to get past the self-sort of audience because that the town and the people that he's always complaining about
The only fools that would give him any time of day
Eventually his rainfall drops so low you have to read justice rectum
Reckon
Is the pouring is person that you'll ever view
Yes
We can take him anymore know what's for boring then vice president alcohol
You
No
You stuck with him then one hour seems like
The story is the pouring is person that you'll ever view
Yes
You
too
Only lowest问 one word and then him
Another
Asian Guis infinite
You
The pouring test he's out.
The pouring is first and that you'll ever feel.
What is it about that great linebacker for the Vikings?
I'm Boy, he's something.
114, you know Jeff Poppovich.
Though 114 is 560 WQAM.
We have a couple of open lines.
If you want to participate, the number is...
Okay, let's go to a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I'm calling for Miami about this penny sale tax.
Yes, sir.
I'm a little bit confused about it.
It's a little bit complicated.
I'll make it very simple for you.
Just keep one word in mind.
No.
And that word will keep going through your head over and over again.
No.
Yeah.
I'll make it really easy.
No.
Because as far as I'm concerned, I'm thinking about it.
As far as toll taxes go, when we use the pills, it is tax deductible, but taxes aren't told deductible.
So why isn't anybody bringing that up as a point?
Right.
That's all I have to say.
Thanks for giving me the time to talk to you.
Just say.
No.
Please.
No.
Over and over again.
No.
Just keep thinking that.
No.
I don't want to be negative, but five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, look at the bright side of the JFK situation.
Can you picture what would be going on right now if he's being buried next week?
Oh.
I'm telling you something.
Oh.
That's the thing.
I want to tell you, you know, during the...
You have to choose, bury him the next day.
The glory?
The glory?
During this last commercial break, I flipped over for the first time since I sat down here this morning.
To CNN, because I can't stand.
Oh, yeah.
Guess what?
He's on the...
He's on the film beach, which is on the flip side of the scene that we're seeing here.
Off Woods Hole, Massachusetts.
And there's the ship out there in the water, the same picture they've had on.
I guess, inside, came into this morning.
And they just won't give it up.
They will not let go.
You know, on top of that, I was thinking, where's Haraldo's been to all this?
Okay, last night I'm home, surfing the TV.
Yeah.
And sure enough, there's Haraldo with a cup with one or two carers, one or two carers
that's talking about how well the bodies they preserved under water.
I mean, that's what they're talking about, you know, me...
That's tasteful, yeah.
You're very tasteful.
But I'm just saying, you know, thank God it's trying to be like a weak swarth, right?
But if he's getting buried next Thursday, we should be the third day of the party.
I'd have to leave the country.
I'd have to go on vacation again.
I'm top, top.
I'm going to take you to shoot some crap to do something, please.
Okay, pal.
All right.
See ya.
We can stay here and get all the crap we want right there on CNN.
Kennedy.
Confondent.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
If there's any person listening to me right now who doesn't think that this whole media circuit
that's going on is one of the sickest things in the history of the human race, then we're going
to get you an instant group rental of bottoming.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
You know, how you doing?
Okay.
All right.
Another little spin on this.
The one thing that kind of takes me off is the fact that if you just been a regular old guy,
this wouldn't have gotten 30 seconds on the newscast.
All right.
But it had been me and my family come up today.
Well, I know that.
You know, if I didn't show up, then we know that.
Well, you know, give them three days.
They'll show up.
All right.
Another thing.
With the Panthers, the fact that the arena is not, you know, tax funded.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
POP 5, 60.
There seem to be a lot of these people having like a change of heart like a mid sentence, you know.
Basically because they have nothing to say they don't know what they're talking about.
That certainly, isn't it?
No.
Here's my me.
Sure.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've lived in South Florida for four years.
I've had enough that I can, is more than I can stand.
Hmm.
I'm moving to LA.
Really?
I'm wondering if you know if Phil Hendry is still on the air out there.
Of course.
What?
Are you sure?
KFI.
KFI.
Uh-huh.
I'll look for him.
I'm sure going to miss your show, but not much else from down here.
Okay.
Good luck, pal.
Thanks.
So I had all those, uh, orientals.
I'm sorry, Asians.
Learn to speak of yet in the me's.
It'll come in real handy for you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What a great place that used to be out there, by the way.
Oh, man.
That was, that was some kind of a place.
Used to be.
Of course, Singh could be said about here.
Here's a mobile in Tompano.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I just, a couple things.
There's a few people who are most of the majority who are just overwhelmed and overextremed
and just being ridiculous about it.
But there's a few people like myself who are in the middle who don't make these, you know,
wise jokes.
But we love Bobby.
We did.
You know, he, we thought he was going to change the world or change our country at the time.
We love JFK.
We love what he wanted to do for civil rights.
And we, we missed that legacy in part of it.
And it doesn't mean that we're in it or idiots or schmucks or whatever.
But there's a, there's a middle ground here.
Sir, so there's not a middle ground.
There's no middle ground.
Either you have, put this in its proper perspective or you get off.
And no, you're not putting it, it had nothing to do with Bobby.
I know.
It would have, the whole thing he held out or JFK.
And I just, I don't know what Bobby, we're taught what?
I mean, do, do you remember when Bobby was running?
Did, did, did, did I have a feeling?
Did, do you ever get that excitement?
I, sir, I went on here yesterday and talked at Great Length about watching the PBS special
two nights ago at 10 o'clock.
I didn't see the first part Monday.
I saw the last two hours, which was about the sun.
I was a big Kennedy fan that has nothing to do with this.
It's an accident.
We've had all kinds of accidents in the Kennedy family.
And people have died prematurely.
And the media hasn't done it to a friend of you.
I was, John Kennedy Jr. had nothing to do with what you're talking about in any way, shape or form.
We don't know.
He was an unimportant person.
As of now, he was, but we don't know what, what have happened, Neil.
Meaning, well, what, sir, you talk about being in the middle ground.
You need serious help.
I don't know what I want to have.
I just, because his name was Kennedy, he was, he was a, nothing.
He was a zero.
It was an active stupidity what he did.
I'm not talking about the air.
I'm talking about what I was.
Forget about flying around.
And again, if a man makes a great judgment like that, he sure is how would have made a great senator or great president.
Maybe he could have driven somebody off the bridge.
What are you talking about?
Neil, I was just part of it.
I can't.
Sir, you, you need to get therapy.
Okay, please.
I'm going to say goodbye, get you some help, get, get, get, what you need is to have a whole
portion of, you know, maybe you can go to that place where they send rosemary, you know, with the shock treatments.
Electro shock therapy.
I'm not a big advocate of a sure it's a barbaric thing, but in your case, it might not hurt.
You just don't want to let go.
It's gone.
We're not talking about something that happened five minutes ago or five years ago or even ten years ago.
We're talking about stuff from the distant past.
I was a young man.
I remember it all like it happened yesterday.
It brought tears to my eyes again when I watched the Tuesday night, but you know something I can't wallow in all that stuff the rest of my life.
And John Kennedy, the idea like I said yesterday, they don't have some kind of a factory where they keep stamping out Kennedy Messiahs where a new savior pops up every five or ten years.
It doesn't happen.
Oh, what he could have been.
Yeah, and we could have been another one of the idol rich who put out a magazine that would have gone out of business because it was losing money hand over a fist.
That's what it would have been.
And the idea that just because somebody is born into a family that they have some kind of a this man sounds just like Joe Kennedy.
You know, we got a legacy here for two terms for John, two terms for Bobby, two terms for Teddy, two terms for John Jr.
And let's just have royalty here like they do in England that were always laughing at him and rightfully so.
We don't want that.
That's what separates this country.
We don't have a king and a queen. We got a lot of queens, but we don't have a queen that we worship down to.
And fairy princesses and all this other bull crap.
And that's what you want. That's what you're living in.
You're stuck in a time warp and you don't want to get out.
I'm not going to let my life get all wrapped up in his crap from 30 years ago, 36 years ago.
Yeah, it was wonderful.
To have some hope, but you know what?
They wiped out the hopes. They have to be a realist. You have to live in a real world now instead of living in some kind of a fantasy land.
God almighty. Somebody's going to break the news to this guy that Santa Claus doesn't really exist and he's really going to fall apart.
What's he going to do then?
Oh, I can't wait for that day. I can imagine what that call is going to be like.
Yeah, that's what it's going to be.
He's in the middle ground. See, I told you he wasn't in the middle ground. I knew right off the bat.
The way he started bringing in about Bobby and Jeff.
What is that got to do with this?
How about one David Kennedy died of the drug overdose up there in a hotel in the Palm Beach County?
Did we ever get one call from people talking about the Kennedy legacy when that happened?
No.
North Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, John, I think you were right at the beginning of your show. It's just not worth talking about.
Oh, it's just wearing the out.
Wearing it's killing me. I mean, there's nothing else these people want to talk about. I realize it's the middle of summer.
It's 400 degrees. It's boring as hell. There's nothing going on here. But Jesus, this is just unbelievable.
Bobby and John.
And you know something like I said before, if you want to be objective about it and look at how they all got there in the first place
and what a son of a bitch, the old man was and all the goddamn bootlegging money that made their fortune in the first place, let's be honest about it.
It was like a mafia family.
That's what they were. I wanted many Godfather movies, I think.
I wanted to bring up the cigar legislation.
Please, please. I'm ready to bring up my lunch and I haven't even had one yet.
Have you heard of a brand called Mars Tetans or Tetans? I don't know if they pronounce it.
No, don't say teats on the air circle.
I know, I know. I'm trying to be careful about this.
No, this guy puts on every box and every package of cigars that he sells, the word toxic, and then he's got this calling crossbones.
And then it says smoke this and you will die or smoke this and die.
Right.
And he sells like crazy because the people that buy cigars that are old enough to buy cigars, they know, hey, look, it's not good for you.
But you know, hey, you do it in moderation and you act like a human being and like a normal person.
One thing I promise you that if you smoke cigars, you'll die. If you don't smoke cigars, you'll still die.
Can you imagine how much money the taxpayers will save if everybody puts that on their boxes?
And they don't have to worry about this California law and the other law and the other law and the other law and sticking all that on their soul.
Anyway, that's what I had.
Nobody's taking my stokies away from me, man.
I'm smoking right now.
All right.
I have stokies too.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
If we finally had somebody who's got something important to talk about, that's a good cigar.
This man's got his priorities right.
Let's hear it for this guy.
Finally, three hours and 25 minutes later.
And where's all the women out there?
They're probably over my aunt's house sweeping about poor John Jr.
They're probably counting the number of particles that throw it in the sea there.
Okay.
Okay.
Here's the ash number one.
I'm surprised they're not, they don't have people diving after that.
Of course, it's kind of hard once the ash is going to water.
You know what I'm saying?
Kind of hard to bring it back like the pieces of the Berlin wall.
Taki, tasteless, disgusting, rotesque, voyeuristic, I mean just gruesome, morbid.
This is morbid.
And you people at CNN, man, I've got news for you.
People are disgrace.
You're like a laughing stock.
It's like when you're sent a hyperventilating bitch to Cuba.
When the pope was there, that Christiana Amman pulled with that phony accent she puts on.
That was sitting there sucking the pope's robes with the disgusting.
No wonder he looked so damn worn out.
Between Fidel and her, it was a question of who is the doing the most of the sucking.
You know what I'm saying?
God.
There's no fact in the church.
Yeah.
Thank God.
Speaking of that, by the way, there's a new showing time that opened this weekend at the drama center called
Naked Boy Singing.
It's a must see.
George is going to go see it.
Or you know, a huge success in LA for more than a year and a half.
It opened simultaneously off Broadway in New York as well as in South Florida to rave reviews.
So what the hell does George know?
Naked Boy Singing is an outrageous new musical review revolving around naked guys.
What do you say to that?
Oh, right.
I know he'd like it.
Fastic.
Munchasm.
Enchrazyma.
Smegma.
Severia.
Serraya.
They can all be attributed to the harmful effect of smoking cigarettes.
Hello.
I'm William Talbot.
Perhaps you'll remember me as Hamilton Burger.
Raymond Burr's adversary on every nation.
And now I'm dead.
So take it from me.
Get the habit and you won't wind up like I did.
Don't smoke and you'll never die.
Never.
This message paid for by the Millicent Dance High Smoking Committee for immortality.
Damn it.
Hey, anybody got a life?
No.
132 at 560 WQM.
Don't forget if you smoke a lot, you're going to die.
If you don't smoke at all, you're still going to die.
And what about that booze I was talking about yesterday?
It's supposed to be good for diabetics.
I forgot to call about that.
Yeah, that's what we need somebody to bring us some good non-fruity wine.
Huh?
I don't know anything about wine.
I'm not going to pretend it was something about it.
I don't.
Something that wouldn't send my blood sugar scar,
rocking like a drink or glass a day, I haven't looked to be 400.
That would be great until I light up this cigar when I go out.
Oh, don't tell my mother I was smoking a cigar.
That'll be the next thing while she's rummaging through my trash.
That only will she find a Snickers wrapper.
She'll also probably find a wrapper for one of these cigars,
for one of these great nixigars.
So better watch where I throw my wrappers.
Here's Pemberer Pine.
Tell her.
Hey, how you doin' today, Neil?
All right, man.
I wanted to see if I can make you a cart for all those that are really lost today
that they have spent on holds for what?
four and a half minutes ten and a half minutes yeah and they go uh...
forget it
yeah not bad
yeah well how about let me see if I can do a real one okay
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty one he said forget it
and i said why not
pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line gym and it's a beer twenty seven minutes
thank god for that
the brilliance the uh... vociferous the uh... hysterical
gym and it's will be here to rattle his spear and hockey with sports
china between two and six
i wish them all a lot of the world they'll tell you that this is uh... this
time of the years just it's unacceptable it's just there ought to be a law
passed to prohibit this time of the year in this town
unacceptable
getting worse each and every year worse and worse
here's a mobile in north lotterdale hello
hey nil did you see the story in the sunset no today
about the uh... what the docs
priest
in russia
no
you would love it
you know absolutely love it
this guy apparently drunkenness is not a problem with the church because
many people it's many of the priesthood a drug
yeah but this guy is good to keep the some some of the economy going right
but this guy was not only
he was shaking down other priests for money
in order to do various uh...
administrative tours he was like the head of the quarter dot search the head
guy and the head yeah exactly the head man
and he was
wildly overtly openly homosexual
so they finally would become a tremendous embarrassment and uh...
they got rid of my foot you like it because
as you know uh... from your uh... button there
there's a fact in the church exactly that exactly what i was going to say
there are no facts of the church
so let me uh... ring up by saying
don't go help
from
hamster dot
okay
i'll still believe
whatever that means
five six seven oh five well hey now where am i going to learn dutch
our good friend professor jack over there that fire you he teaches six languages
including a paviano
but uh...
no say out of the dot jockey
gotta be some tapes or something that's a very difficult language if you ever
seen it in print
i'll bring you up and have a little squiggly all over the top of the letters
and now that's your thing like finishes like that and uh...
the special easy to print in the inish and Swedish they have like little
lines to be always and stuff like that
no it doesn't have squiggly lines but it's just uh... i don't know make no sense
to me at all
i know hit here
that means the weather
what else do i know maybe ten words in that like maybe uh... no i know that
one
here's uh... my me hello
they know yes sir
uh... i believe you're sure it's supposed to be a family show why do you just
go out of the office of the issue
so it's not supposed to be a family show
i mean you're supposed to be a little bit of entertaining show once i
asked for like you get online it's easy to be very entertaining so i have to
press the button and say
pop up up up up up up up to you okay
it's not supposed to be a family show
it's an entertainment show
either like it or you don't like it take it or leave it and in your case
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's a lot of you hello
i think you're so happy that when you have fantastic
yeah
it's not my first watch you too
and it was a glorious
i keep winds in over it over again
yeah
you keep winded okay well wind up one more time and maybe something will happen
this time
score score
and i doubt it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line what i
tell you about those people those of us left here in this time at this time
of the year huh
were the losers were the sad sacks were the unlucky bunch
but of course i have many more vacations before the years out thank god
and we just keep looking to counter it and yet not that far off
all right
here's a lady in adventure hello
hello yes man
hi
meal i really enjoy your show i move from the truthy and
and after he was turned for so many years if if if if a big change for me and i
really enjoyed
great
yes i know i want to tell you something highly unappreciated by these ungrade
full bastards here too by the way
i just thought i'd mention it sounds
i said that's how you're doing
well i want to tell you about people with accent like me
yes
in in this country since i moved from a new jersey and do you know you don't have
a new jersey accent no no for the for of course not
but i'm so mad at at all the immigrants from South America and Central America
because they don't make the effort to speak in the
the speak in english that's right exactly what i have an accent and i'm working on
that
but here you did everybody
you know like we can like we suppose to speak Spanish
come on we're in america speaking with guys that's right amen were you from
from a city of jantina my grandfather
or in t
i wish yeah
and and i remember your grandfather was iris to hear lady nazis by the way in
argentina
yeah that was quite a few
uh... that
yeah
but uh... but anyway is what i hear
i said uh... hell it hurts a hell of a place
yeah it's nice it's different
way not i think
way not i think yes
is different and uh... for sure a lot of our shantinians
i hear in your your program because you great
let me ask you because when i was in burlin they have a lot of those argentinian
stake houses you know
yeah and i noticed that they brand some of the uh... cattle down there were like
a little tiny swastika you have to look very closely but it's kind of interesting
not that not the influence of the thought over in argentina
well they might be called but you know anyway i'm the shaterian that mean
very well i have to say for a little
okay well uh...
i can't believe i'm talking to you
uh... you make my day and you make my day every day when i'm cleaning my house
i have a high five
when you made my day sweet argue the first rational person i've spoken to all day
and god bless you
well i'm not i'm not a religious person
well i don't mean i don't mean i just mean
god bless you that one
i have a great day sweet art i really like it
okay
and watch out for martin boreman he's making a comeback
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-lifes
pompadopark i want thirty five dollars last night
i've reached one over a hundred
i was already give most of what is early winners were back but we had a good time
always have a good time at pompadopark so my good friend mark low up there last
night how you doing mark
we live extraordinary
we live extraordinary
we spoil our kids
and treat our own our wife
and we always drinking at a good meal
for
met a few girls
hit drove them home in the car
we're just very horny Kennedy guy
very horny Kennedy guy
very horny Kennedy guy
very horny Kennedy guy
very horny Kennedy guy
what tried to get away i changed her to the art
she feels some stupid food
it made me so hard
i got a good time to go to the center with this man
tell where outside the wall
he tries to come
and we're just very horny Kennedy guy
oh right
we're just very horny Kennedy guy
very horny Kennedy guy
i'm really less than
this week i just haven't told them what they wanted to hear
that guy that called about 20 minutes ago
he just was defrosting on the cake
that was one of the most
and i don't think he was kidding either
i think he was serious
do you believe it was if it was a put on
please send me a note
put it in a bottle
maybe it will float up to the acres but it's kind of hard
but nevertheless
i mean that guy
well i remember Bobby
and well
you know see this is what happens
when you allow yourself to get compartmentalized and labeled
you must never ever
ever allow yourself to be part of a group
you must not be a baby boomer
a generation exer
a generation ex-lachser
and all this other media created crap
it's insanity
just a notion that because you were born in a particular year
and lived your life during a particular era
means that you adopted certain attitudes
and behavior
it is ridiculous
but this guy is one of those
professional baby boomers
who watched that stupid movie too many times
what's that was in that awful movie
where they had the reunion in the world
the big chill
this guy he is the big chill
you know something pal
you need to take a chill is what you need to do
if you got the music
oh it's versions
all right
you're living in a time warp
okay and guess what
it wasn't so great
you know nostalgia is just an incredible thing
what the human mind will do
always thinking back
oh yeah it was so much better than
it was so much better here
yeah right
here we go
time to chill out baby
big time
so
chill
oh i'm sure
big chill
yeah how many chill out
oh come on great glad it's whatever you need
oh it's marvel
I thought i read it couldn't tell
but just a second i thought it was going to be glad it's not
but it was marvel
i caught it just in time
here's Lake Worth hello
yes sir
John and Lake Worth
how you doing John
finally here's a rational person
John and Lake Worth that's two this hour
yeah i didn't want to let you down
i'm on vacation i figured i'd give you a shout
you're on vacation and you're here
three mile in my house
okay
before i forget tonight on biography
they have uh... joe kennedy
i know you said you're a fan at that show
so they're doing the thing on him last night
they had a two hour special and jad kay
tonight's all about his father it was excellent
i really don't need any more jfk
i saw the one on public television to do that
i mean i've read the books
about both assassinations have read more books
than probably all the audience put together about
all their lives about the assassinations
you know what let me
this is i've been meaning to every time i call it
i never mentioned this but
what i think you know the media is all whipped up
you know and you go on and on about that
the thing is you know when you were
let's say in your 20s
it was what maybe three tv stations
couple of major newspapers and that was it
now we have so much media
oh sure they got 24 hours in a envelope
you've got all these all news outlets
msnbc and vk
news tnn
not only does the american public
which you've also mentioned
just love the gore and they love things like the channel seven and everything
but these people these media
the newspapers and the tv and the radio
and this and that
they all have to find a different angle in which to report
otherwise they're all saying the same thing
yeah so not only
they have to cater to the american people
to like things like this
and the oj trial and so on and so forth
but everybody has to look for a different
but you know something as
as ponderous as it was in some ways
and as much as a lot of the
how's what especially just turned their lives
over to it at least the oj thing
was captivating in many ways
it was like a it was like a soap opera
you know what? but this thing is a human tragedy
it's an accident
we have people die in accidents every day
and this is a morbid thing
well of course granted
but the thing is that you know
you actually
okay his sister Caroline
she just wrote a book
okay the reason you haven't seen her around
and she hasn't made any public statement
is because she's anti-media
as a matter of fact she just wrote a book
i don't remember the name of it
but it's about the media and how they've made their life
of living hell yeah and that's why she's a recluse
that's why she doesn't want anything to do
that she's completely sick of it
now the media knows this already
okay they know about the book
they know how much she can
and jfk jr could not stand the media
and they were following her router
she was at her bicycle yesterday
they have absolutely no respect
for people
no of course not
and you know what she's trying to ride her bike
and people how could she ride her bike
well you know what what she's supposed to not live her life
now that her brother is dead
i mean just back off don't photograph
they can't do that
and that's the thing is there's just too much god damn media
in the country and everybody
you know the classic example this is
you remember when mark maguire the whole thing
with the supposed steroids
okay that reporter
went into this guy's locker
snooping around
right because he was just like my mother
went into my garbage
his father stick his head
everybody was reporting on the same thing
he's in the hall run race with sosa
well this one guy
you know everybody saying the same thing
but he wanted to try and find something different
so he went into the guys locker
and that's my point
is the point is that everybody there's so much media
everybody saying the same exact thing
that everybody has to dig a little bit deeper to find something
a little bit deeper to find something
but it's not going to change
it's only going to get worse because the competition is getting more and more fierce
I mean they're still on his woods hole messages
they've had that same shot on there
now on CNN
and cousin William Kennedy Smith
the other thing
the point is that most of these people
I too
about four years ago I went cold turkey
and I said look I am not going to watch channel 7 news anymore
and I have not probably about four years
because it's hypnotic actually
to watch that
because you actually
you actually look for more misery
more and more misery
and I finally I just snapped out of it
and I said that that's not going to happen
people wanted
well that's just it is all you have
all the people are called make fun of rick sanchez
and are decrying what they're doing
they're all watching
and how could they know what he's doing if they're not watching
and that's just it you know
you they're not kidding anybody
you know people love this
you said it for years and years and years
people actually get off on this stuff
sure they do
on other people's misery
and you know what if people
would actually just turn off the TV
change the child
or just not read about certain things
eventually the press
would actually
in this case
like I said John you're deluding yourself
okay I mean your intentions are good
but you're it ain't going to happen
well on a closing of
I have no life
that's the problem
is there any
look
Chris Moore is gone
I mean anybody
was better than him
marginally you'll find out
see you John
bye
