We're not so far.
We're playing 43560 WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
It's a fun and gentle call.
A new six-legged hero 560 toll-free for date and brand new 4.560 on your cell phone.
The appearance of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show did not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
and easily read acquisitions for the beastly broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
So speaking of the quality of the first team show this morning, I'm going to tell you the last couple hours,
especially the part with Brian Murray.
That was a two-hour blow-jaw.
What a suck-up job that look.
That's it, you have to stop.
That's it, you have to stop.
That's it, you have to stop.
Watch the guy.
Let's play 2-1.
Sounds good to me.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I'm pretty good at it.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
I think it's our professional perspective on where we are.
People like this Lou guy that called five minutes ago.
The second last call on the worst team this morning.
The second last call on the worst team this morning.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
Who needs a lobotomy and the guys are right about that.
You know, and if we couldn't carry Phil Schoel live,
let's have a take, put three hours, four hours of Phil Henry in there, from six to ten.
Phenomenal, are you sure positive?
I mean, can't match Joseph Gackie, but you've got to understand,
this is a station for neurotic sports nerds.
See, that's one of the reasons, I mean, forget that this is in the hockey town
and this one in the rounder Succon Brian Murray's Bud.
That was a two-hour blow to, I mean, it was unbelievable.
But the good news is, I come to work this morning, I'm turning the corner
and I'm wondering to myself, because I'm listening, I was lucky enough in between CDs
to catch the whole thing, and I'm wondering, am I going to be lucky enough to see Brian
to she the spokesman when I come into the building?
I walk into building, I punch the elevator button, the elevator opens up,
it's the spokesman and my good buddy Mike Hanson from the organization.
Now, let me just say this first of all, I like Brian Murray personally.
If it's not personal, he's a good guy.
I have no problem with him personally.
His brother's an asshole, but that's, you know, I can't blame him for that.
Although he did bring him in here, but he'll be gone soon.
And my Hanson's a good guy, he brought me a, you know, he's okay, never still afraid, train.
And we show cans, although not as enthusiastic about handshake as I got from Murray
Whitney on the plane the other night, and not nearly as erotic.
But, you know, there was a handshake, a little, a couple of humorous lines
and they waddled out the door and that was it.
But I heard that, I mean, that was an unbelievable sucks job again.
So, I hear any conversation about that.
Of course not, because you see, first of all, discussing, you have to have hockey fans,
which we don't have. And number two, you'd have to have people who could really discuss it,
because they had an interest in it.
These people aren't really interested in football, or Tony Martin, or Dan Marino, or Jimmy Johnson.
This is a substitute for a life.
These are neurotic, no life people.
Because there's no way, if you could hear the things that they were calling up and discussing
with Joe Zagaki last night, I'm serious.
Everybody in this audience would pull off the road right now if you're in your car and cry.
There would be a too hanky job, easy.
And you'd have to wonder, are these set-up calls, are these real people?
Are they living and breeding people who really care about these things?
Or serious?
Oh, guess what you didn't do.
I know that's one, but...
Yeah, that's right. Well, that's good.
Didn't reboot the phone.
We're only here about 100 hours ahead of time every morning, but we keep forgetting that after...
We have to dittle around with Greg Reed's horse ball equipment every day to try to make it work, to make the phone work.
See, so right off the bat we're up against it.
I don't think they have to do it in there, but in here for some...
No, they have a tell us, like we used to have at the other place at IOD.
I beg your pardon?
They had the tell us brand, always worked, all the time.
They had a real phone system for the sports people, and we got this piece of crap gettner.
Which sucks, and their attitude is really surly, by the way.
Who management or gettner? Both.
How do you like that?
I never knew that. Now that now the plot thickens, baby.
So not only do the sports people get whatever they want.
They do all these shows on the ISD and $50 billion worth of phone bills.
That's no problem.
We not only can't get a gott at 800 lines for the highest rated show on a radio station.
We got a piece of crap phone system, and they got a tell us in there that works.
That they don't have to reboot every day just to put a guy in phone call on the air.
How do you like that? That's what we got from Gregory Reed, besides a pilot crap and a bunch of lies.
So let me emphasize again, Greg Reed's nice and his phone system.
That even... even a radio shack would be too embarrassed to pedal it.
What does that tell you? They wouldn't touch it with your hand.
And you're talking about putting a non-sports show on here.
Does that show you how far you've lost contact with reality? What's going on around here?
This is a sports bar with a microphone somebody once told me, Mr.
This isn't a goddamn radio station. This is a place for sports junkies for no-life nerds
who want to find out about that guy who plays a tight end for the Vikings.
And if he's going to be any good when he gets out in five years,
you better get your priorities straightened out, Mr.
and at the Demetrius Underwood, I'm going to tell you, he never stole a freight train in Michigan State.
Maybe a cabooster tube in no freight train.
10 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM, anybody interested in that hockey interview with Brian Murray?
No, well I am, I'll talk about it. In fact, I might do a hockey show today.
Just got a protest because I'm so glad they fired up a pistol.
He doesn't care.
How about you just do that? I doubt it though.
A lot of cells, you're so big.
All right.
By the way, I hate to break the news here, but you know Jennifer,
take a look what often I could cry. She is a loser.
You had not a sweet dream.
I mean ugly.
I could come there with my every and every movie.
With your big high.
It's a person I'd love would not could be done.
And would this only be coming on the world?
You could look at my room.
Tell me if it was tonight.
Would I be the star of the movie outside?
Then look at me.
And all they see.
Now you're not the me.
They want to grab it.
I'll get it.
You have a lover.
You have a lover.
Then I'll be with the baby.
And we will have more cash with a bigger,
shaped me as a princess.
You'll be with my baby.
If you have my lover, you have a lover.
I hate to break the news here, but she was one of those who definitely,
if she was smart, which evidently she is smart,
as she thinks she is, should never have allowed them to put on that making of a video on MTV.
Because last night at 1030 on MTV, I watched an amazement in astonishment
that she is a really skanky broad.
Now if you watched TRL last night, by the way,
does anybody can anybody tell me who the guest host were on TRL last night?
As Carson must be on the cable.
Hey Carson, that's what we don't like you.
But don't come back anytime soon.
Nick and Jeff from 98 degrees with a guest host last night and did a great job.
Sensational job.
Nice going, Nick.
But at any rate, they had Christina Aguilera on it.
It's not Aguilera, by the way, Jeff, but nevertheless, he's going, you know.
But they had her on.
She is just as scabby as I thought she was.
She is really ugly.
And I'm not saying you got to look great to be a good singer,
but of course most of the videos now, as you know, are done with hot-looking young people
who supposedly are really hot numbers,
or at least made up to look real hot, like Jennifer Lopez.
Even George admitted very rooffully this morning that she is grotesque, bad.
I mean, they had her on there without the makeup.
And I'm going to tell you she is on a scale of 10.
I give her about a four.
I'm being generous, maybe a three and a half.
She really is.
She's bad.
And doesn't have large, gigantic melons or anything else to go for except they have
doth her up and again through the miracle of electronics.
They've, um, please don't even, don't do that once today.
Please, I'm begging you.
I can't.
I'm going to be so neurotic if I see you do that even once.
Don't do it.
Just doing the register thing.
I know.
That's what I'm saying.
Don't do it.
I don't care.
I don't even care anymore.
I'm just, you know, I'm just hanging on for like two more days.
You know what I'm saying?
I know, but they don't care.
I don't care.
You have no idea.
I don't care.
I do.
No, stop caring.
Stop here.
I want you to say it.
I don't care.
It's like the Chinese saying I don't care.
I don't care.
Okay.
They just say it again.
I don't care.
I'm going to destroy them.
Good.
I'm fired.
Yeah.
Say I don't care.
Please say it.
I don't care.
WQAN.
Yeah, cold able cell phone.
Yes, sir.
Let's go to crawlgables on the cell phone.
Hello.
I don't know.
Okay, sir.
Yeah, well, total request line.
Also, girl Christina Aguila was there, right?
Gross.
Yeah, she was.
She's better than Jennifer Lopez, though.
I would agree with you on that.
I mean, she's got that beaky chickeny nose,
and she's got real scrawny arms and little tiny chicken fingers.
But she's better than Jennifer.
It's better than Jennifer.
What a bitter disappointment.
That's what the man must have been.
Well, every time she's Jennifer, whatever show it is,
she's always with thinking.
Even if it's like in a little closed suit studio,
I don't know why.
If you lip things.
She can't sing for crap.
She doesn't look good at all.
She's really pretty scabby looking.
But they have managed to take her.
I guess that must be a Puerto Rican thing.
They forget to work for Ricky Martin.
We'll get a bunch of Puerto Ricans in dollum up
and it'll work for them.
And guess what?
They hit the frickin jackpot, you know?
Again.
It's funny because she tries to be so articulate.
But you know, when she's off camera, she talks like this.
Yeah, you know.
And George mentioned that because you've got that anti-Portarican.
Like a real bronzed Puerto Rican, yeah.
Really?
I think that switch, she'll think of that switch plate
and cut your ass.
I think she might, if we keep talking like this.
Now you got to admit Nick and Jeff from 98 degrees
did a great job last night.
Oh yeah, of course.
I think that's your own, yeah.
I'm out of material.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, there's a guy who's taught TRL.
And by the way, number three last night in the counter
was Tom Green and the bum bum song,
which I got it on tape.
I should have put it on.
I could say, well, that would kill some good times
because it goes on forever.
It is so long.
And I'm really, really funny to be honest with you,
compared to all the other stuff Tom Green does.
But nevertheless, he told you he said,
vote for the bum bum song.
And they did.
Number three, first week gone.
Just bring the tape.
We'll put it in from the tape, save a generation.
There you go.
Okay.
Yeah, because you want to see all the good stuff on it.
Oh yeah.
Probably 98 degrees.
Now you watch, we're going to get a lot of great calls here today.
Just to prove that Joseph Gackie doesn't get all the calls
on this radio station that people can actually
discuss other things.
Now you notice, by the way,
and let me just say this to you,
I know that a lot of people out there,
especially if Dan Marino's name is mentioned,
they start doing cartwheel, they get very emotional,
they start breathing heavily.
Because this town is basically, like I told you before,
as far as so-called sports people.
If Danny, this, and Jimmy, that, and Jimmy, this, and that,
and you know something, you can just pass out from it.
We know that your roses got four.
Dan Marino blow up bells.
Just in case any of the first three, you know,
blow out, so to speak.
But it's terminal.
They have this thing.
It's called a character witness.
You know, when somebody is on trial for like a serious felony,
they have to bring in character witnesses.
It wasn't just invented yesterday here in Miami.
I know that may come as a great shock to some of the sports
nerds out there who are listening now,
even though they wouldn't want to admit it.
I know that would come as a tremendous shock to you.
But they do bring in people.
Don't do it as character witnesses.
I can't, if you're going to do it, I have to have blindfold.
I can't, I couldn't stand seeing it again.
Do what?
Whatever you're going to do on that phone,
with those idiots.
You don't understand.
Yeah, do the reporting to Southern Bell.
You don't understand.
I can't, I can't between now and Thursday after 12, 30 on Thursday,
pretend days, whatever you do, I don't care.
It's something you want to do or their lives.
But it doesn't make it.
But you're destroying my life by my.
All I do is to press your phone.
I understand.
I don't want to see it.
I just can't handle it.
I'll have an emotional breakdown right here on the show on the year.
I'm promise you do that right now.
You could go screen.
I'm hanging on by a friend.
You can hang on by a thread.
My trip to Eckerds, I think yesterday, was the,
that was it.
That was the end for me of the life in this town as I knew it.
It was bad enough going home from here yesterday with all the retards we had.
You know, I had a great topic here yesterday and we had, you know,
we had some calls although it is usual took a lot of pushing and punishment.
And I'd say what, what would you say?
30% of them are crazy people.
You know, you had the one, one of your favorites there,
the one that makes up the stories with a dog and Syracuse and his ass was in cargo.
And, and now I see why I'd usually do one of these two things.
Either cut them off immediately or I'll sit and wait in like an endurance contest
to see who can out last two, you know.
And how far he goes before he finishes with a dog winding up in the Bronx
and his ass and Uranus and his nose and Syracuse.
And then we had the crazy guy with, you're a faggot.
You know, he went up to the pilot and the pilot was, I'm a faggot.
Like that's a bulletin, okay.
You know something, I'm proud to be a faggot.
In fact, I'm delighted.
I'm ecstatic to be a faggot, which is why I enjoyed seeing Nick and Jeff so much from 98 degrees on TRL last night.
You see, being a faggot, it's amazing how much stuff there is to enjoy.
And then we had the guy with the story about the people who were dying on the plane.
And he was given CPR to the one she had a heart attack.
She died somebody in a back at a plane, she had, we had all these crazy people yesterday.
I drive out of here, I'm going home.
And there's more crazy people all over the road.
It's a full moon.
The world is coming to an end.
The storms, the rain, accidents.
People are acting like, like, like Castro's got that woodpecker thing going again.
That must be it.
Maybe if it else got that woodpecker thing going really heavy-due.
You can tell the days that he's got it going.
Because the people in this town just, they lose it.
They go all over the stick.
You just walk outside your home and you hear, you hear that.
That sound.
And you know if it else got his woodpecker working.
Then I go last night, like I said, the records I had, no, I'm wondering how was it.
Oh, this was after, but this was later on, that's right.
I go to get my mail, I stop at Eckerds for like a candy bar.
I hate to admit it, but I am a sugar hauler.
I stop for a candy bar.
And not just a regular candy bar, but they keep them.
The nice thing they do in that particular store is they put a bunch of stickers in Milky Way and Mars bars in the freezer in the ice cream compartment.
So it stays cold.
Nothing like a great, you know, real cold candy bar.
I take it to the counter and a much to my amazement.
This is Eckerds by the way over there on Broward Boulevard.
There is nobody online.
What a miracle.
No waiting, no pain, no strain.
And here's a girl.
I don't know where in the Caribbean she drifted up from on Wapisa Driftwood or a rubber rack, whatever.
She's standing there about 18, 19 year old young lady and she's hunched over the counter.
She's the cashier, okay?
She's hunched over with her elbows planted on the guy at the encounter.
Okay?
She's not looking at me.
She's not really paying much attention.
She's not reading something.
She's not looking at something.
She's not doing any work.
She's just kind of like planted there.
Like, eh, yeah, kind of like like that.
Yeah.
So I take the candy bar.
I put it down, not real loud like rude, but I mean loud enough so my presence would be made aware
if she was like daydreaming.
But here's a customer who wants to pay for this and get the F out of here, okay?
I put it down.
She doesn't move.
She moves her eyes.
Her eyes move to the candy bar now, okay?
This is as much effort as she's willing to make at this particular point.
Her eyes move to the candy bar.
She looks at this.
Oh, and those better colors, those better frozen.
I said, yeah, they're real good.
And now she's still standing there with her elbows.
Now she finally decides she's going to move her eyes a little bit.
She picks up her hands.
She picks up the candy bar, puts it through the scanner, comes up whatever it is, 89 cents, whatever it is.
I put down a dollar bill.
Now she's gone back to daydreaming again.
And the dollar bill is sitting there and she's kind of like looking off of the side and
doing a little bit like that, you know, kind of like, yeah.
And I stood there and I counted one, two, three.
I'm counting.
I'm counting.
Just like Scottie and Mack, I'm counting.
You know, in any language you prefer.
I would say at the count of about 600, she finally, oh, oh.
And she, you know, the realization that the dollar bill is sitting there and that somebody might actually be willing to pay for this merchandise, takes the dollar, gives me my change, and away I go.
And I'm thinking of myself, Mr. Rogers, welcome to South Florida.
What you've seen is what you get.
Did I mention that I hate records, but I'm not just singling them out because service down here is impossible anyway, but especially in there.
I think they go out of their way to hire geeks.
People haven't got any business waiting on a public who must be working for less than minimum wage.
I don't know what, I don't know what the deal is.
I'm not exaggerating.
I didn't make up, I didn't embellish that story even one Iota.
That's exactly the way it took place.
Elbows on the counter, totally indifferent.
Like, you're bothering me.
Don't you understand?
I'm here daydreaming.
I'm in a world of my own without Peter and Gordon.
I'm just standing here like my to my own business.
And you're bothering me, Mr.
You like actually want to pay for something here?
What's wrong with you, man?
You're bugging me.
And she's working in the store.
It's like that story I told you about the American Airlines nightmare.
I had my Toronto trip Friday afternoon and the coming back.
And Friday afternoon, after leaving all that time late,
and all these people getting really antsy and the banana boat part of the airport,
and everybody getting more and more aggravated.
And one woman had her little little kid at the split as lip open.
And she's got the Miami Fire Rescue there, and all this stuff going on.
And finally, at long last, the two people go over to where they take your tickets and you walk through the thing
and go through the jet wait and get on the goddamn plane.
And the girl standing at the counter, the woman, was in no hurry.
She's not going anywhere.
She's not getting on the flight.
She doesn't care if we ever get on there.
And the guys trying to get her attention.
He finally says, we're ready to board.
Ready to go.
And she won't even look at him.
She will not even look at him.
She's standing there like fumbling around and pushing papers around.
And finally, he walks like halfway from where he's standing.
And over to her, we're ready to board.
Sell me a whatever her name was.
Or shouldn't have said Sylvia, because Sylvia is my good friend by the turn bike.
Sorry Sylvia, we're ready to board Esther, whatever your name is.
Oh man.
Welcome to a real unreal place.
So what do you think? Danny Eurajimi.
26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM here.
Spanning South Florida.
And the globe.
Joes team coverage.
We're working hard to bring you the news.
Update to every hour.
This is WQAF 560 Action Central News.
Good afternoon.
The BSO Anti-Sex Division has just released an audio tape of 10 Jenny's recent raid on another local swing club.
Here they go, I don't know.
Here we go, I don't know.
So what are you doing, your library, to hurt somebody now?
Give me that thing before you do any damage.
I give up, I give up.
I give up.
I give up.
I give up.
I give up.
I give up.
I give up.
I give up.
I give up.
I give up.
Yeah.
So I have aECTABT.
Um I have aT in Hambo fan message.
I have aT With your YouTube or comments of the EU, it takes 60 nm, want to feature a 100 morning.
And I have a Новold press for DMK, so after .
piece of the easelman they just want to win well tell you i don't know how those
teammates there can uh... they don't care sir they don't care they want to
we need one of we need to don't care get with it okay
five six i've seen i i don't want to talk about that well i want to talk about
twenty martin no about the character witnesses in it
of course not there's nothing to talk about when the verdict comes in when
it crack goes down it'll go down and it'll be an either he'll play or he's
gonna go to jail one of the other something's gonna happen and the life will
go on
i mean it's got it's got to be desperate that that's what they're talking
about now that then he showed up in court and that they're all these sinister
reasons and that's a read and this little guy seriously get the guys with a
butterfly net for that little guy that called the worst thing this morning
there are the ones that ought to be tracing the guy the info calls
that man is certifiable he needs to be in a rubber room we need to be protected
from him
all i've got a way to get a call yesterday
he was a little bit early in fact uh... last night the guy that called about the
gun that the from c.a. that one up in the shooting in l.a. so they had a whole
segment on that bob she for right a segment on the cbsc news last night
about all the thousands and thousands and thousands of guns that police
departments all around the country wind up selling
selling or trading putting back into it other was
we have all these programs where the public is supposed to come and turn in
their guns and they give money or whatever and then they take the guns of
partner to store them so they can never be used again
why aren't the cops doing that
is it like a fundraiser or one of the just read a few more tickets that week
that should be no problem as i should be fishing a barrel
they're selling guns including automatic weapons they said by the way and putting
them back on the streets
great
including that particular gun that the guy called me about yesterday as luck
would have it he was right on target and i had a whole piece on fifty minutes
last night on the cbsc news is anybody care
no
but there you go there's your uh... men in blue again hard to work that that's
real rocket science
you can hear the sounds of the guys you came up with that decision
here's a mobile in my any hello
yes sir
you know probably other than the most annoying aspect of the gaki other than
the boy said before each color yet to see the exact time
it's through eight by fifty years meal and a mobile really
exactly ten minutes i listen to me listen to a lot of ten minutes that's that's
that's my
now
anything to the property to get to cross examine the character
you know what
i would love to be an attorney and i've been here for the stand
the same and he uh... he had one three super bolder and you're at the
end of your career would still be here to put on the martin
yeah in the fact that you need him right now
okay thanks
all you see what i'm saying you see what i'm saying i'm getting real real
nervous now i don't think i'm gonna make it
forget about two o'clock i don't think eleven o'clock i really don't
did you listen to the words coming out of that man's mouth and you hear what
he just said i'm telling you they can't help themselves here if dandy
far it's that's worth at least an hour and a half on all the sports shows i'm
telling you what flavor was it what did you have for breakfast that morning is
you in good health is as me gonna hold up
all based on the
aroma
here's a lady in my any i bet you don't want to talk about dan marino hello
i know how are you okay and female i don't want anything
yeah okay i have to tell you the story that happened yet today had to go to
public for a few things left around six thirty
driving the parking lot i think my god why all the cars are Monday night you
know that was in the grocery store we know which public is this in kendall
oh near where you still live mm-hmm so i've gotten a parking lot i have my two
year old baby with me i think my time you know what's what's going on here
walking the store there's no shopping carts
yeah they have like hundreds of shopping carts there yeah so i go to cash
one on hurricane you know people were buying water bread batteries i thought
i was in twilight zone it was unbelievable i just i was a rough shocked i mean
they were buying everything in the store oh no they had water out and candles
oh my god i got a city what what hurricane
there's like a tropical depression out there yeah that's not gonna come here by
the way the even Brian hysterical norcross even he said no reason to
get psychotic because it ain't gonna hit us it was i i said like the day that i
am telling exactly it was like the day when Andrew was gonna come here oh that's
exactly how it looks i mean day and it was amazing i mean it was absolutely
amazing i had to call you and tell you but i mean people are going crazy
they're you know i'm getting out of here just in time my vacation couldn't have
been time more perfectly i'm even here Thursday and if i come back it'll be
a miracle i mean this is a crazy place they're crazy people know i have two kids
too and we're getting out of here i don't blame you good gosh but anyway a
let me show i had to tell you that okay don't forget the battery really okay
i have to see uh huh don't forget the skies fall it go out now get the
plywood get the goddamn batteries get the water clean out the goddamn
supermarkets like i said crazy people
five six seven oh five sixty so what do you think about that trial huh
compound five sixty animal one line let's talk about Brian Murray a little bit
what do you say how a good post-personal friend it's not personal it's
business Brian okay you're not a bad guy never stole you know what you
what it's never stolen a
fill in a blank your brothers and assholes and the guys will not play for him
but that's suck job i heard this morning on the worst team in fact i came in i
you know i saw the guys i saw my cancer and primary on the
uh come on down the elevator and the game the usual whatever
i walked straight up to the window looking at that studio and the three uh the
three stuages were sitting in there and i did i put the
finger in my mouth you know the finger of experience
and gave that you know kind of sucking motion and then they all like they couldn't
keep a straight face that was a two hour blowtrap that way it was
unbelievable is what that was even a mad dog that was exactly what it was that was
a two hour blowtrap by the way he'll be here today by the way from dolphins camp
how do you like that mad dog gymatage yeah what america's great broadcasters
and unfortunately after that we got talking baseball with donny b which is not a
shot at donny b but nobody cares about baseball around these parts anymore
and having for a very long time and as if that isn't bad enough of course that's
the prelude for the diamond backs at the marlins at pp park tonight
anybody uh... into that
so Greg read comes in here today and what do you i want this you may lose it
yourself you may be uh... go over the edge
he's telling me first i tell him about this phone system what a piece of
crap it is and he had any uh... give me that the song and dance brushes it off
he's got this great book he's reading that he wants me to read okay
about italy long very interested in italy i love italy i've been there a
million times wrong florida et cetera melon
and uh... it's about a guy with a soccer team
in italy okay
a soccer team he then proceeds to tell me that they got this uh...
this uh... farm outside of chicago he and his family whatever
and they were up there in chicago i guess we were wondering where he was
last week and he's told me that they have three sports dates in chicago they
all suck
he was up there listing the sports radio in chicago
right
that's his bag
as if we didn't know
i understand that but what you want doesn't he understand that i don't care
i don't care
why not i don't care about sports radio i don't care about lifeless nerds
who have nothing else to talk about because the the content the level of the
conversation is so juvenile and so infantile and so moronic and so idiotic
and so down to these little uh... you know did they tied their shoelaces right
and they have the right kind of spikes on for the turf i mean things that are
so shocking and unnerving and nerve racking
you know what i'm saying you follow on sand uh... yeah
so anyway yes jim men which will not be at the dolphins why not in studio
just cancelled as of two minutes ago for uh... reasons i'm
i just got through promoing it
i'm on here trying to be a team player even i can't stand this all sports format
because it's ponderous and juvenile
and my buddy jim men it's a great broadcaster
will not be in the dolphin camp which means he'll be here in the studio we
can give him some more pernod
more pornography rewals on the year like last time
which means it ought to be a great show right
nineteen before eleven at five sixty wq a m
brilliant dumb
ad
look at my butt
i'm such a beautiful singer
all the guys they want me
from the old to the teenager
i am hot i have to say
i think real good my acting's over check out i'm a good
i have a chance with the spirit of singing
i got so
tree bed you might
and a body i'd like to show
my soul and creamy side had a kid you never know
to see me
is to want me
got all the time for me
my brother's patch with me
you see me all over mcv
not better for the year
i know you want me
you got a got a got a got a got a got a got a got a got a got a got a got a got a got a do
sing
that forty seven and five if you just remember what you see when you're
watching television is definitely not what you get but that's okay it will be
like having sex with an anonymous stranger in a very dark place thinking you
were a hump in something really great and then all of a sudden you walk out of
the daylight and they go their way and you go yours and you turn around and you look
and you see, oh gee, I just did that. Do you follow what I'm saying? That's the same
with Jennifer Lopez. Of course, none of you are ever going to do her anyway, so I guess
it does make much difference. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. As
we continue searching for those brilliant calls like Joseph Gackie had last night here
on QIM. The more I think about that, the more it makes me feel like unclean, like I need
to go take a shower immediately again. I took a real good shower this morning, like I
feel I need to cleanse myself again because Joseph Gackie was a... In fact, I'm glad we
got to Marlon's on. Let's hear it for the 4th Marlon. We love you Marlon. You want to
know why because the Marlon game being on means Joseph Gackie won't be on. And we all
say, thank God. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How are you today?
Okay. I am going on by a thread. I am Puerto Rican from the Bronx. I grew up in Queens.
Let me tell you, Jennifer doesn't do squat for me. You only think she's got a big
bouquet like the African American site. She's got all bouquet and she doesn't do squat for me.
You know who does squat? You know who does something? Does it look squat for you?
Holly Barry. Now that's a nice looking chick and she's making her race. Yeah.
Are you Jennifer? No, Holly Barry. There goes that phone again. And she's mixed race,
you know? And like Jennifer, Jennifer's got a schnauzgees. You know, they look slightly
gross. I was just astonished. I mean, what's your name? In fact, I was astonished. They were
stupid enough to put her on that thing on in the first place. What kind of management
is she got that they would let them put her on here like that? Neil, I don't know if you like
time magazine or not, but around six weeks ago or eight weeks ago, they had a cover on hot
Latino store. Yeah, I saw. I could understand Ricky. Ricky's a nice looking kid. He's well-dressed.
Can't sing for crap, but yeah, you're right. Yeah, but he got a good present. He keeps his
mouth shut. Yeah. For Mark Anthony, looks like some Ticato, some, you know, intravenous drug
user from a barrio. Yeah. And she looks like, you know, a low life. I mean, I'm not, not
that I'm a, he looks like he's from the Bronx. You're right. Yeah. I mean, she looks like
the chicks that stop at a hunts point market there to get BJs to the beach. But that's
all I, and the other thing about this thing about the football player or Martin and whatever,
I don't get too flying. You know what? Thank God. Okay. I love you. I like life. Okay. Let's hear
from all the people that don't care about Tony Martin. This, this will be really going a little
bit too far. Okay. Somebody who lives in South Florida who doesn't care about Dan Marino.
Doesn't care how, oh, George, well, we already know that. That's because you are miserable
spick. Okay. Well, I'm saying, and they don't give me wrong. Dan Marino is a great athlete. He's
been great for the team. And you know, either they love him or they hate him. He's the problem. He's
the solution. You know, he's the the preeminent athlete probably whoever played in this market.
Ever. I can't think of anybody else who would even come close. But nevertheless, I mean,
there must be people who are just don't care about Dan Marino, whether he's good or bad, who just
don't care if they ever heard his name again. Because the sports nerds in this town, they're obsessed
with it. That's all they know. I mentioned about seeing Ray Whitney on a plane the other night.
People are going, who's that? Is that anybody we know? This is sad. This is very sad. Like last
year, I'll say it again, as long as I live, I'll never forget coming back from vacation. The
Panthers just got Pavel Burry and we're going to Brian Marie's finest moments. And he's had a few
great deals just like picking up Ray Whitney off the waiver wire for 20 grand. Nice going, Brian.
And nobody has any idea who I'm talking about. Or as he said, Pavel Burry at this point,
how about pronouncing his name right? Okay, Brian, you're the spokesman pronouncing his name
right? All right? Just just for fun. Pavel Burry. I thought those were the things you put on your
nose, the strips to take all among them. God, Brian, you're just you're embarrassing. Here's a
mobile and four-letter mail. Hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
Make Dan Marino, Diabgonna, Rian, Rotten Hell. Yes. Hey, I got the soccer players.
I've been looking at it like Jeremy Schamp. What is it? The soccer players that they have
sandwiches for the organization. As you were talking about earlier. Anyway, I was like
General Serfie yesterday as well on KRL. Yeah. I couldn't help notice Christina Aguero.
I mean, in her video, she does not, she doesn't look that good. I mean, she's kind of looking a
little beat up. But when you saw her live yesterday, she wouldn't let that. She wasn't that bad?
How young is she? How young? I mean, that's bad. No, that's not about how old she is. I
know. I'm scared. You think she was a hot number? She was hot in the studio.
In the MTV studio, first like 17 or whatever she is, 14 or whatever. Listen, I want to talk.
I know the opinion I'll give you is based on my own personal view, which is that of an old
troll, an old bag. Okay, but I'm going to tell you, Nick and Jeff from the 98 series, both were
looking a hell of a lot better than she did. And you know that. Hey, how about Jeff? Was he like the
how can we use the MC for MTV? He was always cutting off everybody's conversations. Oh, we're
going to go this video now. It was a little nervous, just a little bit hyper. I think he was taking
the same doggy uppers that Peter later takes. Have a great day, sir. Yeah, Nick and Jeff were a
host, a co-host on TRL. I saved for the rest of the time. Just a car. We have a great life. He's
old enough for a pension. Now he's over 20 on MTV. That should be old enough to collect the pension.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pop 5, 60. I see. I think everybody's losing it. Like I said, I'm hanging on
by a thread. I'm getting out of here just in time. Don't castella was sitting in there with crap
falling off his head. And then he did you get like another haircutter? Is that like not for real?
What do he do? He didn't fit that he do is what he's doing. Oh, and you know something. And this is
the guy who came into me a few days ago and said, what did your hair is dry today? Where's that
stuff usually? The greasy kid stuff, which is what? Have I ever put stuff on my hair since you've
known me? I don't know what you put on your hair. I don't put anything on my hair.
Nobody's on it. Is it what do you know? Some days it looks like maybe there's some condition or
nothing in there. There's nothing in there. And how can you tell when? Is that few hairs in the first
place? Well, there was particularly dry that day. How about my hair?
Here's the mobile and bokeh. Hello.
Neil God speaking. Add me to the list. I'll give you a rat's answer about Martin. Tony
Marina. Tony. Yeah. Dan Martin. And Rowan, whatever his name was. Dan Rowan and
I think that's a Latin. Do you have any insight as to this new gambling casino that's supposed to be
in Margate at Sample and State Road 7? No. You heard about this? Yeah. But it's you don't know if
it's going to happen or what? Well, if it does happen, I'll tell you this. The people at the
Paramutrials are going to be running for the hills. I'll tell you that. Yeah. I'm all for it. I say
what? If they let the Indians open up full, full bone casino, then all of a sudden they'll say,
well, you know, even though it's immoral and the world will come to the end, we can't let them have
all the money. And so we'll have to make it legal. You mark my words. That's going to happen.
The only thing that can save this town from total destruction is casino gambling. I think the odds
are pretty long, but that's the only thing that can salvage anything for this God for seconds.
Sincol, I'm in. Well, unfortunately, we continue with this governor. It'll never happen.
Don't be too sure, man. Well, the Indians get it. I hope so. I'm with you. You make it a brand
new religion. Maybe his brother will give him some of that white powder. You know, have a great day
pal. You too. Yeah, they're not talking about that. I noticed down here, George W. And they're also
not talking about the Beth Friedman story. Just like, you know what amazes me? You have all these
headline stories and everybody gets whipped up about them and their pictures on the front page of
the newspaper for a day or two. And then they vanish. And I have a feeling the media could come up with
a lot of egg on their push on this story, which wouldn't be the first time, because what if it turns
out that these people just did make up the stories to get even that there was some vendetta there
because she made a move out. And they were, well, whatever the deal was.
Because lawyers, I mean, most of them are full of crap. But you know, just by accident, once in a
while they tell the truth, maybe there was no drugs and there was no sex and all this was just
fabricated as a way of paying back or whatever. You know, maybe I'm not saying I don't know.
But isn't it interesting how just a few days ago, like the end of last week, there was
a Friday, fun page of the newspaper. Here's the name. The local TV channels are hyperventilating.
And now have we seen any award of about a cent? No, no, just like that prostitution ring in
Kindle, no, vanish into thin air. Very, very strange. And if this was a community where anybody
was really paying any attention, where people really gave a crap about things that were more
important than was Danny, what kind of a suit did he wear yesterday to court? You have to really
wonder. Yeah. Like I said, what time's TRL coming on? Four before the one I got different
guest hosts on today. So who gives a crap? Four before 11 at 560 WKYM.
Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
And I think I'm a good guy. It's not that fast to go the other way.
I think it's the leave of the night in the face because I'm a feminine guy.
Bebbing a guy. I'm a little twisted and I am an twisted I'm a feminine guy.
Bebbing a guy. I'll take a lot of leave at some point and call me I'm a feminine guy.
Bebbing a guy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha. Bebbing a guy. Bebbing a guy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha. Bebbing a guy.
11.0205 60 WKYM. So anyway, there isn't editorial in the Sun
Central today. And of course, they're all over the place as usual.
They got a couple of points, right? Now you were talking the other day when I went to the
airport about double standard. I heard that little tidbit before I got there.
And that's what the editorial is about. It says yes boys could be victims too as
parsecret abuse. And then in the inset, see the Sun Central, you're living in such a
pretty, uh, unreal world. That's the problem with you people in the Sun
Central. You're worse than the Harold in that regard. You're the biggest bunch of
goody two shoes assholes I've ever encountered in my life.
The inset says the law rightly regards children under 18 is not emotionally or mentally
mature enough to make a fully informed decision about having sex.
Now let me say it again like I said last week. Almost every other country I can think of,
the legal age for having sex is considerably less than that.
And certainly 16 or 17 is plenty old enough in this country, especially when
the weight kids are today. The law rightly regards, see it's always this goody two shoes
posture about the evil sex that was going on. Always the Harold were the ones that said the
thing about the semi-orgy, the semi-public orgies at the swing clubs.
And now we got to end the casino gambling is evil and it'll make you go blind.
And then we got to think about the 18 is right, rightly we got to, you know, something if I had
a dollar for every kid in America under the age of 18 that's having sex.
I'm not talking about with, you know, 40-year-old teachers.
I'm just talking about every kid under the age of 18 that's having sex.
I wouldn't be sitting here wasting my time right now. I'll tell you that.
Readin' some stupid paper. What, Joe's having sex with a 14-year-old girl?
Oh, we better not say it on the air then.
Here's the hellendale. Hello. Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I had a couple comments. What I wanted to call you straight enough
to talk to you. You're talking about George W. Bush, how he, uh,
he basically didn't answer any of the questions about his drug use.
Yeah, well, he answers to a certain point and they say,
that's as far as I'm going to go. I'll answer this, but I won't answer that.
Yeah, I think it's a good point you raised, though, because it's pretty well known that,
you know, he, he liked to do some of the hardcore drugs that he's putting,
putting some people in jail.
Well, what do you mean, it's pretty well known? Who said that?
Where do you get that?
It's pretty well known that he was a big point.
And while he did, he did some coke. He was a big heavy booser.
It's not pretty well known. There is no, they don't have any evidence that he did coke.
I mean, you're just saying it. I can, I can say you're doing coke right now.
You're just saying it. So I have a nice life.
But the fact is that the refusal to the night and then saying he hasn't done it,
you know, if you say I haven't done it in the last five minutes,
that means maybe six minutes ago, you did do it because it's kind of bizarre that that's the way he
phrases it. And like I said yesterday, it's really sweet to see the shoe on the other foot now.
And all of a sudden, uh, some of these right wingers squirming and squirming like crazy.
All these goody-toothed shoes bastards.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hey.
Yes, man.
Um, I was just one of the mentioned that, you know, when I was, I'm 18 now, but back when I was 16,
I was having sex. I mean, I was old enough to decide.
Yeah.
And another thing I wonder if you, Jennifer, it does have a really nasty body.
She's gross.
She's disgusting.
Yeah, you're right.
Did you see TR right yesterday?
No, I missed it.
Oh, damn.
Nick and Jeff from 98 degrees.
Beat their a lot of carstinate.
Okay, have a great taste.
We don't.
I think.
Okay.
There you go.
And then this editorial goes on to say the actor, I mean, it's talking about double standards
and boys can be very good.
And I agree.
You know, it was, it was really something here.
All these guys, oh, yeah, well, when I was 13, I had this real hot school teacher.
You know, I hate to break the news to you.
And I'm the last person to be approved or a goody two shoes.
The very last online and the human race to be approved.
But let me tell you this, haven't teachers having sex with their students is not okay.
It's not acceptable.
It's not kosher.
It's a grotesque.
Just like priest having sex with the altar boys and nuns having school with whatever they call the
female version of that.
It's unacceptable.
And yeah, you enjoyed it when you're 13 or 14 and 15.
And we can understand that.
Okay, it's wrong.
If society is going to make decision value judgments on these things,
they have to say no to that.
But then I love that when they go on and they say in this editorial here this morning,
the, which as usual, like I said, they're all over the place.
The accusations against treatment are sickening.
The boy now 16 claims treatment not only had sex with them on numerous occasions
or 18 months, but sometimes asked other students to watch them having sex and
applied him with illegal drugs, including marijuana and cocaine.
The accusations are sickening.
Look, but they're only accusations.
And there is no more on the news pages.
All of a sudden, all the information about this has run dry.
And then a lot of suspicions about the whole scenario.
They're the family moving in with them and what the financial arrangements were.
And who knows.
But the accusations are sickening.
They're disgusting.
They're probably puking their guts out all over their goddamn big desks over there.
All over their brusprout of suites at the Sunset and editorial office.
They're so sickened and nauseated by it.
God, what anybody would give in this town for a real newspaper, you know?
And what we'd give here for a few real callers on the show.
Like I said, I turn on Joseph Gacket.
He turned on any of these moronic shows.
And there's this endless appliance, those same 150 people that Baldi talked about five years ago.
He was right.
He was that.
That's one of the only things he's ever been able to do.
He's been right about when he talked about this radio station.
It's the same 150 200 nerds over and over and over again.
They're always there just lined up like a bunch of sheep.
So it doesn't really make any difference if he put on Joseph Gacket or even somebody good like Mad Dog.
It doesn't make that much difference because it's the same simple with the same idiotic mumbo jumbo.
And it just tears my kishkis out to have to witness it and be a party to it.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the 18th line.
Here's a mobile in bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm really about the 21 trial.
I see that more said that I tell you what would be a good role model.
So let me ask you something.
Why do you care?
What difference does it make?
What difference does it make?
Yeah, I don't know.
I would love trouble with kids.
We don't need to get any kids.
What difference doesn't make about Tony Martin?
So why is everybody who's a sport nerd in this town so whipped up about Tony Martin?
I'm more concerned about the comment that more made that he's a role model for kids.
Yeah.
Why has he been convicted of anything yet?
No, he's not.
So why don't you wait till the trial is over and find out if he's innocent or guilty.
And then you'll find out whether he's a good role model or not.
That's Nat Moore's opinion.
He knows him.
Do you know him, sir?
No.
Sure you don't.
God.
Like I said, got it.
And this is evidently a hell of a lot bigger than I thought it was.
All the other scumbags that came down to play from Lawrence Phillips, you name it.
And the Cecil, well, they're not not concesal because he runs like the wind.
Babies got all those great moves and I'm knocking him.
So they don't care about any of the other criminals.
This guy hasn't been convicted of anything yet.
And already, oh,
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, you know.
Crazy people.
Like I said, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
6, 700 open lines here this morning again.
I've got your breath.
That's beautiful.
Hey guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind?
Like when she asked,
Did he dance making the bet?
Well, now you can with the Mr. Hanky Method Service.
Hello.
Howdy, ho!
I hear that you're having a little weight problem.
You mean that's right.
You've got more kids than a Chinese phone book.
What the fuck are you talking about?
With the Mr. Hanky Method Service,
you can get it all off your chest and she'll never even know it's you.
My gosh, you're a fox.
This day I can smell it all the way over here.
You little fox girl, tell you you pee to show.
If her ass is getting big,
let her know.
Call 1-800 Hanky-Watt.
It's 11-13-5.
We could use that little I like that thing right at the end.
That little, or whatever that is.
5-6-705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
I'm not going to talk about Tony Martin,
especially guys like this last guy who's already convicted him.
Okay, he's a bad role model because he longer drug money.
He's on trial, sir.
Can't you wait a couple of more days, a few more days.
Can't you wait till I go on vacation?
Because quite frankly, it's nauseating to me to keep hearing this,
especially in that effect that all the other scumbags,
people who have been convicted of grotesque crimes,
they got nothing to say about any of them.
But because Dan Reeder went and testified as a character witness yesterday,
now all of a sudden this is a big story again.
And everybody, pah, pah, pah,
all these great sports fans that's all they want to talk about.
Brian Murray that was honored this morning,
making excuses for Rob Neeter, my reggae,
about how he needs to hit somebody in the head once or twice,
and then the fans alike him better, which is a pile of crap,
and making excuses and covering up all the bad deals he made,
which is why I had to waste all the money,
paying off the Kirk Mullers of the world.
You're not fooling anybody.
Okay, Brian, you're a good guy,
but you made some good deals and too many bad mistakes,
too many bad bad moves,
and the worst move bringing in your brother,
who's a hard ass, and the team they want to play for.
Which is the reason that the whole season hinges on
Pah Val Burais knee, and if he stays healthy,
yeah, this team might be able to make the playoffs.
But the problem being that this team never develops
the youngsters in the organization.
They're all these promising kids.
They never get any better, but like Matt Warren,
or they train them in debuffalo and all of a sudden,
but I'm being used playing great.
He's in a goddamn Stanley Cup finals.
He's playing like a superstar.
He's playing Dynamite defense.
So maybe there's a little problem somewhere in the organization.
Okay, it's not the youngsters in the organization,
but somebody in the organization that don't bring them along.
Don't develop them into what their potential might be.
Maybe that's a possibility.
Did they ask that question this morning?
No.
They were too busy sucking around.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Man, that Bob Butterworth and that Ken Jenny
are the worst thing that ever hit Florida in like a million years.
Yeah.
They, these guys put, I mean, Bob Butterworth,
went around the state and he put me out of business
with his moral, you know, BS.
Put you on a business with what?
I used to, you know, well, I do various forms of when,
what I used to do out of high-dollows.
Yeah.
And we got caught everything from loan sharks,
the predators to whatever.
Okay, so we're out of business now.
Yeah.
Where these people get in the money and get in the know-where else?
I get about 30 phone calls a day and these people can't get the money.
Okay, well, look and try Georgia.
They're a lot better up there right here.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
One thing, miss Green and that teacher.
My son's 16 years old and he goes to that school.
On the next day, would you say school in Hollywood?
Did I say that the school was in Hollywood?
Yeah, that's what I thought you said.
You were in the college.
He lives in Hollywood.
I don't know why I don't remember where the school was.
No, the school was in Margaid.
My son went there and actually he was telling me that the teacher was
Silver Lake Middle School.
Yeah.
Yeah, in Margaid, right?
My son said she happened to be a real good teacher.
Got along with all the guys.
He had only sexual raising our guys.
The kids and everything.
Wiser.
She was straight going.
All the kids, Wiser.
When he found out about it, actually, I haven't heard the name yet,
but I don't know what kid it is.
But when he found out about it, he couldn't believe it.
Also on Jennifer Lopez, I think you should stick to 98 degrees
and all those other guys.
Jennifer Lopez was very, very hot.
No, she's not.
She leads that to the guy.
Sure.
I'm asking the guys in here.
And they also said the ones that saw the making of the vehicle.
Oh, come on.
The guys in there, they don't want to stay on a argue with you.
They don't know you keep going and going.
The words never likes to argue with me no matter what I say.
Yeah, stick to 98 degrees.
Okay, thank you.
I'll stick to 28 degrees.
Stick to that guy stuff, you faggot.
You don't know nothing about women.
So I got to tell you right now, I have impeccable taste.
Okay, in fact, I'm sometimes astonished
and appalled at the really crappy taste
that a lot of you straight guys have got.
See real good looking straight guys
with real skanky looking broads or the other way around.
Real beautiful women with the guys that look like lilyl, I love it.
Just like the guy in 98 degrees video.
That's there at the altar where they are.
Doritos girl there that they're all like, uh, huh?
The guy that she winds up marrying that when they put...
I can't tell my part.
I said the one I'll buy now.
She doesn't marry any of those.
You missed the whole point in the video.
You're so obsessed looking at her boobs.
You missed the whole point in the video.
They're all like, uh, uh, uh,
doing her and, uh, whatever and recording her.
I give it a ring and she's at the altar
and they said the breaks come on there in a song
and they show she's, uh, getting married to a guy.
It was just like, I love it.
You never saw that guy?
I thought it was one of the bands.
Even the albino don't look that bad.
Both of them.
No, you know, he don't look that bad.
You better get with it, okay?
And quit arguing with me like this guy said.
Yeah, George will agree with everything I'll say.
Not.
Usually, this agrees just to be a prick
rhymes with a speck.
Just as a personality.
If you, sir, if you want to think that
Jennifer Lopez is really hot,
I'm happy for you, okay?
What they can do with makeup and camera angles
and all this other...
That's why they shouldn't be doing that,
sir.
That whole series,
the making of the video is a tremendous
disservice to a lot of these performers
because they show you how marginal a lot of them really look.
Now, Brittany, on the other hand,
I know Granchie without the makeup,
she didn't look quite as...
She looked okay.
And whether they were real or not,
I don't think anybody really cares.
That's the...
Exactly.
That's where they're floating right now.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Neil!
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I want to talk about these
right-wingers hypocrisy.
Yesterday, Jerry Fowell was on
hardball with her brother Rivera.
And he was saying that the distant past doesn't...
Okay.
It will work up today.
Now we got him going.
That's good.
He said it's the same effing,
something like that.
By the way, I'm supposed to tell you
that the guy at the altar is
screech from saved by the bell,
which I would have no idea.
Saved by the bells that silly show
that's on Saturday morning,
with you want to see or not,
NBC, that you just can't get away from that
in reruns for the eight-minute time.
Screech.
Screech.
Now that they mentioned it,
he still looks the same.
A little bit older,
but he still is just as grotesque
as he was on that show.
See, every show like that's got to have a nerd.
Every school show,
just like what was the show with John Revolta
was in?
What was that show?
Welcome back, Carter.
Welcome back, Carter.
Now what was the nerd on that show?
Horse check.
Horse is a crap.
Horse crap.
Yeah.
Every show like that in TV,
always got to be one nerd.
Just like there's got to be nerdy parents
like on happy days.
There's got to be Tom Bosley.
And the parents are always like real goofballs
and real, you know.
A real good reflection of American life.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18s.
And give me Archie Bunker
into George Jefferson any day of the week.
And eat it too.
Eat it if that is.
Here's a boi-ton-bee,
cello.
Neal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
First time long time in a fellow foot flusher.
Yes, sir.
Got a question.
I'm not even about that.
What do you mean a fellow foot flusher?
I'm not a foot flusher.
Oh, well, you know,
all the other foot flusher is out there.
Okay, not me.
Hey, I got a little insight to that foot flusher thing.
Yeah.
You know, when I was younger,
I used to have a job where,
but once in a while,
I had to, you know, clean the restrooms.
I think these people bend over
and aim their ass at the toilet
and just let it fly.
Yeah.
You know, after you've seen that so many times,
you don't want to touch the thing anymore.
All right.
I got a question for you about Florida law enforcement.
What the heck is going on with these signs out on the street?
Speeding finds doubled.
What is that crap?
That's arbitrary.
In other words,
if there's construction there
or there's been construction any time
at the last six,
some of the years,
or if they just had a bad move
when they get up in the morning,
they just put the sign up.
But what the heck is it?
I mean, what's the cop right on the ticket?
Oh, by the way, judge,
double the fine.
I mean, you go into court
and they say,
hey, we felt like putting a sign up?
No, no. He just, he'll just write out
whatever the fine is based on where he gave it to.
I'd like to know by what legal means
they're allowed to do that.
And then, see, now you're in the ticking,
sir, this is Florida.
They don't worry about legal means.
Like I said, it's arbitrary.
And if they decide that that's,
it's just like the FCC,
they pick and choose which words we can say
and which words we can't.
What topics we can discuss,
which ones we can't.
And then go try and argue with them.
Okay, the sous-city hall, you know.
Hey, maybe we could put some of our own signs up,
whatever we want, you know?
Yeah. How about, how about we put up signs today?
No speeding fines.
Right, how about no speed limit period?
Right, there you go.
There you go.
Okay, pal, get busy.
Thanks.
Another foot flusher.
I'm sorry.
I just, I mean, to each his own,
if that makes you feel a little bit safer,
but the people that are really germ neurotic,
I'm just a little worried,
that's something they're going to be like,
how it used on a bad day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the 18th headline.
See, there's a message here.
I know it's really dangerous.
And even I was getting a little carried away
with that Beth Friedman story
because it was right on the front page.
But, you know, she deserves to have her side,
the story told, but it would seem to me
that in a case like that,
instead of disappearing for a day,
although I can understand she was in total shock
and psychosis,
but instead of just disappearing,
there should be an immediate denial.
Let's never happen.
And here's what really happened.
Now, let's go to court and figure it out.
As opposed to letting the media crucify you,
and then trying to like, you know,
when your reputation back,
which don't work too good.
Here's Poppano B.
Chelo.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm at the camera right now.
Christine Aguilar is in the front page
of the Sunset and the Lifestyle today.
I don't know if you want to check that out.
Yeah.
And Popps are out on University in MacMab Road.
And no one under the age of 112 drives down that road.
Oh, okay.
That's all I got.
I say slow down,
but in their case, I don't think they could.
No, I doubt it.
Okay, thanks for the bad news.
Oh, fine.
Here's Christine to the mosque at here that roar.
She was a mosque at here,
by the way, and looks every bit to part.
Now, that's a pretty flattering picture.
Okay.
She don't look too bad.
And not great,
but she, for her, that ate too bad.
Christina,
if you saw her last night on TRL,
she's got a hockey beaky nose, okay?
And she's real, real scrawny.
And her fingers are like pencils.
I mean, she's a scrawny.
She looks anorexic.
And if that's your thing,
there are guys that are in anorexic chicks.
Okay, if that's what you like,
believe me, Christina is your bag.
And I underline the bag part.
She ain't nothing.
Look at all the beautiful people
that are roaming around.
Just like when they do these beach shows,
for example, the shots that we see
for about a half a second,
because there are a bunch of sadists
on there on MTV.
So when you see somebody really, really good,
whatever it is,
they have a real quick shot on them,
and then they move on to somebody grow test,
usually some island person.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Shouldn't have said that.
Should I?
Sure I've said that.
Yeah.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, because they're white to the big tease, you know?
But when you think of all the really beautiful people out there,
and then they take these marginal people,
see, I could understand it if it's somebody
who's really talented,
if they can really sing.
If they're great singers, you know?
Is Jennifer Lopez a great singer?
No.
Is Ricky Martin a great singer?
No.
Is Christine Aguilarra, great singer?
No.
No.
If you start with the Nick from 98 degrees,
who happens to be a great singer,
whether you know what or not?
5, 6, 7, I don't be disagreeing
and I'll call back, which is the last thing I need.
He'll be talking about Tony Martin again.
I'm not going to say that.
Tony Yip.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0,
yeah, he's a better singer than Ricky Martin.
Remember Old Tony Martin?
I bet you don't remember him.
He couldn't sing either, by the way.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm so sick of these lawsuits.
If anybody should be sued,
it should be that Joe Suzuki
for impersonating a radio.
Radio.
He's a Suzuki.
I love that.
Suzuki, I love it.
Yeah, how about your lawsuit?
How's that going?
What lawsuit is that?
The WIOD.
Oh yeah, there we go.
That's the Bridge Center asshole again.
That guy.
Eddie Arnick.
Yeah, that is idiot.
See what I'm saying?
It must be, it's just before Labor Day now
and I'm going on vacation breeze soon, not soon enough.
But it must be now we've finally reached we've bottomed out.
You know, I've been predicting it all summer.
Actually, we've held up okay.
But I think we've finally bottomed out.
We're down to the Driggs.
There couldn't possibly be anybody here now,
except losers like this guy.
I got lost in it with a bridge.
That's it.
Yeah.
Oh boy, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're hanging on by a shoelace, baby.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got the mad dog.
Not at all for Capiton Studio.
They probably the phone line broke down or something.
You know, something, something crept out over there as usual.
That's one good thing.
You know, when you're technically in that
and real cheap like this outfit,
it's always scheduled a lot of outside remotes.
That's always a real, real good idea.
1126 at QA.
And you're in Thomas.
Here's a douchebag.
We had strong brew, no, then watered down.
Sucks.
So to demonstrate this, let's ease drop on this Saturday night day.
Hey, Julie, you want to get naked now?
Why not?
Our first date.
So what?
Look at naked.
Go away.
You're moving way too fast, hormone boy.
Now, let's check back in after just one strong brew.
Go on to get naked now.
Sure.
I'd love to, Fred.
I'm not afraid.
I'm John.
Whatever.
Call me what you want.
Watered down sucks.
Strong brew is 300% alcohol by volume and guaranteed to get a buzz on.
Hmm.
It's like this.
Five different flavors to choose from.
Strong brew.
It's 11.30 at 5.60 WQM.
Let's just end.
Thanks to whoever faxed this to a man or where this came from.
James Pruitt, a disappointing wide receiver,
played three seasons with it offends in the 1980s
before they gave up on him.
Was arrested Tuesday by federal drug agents.
Three others were arrested with him and agencies.
Four kilograms of cocaine and $27,000 in can.
Only 60 dollars.
He arrest occurred at Pruitt's Columbus, Georgia home.
Pruitt 35 was charged with drug trafficking.
Pruitt played with it offends from 1986 to 88.
Mostly is a backup to Mark Clayton and Mark Dupur,
a native of Los Angeles.
Pruitt attended Florida State Police said the cocaine they see just worth
and estimated $400,000.
Long it's 50 dollars.
So there you go.
Is the meat goes on, baby.
It's kind of a dolphin thing.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
What you just told me, I was already just hanging on by a string.
I think the string just broke.
What you just told me about power 96, taping a TV commercial in the QAM studios.
You mean in the sports studio over there?
Or something like that.
How do you like that?
The power 96 sports that are mourning nerds were in the QAM studios yesterday,
taping a TV commercial in our studios.
Which I don't understand because they got state of the art studio.
Right right now.
Huh?
Right now.
They're in there right now.
As you know, over there.
There.
Taping a TV spot.
Right now.
And we get nothing.
We don't get a guy named Sandwich Board,
much less a phone system in here that works.
Thank you, Greg.
And I'm so excited to learn that Chicago Sports Radio sucks.
That's for the good news, even though they don't have Joseph Gackie yet.
You think it's bad now?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And they got no, they got no interest in anything here today.
Yesterday the same thing.
Here's a mobile in the ranch.
Hello.
Oh, we got line eight.
Okay, we got line eight.
Turn your online one.
That line don't work.
So let's take our last call on homestead.
Hello.
That's line six.
You have to press the button harder than that.
Homestead.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, listen, I just turned on the radio.
And I heard you make mention of Tony Martin.
Was that any particular context?
What do you mean any particular context?
What does that mean?
I hadn't heard his name in about a zillion years.
You hadn't heard his name in about a zillion years.
Tony Martin that was signed by the Dolphin.
Oh, I'm talking about the thing.
Get out of here.
We're not talking old parts.
Okay, that's the only call I had.
I'm going to talk to this guy.
Tony Martin the singer from before Jesus was a
baby.
Are you crazy, sir?
Oh my god.
What did I tell you about what we got left here, man?
We're playing with an empty deck.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
You don't answer the phones.
I'll take care of it.
Just relax.
Just keep doing your show with the Joe in there.
WDQ I am.
Yes, sir.
Hey, George, how are you?
Okay.
Matt, talk to Neil.
Sure.
Where are you coming from?
Book of a tell.
Okay, let's go to Bokeh.
Hello.
Bokeh.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Turn that radio off, please.
How are you, sir?
George must not have told you to turn that radio down.
Turn that radio off, please.
How are you, sir?
Great.
I just wanted to mention to you that
that stopped low and made it to extra the other night,
concerning those teachers who were caught in that
sex club.
The swing club, yeah.
All over the world now has the sexually repressed
capital of the world.
Right.
I mean, it doesn't have body, just a little.
What would it mean, doesn't it bother me just a little?
What am I supposed to do?
Cartwheels here now and start crying?
Of course it bothers me.
What am I going to do about it, sir?
What happened to our rights?
You don't have any rights.
You live in South Florida, man.
Ken Jenny decided you don't have any rights.
It just, it infuriates me with a people selling crap
on the street.
Yeah.
I can't do what they want.
Well, maybe they got a crack problem, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, okay.
All right, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay.
You like that?
That's a bulletin, okay?
So you need the things that I bring up weeks ago.
Now all of a sudden, this guy just discovered,
it's all over the world that we're embarrassing.
Hey, how about that?
W-Q-A-M.
All right.
Yes, sir?
Hi.
Hi.
How long time has it been, Neil?
What are you calling from?
Dan Berry, Connecticut.
Okay, let's take a call from Dan Berry, Connecticut.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Good.
I finally got the internet here.
I got you going to tell us pretty good.
Great.
Finally, everybody around here can hear you.
Everybody in the world has listened.
Too bad we don't have a toll-free number,
so you wouldn't have to be paying for this call,
but at least we picked it up real quick, right?
No, you picked it up in seconds.
Excellent.
That's right, because we knew you were calling long distance.
That's right.
But I can't stop that.
We have to go griffin.
You're doing psychic readings on the phone lines.
All right.
Good.
Well, I just want to let you know that everybody up here is listening to T
and be prepared for the frogs coming down from Canada.
Okay.
Because they're running everybody off the road here.
Okay.
Thanks for the bad news.
Sure.
All right.
There you go.
Dan Berkinetic.
You see what I'm saying?
When I pick up the calls, they're from all over the world.
Because I got the magic touch.
Just ask Shirley Peters on their showtale on much music.
WQAM.
Hey, another call from Boko.
I'll worry about you.
All right.
All right.
I heard you talking a little bit about Tony Martin,
a singer earlier.
You know he's not a distant cousin of Dean Martin,
but Dean Martin, you can buy his new tape
so the best to roast.
His new tape?
His old tape.
Dean Martin is making new tapes.
And believe it or not, the six feet under,
but they're not very clear.
They're kind of scranchey.
You can buy the best roast ever from Dean Martin.
And he refers to Tony Martin's singer
at least three or four times or no tape.
So I'm glad you're bringing up the local topics
about Tony Martin.
Okay.
Thank you.
You're
woof.
Wow.
WQAM.
Yeah.
I caught a chunk of the first team this morning.
And I heard that Brian Murray said something
about the organization.
The organization.
You got to say it right to the organization.
I was just wondering what kind of comments he made
if he was talking about making any kind of trade.
No, he said, maybe one other, maybe one little fine tune
later on if they get somebody cheap,
but other than that, what you see is what you get.
That's what he said.
Oh, a lot to look forward to.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
See you at the games.
Okay.
Oh, by the way, speaking of seeing the games,
I forgot to mention the good news yesterday.
Last month, I get a letter from the Panthers.
It's my statement and the balance do whatever it is.
A month do this statement zero.
Nothing do right now.
So I'm assuming there will be another statement coming
when I pay off the rest of the deal,
which the station reimburse me for if I live long enough.
And no problem.
So I forget about it.
Yesterday, I get a thing from the four Panthers.
And it's not a bill for the remaining balance.
It's a your past new man.
Where's the money sweetheart?
It was due August 19, which I'm supposed to be psychic
because I never read you got any notice that it was due.
August 19.
Now they've given me the middle of 27th,
which is three days away.
So I immediately made out a check,
put it in the mailbox last night when rushing
to the post office, put it in the mailbox
to make sure they get it by tomorrow at the very latest,
which is the 25th.
It would help you guys.
I don't want to say that you don't know your left hand
for me right now.
You don't know what you're doing over there
at the Macarena and that organization.
But your billing practice is a little bit bizarre, okay?
How can I be past due and not pay the payment
when you tell me I don't owe anything last statement?
You clowns, you idiots, you.
WQAM.
Why don't you stick with Jan and Dick?
WQAM, man that's when we're going back to Jan,
very early, 12 o'clock hour.
QAM.
Yeah, Neil, I'm Carl from Gainesville.
Yes, sir.
And you know, in this whole world about people killing each other,
people have guns everywhere and everything.
The biggest throwing Gainesville
is at the present university is resigning this week.
Yeah.
And that, hey, I got news for you,
the front page of the Herald this morning,
that's the front page story, the upper right hand corner.
Like that's the biggest story in the world
is the presence of FU is resigning this week.
Yeah, and the front page,
the front page, the front page, the Tampa page.
How do you like that?
Exactly.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
That's right.
Let him go be present up there with a semen holes
or something like that.
22 before noon at 560 WQAM.
Spider-bane, spider-bane, old drug get.
Spider-bane, new red.
It's really gross.
That's why they use that kid,
and he hopes to wear over their legs.
Spider-bane,
spider-bane,
new leaf,
it's not a brandy sight.
You see,
it's more like a new GNAF,
a classic style,
new road style.
Give it a hug,
13th all day,
or give him birth in a frequent way.
Get a face that's red and grow inside.
From her ankle to her thigh,
all up and down her legs.
Look at the spider-bane.
Up and down her legs,
she got spider-bane.
It's 1143 at 560 WQAM,
a little screenless action here for a while,
just for a little variety.
See if that's going to help you think?
No, we'll see.
Got a call in here from Connecticut.
We got two inane calls from one good one,
one bad one from Bokeh.
That's not bad, 50%.
560 7 0 5 60,
0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Football rules.
No, get football rules.
There you go.
There's one of those sports there.
Football rules.
Now, if there's one of our QAM people,
you know what I'm talking about?
There he is.
Football rules.
Football.
That's not what the T by the way.
It's F-O-O-B-A-L-L-L-L-L.
Football.
All right, bobo, bozo.
Moron.
Idiot.
Embecile.
Syphilin.
Jackass.
Nice go and Greg.
God bless you, baby.
And your goddamn sports format.
So I'm getting out of gigantic magnet.
Attract just attracting every moron,
every no life, no brain.
And you know something back in the days when we were on,
I don't want to say IOD.
And they were doing this crap over here.
And they were doing their two shares.
It was kind of laughable.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
How did you QAM?
Hey, it's my book that was you help me blow out?
WQAM, hello.
Neil, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
You're in a few jobs today, huh?
I'm doing a job.
Hey, uh, question for you.
Why can't politics know it is just focus on the issues that hand
and never mind trying to find garbage on everyone?
Sir, I hate to break the news to you,
but if somebody wants to be the president of the United States
and wants to, you know, have his finger on a button
that can blow up the whole world,
I think that we ought to know probably a little bit more about him
than what they decide that they're going to tell us or not.
No, I agree with that.
If somebody has got a, has got a compulsive, uh,
you know, uh, uh, personality, you know,
whether it's the booze or whether it's drugs or whatever it is.
If somebody's got that kind of a, uh, problem
and whether it's president or past,
they're always the possibility it could make a comeback.
Okay, well, I agree with you, sir.
But my thing is focus on the issues
and if there's anything that that would make, uh,
Focus on the issues.
Are you talking about George Bush?
When's he going to start doing that?
Okay, I know that.
I think you're a televocated, okay?
But first of all, they're not, they're not,
they're trying to get them out first off
by showing his, they're not in background.
There are nobody's trying to get them off.
They're trying to make him answer questions.
He's the one that brought up the business about,
how he could pass the, the National Security Test
back when his president was,
his father was elected to president.
He could pass the test.
He could still pass it today.
And they're asking, well, what about before then?
And he's going, uh, well,
no, I think he's, he's losing credibility
by not addressing the issue and saying yes or no.
That's right.
All it requires is a,
or no.
That's it. That's all it requires.
Where's the,
you know, the reason why he doesn't want to do that
is because he has some of the strictest drug laws in the country.
And if he goes out and said, yeah,
I've done cocaine when I was in my early 20s.
But when you said, but sir,
when you've already said that you haven't done it
in the last 25 years,
since you were 28,
that's like an admission.
That's a tacit admission that you did it
before you were 28.
And he's putting people in jail every day of,
every month of every year.
I'm going to take this.
Why wouldn't you come out and do the same?
Yes, so then why would you start out by saying then?
Why don't we just stick to the issues?
It is.
No, no, no, no.
What I'm saying is there should be combination.
I mean, all right.
No one has got to.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, he had, we talked about Tony Martin.
Let's bring out the,
let's bring out Sammy K too, huh?
Benny Goodman,
a little swing and sway with Sammy K.
Or Sammy Smith, one of the other.
Yeah, there you go.
He could do something useful.
God almighty.
I mean, you talk about doing a tap then, sir.
The fact is if somebody wants to be president
and they've got some kind of a, you know,
a problem or did have in the past,
the public has a right to know about that.
I don't think that people want somebody sitting there
with their finger on the button,
who's had a drinking problem.
Whether it's five minutes ago or 25 years ago.
And you and regardless of whether they want or not,
I think they have at least in title to make that judgment.
That's all we're supposed to be worried about
who was screwing home.
I don't think that's really going to make a hell of a lot of
difference.
WQAN.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, your show is pretty good.
WQAN.
WQAN.
Speaking to me.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Man, you must be delayed.
What can we do for you, sir?
Well,
I don't want to talk about.
In between bites, what can we do for you?
Yeah, I'm having a kind of a fight.
Yeah, it sounds like it.
Yeah, it sounds pretty good.
Hey, I just want to talk about me and Penga.
Yeah.
What's he doing?
I'll come into QA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just mobile and waterdale.
It's all on the say you're doing a great job.
Need more people like you speaking out.
And I listen to you all the time and you help the day go by a lot better.
Don't say day go.
For all us working sluppers, I'm a day go myself, Neil.
All right.
And listen, I want to say we need a new stadium in Miami like we need five more seasons.
Okay, thank you.
WQAN.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes.
Yeah, yes, I want to know.
Great.
We win double in the coming to Miami.
Boba Boba Boba Boba Boba Boba.
Wend double in the coming to Miami.
Boba Boba Boba Boba Boba Boba Boba Boba.
What is it?
I say.
WQAN.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
So, um, how are the Republicans going to answer this question?
Crossed by the way.
What is it?
I said, how the Republican is going to answer this question?
How can they bet this?
What do you mean the Republicans that are going to the question?
No, it's not up to them.
Up to the Bush people.
He's there.
He doesn't have the nomination yet.
They are coalescing around this.
No, no, no, no.
They are coalescing around this.
Sir, sir, you asked me a question.
I'm trying to answer and you're telling me,
wait, okay, you go ahead and now listen to you, boy.
Thank you.
Now, they're coalescing around this guy
because he is the only one that can beat four.
Sir, they're not coalescing around.
And if you saw the talking head shows on Sunday morning,
they're doing anything but they're ripping him an ass.
No, you got down right now.
And hatch ripping him.
Yeah.
Okay.
They're rubbing her hands together with the Glee.
That's right.
Absolutely.
And they should rub their hands together with Glee.
That's right.
Okay.
Because these guys with him in 1992,
they were clinton in 1992.
Yeah.
Unmercifully.
Right.
Okay.
And they talked about his Vietnam war avoidance.
Sir, look.
Don't come to me to give you some answer
if the Republican Party doesn't have a candidate
who's worth a pack of crap.
There's nothing I can do about that.
Now we're supposed to.
What's the best that they can do
is people like Gary Bauer and Pat Buchanan
and the Steve Forbes with a personality like a dead man
who makes Al Gorelok look like
I'm actually in jumping beans.
That's their problem.
Well, let me tell you something.
George Bush is a boob.
Okay.
Who has no substance whatsoever.
Yeah.
Ask him any question on the issue.
He has no positions.
Okay.
He's just a boob.
Yeah.
A boob boob.
He just got through telling me
that he's the only one who can beat Al Gorel.
Well, the Republicans think he's the only one
that can beat Al Gorel.
Are you a Republican?
No, I'm not.
So, uh, go dance the jig.
Okay.
Go dance in a hallway, Pat.
Let's have a party.
Okay.
There you go.
Let's get Sammy Kahn is a band of renowned
or whatever it was that it's swinging the,
whatever it's swinging sway, uh, because you're gay.
Man, oh man.
These, these, you people out there
got so many problems of your own doing.
Just go out and have a party.
Okay.
Just go get drunk.
Just have a big celebration.
Okay.
Invite George.
Yeah.
And he'll drop a few for you.
He'll drop his doors for you.
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, man?
How you doing?
What's up?
Yeah.
You sure it's pretty good, man?
We're having fun over here, man.
Yeah, sounds like it.
Tell her to put her pantaloonies back on.
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Neil.
WQAM.
Now we're getting the real soft lubricants,
admitting their problems.
They're, he's lost.
Uh-huh.
No kidding.
Have you seen the front page of the Sun
Sentinel today?
Yes.
Yeah.
What's the, uh,
lead story is the
Pompano High School band has a reunion.
Yeah.
What kind of crappy,
lousy newspaper is this?
crappy, lousy newspaper.
Hello Sun Sentinel.
Looks like a little country newspaper.
Well, look on the editorial page where it says that the age of 40
should be the legal age for consenting about that sex.
I think that makes a lot of sense.
Don't you?
Uh-huh.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I want to tell you, man, F. Marino.
I don't care about Marino.
Yeah.
Every day, it's been living here for 13 years.
Well, number 13.
There you go.
And now look at that.
Number 13 and 13 years.
Great minds work alike.
Never cared about Marino, man.
And let me tell you something else.
Welcome.
You went off a whammy, man.
How come I went off the embarrassment factor was too high?
Oh, man, I love that.
So I would stay up night just with you.
They still my arm, because I couldn't continue.
Yeah, that was really a great experience there.
Whammy.
In fact, that was the defining moment of this town.
Was the whole whammy experience.
That was their idea of putting on a great local station.
That was their idea of really getting involved in the putting together some great local programming.
Not.
And by the way, the news, the sports, all of that's going off.
You do know you are aware of that, aren't you, by the way?
All going off because they, well, they just can't afford it, you know?
Whammy.
Got it.
It's up.
Pretty embarrassing.
I mean, they sure put a lot of effort into that production.
You couldn't hear the audio.
You couldn't see the video.
They didn't put one creative thing in it.
See, I hate to break the news to those guys, even though they can't hear me.
Because Maddie Lashman is a crowd around there in a West Coast.
I don't mean to floor it.
I mean, a US as far as they can get them.
But television is a visual medium.
You have to put something in there.
Like I said, even if they would have run like Hannah, you know,
all the beautiful people from the MTV stuff, the people from 10s,
if they would have put that on there.
Did they do it?
No.
Did they do anything?
No.
That's why the show is not on, sir.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
Who?
Yes, sir.
A-N-E-L.
A-N-L.
I'm listening, sir.
Yeah, how's it going?
What can we do for you?
Yeah, I don't know.
Uh-huh.
W-Q-A-M.
A-N-L.
Isn't that amazing how they just love to dial the number in here, my voice?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Well, just as good as I was 14 seconds ago.
Great.
Neil, the other day, I had me in two best with a couple of friends,
whatever we're partying.
And we're walking to look for a taxi, whatever.
Yeah.
We meet a bunch of these little girls.
Let me not say little girls.
Like 18, 19, whatever.
That's a little girl, is 18 or 19?
Well, for me, it's a little girl.
Yeah, how old are you?
How old are you?
How old are you?
That's not a little girl.
No, it's perfect.
So, anyways, legal.
Yeah.
So, anyways, my friends started talking to a bunch of them.
And I meet these two girls, really pretty, whatever.
Yeah.
They're talking to them.
And they're like, oh, you must be all messed up, all drunk.
And I'm like, no, no, no, I'm on crack.
They're like, you're on crack.
I'm like, no, I'm a spartus.
And Neil, they were two eatish, little Jewish girls.
And when I said that, I go, no.
But it looks like a spartus, she goes, yeah.
They're dirty animals.
Can you really do that?
Yeah.
You good?
And, no, nothing, whatever.
Okay, thanks.
So, let them lose their souls.
Maybe she saw the Godfather one time too many.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Damn, Marina.
Fuck, sorry.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have something to say to all these stupid,
literate callers that are calling in.
Don't waste the air time.
Quit calling it.
There would be something else.
Yeah.
That's all I have to say, Neil.
Okay, thank you.
I don't stop calling.
No painting attention to him.
Just keep those phones buzzing.
That's the way I like it.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Oh.
It's a fantastic lesson
in human nature watching this.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, buddy?
I'm doing great.
Good.
You know what?
You should run for president.
Because we don't have a damn person
that can run in this country.
Yeah.
Maybe Barney Faggotter one first kind of paved the way for me.
And you can have Georgia's advice present?
No, I don't think so.
I don't want to pick him.
Okay, thank you.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Steve Nichol here.
This was just telling you hello.
Yeah, pretty weak.
Pretty weak Steve Nichol, okay?
Pretty weak.
Just telling you hello.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh my god, I'm going to tell you seriously
if there's anybody who ever thought
that there was a place that's the end of the Earth,
guess what?
Open the limo and look outside.
You're in it.
This is it.
This is the end of the world.
Even Scheter Davis never saw
an end of the world like this one.
How's she doing, by the way, old Scheter?
W-D-Q-I-N.
Only if.
W-D-Q-I-N.
W-D-Q-I-N.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
It doesn't matter.
W-D-Q-I-N.
My bum is on the loan.
My bum is on the loan.
I love the, oh, by the way, that was number two,
three last night.
Number three on the TRL, Tom Green.
The bum bum song, number three.
How do you like that?
He said kids call it and devote for it.
And they did.
I saw it, son.
I don't even know.
It's a horrible video that goes on much, much too long.
And it's not even mildly amusing to be on.
Have you seen it?
Oh, you'll be just in shock.
You'll say, well, you know, it's him.
So it's got a little bit of amusement in there,
but generally speaking, it's not up to his caliber of humor.
But nonetheless, number three on TRL.
Which is kind of embarrassing, because Nick and Jeff were hosting
the show from 98 degrees, and they were number four.
The first week on the bum bum song, Tom Green.
I'm amazed at anybody in this town.
He's even allowed to watch the Tom Green show
when he come right down to it.
I'll tell you one thing that's still legal.
I mean, any day now, they may outlaw this too,
and that's great cigar smoking pleasure
from our friends at Nick's cigars.
That's right.
One of these days, you know, a sheriff can
or somebody in Broward, somebody in Dave, they'll say,
well, we better step in and make this illegal
because people are having too good of a time
smoking those great cigars.
But the last time I checked it still, kosher, it's still okay.
It's a fucking play that to Hank ID.
Have you got it there?
No, no, seriously, because I want to discuss this
before we continue, before the show goes on.
WQAM, Miami for Lauderdale.
Yeah.
Okay, so he slurred a little bit, okay,
when you're fat like Hank and I am,
you slur every night.
And at least he didn't say the spokesman anyway.
Now, what were you just arguing about since you always
agreed with everything I say?
And by the way, you did say dinner for Lopez and the skank.
She looks like she's gotten punched in the nose.
Yeah, a little time after James Barrett.
But at any rate, we were just talking about food and I was,
I was trying to explain to you,
why is it so difficult to understand?
Well, listen to me carefully.
Atlantic City Sub's, we love them, they're great, okay?
Fantastic, good stuff.
And they brought food in this morning for unfortunately,
the worst team.
And nevertheless, when they bring the food in,
there's some laying around, we get some because they like us too.
And I take the Italian sub that's all rolled up
and it's got toothpicks through and it's cut in half,
which is great.
And I take the, I don't eat the bread.
I use the bread like with the brown word.
The dining room, he is the holder.
And I eat the cool cuts and the onions and lettuce
and tomatoes all wrapped up.
And it's great, it tastes fantastic.
Like a sub sandwich without the bread, right?
And every time I say to you,
let's get that one out the bread.
You talk about a platter of cold cuts.
I don't want a platter of cold cuts.
Just like yesterday,
Nishi sends me 600 pounds of cold cuts.
I'm talking about that.
I don't want that.
I want to sandwich you.
Just get the sandwiches.
And then you can eat the sandwich without it.
Because otherwise, every time it comes like it was yesterday.
So you want that without the bread?
Is all you want.
Get the effing sandwiches is what I said.
Get it with the bread.
Use the bread as a holder or just wipe your
breakfast with it or whatever.
Jeff, why is it so difficult?
I know you.
That's what I thought the first time
was the English sandwich thing.
Like I said, you said they know without the bread.
You're a great bread.
English.
I don't want the bread necessarily.
But if you don't understand it,
you can do it.
Like with toothpicks through it.
Don't you understand?
Couldn't you stick a toothpick through it without the bread?
Yes.
And I did.
But that's so complicated.
Just get the sandwiches.
I'll throw the bread away.
Like here.
Take a look in the waist bag.
It's going to okay.
You're going to be the effing bread.
See that?
There's the evidence.
I never touched it.
I never ate it.
I never sniffed it.
I used it a whole day.
My bread away this morning.
I didn't know that.
I used it a whole day for my meat.
If I can say that.
That's why, and since Joe was an ad can sort of guide.
So I thought we could just get a full stop.
I'm tighter with no bread.
There is the bread.
We've always thought that bread on us.
Because none of us are going to eat bread.
But what they don't care.
How much can this bread cost them anyway for a croissant?
They keep themselves.
They're a lot.
So there you go.
Even cheaper.
And Joe wants the bread.
Call Tom Green.
Call undercutter subs.
God.
I mean, you talk about making a production out of nothing.
Just get the subsamble.
Just throw the bread away.
Then there's no complicated instructions.
We don't have to worry about getting the whole platter
like I did yesterday.
Oh my god.
I like it rolled up.
You know, so like it's all together.
Instead of like that thing I had yesterday.
With all due respect, you see, I mean, get serious.
WQAN.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is it Neil?
Yes, it is.
Is it Roy or is it WQAN?
Yes, sir.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Neil, George's out of control.
I have a thing to get to show now.
He's steady up here.
He's what?
He's steady bothering you.
I just turned off for a second and George,
you were going out and he doesn't understand that.
Every time he gets a show, I don't understand what you just said.
Whenever you're in your absence, he does a show.
Right.
And ever since that, is anyone who has a business,
you have to undergrad, start to get a taste of it.
He's not going to be in line.
Oh, you're in line.
Oh, there's no question about that.
Since I, since he started doing a philanthropic occasion,
what he does is while I'm doing this show,
he practices a show in there and Joseph's
in there in his audience.
He does a show in there with Joe Castella while I'm on the ear.
And it's very...
Every day, in between, marking down the names
of the chronic cause on a yellow pad.
And it has a bad marriage.
It's going to be lower at some point.
Yeah.
Oh, I guess he forgot the bird.
OK, listen, very good points there, actually.
But he's not listening.
He's ordering lunch.
No, sir, sir, I could say anything
that would make any difference.
Because he's not paying any attention to anything
I'm saying right now.
He's in law, and he's, say exactly.
And Joe is, you know, he's not...
Joe is just on the payroll here now.
He's making up for last time.
He's just getting paid for sitting around
to be in an audience, which is fine.
Don't bother me.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
It's the jackpot, baby, and it's still in here.
All right, asshole from Hollywood.
All right.
A. As in major.
He's an asshole.
Yes, all right.
When they start sounding like you
with that whiny, whimpering voice,
that's when it becomes chronic, OK?
That's when it becomes unethical acceptable.
Any other questions?
W-D-Q-A-M?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, mobile and four-mire.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, listen, I just got to thank you for last week
when you were talking about the pizza.
Yeah.
OK, I had...
How did you go to Godfather's?
Yes, I found...
I looked it up right away in the phone book.
It wasn't in there.
And you never guess what it is.
It's in a damn head-scath station,
a new head-scath station where they got...
You know, they got these food things up here now.
And so that's the thing.
You get gas in your car and gas in your ass, I guess,
is the way it's the...
Or, yeah, double burl...
Yes.
Double food.
It was good, though.
It was the same as it was before.
That nice taste and sauce and stuff like that.
So it was really good.
Did you try to have the Mexican pizza still?
No, they just basically just had the pizzas they would make come.
And you can actually order them to go through.
They don't deliver, of course, but you can go there
and order the only...
I guess like dominoes and stuff, but much better.
Much better than all other crap that they had.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
I'll put them on their map again, man.
Nobody nailed it.
Thanks.
OK, there you go.
We got a caller in four of Myers-Dewin-Over-It's Ride.
Godfather's nice going to you.
Oh!
Well, we need Godfather's back here desperately.
I mean, desperately.
What a great place.
It's so typical.
Anything good.
You know what I'm talking about?
OK.
Yeah.
More to the good stuff that comes here vanishes, just like him.
By the way, Eric Fashley, I think this morning about how my Howard was out in the LA.
He was visiting their FM, KFI's FM, whatever that is, which they have in mind in the morning.
And he went to the studio at night at KFI because he's now become a big Phil Henry fan.
And was sitting there watching Phil Doors thing, which, of course, watching the show and Phil does it,
watching the way he uses that phone and do the voices.
That's really special.
It's unbelievable.
And I'm thinking to myself, boy, Howard, could you learn something about comedy watching the film?
WDQAM?
How come?
WDQAM?
For good.
See, how come your specs have nothing to say?
Those aren't my specs.
Those are your specs.
No, no, how come your specs have nothing to say?
I'm not even saying you.
I mean, see, you take it personal again.
You don't mind.
Go as right up there.
I'm saying your specs, meaning you, your people out there in Radio Land.
Not you.
Those aren't mine.
I just got through saying they're not you.
I just got, how come you're?
Now and now it's yours.
Jesus Christ, I was right there called before.
Man, since you started doing these film shows, you're just a maniac.
You're out of control.
You're a lunatic.
And defensive, defensive, the most defensive professional Cuban I've ever seen in my life.
You changed dramatically over these last months.
You've become like a little Cuban on the legs.
I am not.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Here's the other one, yeah?
You think Dallas stars is, what is it?
You think Dallas starts coming back?
Yeah, Dallas, when you were just picking, it was called me back, okay?
Baby crap.
Dallas stars WDQAM.
Neo God speaking.
For my is normal.
All right.
Yeah, this guy must be crazy over here thinking that God's father's piece is good.
I took a look in there.
Yeah.
You took a look in there.
Did you eat the pizza, sir?
I wouldn't want to look the other way.
Let me say it again.
Did you eat the pizza?
That's the question.
The answer is obviously no.
And guess what?
You lose.
We believe the other guy.
Now I'm not saying that God's father's is necessarily the same as it was because it's a long, long time years and years since we've had him down here.
But the other guy said he actually tried it and it was great.
See, I don't go into a place and look at the pizza.
You know, I tried.
If I'm going to make the effort to go into the place, I'll probably try it.
And see what it tastes like.
He reminds me of the guy of the woman at that time that was shopping for a slice of pizza because I always remember I told that three years ago.
She was in there shopping for a slice.
She was ahead of me online.
And no, she was looking at it.
Now I don't want that one.
And she took like five minutes deciding which slice you want to.
While the thing was sitting there getting nice and cold.
And by the way, how come we don't have hardly any places in this town like they do in any real city like in Toronto downtown is pizza pizza?
It's great.
I love it.
Even though I shouldn't be eating no pizza with crust, but I love it.
And they got a whole different variety of them.
And you go in there and they order a slice.
Whatever kind you want with peppers, with sausage, with pepperoni, whatever.
And they stick in the oven and heat it back up for a couple of minutes.
It's great.
They're always mad.
Round of clock.
They're always busy.
How come we don't have that here?
Can you imagine going to New York and not find an Azzidian places out there that have pizza by the slice?
Of course not.
Boston?
A million places.
LA?
Any real city.
Do we have that here?
No.
Here's Ots.
Ten past known at 560 WQA in the-
It's new and it's dead burger team.
Godfather Trilogy action figures.
They're fun for the whole family.
Collect all ten mob action figures with each whopper fries and super large drink.
And that a super large drink.
No exception.
Get Sunny in his favorite garbage can.
So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out Sunny's sister.
Or get the bullet riddled body of Sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth.
Wow.
Isn't that great?
And press all your friends with the done himself.
I'll make him an offer.
He can't refuse.
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures.
Remember, it's only business and it's a burger team.
How come he to 560 WQA?
By the way, I got to call all Surley and psychotic at me and claim that I had bad taste and I don't know my women.
You know what?
After you know, he's upset because he had several masturbatory experiences,
lots of the Jennifer Lopez video, scored score and you can't put it back in.
And it's one of those things you can't take it back.
You know, like a compliment.
You can say, hey, you're a really good guy and then you fight out.
He's an asshole.
I take it back.
You're an asshole.
But scored score.
You know, once it's out, you can't put it back in.
Right.
You can't suck it back in.
WQA, I'm hello.
I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking, sir.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Wayne, this to you.
Good at you.
It's just calling to say, this is great.
I'm a first time long time listening to the return of the lightning round.
It's sounding like George's on the way.
It's not the lightning round.
It's just that every now and then these people need to kick in the ass and we do this for some reason
all of a sudden they come out of their shell.
It's just an nature of these, this town.
I've been doing it for 100 years.
Well, I hope that George is going to take the route of the bird.
What does that mean?
Well, you ran him off, right?
I ran him off.
Then we ran him self-off.
Well, fair enough.
If I have a shameless request, the Barney bit where the Barney's taken a dump with all
the gas being discussed with the dump bothers, could you play that?
I'll work on it.
Thank you so much.
Okay, I think the answer is no.
No, I'm just getting pretty ponderous.
You know what I'm saying?
Get almost as ponderous as that.
Yes, that.
How's that lawsuit coming by the way with WI-D?
How's the good friends Bob and Sheryl doing over there?
Remember Bob Green when you took to the swing club that time?
WQAM?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You have to call and tell you thank you very much.
I went to Vegas and plunge my brains out.
And was that your first time?
First time.
And?
Unbelievable.
What a grace.
The best.
Where did you stay?
The Rio.
Oh, so sorry.
No, I just got a bad experience in there one time and I hate the Rio.
In addition to which it's so far off the beaten path, why would you want to stay there?
Yeah, absolutely.
I guess it was a good first time because it gave us an opportunity to decide where we want to go back to.
But you did rent a car though, right?
Absolutely.
Okay, well, that's okay.
Yeah, I drove through the desert to the Grand Canyon.
Right.
Very scary ride.
But it's amazing to see all the stuff out there.
I mean, in the middle of the desert, in the middle of nowhere, how they did this.
Thank you, Bugsie.
Seigo, God bless you.
Absolutely.
And thank you Neil for allowing us to, or promoting it on the air, I should say, for this number of years.
Hey, believe it or not, man, there are actually places in this country where you can have a good time.
This is not one of them, but Vegas, you're is.
Yeah, thanks, Neil.
Okay, glad you enjoyed it.
I like it.
They had a really interesting thing.
I think it was, what was I watching in Toronto over the weekend on the CBC or somewhere?
I don't know, it was on A&E.
It was on A&E about Bugsie Seagull and about the early days.
In fact, it wasn't just about Bugsie Seagull, but it was about the early days with the saloons and the cat houses in Vegas.
And then about how the war came along and they had to shut the 16th Street cat houses down.
And then about how Bugsie Seagull came along.
Because they already had gambling out there, which I was nowhere, if they had some downtown, very small casinos in the 40s.
And then Bugsie came along and that's when they moved it to the built of flamingo at a very outrageous cost and the start of the strip.
So thank you, Bugsie Seagull.
WRFN Peace.
WDQAM.
All right, sports fans.
Now two o'clock, Jim. Two o'clock.
Can you hold it?
All right.
Thank you. WDQAM.
Robin, you're my arrest.
OK, there's a bulletin for you. OK?
Robin, you're my arrest.
That's not what I heard this morning from the spokesman.
Have we had any hockey calls today?
No.
Except that one, the little baby talk, who the other?
The Dallas, Dallas.
You have any idea how people laugh at you, sir, when you talk like that?
Everybody in this community.
It's such a black eye for every Hispanic of every descent, when you start with a little Spanish baby talk.
The Dallas style.
It's almost as bad as New Jersey.
Can you tell me about the New Jersey devil?
You know, after you've been here, when you've lived here your whole life, you think you'd be able to learn to speak the language, OK?
And that goes back to you, Bubonic speakers, too.
Let me say it again.
Peter Warrell.
He speaks perfect English.
He can't play hockey with a crap, but he speaks perfect English.
Kevin Wiggs.
He speaks perfect English, OK?
Mike Greer speaks perfect English.
Grant Führer.
All the dark, complex Canadians.
All those people I saw in Finland, all three of them.
All two are smarts as I saw in Cologne, Germany.
They speak perfect German, whatever language they're speaking.
They don't be speaking Bubonics.
One of the most disastrous thing.
If anybody believes out there for a second that this isn't a racist, a disgustingly racist country,
the fact that the education system and the government that operates it,
allow people to walk around, speaking like that, and graduate them through a middle school,
and through a high school, and give them some kind of a piece of paper that says that they're like a human being.
It's a disgrace.
It's a disgrace.
Give me a song and a dance about, well, you know, if it's spoken in the home, too bad, OK?
How about if we don't have any more illiterate teachers?
How would that be for a start?
How that would be good?
Teachers and principals who are speaking Bubonics.
And they're supposed to be able to teach kids to speak properly.
What a joke that is.
A big fricking joke.
How about bringing in people who are articulate and qualified and paying them some serious money to educate your kids?
And you people won't stand for that because you don't give a crap enough about your kids.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, Neil, I've listened to you for years.
Yes.
And I enjoy you.
I like you, show.
I actually call it many times.
There's a big butt coming.
I'm not going to tell you.
How about I can spell it, yeah?
I bet.
I'm back in and listen.
You're a stand with George W.
I hate to say it, Neil, but I'm not going to call you a hypocrite, but your stand is very hypocritical.
No, it's not.
It is, Neil.
I mean, I was really thinking about that.
It's been anybody else.
I know you don't like the guy because he's, you know, George is son.
He's a public advocate.
And I don't, sir, he doesn't stand for anything.
Before this business about the alleged cocaine or drug use came out, I still didn't like him.
This has got nothing to do with why I like him.
He doesn't stand for anything.
I was trying to plug different personalities into that.
And if anybody else had come out and had a drug use, it's incident 25 years ago, you would be wrong.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's not a drug use drug.
It cocaine.
If it was marijuana, I couldn't care less.
Not cocaine.
Cocaine and booze.
He's got an addictive personality.
It sounds like to me.
I don't think most people want a president who has an addictive personality.
Or if they do want one, I think at least they've got to write to know that before they go and make an intelligent vote.
And you know what I do.
But Neil, 15 years ago, you know, how about if he murdered somebody 15 years ago?
No, I'm saying 15 years ago, a gay guy couldn't, you know, hold a position.
I mean, excuse the pun, but what does that have to do with it?
What is that thing?
He was beheading an addictive personality.
What is your comment?
You're constantly saying that the drug loan in this country are arcane, right?
Yeah, no, I'm not talking about cocaine.
Only marijuana.
Cocaine shouldn't be legalized or decriminalized, of course not.
Cocaine is one of the most dangerous substances we have.
It's killing this country, sir.
Well, the thing is, the guy made a mistake 25 years ago.
I don't like it.
So why the guy?
I don't like it.
Why doesn't he admit it?
Why doesn't he just say that?
You know, I don't know who has his ear.
Maybe he's getting bad advice.
But the thing is this, it's 25 years ago.
No, no, sir, you don't understand.
The question is why doesn't he be forth, why won't he be forthcoming?
This was the thing with Clinton.
He lied about this and he lied about that.
All of which was true.
Then how come this guy, instead of, you know, being more like Clinton,
you think that he want to be exactly the opposite?
Okay, I did some experiment with drugs.
I had a booze problem.
That was a long time ago.
Okay, fine.
And I think the thing is, if he came out and admitted it,
totally in the open, then you would never have a problem with it.
I know, I would have much less of a problem.
That's right.
Okay, but I still wouldn't support him under any circumstances.
Oh, no, of course that is.
But as far as that, I don't think anybody would.
And that's what they're all saying.
They're not saying, oh my god, this is an evil guy.
Because he wants to do a couple of lines of Coke or whatever he did.
They're saying he's a frickin' liar.
If the answer is no, say it's no.
And if not, come clean, that's all.
No, that I agree with.
But just the fact that he did it, I mean,
he should not prevent him from running for the freedom.
And all the pens on the circumstance,
depends on whether we had a serious problem.
I mean, if somebody had a real serious Coke problem
and a booze problem, like I said,
the public may not judge that that's the kind of person
they want sitting there with their thumb on it.
You know what I'm saying?
No, exactly.
Okay.
I retract my stick.
Okay, you're in.
You're forgiven.
I'm backing out.
God bless you.
Back out easily, carefully.
5, 6, 7, 0.
That's what El Goldstein said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
No, in the house case it was just,
and pound 5, 6, 8 on the mobile one line.
See how easily I have quickly turned him around, so to speak?
No, I'm not a goody-two shoes.
Like I said, I'm the last person in the world to be a God-damn-goody-two shoes.
But I still say, and it flies against all the things
I know you guys out there, you want to bang your teachers,
you did bang or whatever.
It's not right.
It's not acceptable.
School teachers shouldn't be having sex with the kids.
And you people out there say, oh yeah, well, if it's my son,
all right, nice going, Johnny.
But if it's my daughter, yeah, blow your brains up.
Or if it should be the neighborhood priest,
which of course it probably is.
And then for some reason, that's okay.
Nobody seems all uptight about that, you know?
What if your son was having sex with a male teacher?
Well, that's what I mentioned about the priest.
Oh, a male teacher?
They're just being sure.
WQAM?
Yeah, how are you?
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, I wouldn't sure if competent management
getting it eyebrows and gags, and the gags he off the air.
Sir, the incompetent management of this radio station
is obsessed with Joseph Gaggi, or, or he also has
some of those naked pictures of Greg Reed with a Billy Goat.
Listen, when he said last night, I get in the car.
I'm over here for my, I was listening to 770.
Still live from after, listen to UBS afternoon.
Call our calls and he goes, oh, what do you think, goat?
Cecil Collins runs so good.
Joe's remarked, well, maybe he was born to run.
You know, like the Wolf Spring Stream song, you know?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That was just fine.
Very good, by the way, excellent job.
This guy is a disgrace to radio journalism.
Absolutely, goat journalism.
Come on, let's see, you're getting carried away now.
No, I mean, I'm pinpointed just unbelievable.
But Greg Reed sucks.
Joe's is a gaggi, really suck.
And I'm behalf of the entire staff, I want you to know
that we are all, everyone in this building is embarrassed as hell,
and we apologize profusely in which we could do something.
And let's go, Marlon's baby.
We had a Marlon game tonight.
Maybe he was born to run.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
If he could catch the ball, he'll make the team.
It's just a simple job.
I'm at a deals radar.
I'm going to come up here today.
Okay, now, come over next Monday.
I think you got to make your hired.
Did I get barbecue?
Did I get barbecue?
That's good.
I mean, seriously, you listen and you think to yourself,
now wait a minute, what kind of an imbecile could have put this man on the radio
and made your market?
You know, he makes the Lenny Martez spot sound like agency spots, really.
I'm talking about, like, from a real agency.
That's how bad he is.
Joe's a gaggi sucks.
Joe's a gaggi sucks.
Joe's a gaggi sucks.
Joe's a gaggi sucks.
Joe's a gaggi sucks.
I'm just going to play that till two o'clock, you know.
Make me feel a lot better.
I would make me feel great.
And then when that lunch from a Lenny City, some comes.
She wasn't that a great idea I had instead of going over that place.
He was going to go where they helped spits in the food.
I don't want to mention on the year where it was.
What?
Well, you know that they do.
Yeah.
26 after 12 to 5 60 W.
Oh, God, Neil.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
Hillary from up in saw.
When I was a cold field on the heat hall.
I've been feeling tough, nasty voice.
Waking you believe that I'll kill children.
Joy, white blood.
And now just a memory.
I'm just a memory.
And a reader doesn't ever do nothing.
I'm just a memory.
And a memory from up in saw.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
Well, hell, yes, I do.
I'm just going to play that until I get to the end of the show.
Well, I'll say how he knows.
I'll say, Caravans, take care of him.
I'm a big deal of them.
Miss Hillary from up in saw.
It's an amazing night, you best all.
You're run to a delicious goofy dog.
Can you never have him in New York so change.
Come on, run in Illinois.
Wake up a little, you're gonna keep him.
Have sex.
You're a so big thing that's immigrant.
Get everything off in saw.
Joy, white, Hillary, Hillary.
I'll put it to the five, 60 W.
Kranon edition by the way, the George W.
guy that backed out gracefully about 10 minutes ago.
And in addition, like we said before,
and should be pointed out over and over again.
When a governor of Texas is having a lot of people put in jail
for cocaine use and he himself may see it's a felony.
It's against the law.
It's not a question of well that he do a little bit too much booze.
It's against the law.
It's a felony.
And when he took governor of the state,
the state is enforcing those laws,
putting people of all ages in jail for doing the same thing.
Who's the hypocrite?
Anyway, somebody faxes me from a USA Today.
Yesterday, look at that.
We're killing ourselves with sweets.
How do you like that?
Thank you.
Who was this?
Len.
Thank you, Len.
From the forum in yesterday's USA Today.
Page 15A.
And I'm not gonna waste my time reading it or your time either,
but it's just exactly what I said.
Americans eat 7.1 billion pounds of candy a year or about 25 pounds per person a year.
I guess that leaves out the candy bar that I bought at Eckerd's last night in Broward Boulevard.
As she stood there with her elbows propped in a cow.
You notice nobody's got anything to say about that.
Why do some of these people and how much can those people be getting paid?
Minimum wage?
If she's getting paid minimum wage, she's still stealing.
Because she's not working.
She's just standing there.
She's doing me a favor to ring up the sale and take my frickin' money.
Didn't even have to put it in the bag.
I put the candy bar in a pocket of my shirt, you know.
Just give me the receipt, give me my change, and have a great life.
And I hope I never see you again.
That kind of a deal.
And believe me, she won't.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm Camille.
Yes, I am.
I just wanted to see a few listeners of the spokesman this morning.
Yes, I did.
I talked about him who had no response.
Oh, wow.
So I saw him on the elevator on the way out.
Future.
Yes, shook my hands today.
Welcome to the organization.
He sits up to about not being able to try to go to the election because the election is going to stay in Ottawa.
He's not going to stay in Iowa.
No, basically what he said is we're not going to spend any more money.
We're putting in pocket money here.
We're not going to spend any more.
We might be working around there because they weren't going to spend any money.
Right.
And, you know, we could use somebody like Cam or even keep primo.
But.
And could have happened.
It can happen.
Okay, Neil.
So say a prayer for Pauvelle's knee, baby.
Can you move us a bit?
Yes, sir.
Sure, bro.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
See you.
You're going to play shoe-frored, didn't you?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We might play this though.
All right.
Let's turn that audience off.
Come on.
Let's do some hockey talk.
You'll have your family talk.
Let's get the audience worked up for those two hockey stories.
We're just going to do this during my vacation.
Oh, never.
We love you.
Oh, yeah.
That will really build up the audience.
Baby, that was great hockey show we did with Rimmer and say, stop.
Oh, they were the best.
They were the best.
They were the best.
Come on.
And we're dynamite.
They're the best.
Come on.
Okay.
That's enough, Jolene.
What do I have to happen to Jolene?
She just hit it off for Nashville and never come back.
She came back.
Why didn't she do for us that one time?
She did something else.
The anniversary song.
Oh, the anniversary song.
Now, was that before or after?
That's a bit cold.
Yeah.
She should have quit right then.
Yeah.
She should have quit right at that point.
She did that to the U-B.
Oh, because that song, you know?
You're the one that played it today.
Yeah.
And, I mean, I wasn't going to say anything back in those days,
but, you know, now that I have this attitude.
Now that you're such a surly spirit in a superstar.
And you're on right again.
Yeah.
So what do you think the data starts?
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
WQAM.
Yes, I'd like to speak to Neil, please.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing, sir?
I'm doing this fine.
Welcome to my Mickey Mouse radio station.
I'd like to call a Sugar White Mike adoge bag.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Welcome to our Mickey Mouse station, where Greg Reed is busy running around town.
He's going to talk to us about how the Chicago Sports Station sucked.
I guess he didn't hear.
Jurassic Act II.
Last night on this station, huh?
Because suck would have been a big compliment in that case.
The worst four hours in the history of radio.
I mean, embarrassing would have been an understatement.
People are our death row for lesser crimes than putting that man on the air.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm just reading the Neil.
Please.
Speaking.
Neil, I'm calling from my job.
My wife is going to the Vegas weekend.
And we rented at the Imperial Palace.
Is that any good?
It's in a good location.
It is?
Not a great hotel.
I mean, the rooms are okay.
You know, it's just not spent a lot of time in there.
What about New York and the Imperial Palace?
We got a package for like four days or 520 dollars.
Well, so why do you go to the Imperial Palace?
No, just ask him.
You've been to before.
Go to New York and New York.
You'd say hell of a lot better than Imperial Palace, man.
Really?
Imperial Palace blows to be.
I mean, I don't want to say that because it sounded to me like you already were committed to stay there.
No, seriously, if you can change it and get into New York, New York, do it.
I will.
Trust me.
I will.
Thank you, Neil.
The only good thing about Imperial Palace is the location is pretty good.
Number one, number two, there's an F-L-M's right next door.
Talking about killing yourself with candy.
That is good.
Very expensive.
I don't care.
See, John has always said that, oh, it's overpriced.
You know, I don't care.
See, when you make a few bucks, you don't go shopping for price when you buy candy.
I can get Fanny Farmer if I want cheap.
Although I'll be honest with you now.
I think I started in Rochester, I do believe, in Boston because every time we go to Boston,
there's a Fanny Farmer where I shop downtown.
And that's not too bad.
You know, Farmer's Fanny?
I'm trying to think if I had it.
You never had a Farmer's Fanny?
I'm not sure.
I thought I'd do that.
But it's not in the same league with F-L-M.
You have had F-L-M.
Oh, yeah.
What tell us the kind of...
Is it crispy crunch or something like that?
No, that's not even a candy bar in Toronto.
But, oh, my God.
Do you know the one I'm talking about that's got like the coating on the outside?
Oh, like the crushed nuts or something?
Yeah, like crushed just to die.
I could eat like five pounds of that right now and die with a big smile on my purse.
Come to your QAN.
Joseph Jackie, Hank Olberg and Joseph.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you very much.
I'll dig that up.
It has a matter of fact.
Oh, thank you, by the way, Sandy K.
Okay.
It's the talent.
What is that on?
Which one is that on?
I thought it was on 92.
Maybe it's not in there.
Is it?
No way.
Definitely not in there.
That's a, yeah.
I'll look forward to it in a break, but it's definitely in here somewhere.
Isn't it?
I thought for sure it was on.
It's on one of them.
I thought for sure it was on 92, which I have on my hand right now.
Oh, it is on here.
Okay.
WQAM. Hello.
Hacens work forever.
We roll.
We roll.
Hacens.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Patience rule.
Could you understand?
I want to do with translate.
Did you get it?
Yeah, ma.
Okay.
Thank you.
Patience rule.
That's all what they say in the chicken coop.
I'll tell you that.
2410-560-WQM South.
Here's the gaki.
Sucks, okay?
Okay.
No.
You never know it's by the way that they are so long in.
The course, though, you know whether it's always a total burden.
2, no, stop it.
Take it.
No, no.
You
Yeah
Hey
On those of the days when Volker Prime was a real talent it's 1246 and
60 WDQ I am
It's that you know, I'm picking it back through these 23 long pond was years
I've been on here in this town. I don't think I could have survived without the great promotion
I've had in every station I've worked at you know the only guy that really promoted me
I mean really enthusiastic being spent a ton of money was Paxton
There you go love your buddy bud. He said it was all a bunch of bullcraft anyway all that other stuff
And one of his more lucid moments which didn't have too many of them but nevertheless
Yeah, that's what he said all that language stuff. I had to fucking bull shot it is what he said
After he finished talking about the god dang Italians and how they were screwing up his yacht
Nice god buddy, but we had billboards all over even after I told him I was leaving
They were still putting up more billboards because Harry Pena's Valentine a very short term short-life program director
He said, you know yours is the only show on the station that's worth promoting we're too embarrassed by the rest of the crap
How do you like that? That's what he called it?
WQ I am
Yes, sir. Good afternoon. How are you doing today? All right?
All right, by the way you turn me on to the session are love the food man, right great people over there too
There you are. Yeah, they really are
I want to say something to me all about you talking earlier about
You know the whole thing with the whole hypocrisy you know one thing that hadn't gone
No, she wanted a few people I've ever heard he was talking about this guy
One that hell ever happened to the Bush brother. I think his name was Neil wasn't it's like you know
Neal when it give that was George's brother
George senior now that was your was that George W's brother or is it uncle?
No, I think that's his brother. Yeah, there's a jab and George W and then Neil the one knows in the banking scandal
Yeah, I know you know how he says disappear all of a sudden
You know it's like these people I need no they're trying to find another state for him to be governor of I think
2004
Right, you know it's like Godfather's they're gonna have franchise all over the country
Absolutely and I think I wonder the coming on you know is being and being a
This is human being not even terms of being a black man
You know, I'm a second tired of people you know the whole thing with the commission and he hasn't caught on faith doing stuff
You know I pick up
Um, this is a black question. Oh, how are you?
He ran it on him and oh he's being
Dressed and that or whatever you should have done and I'm like the bottom line is you're a crook. He's a crook
Yeah, I don't know what color you know you have to be a crook a crook a crook right because you lose all credibility if you don't
Okay, pal. Thank you God bless you. There you go. That's right a crook is a crook
Wow, that's the goes back like the OJ thing again. You know he was being ticked on because he was black and murdered two white people
What the hell's wrong with these people anyway?
Nobody to Q a.m. Hello. Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir
I think you being a little hard on Joe Shagaki on Joe Shagaki
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. How many radio station will give a job to somebody on life support?
You gotta help the handicap. Yeah, that's true. I think he I think he feels several minorities first of all
He's got that the chin the lips that go from ear to ear
Which I think fulfills certain handicap minorities
Yeah, yeah, well being personality challenged I think is another category, but I think more shocking and I've used a word shocking
Yes
ESPN given
Donald avatar a
Program on Sunday morning. That's just how desperate there. Isn't that yeah?
Well back to yes, he he has a guy a journalist from Los Angeles every Sunday and he told this fellow
That's on the dad the only reason that he
He he was in his program was because he was a friend so the guy who was very sharp told him
Or you must you must have some really a good friend in ESPN. Exactly. Well said. I think I think you know
I start elaborating mine mine what goes on who the this guy knows what kind of
Incessial relation right what kind of naked pictures does he have that's the way it works around this building is that all of the people who are here
That shouldn't be here. They have naked pictures believe me. Yeah, but then you got a lot of pictures because you got the three
It's two years in the morning, which are also people right they got naked pictures. Santa Sham. He's got naked pictures
Scoran and sales. He's got naked pictures and I know the water Nazi. She's got naked pictures
Why and can can it be shown can they be shown or they are very
Can they be felt? It's not felt that but sure. I they work while any of them. No, oh then they only need a really good
I think they'll look too bad. Okay listen have a great day of me go. I'll give you your best to Joe. Okay. I'll say audio studio audio studio too late audio
Joe
Five mine was you want to make a quick exit five six seven oh five sixty. Thanks to our good friends at Atlantic City subs for our coming back a second time today
And you know how much happier they were to bring us to food than they were the worst team they just uh-huh
Oh, yeah, they love us. They can't stay in those guys. Oh, Gellie's okay the other two are kind of weak
No, actually it was kind of interesting because after the BM
embarrassment on the morning show this morning
So during the break they're coming out and they're all you know asking me because even Gellie knows that I'm the only hockey maven in this place
That was a two hour blow. It was it was embarrassing. It was really in fact
I think Manage is probably going to talk about it today at two o'clock
About the embarrassing sucks. They did again on the spokesman this morning even though manage of Chris is not hockey invented
At least I'll say one thing for my scene with some of the games
You used to see me to remind me arena and at least he makes an effort to go out and see and get involved and learn something about it as opposed to some of the
Pozos around here
Well, thank you and I look at that. Thank you so much. That's exactly what I wanted
That's exactly what you see with toothpicks through it through the bread
You take the tooth stick out you hold it like this you fold back the other things like that the fold like kind of
Bulls. Yeah, yeah, and then you eat the sandwich without the bread
It's fans. It's very convenient that way in fact you really need the bread because it holds it all together that way
As opposed to asking for a plate with a pile of crap on it
Whatever man. Oh, but didn't this work out?
It worked great and you don't have to give any special instructions
That's all tag in sub roast beef stuff whatever you want and here it is and then you eat what you want
But they do that anyway. I just they do what anyway. They call cut platters. Deli platters party platters
You know that guy that mentioned the bird before I
Don't want
Platter
We have to end that now. No, we don't I
Put it on the platter it puts the lotion in the
Ed makes sense of the guy that can eat bread is gonna order bread on a sandwich
Am I supposed to feel guilty that I'm gonna throw the bread away as a matter of fact?
I feel good that I throw the bread away. Hey, I was just thinking to you and now you're gonna make me cry good
WQ am
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Go be said you were sucking up the Murray like a big hoover. Yeah
Yeah, yeah suck this. I'm going to get it was out here just just dying for my input
Dying for my approval. You only said this. Yeah, you're such an asshole man. You're pathetic go back to New York. Oh, they won't take you
WQ I am
Hello
Hello
Do you watch Ricky Lake you
Faggot and
Ricky Lake Ricky Lake. How do you like that a little kid about two years old? No, this bag
It doesn't watch Ricky Lake. Okay, ask that he probably does
Hmm, this is good
What no, I got I got my own fresco that I brought into them
With the artificial sweetener of course
WQ I am
Neil yes, sir. Oh, this George. No, this is me like that. No, okay. Hey
This is gonna make your day
article article in the in the paper and the city
Elfemisio in Texas
went to Spanish only signs
City council meetings. Yeah, I saw a caustic article on the AppEd page this morning about that
Yeah, that's that's that's where this country's going. How do you like that? Yeah, they said because 80% of the people
Was folks manage so the 20% this big English
Yeah, maybe they'll a bit now maybe they'll be encouraged through the smart thing and that is get there a lot of there
Well, yeah, if they hadn't figured it out by now, right? This ought to be this ought to be the last one. I'm right over the edge
Okay, thanks for the bad news
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
So what do you think about that list of stars?
WQ I am
Sure, I mean I'm gonna tell you the guy who sent his kid on the phone to say that. I won't tell you man
I got to get out of this town. Isn't that amazing a little a little kid
You want to leave you a bag it? I mean who would have the you know my the bag of part
But I mean accusing me of watching you like that's really bad
Yeah
All right, now where can I go?
It's a good place to live no would you live out? No, I would never live there. We're like why would you want to live there?
I don't know I got any place seems better than this town any place advantage Georgia not too far. Oh
God, I don't know my brother moved to North Carolina sure
No, don't do that. No, too many sticks invading up there now
George exactly
I need a little plan
Good luck. Good luck you pal. Okay, well, okay won't be too long. Just relax hold on the bag
You know pretty soon some of the civilized people will be back here in town after labor day a few will start trickling in
Some over hockey people come back
All right, let's go on
And be your soul
Come on
You look okay. Yeah
And ran for you
Hopefully
Go good guy
Yeah
Okay, see this is all before we head Ray Whitney and Palmville Burry 1256 at 560 WQA and hey
Oh
One to two hours
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's
My ain't it's my ain't it's
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's
Well
The all I cut little stinkers that's funny the sound that comes right out you think
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about
My brains are gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spice girl. I'm gonna fart on
Inducted Ray ass yo, man. You passed him. Yeah. I know. What do I smell ass?
In you low place? Well since age 12 it seemed like I always smelled as hot dripping gases and too
Was pretty swell. I got this off when I took my jeans off and parted so hard to turn my underwear backwards like crisscross
And every night I'm like oh inner mad then put out my ass fast little fat bitch you ain't too fat
Smell this honey. Yeah, wait a minute girl, huh? I don't give a fuck god send me to think the world up
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ego sees who want to be kicked out back in junior high said the problem was something
Prove up my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when I covered his death with use toilet vapor
Walked in the strip club my testers will fill the move the bob tannels took a dump and a tip club
Went over to a dance ahead of fucking a garner she lifted a leg up and I knew she was a fodder
Got him out and sent him my life. I was lied to I just found out my mom got all gas and I do
Hold her I broke up to be a famous rapper make a record about strange noises made on the crap
You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave
You drive on the back, but you what you didn't really
This guy white cat and said it was pretty cool
But I had to go no drop the kids off and the rules
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
Oh
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it
God what a great one so I'm so glad I came up with that idea and deposed that stuff from the place where they're spitting your food
103 at 560 wqm
Here's a letter that somebody fact in the yesterday that they wrote to the sun sentinel which I didn't give shit get around to yesterday
But it's really great
It's written the Kurt Frank executive news editor the sun sentinel it says your curd
For the last several months one of your carriers has been showing your paper as a courtesy
But this has become a problem. I take the mind me here old in a few years ago
I made a pack with the devil to read it and you know how that goes
So if I have to read both papers that considered cool on usual punishment
Which is punishable by five to ten years of having to read both papers two times a day
You don't want to have to do that
Also your paper has deteriorated badly and is now just a mouthpiece for John Henry and is too bit baseball team
Which wants my tax dollars to buy him a state of because he's not a very wealthy billionaire
Your paper has deteriorated. I noticed now that passing dogs won't pee on the sun sentinel
But prefer the Miami-Heroed so you can see just how badly you've slipped
Please take care of this little matter for me. It'll make my disposal problems a little less painful
I've sensed that your hellbed for recycling when that is invoked
So why not go whole hog and recycle in the printing room and save the public the trouble
So I'm Thomas and Miramar. Thank you
That's it throw it in your old can man get the shredded people in there. Okay before the paper leaves the uh the joint
And do us all a favor especially with editorials like this one today about how 18 year
I love this the law rightly regards children under 18 is not emotionally or mentally mature enough to make a fully informed decision
About having sex and people are going
Right
Crazy people man crazy crazy crazy crazy people running the media in this country
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line. We're doing little screenless here today
But it looks like we're at the end of the road
Well, I have to digest that great lunch from the Linux city sub them have to play a little bit of music
WQ a m hello my name is T Laura. Oh, yeah, your name is you know what's name is he's an asshole. That's his name. Yeah
How sad like I said none of your people have anything to say
None of them not one
How can we have all of those people here, huh and nothing to say any about anything not even to help with Fidel all of these things that they could be talking about nothing
WQ a m
Okay, WQ a m
Hello, yes, sir. Hey, uh, the thing in Texas with the uh, who else?
Uh-huh. Can you imagine if when we tried to make English? You push language afford it there. We did
They already did. Yeah, look at that thing in Texas on page 18 and you hear an unnational news
The thing would make an English language here. It was all over the place
Of course because that was evil cuz it's American we're supposed to well, you know
We're supposed to bend everybody that comes up on a banana boat and uh, bend to their wishes. See you later. Okay. Thank you
Which is gracious
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
I know as Joe has got a whole new job now is the Georgia's permanent sidekick in here, which is pretty interesting
No, listen, I don't begrudge you. I mean, you know, you're a good guy, but the air you'd like doing anything these days or
11 months
Since the 10 15 this morning
Well, that was waiting for lunch. Oh waiting for lunch eating lunch then digesting lunch then
Getting rid of lunch and then it's go home. All right. That's my kind of job
WQ I am
Of course you would have to hang around with
Seriously, you know what we're gonna do. We're gonna start dealing with him
Seriously, we got the number you know the uh
The facts the whole deal we're gonna start dealing with him
We don't want to talk to you. Okay. We'll talk to just about anybody in the world not you as as see from Hollywood
We won't talk to you. We'll deal with it
We're on record here today. We will not deal with you. Okay, if we have to get you fired if we have to get you put up on a cross
Crucified will probably have channel seven come and cover it, but whatever it takes goodbye
WQ I am
Yes, sir. Are you gonna do a CD this year? Yeah
Definitely right. Uh-huh. October. Yes, sir. Okay. Is my end is gonna be on there?
Don't know about yours, but mine will be
That is a great song. You know, you remember you said one day that
Uh some of the
Charity songs you really don't even realize how fun of the RC here the real song right
I was brought to the model day of the day and that I don't listen to rap music and that uh my name is which is like
Takeoff song, right? Right it was playing and I just
So funny. I just stood there listening to a thing and got it. You know, it really doesn't make it even more
And the messages keep M&M away from your back donuts and never stick one in there
Yeah, thank you for uh, thank you for being you. Okay, and have a great day. Bye
Good old M&M see they change the the the rap music in a hip hop because rap music, you know
It's just another word for illiteracy
So they change it to hip hop to make it like more an acceptable music form, which it's still no, it's not but nevertheless
108 at 560 WQM
I'm
Is a paid public service announcement from the International Raffle Association
Let's face most of us will never be rich. Hell we probably won't even be successful
And that's a pretty damn depressed
But as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns
They scare the **** out of people and intimidate them and they're giving you whatever you want
That's right handguns think about it need some cash rob a bank
Don't have enough money for beer all the convenience takes chips and pretzels by random
It's all free as you got a handgun some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him
The simple solution a life's complex problem
Why it's to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Hell if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Find a dancing up the street just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working problems out and to be considered a population control
Yes handguns they just might make you think
14 is 560 W.Feele McGuire Jim Manage come on up at two o'clock for vacationing Hank and then the six we got
Donnie B working at that Marlin game and like I said let's look at it for my positive standpoint the Marlin game means no
Characet Gatti how do you like that
So let's hear it for the Marlin
30 pregame
We're doing screenless and we got one call ringing at the moment
I just I didn't realize that Atlantic City service brought so damn much look at that
They sure don't bring that much for the morning guys. I'll tell you that
God they brought a platter of like 50,000 subs in here tuna subs and Italian cool cuts and
Turkey subs and olives and onions all kinds of great stuff
Thank you, Atlantic City subs
5605 6 and great stuff to by the way. I mean just outstanding out freaking standing
W Q a n
You know
Yeah, sir. Yes, sir. What are the
Lawrence?
This is the guy. This is the guy that called yesterday
6,000 times with the 561 number and there is a god because his cell phone crept out how do you like that?
Sure, you're a bigger asshole than Andy from Hollywood. How do you like that?
You're even bigger at least he's got an excuse. He was just born like a mentally effective. What's your excuse besides the kick out of New York
That's the guy
You know
W Q a m
Q a m hello. Yes, sir. Oh, this is going to be short. Yes
What a hell too stupid too stupid to even be able to have a conversation on the phone
Unbelievable. Hey, there you go. Igor
Knock yourself out man good stuff great stuff
I call he says I'm in your pardon
Al Gore
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line
Now that was beautiful. So let me tell you something pal if you're too stupid even be able to have a conversation
Even say what hello goodbye F you then good luck to us all okay
Suicide sounds like a real good solution to your problem
W Q a n how hung is well hung W Q a n
Neil yes, sir. I want to cut your tenetal. Uh-huh cut this W Q a m
Neil yes, sir the first time I ten year old son saw Joseph Ackie doing the sports on TV called a monkey mouth
That state with this monkey mouth the gaki that was that was probably the nicest compliment he's ever been paid to
Thank you even a ten year old kids though that
Joseph Ackie is a joke is a clown is a monkey mouth the goofball okay who does not belong on radio much less TV
And they wonder why they can't get any numbers on channel four news and they put his ass on there
Are you people creating? It's not bad enough. We got to look at that thing on what's your name's lip all the time
What else her name I got out of block out her night. We need to one of us know her name anymore
And a guy the Barbie dog guy to go with her I never even knew his name in the first place
Now that's starting to bother me. What is her name?
Angel array
See even my old mind is stuck and made it come back. I had I had removed that little
Thing I got into block it out works doesn't it yeah works. I put the toothpick back in now. Okay. What is it again?
W Q a m. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. My name is troke a K. Come you. Yeah, who's rock this
W Q a m. Hello
Hey Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. You shouldn't pick on the gas can't hear you sir. You're whispering. Oh, sorry about that speak up
I said you shouldn't pick on Joe as much because he stuck up for you yesterday
Stuck up for me on what on the show? Yeah, yeah, the sports show you gonna take it over for Hank
What do I care? He's still sucks. He's still blazed stuck up for me
Great. He sucks. He doesn't belong on here. Hey, yeah, you don't have to mention my name
It's it's not of any interest to me sir. He blows
He's not a broadcaster. He's a joke. He's an industry joke
W Q a m. Hey Neil. I want you. Okay, sir
Yeah, I want to ask a question. I've been ahead of town for a while
When I before I left that call with a chronic eye Andy from Hollywood it
Everyone said that he had died and then I had to wait
Unfortunately, sir. That was the good Andy that died not the evil Andy. Oh great
So we keep making fun of everything. What is it? We can keep making fun of him and everything. Yeah
Great great great. Oh, I was giving this number out over the year one of these days very soon if he keeps calling
At work
W Q a m. Hello. Yeah, well, that's a bunch of Neil
speaking sir
Yes, how are you today? Okay? Yeah, I know you show and I just think I keep sucks. Uh-huh. Just a cookie. Yeah
I got you. I got you. I got you. Yeah, and maybe I cool. Uh-huh. How do you know that?
How do we know that that was coming huh? Very limited reference to our our Hispanic friends here in South Florida very limited
Ping out cool. Oh, what else? What I leave out? Uh, believe it or not a call. That's about it
That covers all the territory
W Q a m
How do you like that W Q a m
Does and there you go W Q a m. I love you Neil. Uh-huh W Q a m
Me y'all can we have a show for top off W Q a m
Well, yes sir. Yeah, I'm sick and you'll know. Yes. How you
Well, head sir. I'm listening. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't realize I was I'm listening to you the whole
50 million people are listening to you right now. Let's hear your best material
You're such a smart person and you're so ready and everything else. Yeah. Why do you spend so much time wasting it on
bringing down other broadcasts? Other what other broadcasts? What language are you? What language are you speaking sir?
English could have fooled me
W Q a m. So it's black and
That was good good accent
W Q a m
W Q a m. How you doing Neil okay sir?
I wanted to call earlier, but I had to take my little dog to the vet. Yeah
I wanted to call me out and he asked about
Anyone in Florida, you know, I've lived in Miami all my life and I could give a crap about Dan Marina
I'd rather listen to the
Interview with the the sports sportsman
Discoction. Yeah, she's postman. Yeah, I didn't even I didn't hear that but I can guess what we're on you know
Can I can I give you a little bit of clue what I went on? I want to hear it for like two hours
Yeah, that was a two-hour blowjob. Yeah, that's great. Okay, good luck to pal now, but it was great
Maybe that's why Brian had such a big smile on his face when he got off the elevator
W Q a m
Well, we 50 dollars. Now you hear in the background that was beautiful
Well, you're 50 dollars. Nothing when we have little kids that need to be coached
But when we got adults that need to be coached. That's especially good very good sir. Try it again. Okay
Read my lips. My name is fill in the
W Q a m
I've ever seen W Q a m
God thank God school starts next week. Oh, exactly. These are all adults. What are they going back to school?
They're new I wanted to call you yesterday. I got a quick story about American Airlines. I got the best one yet though
Give me a chance to tell you this okay?
Okay, after they kept us waiting in the terminal for two hours because you know there was mechanical problems with the plane
Here comes the best one yet. They finally let us board the plane
Once we're sitting in our seats. I was reading a magazine whatever the pilot comes on the inner come and says we're gonna be another
We're gonna be delayed probably another 45 minutes
Because he's not satisfied with the way that the mechanic signed off, you know the paper that the plane can take off with an ex-manio
He said he wasn't satisfied with this
Sure the way he signed off he couldn't read his name out
So we had to wait another 45 minutes to an hour. Yeah, they tracked this mechanic down
Uh-huh, because the pilot wasn't happy with the way he signed the paper
You know he you couldn't understand, you know the the name that he wrote on it
I kept us another hour sitting inside the plane
Yeah, you can find one that's top that
Yeah, okay, that's my story. Okay, thank you
I think it was that good did you think I was record it was pretty great. No, no, not too good
That was yesterday by the way that we ripped American Airlines for four hours and then yesterday
We had some very we had a lot of American Airlines employees who called who were very honest and said they hated their employer and that they sucked which was true
And then we had a couple of people see it's very good. I think it's great. I've said this before I'll say it again
It's great to be a professional faggot, you know because
It gives them an outlet because every time you say something that pisses them off. Oh you damn bad it and it's great
Something to fall back on so to speak
You know what I mean? Yeah that which they probably have a lot of practice
And we had a couple of those yesterday including the little cluster fork we had from those people out of one liner
Yeah, sitting around grabbing it or reaching for it
WQAM
Your new yes, sir. How you doing all right all right? All right
And that one of your biggest fans all right. Yeah, all right
All right
Dig what I didn't get it bottle which is duck
Which is parrito right yeah and
Nothing we all do that
So so what is that what is the point is that all they know is that all you people know is eating horse meat and beans and the parrito and
Madagone and I mean I'd be embarrassed if I were you but what are you so defensive?
I know
WQAM
You're just watching the store side in mushrooms
You want to run that fire me again?
mushrooms yeah
WQAM
WQAM
Yeah speaking now speaking
This is right wing or Bible pop WQAM
Hello, Neil yes, sir
WQAM
Neil yes, sir, you know that guy earlier
Sound like it cut to me with my little dogs in the hospital sound like a little cut, you know
You don't you have a little dog?
A little one don't you have a little dog yeah, and I just sound like a like a little shot
You're trying to throw hey whatever happened to that horse face Michelle Gailand remember her
She's still horse-facing on channel four along with Joseph Gackie where all the losers go channel four
Let me tell you wasn't she the one that got canned from NBC uh network
Yes for blowing up a Chevy or something like that
Yeah, GM
All right, Neil nothing else to say okay. I have a great face here all right
All right, well, I'll tell you people are so god damn boring. I'm ready for a nap right now man
Even on the lightning right even on a three and a half four hour lightning rod these people are so combing
Ducing and my favorite ones are the ones that think that they're really clever. They're really got it all right
You know take that big breath and just just wouldn't know they think they're going to get done. It's a dial tone kicks in you know
Yeah, that sound
Of course, maybe it's a lot of fun going back to a dial tone on a try sometimes let's let's say
Yeah, that's not bad
Not too bad. I enjoyed it. Oh, there's Mariah scary
One of the one gigantic breasts
Maybe Luis Miguel ran off of the other one that could have been it
125 at 560 WQM and you look why are you airing?
Shit like this. I got the fever for the flavor of shingles
I got the fever
New low fat shingles now with a third less polydicentrated monoblutamate than that crap and we're trying to sell you a few months ago
In fact, I can't even believe the FDA let us get away with all the unhoaths of artery clogging crap
We're loading into our potato puppies new low fat shingles lower and fat higher and salt consumer warning some ingredients
Mayer road to coal and small intestine lower abdominal wall and are not biodegradable
All human waste matter resulting from consumption of this product must be disposed of using industrial grade steel biohazard drums
Shingles potato chitzer manufacturing on the planet Krypton and I recommend it for you
130 at 560 WQM 560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
We're doing a little screenless here today exercise. We do once in a great while because the rest of the public are sitting back going
By the way, no women when we do this or narrowly we get very few women. Well, we do the screenless
None zero zip it. You do a goodbye to all the women
Not that I'm complaining mind you, but that's just the way it is
WQ I am
lotion in the rectum WQ I am
Oh, here's another little kid. Yes
Yes, sir. Neil. What can I do for him? Oh, nothing. Can you play that uh
That ain't his song?
WQ I am
Yeah, speak the nail please speaking sir. Yeah, I'd like to talk to Neil. Let me say it again speaking
Yeah, yeah, I want to say don't worry about nothing
Yeah
What I said get out of here don't worry about nothing WQ I am
Joe the galley socks and he is a monkey face. Okay WQ I am
Joe the galley is better WQ I am
I'm not a cool hero you said it WQ I am
Okay
WQ I am
How about turner radio down? We'll be good
Jack asked turner radio off
Come on, let's go. Let's hear the material. It's only a four-hour show. Let's go
Too late WQ I am
WQ I am
They knew how you doing. Okay, sir. I just can't wait for me and it's come on too. Will you flood back and WQ I am
Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay, we know it's embarrassing to say that I live down here and nobody can call you with a topic
It's no it's more embarrassing to say that I work down here much less forget about
I can't believe that people have an opportunity to speak with you
To bring up a point to do anything instead of being intelligent. This is the best I can do it's been that way for a hundred years pal
I don't know how you do it. I've been listening to you down here for eleven years
I'll tell you why I do it tomorrow's the 2050 you know what that means. It's a big big fat payday
That's why I do it and the next day's vacation day. So I like your lifestyle. Yeah, I'll tell you
Thank God you can't take any vacation and get away from all these people down here
They don't have anything intelligent to say and I wish I had more than that Neil
But I'm done. Okay. Have a good day. My friend and back to you. Let's take a fork in you like somebody. I know would say
WQ I am
WQ I am
A expensive column WQ I am
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Excellent WQ I am
WQ I am
WQ I am
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I want to be a pedophile WQ I am
That's probably the guy from Radio Marti again Q I M
I'll wait I'll wait till they all get load up again and we'll run through let's use 133 once you're about another 600 between now and two o'clock
WQ I am
Neil yes, sir. Yeah, about the George Bush thing
Completely do you think someone's recreational jokies back 25 years ago should be relevant right now
Sure, let me say it again if he has no problem the wide isn't the best up to with number one and
I've got to read it Texas is putting people in jail for it then
Well, you know what I'll give you a recreational drug use my coat and asshole friend
How do you like that?
This guy's another one. He's guys whose nasal passage is so burned out his whole sinuses
This guy can't even speak his nose is his throat. He needs a good eye ear nose and trope man is what he needs
Somebody's recreational drug use
What a crackhead
WQ I am
Hello, yes, sir
It looks up me all the way okay
The WQ I am
You know, yes, sir you are the best and and I will buy I don't want you leave anymore because
Something WQ I am high Neil how WQ I am
WQ I am
Neil I can't believe how you put up with this what do you mean by that it's already 25 go to I've had tons of calls here today, man
Oh, just better than giving that number out and begging for calls
Yeah, no, just just the them just
I want you to keep in mind people all over the world are listening on the internet and this is what they hear from
Soflota and you know something it's a very accurate reflection. It's perfect. I'm embarrassed to live here, Neil and me too in your dish bag
And see WQ I am
WQ I am
Yes, sir
Let me say it again. Yes
Neil WQ I am
Neil
WQ I am
You know the whole WQ I am
Neil yes, sir good afternoon sir and well
The logical bound tomorrow and not wait and I want to thank you for actually
Lighting that fuse in my brain to get out there. Excellent. You have a wonderful time question for you apart from
The service of the old show any reason to eat that resort
What do you mean by that? I mean what else I'd see I had never been the biggest before
Well, you don't want to stay in one place. I mean when you get out there
You'll see that you'll see all these lights and wiki places and you want to see them all the MGM and
New York New York and
Seasors and all of these things you want to see it all so it's water and suicide
Don't just the lock yourself in here in one joint. That's a bad idea. I will fall your advice
Okay, have a great time. Yeah, one year long set WQ I am man. Just to blow it out of WQ I am
WQ I am
It's a lie. I'm not a nut WQ I am. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
How dumb are people that they think?
Recalorational or normal drug use is irrelevant for a guy that's trying to be pleasant
How dumb is this town? Who's putting people in jail right now for doing the same thing?
Right, I mean like you said this is the dumbest town I think I've ever heard of all my life. Yeah
I just moved here. I think there's a bad
Where did you come from? Good old Baltimore, Maryland and you came here. You must be out of your mind, man
For a job, but I'm thinking it was a bad after seeing you know, man
Very bad the worst decision you ever made. This is the end of this is the armpit of the universe
I'm learning that in the
This is the some pump of the
Whatever whatever
But you're the best man. You start listening to you and I get a good take out of the man. Take it easy. All right. See you
Yeah, he'll be he'll be blown his brains out in about six months. We'll be reading about him in the in the newspapers
W to Q I n you'll be anything worse W to Q I n
Neil yes, sir. How you doing? Listen first of all I'm a sports I'm a sports nerd
Number two I'm a Schwarzer. Yeah, number three. Well, I suppose hand in hand doesn't
Number three. I'm a spanic
Yeah, before I'm a Christian, but I believe in a personal relationship. I don't go Bible Bible
Personal relationship with one with God with why with God. Oh, you mean
They deal good. Yeah. Yeah
Um, number two. I believe in leaving people alone. That's what you always preaching
And my thing about it bonnets is you know my children. I got four children and
They're in the school system quote unquote black school system
and I've got a problem with how they speak so I'm always on their backs about you know speaking English to get a job
And I watch this date lunch show talking about
I think about a couple months ago talking about
speaking white
And a lot of the kids are talking about that they they figure if they speak English
That they're acting white and if they excel in school that they're acting white and they don't want to do that for the friends
So what I do was I called all my kids in the room to make them watch the show. Yeah, and uh
I think it paid off I really do well. I'll tell you be beaten to crap out of them if they don't start speaking
That he's speaking properly and I really think the reason
people Christian
Atheist whatever listen to your show it's because you are entertaining. Yes, sir
That's what it's all about. I mean they can they can call you whatever you want to give a crap as long as the check clears
I couldn't care less. I am and god bless you, sir. Thank you. And have a great day
Okay, there's three deep which is Josh Spiro from young in the horny pretending to be a singer
flashing a shirt off and the nick or Matt. What was his name on a show? No, he's Nick. It was Matt whatever it is
See that's what happens when you don't keep up with your favorite soap operas for a while. What do you want?
drugs
Uh
I'm on much
Well, it's too late. You got to go call gate spot now. I just had that what why did you want to see it? No, I had never seen it
Yes, you had I have we are used to we're right here in this room months ago. They showed it though. I hear it is again
No, it isn't this is some other bogus spot. Okay, but can I do this spot please no
21 before two at five sixty wqm howl
Fred him and say cheese
All right
The concert ended with burning trees playing on stage wasn't naked. Please
Chilly peppers fed hops their names there goes woodstock often flame
Well, fuck for a size, but that's just a people long
But burning merchandise
Was a hell of a send off with stock riot
Right up set that they didn't play
For woodstock riot
You could play me on show go away
Woodstock riot
It started on the last day
Woodstock riot riot
I hope to still stuck on the crew way
Yeah
You'll see hind bars
Investor in cars
I show that opened up the old change round ended up with the burning to the ground
Not sounds to tell us the crazy night
Carson daily ran for his wife. I think it's fair to say only some kids ruined the show
Thanks to this melee
They forgot the peace and love
Woodstock riot
It started on the left lane
Woodstock riot
Riot hope to still stuck on the crew way
Yeah, and you remember who just really on stage when they started seeing we put them over the edge who got a
Psychotic Olympus biscuit is who didn't yeah
It's not in there
145 at 560 WQ and we got the mad dog coming up at two today who's gonna take the real stories about Joseph Gackie
WQ I n
Thanks you're for WQ I n
Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. You know when I look out in America today
It's just it makes me sick really yeah, I mean this country. I mean forget about it. You're better off moving to
To Turkey or uh, Canada for for all of Swarth, you know
Hello
WQ I n if I had the ability I'd take WQ I n
Hello, yes, sir. Yes, sir mr. Neorodger speaking. How are you today great?
Oh, let's get to the air that I have two things up to say okay
Number one, I want to congratulate the great job you've been doing for the past years as to keep going and
I want to congratulate you at that time
For the big 20th coming up tomorrow and to keep up the great work number two
It incenses me to see all these people
Carrying all they have nothing to do in there in their home the whole they have nothing to do
Then the caller radio station and go off a smart remark
They're blowing it off. Yeah, you can say I take him people there running people like you
People like you who have done great things for us friends is like that tax that tax increase
That's right. I did a single handily man, you know the vote to yeah, you know, I know
I don't understand there's me. I just want you to keep up the great work
And I appreciate the have you listen and thank you so much. All right, okay
WQ I n
Got Neil yes, sir. Yeah, just want you know Joseph acu
WQ I n
WQ I n you know, what's up? I'm a Puerto Rican smart stuff
Uh-huh, and I just have two things to say I'll leave you alone
One my Mustang can be called Corvette and two WQ I n
Body
WQ I n Neil. Thank God for you man. Mm-hmm. Thanks to you my wife and I are finally gonna take a trip great
You know any good places in higher lieu don't take American Airlines. You're all over then we're going to higher lieu there
I take Delta. Okay, somebody Q a n Neil. Yes, sir. I was a in a state New York on vacation about two weeks ago
In the middle of the night I was just flipping around the a n-bile just to the hell of it
Listen to fresh Katie and stuff and then I hear Chris Moore in the middle like a
11th area night. He's on the fan. More on oh
He's got people calling talking about what's his name Goldstein somebody called about that in New York
Something about him doing games. How he sounded like a mouse
He's got pressed in New York about doing a mouse now
Geldi they're talking about him starting like a mouse to his good friend. Yeah
From the back standing buddy Chris Moore on on the fan where they don't even have any idea who Geldi is and he's ripping him on there
That's nice. He's yet cap one of New York
Okay, have a great day pal
WQ I am
WQ I am
WQ I am it is it's WQ I am
What is it couldn't care do you hear what it was? I think he said anti-m
anti-m
What was it vase
You
Excuse me
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey what I hate is people calling and ragging people that have nothing to call about
That's what bugs me, but I want to do about
An airline that has a service that might be of interest to you. Yeah, they serve up young boys. Uh-huh
You like it. It's WQ I am
Hello, Neil. Yes. Got a shameless request. Uh-huh
Can you play us on the cash do I get out of Cuba? No, WQ I am
WQ I am
Okay, what percentage would you guess?
What it means to be number one in young Hispanic men. This is what it means go ahead. Yeah, all the benefit we get
Did I do
I couldn't hear what's going because
I believe me it's a bonus for you
Okay, anyway, I know that all the people that listen if you had a guess or if you're an information may what what percentage
You think our callers as far as not I'm not talking about a chronic every day, but like one percent
one percent, uh-huh, and would you say out of that one percent?
Out of the one percent. I'd say 98 need mental health 98 percent of the one percent. Okay, so I must be that too
Hopefully they don't need it, but anyway, I just I love you show and it's
WQ I am
Oh, yes
All right, yes, sir
Hey, Neil
Uh, what I call about yesterday. I flew American Airlines once. I'm so sorry
Yeah, and we actually please
Thank you. We actually we left late that we got there early. Yeah
Which was pretty amazing great considering uh considering who's a bit, uh, you know full of the banana boat people
We're going on to the Dominican Republic. Yeah, I'll never go in either way
Never go in terminal C or D again ever. I don't care what anybody says. I will never go in that part of the airport again
It's a four-way country. It was pure
I wanted to know if you know with the chicken you should have to have a passport just to get through forget about going anywhere
Just to get into that part of the terminal
I have a great day WQ I am
I like to wait and see just how long it takes before they find them they start and they don't get come out WQ I am
WQ I am yes, oh another one yours WQ I am
Yeah, Neil yes, sir, uh, you know I've been listening
