The same doesn't nobody talk about.
560 WQAM Miami 430 L for that.
The first line in the crowd.
Roger.
Joe.
If you want to know, 560 560
cold.
We don't know what you're talking about.
560 outside the circle.
The opinions of the.
Callers or anyone else on the show.
Do not let.
Get on like those of WQAM.
Beasley read that.
We're going to make it.
We want to.
Now.
Neil Rogers on sports radio.
560 QAM.
So, uh, where's the.
Davey Gravy life.
We'll arm Jerry Paul Will on the right hand of God.
And when I woke up today, I put my TV on it instead of
Capy Lee or CNN.
I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head.
It wasn't upside down.
Try angle purple pinky.
Upside down.
Try angle purple.
Upside down.
Try angle purple.
I love to show you both.
Where it was just when I thought things couldn't get worse.
I noticed he was carrying a little first.
Oh, how can they call this a children show.
I don't think he said that I have a phone.
He has an upside down.
Try angle purple.
Take you.
Upside down.
Try angle purple.
I love to show you both.
Davey Gravy.
Davey Gravy.
Davey Gravy.
We're almost without Christian kindness.
Hard to believe.
But on the television he's coming.
Is the TV screen.
It had a purple theme.
It's pointing straight at me.
That was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing.
Penal one on your purple station for the 90s,
whether you're QAM.
Exactly.
Anyway, I just said, I get sidetracked because I made the mistake of
plotting the thing up before they were finished this morning and
listening to the Panthers suckle on it.
What are you talking about?
He's analyzing about Colorado and about another got Theo Ferry
who did score a goal by the way last night but they still lost four to three to
Edmundton.
But nevertheless, there's only one game on last night if you have a small difficulty
and if you really follow in your sport they can come on and talk about it
and act like you know what you're talking about.
And they made a point of pointing out that the Oferi didn't play on the first line on a power play for Colorado. He played on a second unit.
Deadmars played with Forsberg and Sackic, but hey, you know, that would require doing a little bit of homework and paying attention what you're supposed to be talking about.
All I can say is...
God, man, the misinformation in the course is easy to do that in this town because they're like maybe ten of us who watched that game last night who got the small dish or have any interest or even though we show what two teams those are.
But don't get me started on that, okay? I don't want to get started off out of tangent on that crap.
All the way I do want to say this for those malcontents. Since yesterday we had our big 20-tier anniversary here.
And I thank everybody for all the goofy stuff they sent, including the food. And by the way, stop giving me fattening stuff, okay?
No more cakes and no more biscotties. God damn it.
Go down and get me a figurine at scotties and forget to biscotties. Just cut the crap already. I ate almost that whole package last night.
Send my blood sugar soaring to like 350. It's pretty good though. But cut the crap. Well, we didn't know what to do for you.
But anyway, I was thinking during some idle thoughts while I was sitting here avoiding listening to the worst team this morning and all that misinformation at Jeldipiukesown.
You know, the people that scream and holler about the fact that this is supposed to be a sports station. I'm here in the middle of the day, screwing it all up.
The most successful sports radio station in America, it's not even close, is the fan in New York WFAN.
Does Don I must do a sports show? No. A dead man in a chair, but does he do a sports show? No.
And his show brings in more revenue, by the way, to make more money on his show than any other show on its station. Sound familiar?
Yes. And has higher ratings than any other station show on its station. Sound familiar? Yes. Okay. Just not to mention that for all the sports nerds that can't handle four hours a day and not hearing.
The next in the heat and the heat and the next and all this juvenile pre adolescent crap. But anyway, Gelly said, I'm ran out of stuff on my balloon.
This is great. I would maybe we could just remember that time we had the other guy brought a whole of thinking, he'll be not good for you, by the way.
Makes you light-headed. Makes you the Brian Andrews you'll be said, will make you light on your feet. And I said, boy, you must really be sucking on it. And he said, yeah, some oxygen too. But anyway.
See, take a little bit of the oxygen. You can't be responsible for what you're saying. You start battling all kinds of big, go-herid stuff. By the way, yes.
Happy prom! No, I thought it was March 12th. No, it's today. Starting last night. It's prom? Oh my god.
Happy prom! See, this is what I'm telling you. Yesterday it was the 23rd anniversary, which Bluff Lindsey overdid a little bit. By the way, I heard that he's going to blow up the balloons.
But nevertheless, you know, they wanted to be very nice. They did a lot of nice stuff. And that was I appreciate that. But, you know, they throw in there some stuff that's killing me. You can't eat that stuff.
And you put that in front of you. I don't want to go through that again. I always say, I don't want to go through that again. But you notice that I do.
And I'm not going to go through that again. Because this could really be a neat place to work. If we had a general manager that had an IQ larger than his small toe, that would help.
A guy that knew something about people. The only thing he knows about relating to people is who's got to make it pictures and what he better do to make sure that they don't get released.
That's about the only relationship he's got with people. Because we got to a little, I find out this morning, I wrote test piece of news. I thought it was bad enough we had the water not see upstairs.
The little dictator that runs around here. People, little people within Furioid complexes with all the respected George who's about two feet tall.
But I've told you over the years that little people generally tend to have Napoleon and the complexes and they want to boss everybody around because they're little shrimpy people and everybody laughs at him because they're like a little overgrown kids like Midgix.
My grandma used to call him Midgix. Yeah, he's a Midgix.
And we got a midgix upstairs. Who have it at least not enough. We have the water not see we got the food not see upstairs.
See the more I don't know if they talked about this on a morning show, but generally there are a bunch of pussy's anyway.
They're too busy listening to guilty regaled them with misinformation about the o'fairy, which he knows nothing about what he's talking about.
Because he's not doing this homework. See if I were on a sports station, one of the prerequisites, if I were doing a sports show on a sports station, one of the prerequisites would have to be that I had a satellite dish.
Now that some of these guys who are like shleppers or maybe some of these guys who live in a place where they can't have a big dish, but almost everybody now can have a small dish, which by the way I got my litter.
I've been waiting for from the superstar entertainment my satellite big dish people no more CBS. I'll get to that later.
You bastard. Not superstar satellite and they're great. I'm talking about the local affiliates, especially Channel 4 WFOR.
I hope that nobody watches your goddamn station. Okay, you make me sick.
And that Angela Ray boy, she better do something about that big zit she's got on her lip. Wonder how she got it.
Yeah, do you ever see her with that big thing she's got on her lip?
Ooh, more I watched it. The more I realized it's bad for your health to watch Channel 4 news.
And that guy they brought in from out of town with a real ruddy red face that looks like he got here the first week out of bad melanoma right off the bat.
Channel 4 news. There's Alan Shacklen as the anti-Christ to Channel 4.
But anyway, getting back to the food Nazi. We got a guy upstairs named Matthew Bell. First of all, Matty they call him Matty.
Like a little kid. Hey, Matty. You know, when somebody gets to be like 70 or 75 like he is, you think they call him Mat like an adult.
They call him Matty like a little kid. Maybe because it's a sports station. Everybody has to have a nickname.
Like Shappy. Remember when the ship Steve Shapiro was like, Hey, Shappy. How you doing? Shappy. Hey, gold. How you doing? Gold.
I mean, it's just just the concept of it. Just gives me the willies thinking about it. Give me the creeps.
That's slappy on the butt kind of like, Hey buddy, buddy. Yeah, let's go take a shower with a guy's kind of mentality.
So anyway, little Matty who's about two feet tall and wears children's clothing because it's cheaper that way in the store.
And he buys the boy sizes because it's a lot cheaper and he's a cheap prick. But at any rate, he's also a little dictator come to find out because now that they're all up there on the third floor, we have nice people like our friend from Atlantic City subs.
What's his name? Nice Jewish boy Scott Pearl Scott Pearlman. That's right.
Who bring food bring free food for the troops up there.
But now anybody that tries to see that we've got like a maze up there. We have one door up there that doesn't work. Well, I think that's the door that the naked pictures didn't behind the ones of Greg and the and the muskrat.
And I think that in one of them too, I'm not sure. Oh, in several. Yeah, but he gives good face. He's the face man for the sales department.
But at any rate, so the deal is Matty is telling people, Oh, you can't take food right into a studio there. You've got to go around. You can't take it over on this side of the building.
And evidently, there's been an epidemic of this going on in a since they all moved up there. Now we got another little dictator and the only reason that we have people like the water Nazi in the food Nazi.
And the promotions Nazi is because the the empower of all of this is our general manager. He brings in little little tiny silly people and he gives them a power to you know as long as they're his buddies as long as they're part of the Greg read family. They can do whatever they want.
So I'm really disappointed, especially a good guy like Scott Pearlman. I'm guarantee if we are one way to we move up there on the third floor if one that ever happens by the way.
Then you're going to see the first fly all this crap about all when you can't have food in the studio and you can't come through this way and you can't smoke your cigar. Yeah, right.
All I can say on the first of my first day of my 24th year in this market is blowing out your act of okay and don't waste any time doing it.
All these little tiny people in fact, you know, they're perfect for soft Florida like little condo commandos just to live in their life so they can boss everybody else around because they know it's not an inferiority complex.
They are inferior to there's a big difference. If you have a complex, it means you think you're inferior, but maybe you're not.
But in their case, it's not a complex. They are definitely inferior. In fact, if you just look at them, the two Nazis we got up there and you have ever seen them together by the way, I think it's the same person and one is in drag.
They both have kind of that scratchy raspy voice and smoking too many fangots over the years.
Okay, this station stands for nothing.
Oh
Why can't we just die and all the computers go on time?
Why can't we just die and everybody's gone on time?
People will find it with murderous habits, I'd rest at it on my disease.
Here's our complex book, The World.
It's you believe in the end of the world and sees our market crashing again.
Or do you feel any of the wrong time or something over again?
1015-560-WQAM on a great Tuesday, the beginning of year number 24.
And I noticed this morning I scoured to those papers every section, the old bitching area, the bitching comic section, everything.
Did I see one word about yesterday's Big 23rd Anniversary Show? One word acknowledging my existence here for 23 years? Nothing.
I mean, granted it's like an odd number, and I'm sure that in two years, if we make it that far to number 25, remember how it was on the 20?
And of course all this stuff yesterday, George orchestrated all of this anyway. None of this happened by accident.
Which makes it kind of like, you know, less than meaningful. Like you probably even called Bob and Cheryl.
Oh God, but sure was nice to see them together again, wasn't it? Yeah. After all this time and they're still together.
That was kind of heartwarming to see.
But anyway, getting back to Geldie.
I knew these purple balloons were coming good for something.
You're full of crap, Geldie. You don't want to talk about it.
Oh, man. Only here could he not only say the things that he says, but only here could he be on here.
That's the thing that really, in fact, it was the first thing when I came into the car this morning, turned on a radio.
And then of course, I just at that point was ready to shove the CD into the player.
And I heard that voice. And I thought to myself only here, only on this station and only in this market could that voice pretend to be a broadcaster.
I'm talking about I think you do.
And also I don't want to dwell on this place.
I don't want to start with a negative because you know me. I'm always Mr. Upload thing. Mr. Happiness.
But the thing with Greg Reed, the more I think about this man, our general manager, it's not that he's got a bad personality.
He doesn't have any personality. That's the problem. You know what I'm talking about. Am I right? He has no personality none.
In other words, some people say they have what are they called personality disorder, whatever that is. And they send to some kind of like a school where you learn to have a different kind of a personality like more pleasant, more assertive, more something.
But you can't complain about Greg's personality because generally he doesn't have any. He's like part of the woodwork.
That's why he's got like the front be suit all the time and his hair is like the shevelled and like, you know, because it fits in perfectly.
He's like the character that what's his name was playing in that movie, the lonely guy.
Either one of the characters Steve Martin or that loser. What's the name Charles Groten? Yeah.
Boy, that you know, and I can't stand Charles Groten, but he was great in that movie because it was him. That was him.
The best scene in that movie was when he came over to Steve Martin's apartment and Steve pops the thing in the VCR and they're watching a video of tropical fish swimming in a tank.
Not they're not watching tropical fish in a real tank. They're watching a video of tropical fish swimming in a tank and actually enjoying it, which is kind of like listening to the sports shows on their station.
But anyway, so I have a letter and a fax. Let's start with the fax. Let's start with the good stuff. Okay.
To show them I'm not all full of crap all the time. Nice fax, by the way. Excellent.
I think it's an enormous worthwhile. It says this a long time list. It was never called your show. I want to take this opportunity to express my gratitude for your points of view throughout the years.
On the day of your birthday, I left for a 16 day trip to Italy that was perhaps the greatest single thing I've ever done in my 45 years of life. How do you like that?
Everything you talk to us, your audience about whenever you return from Europe is right on the mark.
It's only when you leave this place and actually spend a significant amount of time in a place like Rome or Florence, Ferenza.
You actually realize what a dreadful society we live in. Until you do that, you never know how the rest of the world lives.
It is if somehow the richest, most powerful nation on earth took a wrong turn back there somewhere.
Bigger and faster is not necessarily better. I think what he also wants to say is more strife shopping centers, they necessarily better.
We're like wishing the trappings of organized tours and schedules. We set out on a loose but organized car trip that took us from the lake regions of Bellagio and Como all the way down to a mouthy.
Everywhere we went, the Italians were friendly communicative and I did brush up on language for three months prior to leaving. He says,
always eager to serve and please all the cities are alive with urbanites who play as hard as they work. They walk everywhere and take time to live a life.
We don't know how to do that in this country. Your audience needs to know that what you tell us about these places is the truth.
It's the emis and not just blue sky red or a comatok show host who likes to travel.
In a time of political hysteria, meaningless visits by a world leader from the dark ages, a sensational tasteless trigger happy medium,
and all the sexual repression of an evening with Duke and Anci and Georgian Barbara, thank you for you and your Italy.
How do you like that? Keep up the excellent work at Settlement Sillon. I'll read it at my bags at pack. He says.
And then he says, PS, thanks for the temple tip.
Bought farewell to God on amazon.com was delivered in just two days, ready in one day.
Okay, well I'm glad you read the book. Like I said yesterday and it comes with Georgia back. He almost fell out of the chair when I said it.
You don't need to be by and farewell to God by Charles Templeton unless you're something that kind of sounds like Templeton and that is a simple thing.
I'm not saying this guy is seriously. If you just use your common sense, the most people again suffer from that inferiority complex.
But I mean, even if you're a moron, and I know that many of you are, even if you're just a moron and didn't have much of an education, you still have common sense.
You still have basic instincts. You still have a basic ability to understand to perceive what's going on around you.
So the idea that you have to read some kind of a cockamomy book to dispel to argue with with a motion of the hand.
Push away all these ridiculous arguments and all this nonsensical superstitious bullcrap. It's sad.
You don't have to read a book. Why did I waste my time promoting the book? I guess you have to get to step one before you get to the ultimate final step.
Whatever that is like having a brain that's working for yourself.
So that brings me to the letter I get this morning. The package, not just the letter I got the package.
As many as it would say the complete package.
All right.
Right. And open it up and there's a book inside.
This is the every year in time I get one of these. I say it's the best I ever got this today. It is the best.
They just keep getting better and better and better. The book is written by Grant Jeffrey.
And it's called the signature of God, astonishing biblical discovery. Right.
Woo! Heavy.
See? Doodie.
And there it is. Look at that. And Hebrew on top there on the cover. Yeshua.
Are you sure? Are you sure?
Hey, by the way, happy poem in case they didn't make. So let me get back to the book in a second and this great letter.
So that means we're going to have to have Hulmentascha now. See, you don't you have no room for error. I can't do that today.
I can't do my pastry lane bakery friends because yesterday unfortunately if they would have just given me the cheese and that little thing of wine which I gave to you and whatever you know, so all of what that would be nice. That would appreciate that.
But they come in here with that big cake which of course I didn't eat much of but nevertheless do I need cake? No.
Do I need to be eating sugar? No. Did I need all those the bascotes? Whatever that thing was last night? No. Like a hole in the head like a locking cup? Of course not. No.
So they're you know, they try to be nice and I know you don't want to hear any of this because you've heard me scream about it for years but it's true. People kill you with kindness.
They'll be like going over to Al Goldstein's house and taking a gift package with you know fruit loops or you know, some kind of the big industrial size box of rice crispies or something with sugar on it. Frosted flakes.
By the way, every time I hear his voice it goes to show you that there are such a thing as miracles Virginia. He's still alive.
Yes. I mean you know, Al instead of telling me about renting another apartment in Amsterdam, why don't you just will it to me?
That when you poke in a couple of days after that next for the next wonderful official after you take your last like that. That you just leave it to me. I'll take over the lease.
I'll let's a little on the small side and the apartment to so anyway.
Here's this letter with the book sign of the signature of Godness who does not look at the book I'm thinking oh boy.
This is God to be another one of those ridiculous those silly let's try to prove that it's off a real books. I'm thinking that and then I start reading the letter assuming that maybe it's not.
Neil, I've always appreciated your skill on the radio and wish you have continued success in this market.
I get a charge out of your dialogue regarding Christians believe in fairy tales in order to book you recommended farewell to God.
Now at that point I'm thinking to myself well maybe there's something in this book that he sent me to follow what I'm saying. That's similar.
But he goes on to say I recommend the enclosed book which deals with many of the objections you mentioned on the year and a second book that will follow entitled evidence that demands a verdict written by Josh McDowell McDowell with two eases.
Dealing with many more as a favor to one of your fans please read these books at your leisure and comment if you see fit.
The reason I and please don't send the second one if you haven't already sent it to give it to some schlepper out there give it to somebody who's freezing death of North.
I use it for on the bonfire.
The reason I took the time to write you is because of the compassion I have for you.
It gets so tired to get so old making us an offer that we can't refuse whether we want to or not.
The reason I took time to write you is because of the compassion I have for you. I know you may not appreciate that.
No.
But I have simply recognized something in you that I once found in myself.
It is quite obvious to me now lack of hope loneliness and lack of purpose in life.
In fact I was going to watch tropical fish with Steve Martin tonight before I got this book.
As I watched your television program I heard for you.
Please accept this EXCEP.
Please accept this as a hug from a friend and not as an attack.
The most significant proof of the God's existence is the purpose now in my life and many others.
Truly a fan mad to you when I won't use his last name.
In Bokka no less.
Move from dear field of Bokies. Move it up in the world.
Oh, you know I get weak in the knees at this stuff and this is the reason that as long as I have one breath even enough to blow up this balloon again.
I'm not going to stop talking about this stuff because it just cannot go on.
There's got to be one voice in the world somewhere if it's only mine.
One voice that says this is a pile of bull crap like over in the far east now the Hindus and the Christians are killing each other now in Indonesia.
Because the Christians were trying to make them an offer they could refuse and Hindus are saying get that out of here.
We got our own free tails. You're interfering with our business.
You're not good for business and so they're killing each other.
And when I was in Europe on the BBC I saw a documentary about the lunatics in Sri Lanka.
You know that little turd that's hanging down there from India that used to be called say Lon.
I've always told you they're barbarians so let them move their souls.
They've got a two or three year old kid who is the reincarnation of their former leader the grand poopile whatever the hell he was who died six years ago.
And they've convinced themselves that this two year old kid he's got the same mannerisms he carries a purple bag whatever whatever it is.
You know he's the new grand poopie he's the reincarnation and they're all following him around and the news media follow him around every time he.
Oh that's it that's definitely him only the grand poop uncle cut one like that.
We're talking crazy people.
All right all right.
Well come on over here and don't be shy.
Get up before you hit the hills and cry.
You may not know if I have gold but I'm going to stick with right under your nose.
And they use the rail sign.
Thank God.
Well I'm not saying like the game you all or the jeez that goes up I told you.
In the sweet my lady's where they could go and I'll pick them up there under your nose and have you.
Melon my thing.
Oh you're right.
Oh you're going to win.
I'll come on in good job.
Check out that bigger than a cross.
You don't know what it could say but it feels okay to me.
Take a funny hand you know.
That's how my face is just a shot.
You've dropped the all kidding off the bus road.
Hey it's bad this is where they may go.
You must have asked me mine.
1032 at 560 WQ.
I don't want to step on it last.
What are we doing here.
Maybe this is Matthew Bell.
Maybe he just signed a different last name on his letter.
I mean it's Matty the food Nazi.
Why don't you just leave everybody alone.
They can come in and have a good time.
Enjoy themselves.
Go through the day without feeling like persecuted and put upon.
How about that.
I know it's a radical idea.
How about giving it a try okay.
I just leave it everybody alone and stop trying to make everybody understand how God name important you are.
You little tiny little pusion assholes up there on the third floor.
I got news for it once we get up there like I said if it ever happens things are going to change big time up there then big time.
Are we going to pay any attention those little dictators up there.
No no no no no they better stay in hell out of our studio too.
Did we ever get the lock on the door up there.
No.
Well you know what we're going to have to do I guess going to have to get I'm going to have to pay a locksmith and get our own lock on that door once we get up there.
And I will.
Because see what they have in mind they really want to use our studios could they are you tell me that they have not built a production facility up there.
Is that what you're saying.
What kind of a production facility are you talking like a real one.
They have one that they're using.
Yeah they have a room.
Yeah a room.
Well good if they have a room with a room with equipment that's their production studio.
Okay but out of our joint up there okay stay in hell out.
So anyway I'm looking in this book that Matthew has sent me.
And it's interesting you've got a spiritual name like Matthew.
He's probably got a brother named Luke.
Helping the signature of God so I open up just half-hazard leaning.
He's highlighted and he's been kind of up to highlight to me some of the greatest bubble my season here to make sure that I don't miss the good stuff.
And I thought I would share with you this one one section here it's very short maybe a minute.
And you'll find just how profound these great revelations are that prove the existence of God or is it.
God whatever the hell it is.
You know that before I went on vacation the guy that called it was a couple days before I went away and I got a call about the energy.
I think he was talking about Linda energy.
Well and this guy was serious about well when you die you know what happens to the energy.
Well the energy from any living thing is only there because it's a living thing.
Once it's dead there's no more energy.
Oh my God what a concept.
What happens to the campfire after you pee on it?
He gets wet.
And it starts smelling pretty bad too.
I'll depend on what you were drinking.
And are you sure it was pee?
But anyway now this guy was unbelievable.
The energy you know where does it go?
Where does it that's like asking after you cut a big one.
Where does it go?
I'm surprised that people like him aren't spending hours and hours every day worrying.
No seriously where does it go?
Like when I let the air out of the with the helium out of the balloons when I open them up.
Where did it go?
Oh let's let's you know get out our telescopes and let's get all the great minds of mankind together and worry about where did the energy go?
Was that a song by the Supremes?
Where did Linda energy go?
You die, you're dead.
Oh no!
Yeah Gene Sisko he's not reviewing movies and heaven anymore.
He's dead.
Like your dog.
I mean don't you people love your animals?
Don't you love your dog?
Your pussy cat?
Whatever you got?
Your canary?
Now nobody.
I mean maybe a handful of really idiotic people.
But even silly people don't believe there's a doggy heaven.
What happens to the energy in the dog when it dies?
What happens to the energy and at parakeet or cockatoo?
After it stops breathing.
After all of its organs stop functioning and dry up and wither away and like after it croaks.
Where does the energy go?
Anybody got an answer for that?
No.
So if you're going to believe in a people heaven there has got to be a doggy heaven, a snake heaven,
a mink heaven, a muskrat heaven, a cool heaven.
Do you think there's a cool heaven?
No.
Oh.
Anyway so we're going to hear this good stuff.
And I want you to hear how profound this is.
That's why all these people who love to argue with me about this stuff they don't even have the balls to do it anymore.
Did you talk religion by the way last week?
You better not have it.
Oh boy.
He's sorry.
He just won't stop.
You've got dim, the power of Christ compelts me.
Damn it.
Anyway it says, knowledge and travel shall increase in last days.
Wait till you hear how profound this is.
If this doesn't convert you immediately to become a real from believer.
If you don't rush out and buy at least two dozen of the humankind right now just to celebrate poor them.
Because you've got to become a Jew before you become a Christian.
You have to take it by increments.
Twenty five centuries ago the book of Daniel predicted that there would be an explosion of knowledge in a huge increase in travel in the last days.
I was always talking about the last days.
Daniel wrote these words, but thou, O Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book even to the time of the end.
Many shall run to and fro and knowledge shall be increased.
Daniel 124.
Knowledge shall be increased.
And of course when you got the intelligence that those people have predicting the knowledge should be increased it's not really like going out on the limb.
Throughout thousands of years of history the level of knowledge only increased incrementally.
In some generations the level of general knowledge actually decreased yet in the last century and a half there has been an explosion of knowledge beyond anything ever experienced in human history.
There were more scientists alive today than have lived in all of the rest of history.
Of course there are also more people alive today like five billion.
Recently it was calculated that the total level of human knowledge is growing so quickly that literally doubles every 24 months.
They must have not counted the religious people in that category.
This is staggering light of Daniel's inspired prediction from the ancient past.
In addition Daniel stated that a characteristic of the last days would be an awesome increase in mobility as many shall run to and fro.
I guess they didn't have cars and airplanes and trains back then huh?
An increase in mobility.
The speed of transportation is also.
No, there you go. Exploded in the last century throughout history most people have never traveled faster than a galloping horse.
Today men traveled over 18,000 miles an hour in the US Bay shuttle Discovery.
In addition while most people in past centuries never traveled more than 20 miles from the place they were born especially if they lived in Dave County.
Millions of people not traveled a globe as far as the normal course of daily business or annual vacation.
So Daniel predicted this back in Daniel 12th or.
That is we get to the end day see this is you had this works both ways this proved that we are in the end days and it proved that there was prophetic.
Sounds like pathetic.
There's absolutely nothing in that quote whatsoever that is prescient that is extraordinary that has anything to do with anything today and of course the fact that we discovered electricity and invented the automobile and the airplane and the train and all the other modern computers.
Don't confuse them because that science don't confuse people like Matthew with the facts because it was it was so written okay by Daniel we didn't realize that it was no miracle and lions just like the trife they didn't like Jews.
21 before 11 of course he if he would have just seen the handwriting on the wall.
He would have known the going we're going to take over to roll the would have done something about it.
Hansen 1997.
1998.
The year 2000.
By the way you see she had a heart attack and they stuck a pacemaker in there.
I'm going to have to keep the office watch going.
We're going to compile a list of all the questions because these people that have all the answers you know like the guy who was very upset with the fact he couldn't give me the care about things that I couldn't possibly know.
That same guy that I'm referring to was talking about all the energy and where does it go when you die.
Well yeah but don't you wonder about these things where did we come from and I said no I really don't know and I don't care it's of no interest to me because I'm never going to know the answer what differences are made.
But the the notion the concept that we can have answers to these questions just stop and think of all the things that have happened in our lifetime some of us is old design I mean old you know like who killed Kennedy do we really know for sure.
By the way who killed Lincoln no there's still a lot of doubts about that was a really John Wilson the booth we don't know maybe he was just a bad actor who killed cock robin.
Huh who killed and of course it's a good thing that we don't know the answer to some of these because otherwise MSNBC be out of business who killed John but hey do we know we have some ideas but do we have the fact that we have like an indictment yet no.
Stop and think about do we know for sure about the sir hand sir hand and our FK and JFK like I said and Martin Luther King Jr.
No almost said it do we know that no no in fact James or Ray he croak here just a couple of months ago and he still don't either right to his death bed and they got our kind of theories about that in fact they think it was either J Edgar Hoover or the dog done it one or the other.
So stop and ask yourself that question look at all of the puzzles all of the mysteries just in your own lifetime that we don't have the answer for in fact will we ever know really who killed John Kennedy no of course not.
Now that happened 36 years ago and so many of you people are like basing your entire existence and brainwashing your children with fairy tales about things that allegedly happened thousands of years ago.
Things that happened in the last couple of days did the president really rape that broad 21 years ago do we know we have a pretty good idea but did we do we know no will we ever re know for sure no.
Did he whip it out in front of Paula do we know we have an idea maybe that's how her nose grew like that monkey see monkey around something like that.
I mean these are all just common sense like I said you don't need some goddamn religion you don't need some organization you need a little bit of common sense and the only reason I bring this up again for the 10 minute time is because it is goddamn book here that I get in the mail with this with this syrupy letter this morning.
Is I watched your television program I heard for you why is it that almost all the the farbition of go they're all the same.
They're all so concerned they want to help you yeah I don't have a problem okay the only problem I got is people like this and working for a butt plug upstairs that's the only problem I got.
And I need to get my old change in both my cars those are my biggest problems okay plus they rash on my neck that's it.
Which is going to take another six months maybe it'll go away maybe not but I don't need the doctor he told me I don't need him.
Please accept this is a hug from a friend not as an attack.
And when I look at all the misspellings in here like except EXC EPT as opposed to ACC EPT I realize I'm not the number guy who's extraordinarily bright.
The most significant proof of the God the God's existence is the purpose now in my life and many others this is this guy must be an AA guy.
Either GA or AA am I right with the 13 steps and the 200 steps and don't fall down by the way because when you think about you fall down the steps even if there's only three or four of them.
Why do they always I quite obvious to me now and he recognizes in me what he once found to himself the lack of hope loneliness I'm lonely because I see there were them T phone every day like this right now not one call on the board we had a smattering but they figure out my role what help bother me and they were right and a lack of purpose in life.
Are you following that list that he's got and he's right all of these things I suffer from right now lack of hope loneliness and lack of purpose in life.
If only somebody could bring me the real word I'm just sitting here thirsting dying like a man who needs to have his thirst coins that's right dying for a big bottle of soley water.
Waiting for the answers from our good Christian friends out there in radio land who can save me can bring me the answers to these unknown questions that only the you know the true believers can understand because it's mysterious and we know he works in mysterious ways.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we wait to see a response here I am lonely I'm very lonely every day of my life George said here did six shows every day Joe Castell told me this morning there was never one open line it was like doing buyer with him is when George was doing a show.
They like George they hate me like poison they listen to me but they hate me like poison because I say these terrible you know all of these things that's right.
Unlike George of course who's like you know doing the good time hour.
Here's Miami hello.
Any oh yes sir.
How you doing great.
I just want to tell you how come there were over 500 witnesses I saw Jesus Christ alive after he was supposedly crucified.
Yeah 500.
Yeah 500 witnesses.
Let's talk to one of them.
Yeah.
Have you had any conversations with any of them?
I was in the Bible.
How it is in the Bible who wrote Bible and when when was the Bible written was written while Jesus was still alive.
I know it was okay thank you.
Okay that's the end of that discussion.
He don't confuse people like this with the facts when somebody writes something years and years after allegedly happened it will be like if there was no record that we didn't have the Zapura film we had no film no no nothing we didn't have any photography we had no actual physical record of the assassination of President Kennedy.
And then 30 some 60 some 90 some depending on whom you believe probably 90 years later somebody came along and tried to reconstructed based on hearsay gossip.
You know the ramblings of all sorts of people in fact the people in D. Lee Plaza when Kennedy was assassinated if you talk to like ten of them.
You get ten different stories and where they thought the shots came from was it the grassy no was it the Texas book depository was it the office building across the street did anybody really know for sure no the early church would have made that stuff up about Jesus.
No because that's what it before churches people who invent religions don't do it in the self serving way that's understand it when men invent religions they don't make man superior to women.
They don't they don't talk about slaves when white people invent religions they don't make black people subservient what they have to gain right exactly.
I heard that 45,000 people saw Jesus and McDonald's yesterday.
Proof I'm wrong.
The Tavian New York Main Street McDonald's Jesus 57,000 people.
128,000 people prove I'm wrong God then it.
Come on I'm waiting.
Here's a mobile in Pompano hello.
I know yes sir can you play butterfly kisses.
Yeah right play this go play with yourself.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello hello.
Hello Neil yes sir you demand yeah.
Neil with religion with Christianity I'm a Christian you can either choose it you can either choose it or lose it.
Well you don't have to choose it.
What does that mean choose it to what does that mean you can choose to have faith that how does with this cutie choose it.
Either you have faith or you don't have faith Neil faith in what.
Faith in faith in Christ in the way he moves your life.
The way he moves your life absolutely because somebody made up a story like this and therefore you believe it and it has an impact on your life.
You must have a very well week life.
No Neil it's not be like an emotional weekling.
No it's not necessarily whether you believe like you said earlier all these writings centuries ago were handed down absolutely no question about it.
The words have changed slightly if not more than like.
It's not a question of whether the words changed and not during the thousands of you know reinterpretations or translations but it's a question of who the people were that wrote and what their motivations were.
Well I don't think their motivations were anything but positive I mean that you could you could interpret at any number of ways just like you can interpret a television show one way or another or your radio show your radio show humor.
Is that why they're God kept on them to kill all their enemies is that why because they didn't have any selfish motives.
I'll tell you good.
No that's not really the point.
Well what is the point?
The point is that it's easier it's real easy to sit back and just pretend that you really believe something that you know you don't.
You know you don't believe any of that crap.
Why don't you why don't you for once in your life so I'm giving you a golden opportunity of a lifetime to stand up as a thinking living and breathing person and say I know that it's a bunch of crap but I just can't say that because it's not the American way.
Come on say it.
I want you to say it's a bunch of crap and you know it.
You do know it sir do you know it's a bunch of crap.
Come on.
The reason you say it.
The reason you don't believe it.
You just refuse to do it because you don't want to step out of line.
No it's just for I know there's nobody listening because it's a pretty weird way.
It's just for you okay.
As far as all the killing and stuff go you keep pounding on.
As far as that goes that is and I know you've heard it before.
You're wondering sir you're wondering.
I'm not just waiting.
Please bear me out.
You're dancing you're doing what Daniel was talking about you doing that highly mobile routine you are right now.
Please bear me out.
You're hopping from one spot to another.
Please bear me out.
You're going to have to be an apple quick step.
Please bear me out.
Yeah.
If it was a perfect world if people were perfect when they were in the world.
Well why isn't it a perfect world?
If you let me finish I'll tell you.
If it was a perfect world then there would be no killing.
Then most of the world is in the world.
Well sir why didn't God create a perfect world?
Well because we are human beings.
We're not Christ.
Why didn't we aid human beings perfect?
Why did he need to come up with this ridiculous fairy tale that most people in the world today
still ever heard about by the way?
Why did he have to do that when he could have invented paradise?
Why did he do that?
Neil, he created Christ who is perfect.
Sir, would you answer my question?
I'm trying to.
But you're not.
You're not responding.
You're dancing again.
You're dancing even for the starrer than bearers.
Yes I know.
Why didn't he create a perfect world?
He did create a perfect world.
And what happened?
It's just inhabited by imperfect people which Christ was sent down to get everybody's kind right.
Sir, you're not.
You're a mental pig niece.
Sir, if God created man perfect, how could he be imperfect today?
He didn't create that.
If you have the most perfect little midget that was ever born, okay?
He's always going to be perfect.
He can't someday be imperfect.
You're missing the point.
You don't understand the meaning of perfection.
You don't understand what the word perfect means.
Perfect means no flaws.
No imperfections.
No weakness.
No faults.
No one.
You're absolutely correct sir.
Thank you.
Oh I love this.
Two open lines in day two and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60.
On the 18th, two wireless lines.
I'm trying to get saved here today.
We want to hear it.
We want to hear the real truth.
We want to hear this list of all these things that have happened in our lifetime that we never will know they answered to.
Or probably we'll never know.
At least not for sure.
The list must be as long as your guide aims long, okay?
At least.
What on earth?
Is it helpful for no other boy?
I'm a captain.
No.
When I was little, I was a skinny little punk.
They wouldn't let me play basketball.
The game just pushed me around.
He went to the whole speed to crap out of me.
But then I started drinking milk.
And I kept on drinking.
And I kept on drinking.
And I kept on drinking.
And now I'm a 6'5", 285 pound angry mother f***ing.
And I'm going to put some serious shirt on everybody who ever did to me.
You f***ing mean you go home in a body bag.
Because I'm a natural born milk freak and killer.
Milk.
It does a body.
It's 1102-560-WQM-Hengelberg.
Show it to me.
We got the 6'5", who's bigger than life itself.
We got a Kaplan X.
Tomorrow night we got the Panthers in Colorado, the Avalanche.
Book a meager schedule for the month of March.
Pretty, pretty weak.
Avalanche with the O'Ferry tomorrow night at the Oma Carina.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes sir.
Great.
I just get a couple of things to add to this conversation.
First of all, what happens to the energy of a candle when you put it out?
Oh, of course, in the wind.
Don't you remember that sign?
And how many people have seen Elvis since he died?
All the time.
And the...
Be sure to be sure.
That's it.
I think he's winning now.
He said joints.
Yeah, I think he's a real winner.
He's working on having him.
Yeah.
That's it.
And the third thing is...
You need to pull the wheel back over your eyes.
They don't want you to have that wheel off your eyes.
If you do, then I'm going to have a whole cult of people in this country.
You believe that Elvis is still alive.
It's been time slipping up there to Graceland.
The day that was months ago that I talked here about Graceland.
And all the idiots that go up there wasting their money to a washer but dead man who was nothing but a hillbilly rock singer.
I mean, this is...
That's going to tell you what cults are all about.
I'll really do very well.
Have a great day sir.
Okay.
And God bless you.
We have an open line here, is it a television man and four Myers?
How do you like that?
They can't pull the wheelie over his eyes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Yeah, we're waiting on you. We're waiting to be converted here today.
All of us, heathens, especially on poor and what a great day this would be
to be converted to get the real reward, to get the truth, the real story, the emis.
And every one of these, every single one of these people that call today
and last year and 21 years ago, and 22 years ago,
oh my God, I bet you those are humentation.
Are those humentation?
Oh, thank you so much. They're from David Halberstand.
There's a good Jewish boy.
Oh, David Halberstand.
Now, those look like I hate to say this, okay, because I know David's got very good taste.
Our close personal friend David would never send us those little goyishir.
You know what the ones I'm talking about?
Hardaway left one. Left side line boilie.
Three point. Oh!
Oh, he hit it.
Yeah, they are.
They're the little triangles.
The real hard ones, the goyishir.
Real less box full of goodies, by the way, with chocolates and some fruit and stuff like that.
We're trying candy. You can't have it.
But you can have all of it.
No, I don't want any.
I'm still suffering from last night eating it all those biscotties.
And we got so many fat people in this building.
I know they were trying to be nice to me, but it's not an excuse for bringing in a big.
You should have seen the size of that cake.
There are people listening to me right now who live in the apartment smaller than the cake
they brought in here yesterday.
And then, you know, a nice Italian basket of goodies that had some cheeses in it.
That was very nice.
And, you know, some other stuff.
And then a big thing of the Scotty loaded with sugar.
And I thought last night, well, I just eat one or two.
They're small. They're like little small ones.
There's another box here for cake.
Another box of what?
Of home and touch and print.
Do not give them to them.
Don't give Hank any home and touch and please.
Okay, he's lost 30 pounds.
He's looking good.
The man is diabetic.
Let's, in fact, I'm going to forget about food because he looks to me to be beyond hope.
And he don't seem to care.
But Hank got a couple of real good scares.
Once you get a good scare like a stroke, you get a high blood pressure, you'll find your diabetic.
Once you get a real good scare, you go.
And then maybe just maybe you might be able to do a little bit better.
I'll give the box to Clarence. He could put on a few pounds.
There you go.
We have an open line that date one and powered.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Another call from Fort Myers.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir. Good evening.
I just wanted to say I really enjoy these topics when you get off on religion.
And there's a letter about the guy saying that you were hopeless.
You had no hope.
This guy, he knows me and said it out.
This guy wouldn't know me if I walked into his house right now and spitting his face.
He wouldn't have any idea who I was.
But he's an expert.
I have a lack of hope.
I'm lonely, a lack of purpose in life.
He hurts for me.
And in the meantime, I'm doing pretty damn good.
I'm not the last time I checked.
I don't have any major problems at the moment.
I guess that's my only point.
It's really the people without hope that get drawn into all this thing just because it makes them feel good.
It makes you feel better that we can, it should be as weak as they are.
Right. So they created the image of God and so forth.
And then anyone on on this thing of perfection, or at least maybe that was the next caller.
And you know, man's like the most ridiculously imperfect thing on planet Earth.
I've got two dogs here, Labrador Retrievers.
And I'm telling you, Neil.
Probably better.
The most people we know.
They're perfect.
Yeah.
They're perfect.
Anyway, congratulations on your 23 years on the air.
We love you over here.
We've only been getting up for a year and me and all my Colombian buddies, man.
Okay. God bless you, sir.
Okay. There's the anti-Columbian guy.
Well, at least he makes a little bit of sense sometime.
Maybe when he goes to purgatory, he'll be in there with a bunch of Colombians.
At least they got the good stuff.
Okay. We got two open lines a day, two and Broward.
Pretty weak here this morning.
So far, five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
What's going on with this phone here?
What just happened?
Why is line seven lit up?
Because you hit it twice.
No, I did not.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi. My name's Cristina.
And I'm...
Oh, I like your show, Cristina.
What?
I don't understand what you're saying, but I do like your show.
Okay.
I just wanted to share something with you.
I'm 19 years old.
Right.
And out of the whole world, the only thing that I've learned is
that I've learned things by myself.
I can't listen to what anybody tells me or what I read.
And I just have to find things out for myself.
And the more that I do find out, the less I understand.
But I just wanted to read you something throughout all the bad things that do go on and
everything.
Somehow, I have this blind faith.
And I don't want to read something.
And it says, even if our efforts of attention seem for years to be producing no results,
one day a light that is an exact proportion to the most blood-result.
And that was in by some small number.
And to me, I just think that, you know, one day all of this stuff that just happened won't make sense.
And I do have faith in that.
So...
Faith in that?
Huh?
Faith in what?
I don't know. It's like...
It's like an average connection with God that I've created throughout these years.
And when I do have faith, things do happen.
You know, when I do believe, but I do truly believe in that.
And I don't listen to anybody else.
And just because they believe in it, I believe in it.
But, you know...
Okay, Kristina, I'll be watching your show this afternoon.
What are you talking about?
Have a great day.
See ya.
What am I talking about?
He's got a big hit.
A big fat, two-toed hit.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White House Association.
Let's face.
Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful.
And that's pretty damn depressing.
But, as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi.
I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about Hanja.
They scare the s*** out of people.
Intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, Hanja.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Probably.
Don't have enough money for beer?
Call up a convenience.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a Hanja.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
The simple solution of life's complex problem.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Find a dancing house with street.
Just buy a lot of Hanja.
It's a great alternative to working problems out there, if you consider the population controls.
Yes, Hanja.
They just might make you think.
That's the America's f***ing way.
Hey, man, 1114 at 560 WQAM.
Two open lines and Broward 400 and Day 6000 and Palm Beach.
We had every line lit up on the board one, went into that break.
Hey, it's all spots radio and they don't want to hang on.
They have an urgent date with the Lord.
567 O560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Naples.
Hello.
I am Hanja.
Yeah, you hung on and one other and that's it.
I just, this girl just like, she made me crazy.
Oh, Christina.
Was that the last one?
Yeah, Christina.
Oh, is she a regular?
No, we don't have any regular.
We don't do names.
So when somebody gives them a kind of like, I mean, I like to just like,
get down.
Seriously, seriously, anal with her?
Yeah.
Oh, I mean, you know, what was her story?
Maybe that was her story.
Maybe she's into anal.
Maybe she's anal retender.
Or maybe just banal, I think, would be a better word.
Or I'm a cabal.
Yeah.
She's a type of, you don't even know what time her show is on.
She has a show.
Okay, we have an open line of Broward, Althury and Dayed.
567 O560 and pound 560.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah.
Yeah, she got a show.
Oh, Dios, Neil.
Here's a mobile in Halea.
Hello.
Hey, I'm doing this.
Okay.
I was just going to see if anybody can't see this question for me.
There is a stand.
God.
I don't know if everybody was watching the news here.
They own a lady was in the parking lot.
Well, not Christina.
Huh?
Not Christina.
I'm not.
No, they're sisters.
Well, she was in the parking lot changing the diaper over two years ago.
Mm-hmm.
Some guy came in and picked both of them off.
Rape the lady in front of her two year ago.
And then she wrapped it back off in the church.
Now I will God send somebody to do something like that in a place where he's being worshiped.
Yeah.
Or even not.
I'll go ask somebody to call up and answer that.
Okay.
Well, hold your breath and now let's know when it lit it up and your breath too.
Okay.
We're waiting for an answer on that.
How come God permits all these horrible things?
All these grotesque, disgusting, all the slaughter and all the massacre of innocent decent people.
I'm waiting for the answer for that.
I know won't take you more than 30 seconds to figure it out.
One call left on the board.
You're weak.
You're really weak.
You're just a tragic.
Every time we have this kind of a conversation, you just can't hold a candle.
And the wind or any place else.
Not even in your rectum.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Mobile in Western.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations on your 23rd year.
I hope you have another 20th.
Yeah, I don't.
You're the best thing that has ever happened to talk radio in South Florida.
We're so national.
Uh-huh.
When are you going to come up to Bokeh?
I'm not.
You're not at all.
Come up to Bokeh for what?
I don't have a lot of time.
You can't wait.
I'm not.
Why do I want to go to Bokeh?
If I want to see old Jews, I go to sunrise.
I live right there.
We've got a lot of younger ones down here.
Well, I wish you all the best, Neil.
Okay, thank you so much.
That was good luck.
Okay, there's, like I said, nothing to say.
Two open lines a day, two of our, come on.
Let's get into the meat of the matter.
You're the smart people.
I'm the dummy.
I'm the one that's supposed to be a real asshole.
Let's hear it.
Like that guy a few calls ago and I challenged him.
I gave him the opportunity about 20 minutes ago.
I gave him the chance of a lifetime right in front of all a mankind to say, this is all a
bunch of crap and I know it.
And I'm saying it only because I've been programmed to say that I really believe it and I don't.
If I had a dollar for every person in America who pretends that they believe in all his
horsecraft that they've been brainwashed with, I wouldn't be sitting here right now.
Wasted my time begging for phone calls.
You know, I would just say to George during the last commercial break, I said it just sitting here in the middle of the show.
It made me understand why I love Europe so much.
It's the one place left in the entire world that isn't dominated by religious fanaticism.
I'm not saying there aren't a few here, like, you know, and there you find them around around and about.
But throughout most of that continent, it doesn't exist.
But you go to this continent, of course, this country.
We got every kind of religious nut and cults and right wing maniacs and you go south of the border, baby.
And all you got is, you know, the workings of the Pope overpopulation and starvation and mystery and suffering,
which is what the Catholic Church exports the best ignorance and starvation and suffering and overpopulation.
And then you go to the far east and of course they all got there.
They all got their pseudo intellectual bull crap religions when they're rubbing on their head,
which is probably why they reproduce so much in China, too much rubbing on the bald head.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes. I have a question.
Yes. Maybe they can answer this for me.
According to the Bible, there was Cain and Abel, right? Adam and Eve had to...
Okay, old question. Okay.
We have an open line of Broward to and date.
Can't we transcend the old, tired stuff?
Okay, they had sisters, which of course, because they were women, you didn't read too much about them.
And it was incest and incest is best.
And that's why, you know, just look at what goes on in Tennessee.
You see the products of centuries of incest, you see, you know, all these weird, or just go to entry.
Just watch the deliverance again.
That'll answer your question.
Just look up at that cube of the banjo in the tree.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Kindle, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Enough of the grad.
I got a question for you.
Hello.
I'm listening, sir.
I'm listening for the moment.
I'm sorry.
When you talk about your vacations, I'm only interested.
What's your typical day like in Amsterdam?
Well, why are you interested?
Are you writing a book?
No, I like to travel and I like to find out what other people do.
Yeah.
You go to Amsterdam quite often.
Why just hang around reading a good book?
Hot Gasex.
You know, hot Gasex, yeah, that's it.
I mean, a lot of drugs.
Do you go to museums?
Yeah, I go to museums.
I go to the Anne Frank Housey, how Anne is feeling?
If she's still up there in the attic?
I mean, do these things repeat the same things repeatedly?
Do I do the same people repeatedly?
That's the same.
I just go there and read the same book.
I go to the same supermarket.
I go to the same McDonald's, eat the same meal.
You know, you say you're interested in traveling,
which I don't believe for a moment.
I think what you are is a person with no life
who's got an unnatural interest in mind.
But, you know, when you would go to a place like a real city,
why would you need my assistance?
It's like people, like people that say,
I'm going to Vegas, can you recommend a good restaurant?
I don't need your assistance.
That's kind of interested.
Why?
Well, to compare, for example, when I travel,
I usually go to places that I haven't been before.
I usually don't go repeatedly to the same place.
Sometimes I go to new places, sometimes I go to old places.
It's like anything else.
You know, I mean, you come back from your trips and you say,
you had a great time, but you never really say what you did
or what you took a little things like that.
Of course not.
Because this isn't an inside-look at the O'Range's personal life.
Of course not.
Okay, that's where you feel it.
That's okay.
That's where anybody would feel.
Do you want me to go over the details of every meal that I had?
Would that be good?
A very bowel movement that I used?
Good ones, bad ones, tough ones, easy ones?
No, I just like to get some,
for how the heat was in the hotel in the crash of the Polsky.
Would you like me to talk about that?
Well, I just like, perhaps, to get some ideas
is to how other people do things when they're in a trip.
Well, see, other, here's a very simple answer.
People do, if they got any comments since,
people do whatever they enjoy doing when they go on a trip.
Now, if you want to go to museums, if that's your idea,
if you like fine art, if you want to like culture, vango,
if you like to go see the diamond factory,
none of those things have any interest to me.
But if that would be what you'd be interested in,
have a great time, you'd have a wonderful time.
I understand that.
I was just wondering what interests you when you travel, that's all.
Yeah.
I mean, I've listened for a long time.
I'm not trying to be a bad guy or anything like that.
Right.
I just, when you come back from your trips,
I wonder what you know.
I just sit there on Dan Square, and I watch the pigeons
keep dropping their loads all over the place.
And I think, boy, what a great thing it is to be here.
Well, that's what I do all day.
Keep moving.
Okay.
Oh, my God.
Took this guy like four minutes to basically say what most of them want to say.
I have no life.
Right.
All the lines in data are open.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Yeah, what kind of food you like to eat?
I mean, like, what kind of toilet paper?
Oh, by the way, speaking of toilet paper, I've meant to mention this before.
The greatest spot in the history of TV.
Forget about those Super Bowl ads.
Greatest spot is the Bud Light spot with the two guys at the counter with the groceries.
And they got a six pack of Bud Light and they got a pack of toilet paper.
And then they got a couple of other grocery items.
And the kid holds out the one hand.
He's got like a couple of crumpled dollar bills and a little change.
And the cashier, she's chomping on her gum looking like Madonna a little bit.
And she's like, not sorry, not enough.
And then they take a couple of the food items away.
And they got like the Bud Light and the toilet paper and one or two other.
Not not enough.
And then they down to like the six pack of Bud Light and the toilet paper.
And the music gets real loud and impending like there's this tremendous decision to make.
And they look at each other.
And finally, you see the the bag boy grabbing the six pack of Bud Light.
And he says, paper or plastic?
It sounds just like guilty, by the way, the bag boy.
Good job for him, by the way.
Paper or plastic?
Paper.
They both say simultaneously.
And then she's chopping her gum and is there about to leave?
She says, need to receive guys.
And she's got the little receipt from the NA grab it out of her hand in the Russian and the best Russian style.
Because the Russians know how to take the tiniest people at a paper of the thing.
Although the old, the Spanish woman, according to George, you'll Cuban women.
You know, if you save it in the box, you can always recycle it.
Right, Namacita?
Yes.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello?
Fine, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to know if you've seen any hockey overseas.
Have I seen any hockey overseas?
No.
No.
Well, I've been in Switzerland for a while and I got to see some of the semi-pro themes there.
The level of hockey is pretty good.
Yeah.
The style is a little bit different.
There's not as many line changes.
Yeah.
But I just wondered since you were in Holland, if you got to see any of that stuff.
I wouldn't say it would be the last thing I would ever think about going to a hockey game in Europe.
That would be the last thing that would ever cross my mind.
I understand.
All righty.
But now I'll see you at the museum, though.
Okay, we have an open line of Broward to and date.
56670560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello?
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
On Cinemax tonight at 1130, there is something that if you watch, I promise you tomorrow you will be speaking about it on the air.
Yeah.
And does me in this one, Neil tonight Cinemax at 1130.
It's a surprise.
It's a surprise?
Yes.
I'm going to stay up at 1130 to see a surprise.
Why don't you tell us what it is because I'm not too big on surprises.
What's your own show?
What is it?
You don't watch your show on Whammy?
My show isn't Heaven But On Whammy for two and a half months.
You kidding?
I showed you how much I watch Whammy.
But anyway, what do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you mostly use to browse weiter?
What do you often find out that can't be true of your birth?
What do you often find out that can not be true of your birth?
What do you often mean to lower a person who doesn't get involved in training?
What are you talking about, sir?
Maybe he knows Christina. That's possible.
Oh, you have no penis.
Well, I hate what the two are doing on QAM.
Look, that's back and back on again.
I want what they had before.
These are my kind of guys.
What the hell are they doing anyway?
It's a manly sound and dies really, James.
I want more at risk more.
Ghosts like to feel high.
When a little tooth do this ford,
a manly voice won't get high attention.
But we're really good to sit for this, George.
A squeaky high voice will give the other reaction.
Well, I hate what they're doing on QAM.
Look, that's back and back on again.
I'm going to miss here and straight in with what this is.
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again.
So I'm going to press all the macho's range.
Yeah, that's right.
Ford and I to help the fans aside.
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having macho's porch guys
and voices as a fraction.
They were 12 years old.
Yeah, I can't be like that.
Yeah, stand up real close to the radio.
Press it down.
Get their voices on up there.
Really, like, my balls.
They go here.
Yeah, that's wrong, man.
Yeah, he's harder than my infrared brother.
Just remember one thing.
If he can call me bro, I can call you.
It's 1131 at 560 WQIM.
The homestead of the most amazing voices in history radio.
I'm serious.
We got to get that helium guy back in here again.
Give us a big tank.
Have something around it.
Suck on.
Here's a mobile in Margate.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
After that last call, I kind of understand
why you believe there's no God.
But I beg different.
I'd like to know.
What's this?
Which one?
Because I forget them so fast.
The guy with the cinematic.
Oh, yeah.
I can like it.
I can come gigantic.
Even Robert Stack never saw an unsolved mystery like this one.
Did you look it up?
Yeah.
No.
I don't have the thing here.
Somebody I have to call in.
It's not worth it.
I've been with you like 16, 18 years.
Congratulations on the anniversary.
Thank you.
And I'm going to try sometimes surveillance a killing time to shoot a few salvation blows
across your bow there.
You were saying how you thought God would make the world perfect if he was going to make
the world.
But what would be the point of that?
Why would you make a perfect?
I mean, what would be the point of it?
What would be the point of making it less than perfect?
If you were a loving God, which the Jews and the Christians claim that he is, if he were a loving God,
he wouldn't want any suffering.
He would want to make people live forever.
He would want to make sure that they were invulnerable like he is so that they don't have any disease,
so that they're, you know, can't be injured by any of the elements or what have you.
He would make it a perfect world.
That just makes common sense if they were a perfect God.
Are you a merciful man?
You watch hockey, there's not a perfect sport, is it?
What is that?
What is that have to do with God?
You take the pleasure and the game.
Yeah.
What if we're a jigsaw puzzle?
I didn't invent it.
I didn't invent the way the game is played.
I didn't invent violence.
But if you needed to invent a puzzle to use yourself, would you build one that was easily solved?
We're all the...
So what you're saying is that God invented the universe because he was bored,
and this is all just for his amusement, just like the Bible tells man and his convinced man
that the rest of the animal kingdom, God just invented for man's amusement.
It could be that we're just here solving the problems, making our choice.
Solving problems or making problems, I don't think man is solving any problems.
Man is making problems, he's destroying the atmosphere, he's destroying the environment.
Man is creating problems, he's killing each other, he's wiping out the entire species of animals.
Man has been solving problems, he's creating them.
What you know, life is...
In addition to which, why are there problems?
Why did God have to create a place where there were problems?
Because if there's no problems...
Sure, let me say this to you.
If God is perfect, God couldn't have good, he couldn't have a temper.
It totally defies the definition of the word perfect or perfection.
He couldn't be temperamental.
But the God of the Bible is always getting pissed off.
His wrath shall wax hot.
He's not happy with the way things are going.
He's going to have a flood, he's going to send down the locus, he's pissed off.
And yet this is the God who created it and he knew in advance what man was going to do.
So God is the sadest.
Well, I don't buy the Bible version of God.
Oh, the old version of what version are we talking about?
What's the answer we need to go by?
What bubble might you see, am I supposed to believe now?
Well, they look up and that's what they see.
I look up and I see something else.
What do you mean you will look up?
Look up at what?
The guy?
When I look at a head of lettuce and I try to figure out how something so perfect is there.
A head of lettuce is perfect?
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
You went to the top and then lately.
But there's fruit.
I have a billion varieties.
No, that's perfect.
The fruit centers and perfect fruits.
Believe me, I met both varieties.
Did you ever go to science class and they did one of those films where they show you where the world would be if there was just no zinc?
What does that have to do with anything?
No, it doesn't have a natural element.
What does God have to do with zinc?
You know, if everything is here, we need if you want to build everything.
Anything you need is here.
That's why we're bringing back things from Mars and from outer space because all the elements we need are here.
How about the elements that we don't have enough of?
Such as?
Gold.
What is gold?
Oh, sir.
God bless you and have a wonderful life.
Mr. Bubble, I see there.
He's got his own little version of it.
Everybody's got to feel compelled.
Even though they just aren't strong enough to say, this is all a pile of crap.
You know, you people are a bunch of silly people.
They can't do that.
So, well, I don't believe in there, guy.
You know, that's the Bible.
I believe in my own love.
I look up there.
Up there and what?
What do you see up there?
Is it out there?
Is it up there?
Is it down there?
Is it in there?
Is it the journey to the center of the earth with Pat Boone?
Is it James Deren in the time tunnel?
What is it?
And you notice not one person has responded to what I said about all the great mysteries,
not of ancient times, but of our time.
All the questions that will never have a God-damn answer for.
Did OJ kill Ron and the cool?
Now, I know the overwhelming majority of us believe the answer is absolutely positively.
Yes.
But will we ever know for sure?
No.
Things that have happened just in the last couple years, Diana, that they made such a big
Sima Sabat, who was much into about nothing.
That bitch.
Princess Diana, was there a conspiracy?
Was it really a murder by the, whatever the hell at the KGB of Britain, whatever the thing is?
Was it, do we know?
No.
What we ever know?
No.
You could make a list from here until all the way to Tallahassee of all of the things that have happened
just in the last few years that will never ever have the answers for.
All of these things.
That's right.
And yet here we got people who just are insistent on accepting the word because through the generations
all these old wives' tales, these bubble-mysies, these fairy tales have been handed down.
And a lot of people, a lot of good business people discovered, hey, this is a good way to control people
and get a hold of their money, too.
Control their mind, to control their money, get all that power.
Like Janet Paul Cratch figured out, get all those TV stations man, like a pyramid scam.
Is what it is.
Not like a pyramid scam.
It is a pyramid scam.
Only this one's tax-free.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I've been listening to you for a long time since you were with Zeta.
Yes.
Very good.
Enjoy it.
One thing I had to say was the pantherina stinks.
Yeah.
It's awful.
But God bless you and see you.
Okay, excellent call.
Uh-huh.
We have an open line in date.
566-705-60 and 0.560 on the mobile one line.
By the way, they said the new air Canada Center is beautiful but the ice is the worst in the league.
What I'd tell you about these new joints including ours where the ice is really so bad but nobody wants to listen.
Because they don't know from it.
Okay, they're listening to gildy.
Okay, they're listening to gildy.
Bap-bap-a-bap-a-bap-a-bap-a-bap-a-bap.
Yeah.
He'll flurry on that power play.
The amount of misinformation given on this radio station by people who have no idea what they're talking about who don't do any homework who don't really have any attention, what and
like I said, this is the place that you get away with it because the mass is out there most of them don't know either.
Say, don't know, feel furry from the tooth furry.
which he could use by the way could use some help. Of course he was asleep in the back seat he didn't see anything going on.
I'm going to go out on your own because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around but you won't see any boat with a D.E.D.
When I do some pairs to the marvelous feeling of making butter patties stick to the ceiling smoking in the bathroom making out in the hall or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodge ball.
I remember that thing. There's no paper wire over the fire along blow up the toilet with a cherry spark.
The Isaac of Frog in biology class find yourself a nerd and what's he in there?
I'm going to go out on your own because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around but you won't see any boat with a D.E.D.
It's 11.45 at 5.60 WQN the award winning Hank Goldberg show at 2.00 the fat bookshobby show at 6.00 and the desperate Ed Kaplan show.
Desperate only because he's not making any money Gulfstream 10 o'clock tonight. That was nice of Ed to call in yesterday. How'd you set that up?
This was all contrived yesterday. It would have been very nice but as soon as I saw the card from you happy anniversary which I'd forgotten about I knew that we had a whole bunch of crap coming down.
But it killed a good day yesterday. It was great.
By the way for the guy that's the boy you're the one that's gotten all life and is very concerned about what I do I want to Virgin records in the Magnum Plaza which is now a big free story shopping plaza which used to be it's like an old castle.
It's right behind the Royal Castle at the band square and he used to be the Amsterdam main post office was there and then some enterprising businessman.
I saw a documentary on it while I was there came along and turned it into a big the Magnum Plaza and there's a huge Virgin records in there and I bought some music. How do you like that?
Yeah like steps steps for London.
This I'm not going to play this but it's even on me.
Come on let's do it.
We are here.
Well it's a slow starter. So there's something for you to well write down in your little diary that you keep in track.
Nothing worse than a busy body nothing worse than a guy because anybody that's a busy body you know what they're trying to tell you they have absolutely no f in life whatsoever none zero.
Here's Evan Chura hello.
Hey happy anniversary now.
Well thank you so much.
This is the Amoka color brother.
All right.
I was listening to you and you brought up the whole point of the Jamaican over in the afternoon.
Did you say bro?
No I said brother.
Okay I could say Shvo but anyway go ahead.
Hey what was the Jamaican?
Yeah I'm not. Why is there a response on that?
Yeah I'm on.
Because I agree with you.
I've been in that a lot when I hear or see certain things like these are you don't have to be a Jamaican.
You could be a brother it could be a black person who's a act and stupid and we're in a crazy hand looking you know abrasive.
Not an Amsterdam though.
Nope.
They were all like those islands people it's all like they're cut out of the same mold they all got the same roster here and the same the same wrap you know that.
Coke, coke bun, coke what do you need?
Coke.
You know I go to work every day.
They all look so proud.
I smell the same and of course I have a feeling you know I mean I do realize that every country's got to have a certain number of Caribbean people so they have enough drugs.
Yeah I'm not.
But other than that you know I think they got enough other kinds of drugs there should keep everybody happy.
Right.
No one thing when you were gone this whole rape thing with the president.
Yeah.
And across the news and I was looking at the news up then I thought he's doing the president with the California all the people stand on the street corners with rape this time and all this other stuff.
And this is being beamed all over the world and these crazy people stand out their corners matter rape this off of allegation.
Well you'll feel better the rest of the world is they don't give a crap they realize how primitive the American people are.
Okay.
Alright well no you take it easy.
Okay bro.
Alright so yeah I spoke whatever.
Well if you call me bro I'm going to call you.
What's wrong with that now he's got a good point and I think that you know see this is the this whole business about labels and about races and about religions.
See within like the thing with the orthodox Jews that I mentioned several days before when I vacation or response on that of course because the rest of us are all embarrassed about it I guess.
All the rest of us Jews which are like 9 million Jews in South Florida by the way you know that there's 12 million Jews down here.
But at any rate you know so the orthodox against the conservative and reform and then you've got the Hispanics who all hate each other the Cubans who wait to put a weekend and a Colombian to wait the Mexican and it's all the same.
And one thing we never realized that we're always hearing it the other way around about how they like like it's some kind of it is part of that imperious attitude like did you make a woman always tell you about that real arrogant better than now condescending attitude.
Well it seems to me a lot of the island people are got the same attitude toward black Americans.
Oh well I'm not a black I'm from a wherever you know fill in the blank I'm from like a real progressive place like Haiti something like that.
I have a feeling that there's a lot of resentment there because we're talking about really different kind of cultures and the point I was trying to make yesterday and repeating this business about all these damn drug dealers out on the streets.
There these roster people from the Netherlands until he's not these other damn Dutch islands.
Who have their passport so they can't keep them out is that they create a very ugly stereotype.
And I think we're Saturday night I'm walking down one of the streets on a damn rack one of the main shopping streets there and here's another one of these you know these roster shfarts.
I wanted to say to him but of course you know sometimes this question is the better part of valor but I wanted to say are there any of you black folks in this town who aren't busy selling illegal drugs on the streets.
But I didn't say it.
There's other than that it's in you know it's paradise but there's always got to be something they always got to be some sugar in the wood pile no matter where you go.
Here's Fort Lauderdale hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hi God.
Yes sir.
GED stands for good effort dummy.
Well you were gone the show seemed so long what Georgia talking that guy blows.
Okay thanks.
Open line of power 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line where's I thought I saw her on there.
Well let's dispense with it.
Happy poem.
Happy poem to you.
Happy poem.
To you.
Yeah.
How are you?
Is today really the day?
What?
I said happy poem.
Thank you.
I didn't have luck with the humontosh.
Yeah good we don't need no humontosh.
Okay it'll make you fat and sick.
Take years off your life.
I know but my-
They let Esther eat all the humontosh.
My name's Scott Mizzle it's a little white hard ones.
No no listen now sometimes a little white hard one ain't bad you know that's what I tell everybody they run.
They run like a son of a bitch.
Yes.
A gneel.
Yeah.
I agree with you on this angel array.
Yeah she's got a thing on her.
She uh.
I think it's a disease.
She art.
I think she's got a big chirping problem is what she's got.
I think.
No she looks like she's ready to attack that guy Steve.
Yeah.
Don't you think?
I don't know I'm ready.
I'm going to channel four is off my station now.
I am too.
They're going to buy the channel four they.
I got my litter from the satellite superstar connection and because the channel four and CBS I got a they got a
lot of them.
I'm going to take my national CBS thing off my big dish and I can't see it anymore.
So goodbye to channel four.
Goodbye to any of these local affiliates that want to try to force us to watch what we don't want to watch.
Right.
This is supposed to be America.
That would be like my forcing anybody that wanted to listen to radio in this town in AM station listen to QA.
Or you know who the hell would like wouldn't like to have a deal like that.
This morning you mentioned rock and cup.
Right.
I haven't heard that since I was a young girl.
I know my year is sweet heart believe.
Yes you should though.
I'm a real scholar.
Yeah.
Okay Neil.
Have a happy.
It's same to you.
It's like a son.
Thank God.
See you.
Bye bye.
She said thank you.
You're good.
We have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one is we keep plotting along here waiting to hear about the perfect God the imperfect God the silly silly stories from silly silly people who just refused to say goodbye to Sandy clause in the two theory and the
book he meant under the bed.
Rhymes with dead.
That's the problem they don't like the dead part.
And let me tell you again if there was a God he wouldn't give you like sixty five seventy five eighty maybe ninety years if you're lucky he wouldn't do that if there was a loving God.
And he also wouldn't make you wrinkled up and shriveled he wouldn't make you as you get older look like a prone he wouldn't do that to us.
But nature like I told you nature is this passionate that you doesn't care nature is the void of emotions nature just is like we are it just is.
So you that's what it is and you know if you can accept it fine and do the best you can if you can't accept it then get a crutch.
Turn on Jan and Paul Crutch on that channel forty five they'll help you out they'll take your money and help you out they'll give you an offer that nobody would refuse.
For the right price you can go to heaven you can have eternal everlasting life your soul the human soul will go up there up there maybe car can't once saw what was up there maybe he jumped a little bit too high and that silly suit with the tights that he used to wear maybe he went a little bit too high or maybe you ever wrote Superman was a little bit too high when he wrote it.
I think that's what was wrong with your dreams.
I think that's what was wrong with your dreams.
I think that's what was wrong with your dreams.
I don't know I don't know the deal about trying to differentiate themselves I don't care who they are.
Yeah well they have a very condescending arrogant kind of attitude I guess they feel like I better weed than you guys have have a great taste weed right in the day.
I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad guy I'm not a bad
hey-deal f sanctuary my best hobby Because the city NBA is that we're
FFF the problem, FFF the problem, FFF the problem, FFF the problem, FFF the problem, FFF the problem, yes, it's so hard without my...
Now you gotta pretty wipe it, it's the penny I'll be a man.
Wash away the purple dyga, and hair cut it, and the spin on the fan.
You gotta give the, FFF the problem, FFF the problem, FF the problem, FFF the problem, FF the cute mother got married.
He's a real credit for the sports world. No question about that. It's a minute past
noon at 560 WDQAM. In fact, next time you go into McDonald's say I'll have a triple
double please. We have an open line in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
line. By the way, we got a big event coming on Friday this Friday. We've been waiting
for this for months. I know all of you are on the edge of your seat. Marlon's in Tampa.
Oh, exhibition baseball 12 50 in the PM from Vieira. We got a whole bunch of those this
month, which we say. Oh, right. Yeah. Not good for the ratings, but you know, something
it's a good way to kind of work your way back in. Come back from vacation. You don't have
too many days with the whole four hours. Friday we got like two hours and 50 minutes.
Sounds real good to me. And of course, Hank, he'll be on after the game, which means
like about 4 4 30. Well, 6 he's probably going. Yeah. Sounds okay. Because that's all
just what we need to goose those numbers back up is some good exhibition baseball. Because
we sure love the Marlon here on Q.A.M. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Why don't you
just bounce on the Marlon games? What is it? No, I have a call for you. Yeah. As God
lived on earth, people will throw rock at his windows. Yeah. Pretty much it. Okay. Okay.
We have an open line of day 5 6 7. How can we do any stick today? 5 6 7 0 5 60 in
pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You let us down pal. We're waiting for your stick.
Here's a mobile in Davie. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary. Well, thank you so much.
Neil, do we really want to follow a God that would have his son brutally murdered as a way
of showing his love for us? No. What the hell is that all about? Well, it's a sadistic
God. Like I told you, it's a God of violence and sadism and wrath and hate and waxing hot
and melting pot and all this other stuff. Yeah. And what kind of a God is it that would
convince us or allow us to believe that prayer would be helpful when he already knows the
outcome and whether he's going to help us or not. Right. What is that all about? Yeah,
a good point. And beyond that, Neil, why are all of these lunatics wearing crosses? If
the leader of what I believe to be a miraculous religion died in the electric chair, I wouldn't
wear an electric chair around my neck or a nash chamber, what the hell would they be wearing
a bonnet? What's that hell is that all about? Business. Somebody's got to make some cash
off it. How do you get me what they call the Chachki store? Yeah, this is what the leader
of their faith was nailed to and left for days and what they were around their neck to celebrate.
I don't get that at all. Well, how about back in Noah's days, man, when everybody was
drowning over there? That wasn't too much fun either. It's a book filled with murder and torture
and abuse and this is what the loving father has given us and why do you believe it? And mankind
is carrying out the tradition, man. Very scary, Neil. Very scary. I can understand if a few people,
there are a few little tribes that believe in this. Yeah, they have so many people believing this
and accept this as the truth. It's a scary commentary on the culture we live in. I'll see
you at the passport office. See you there, Neil. Okay. We have an open line in Broward. Two of
them is a matter of fact, five six seven oh five sixty. Don't be a coward call from Broward. Five six seven oh five sixty
five fifty on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, have we had one? You know, I'm trying to think 23 years,
this is the first day of my 24th year on the air in Miami. Have I ever had one call on this topic
that made any sense that was, you know, that argued with my point of view? Have I ever had one?
No. One that made any good points. No. That could justify all these fairy tales. No. Of course,
we had Christina. I forgot about her. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Great. Happy
poor. I'm happy anniversary. You know, anything missing yesterday was the bird. Thank God.
Mm-hmm. The reason why I call that. Let's not do that again next year. Let's wait for the 25th one. Okay.
Before we do the contrived stuff and have to see all these other make-believe people. I mean, I looked up. I looked
up what was on at 1130 since George told you he said he would. Yeah, don't say that. He's trying to
promote something that's stupid. He keeps trying to come on here. We will not put it on here. That guy said he called
this. Now that's his, that's his material. That's a medley of his material is this great Z movie that
nobody will ever watch and it's not going to get on here and don't watch it. My dad, if you do turn
it on, it'll be off by 1132. My dad and I were talking the other day. When you leave, when you
retire, I could throw my radio away. And that thing they put on in place of reconcords. Oh my god.
That's sad. What's what thing are you talking about? That's sad? Yeah. Hey, George did a pretty good
job. I hope he, I hope he owns the skill so when you leave, he can sit in the big chair. He's honing
it right now. All right. He's working on it and it skills too. Or maybe that's his,
he'll lately is getting ready for St. Patrick's Day not too far away. Poor him today. If it's
poor him now, can St. Patty's day be too far away? No. Open line and day one and Broward. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
0.5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. No hummentation. Okay. We thank that lady. Who was that? Oh, that was
from Dave Helberstam. We thank Dave profusely. I am not going to be eating those and Hank will not
be getting any of that stuff either. And you know something if he's upset about it too bad. I'm doing
your favor, Hank. Nobody anywhere in the world is more familiar with trying desperately to get off
of this crap and having people stick in front of your face. A sugar addict like yours truly. Now,
if I could find a god that would get me free from the sugar addiction, then maybe, probably not,
but just maybe there might be a chance. I at least pretend to go for it. Here's a mobile and
show last yesterday. So I missed Rick and Sets calling you up. The wish you have to
anniversary. Yeah. Don't hold your breath. I mean, you give it a lot of publicity. But anyway,
I wanted to call you. I can't do that. Rick Riley is so terrified of his job and they're working
for them. I don't blame him. Anyway, I wanted to tell you about it. Ben here, Steve,
King calling in yesterday. Do you only got a promoter that bum fork station that he's on? He called?
No, he did not. Oh, that's terrible. Yeah. Well, anyway, people don't realize how Jews are
present against Jews. Yeah. I grew up in Chicago where if you were German Jew,
he had the best synagogues. He had the finest jobs. And my dad, my dad, who had a little store
on the west side of Chicago, I mean, he had to, he could never hope to go to a fine synagogue
like the Germans. German Jews were the finest Jews and the Russian Jews we were dirt. Yeah.
Do you remember that? Do I remember that? Yeah, I remember that just like it was yesterday.
Terrific ego. But anyway, I'm glad to hear the forum woman called up.
Okay. Zagizunt. We have an open line of day two and Broward. 567-0560.
Count 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, I am. Happy Purim
and happy anniversary. Thank you. You absolutely cracked me up with your Paul and Jan routine. Paul
and Jan. Wonderful. TVN Trinity Broadcasting. 410-188. Paul and Jan. Crotch.
If people only knew the truth about how many stations they really own.
Hey, and if they also know the truth, I was reading a one of the tabloids on the plane going
over by the way about this gigantic multi-million dollar mansion. How they've scammed all this money
from Trinity Broadcasting. And they're always on the earth talking about, you know, poverty and the
coast of the Lord and this and they live in this multi-million dollar mansion that the Paul Crotch
has built out in California. And they've got the huge, the racial homes all over the world.
And they're living the life of Riley and they're ripping it off from all these poor,
old slabs that are watching this crap. Oh, absolutely. They took in last year 260 million.
Tax-free. Absolutely, which is the bigger crack of the whole thing is that most of people really
believe that they own 400 and some actual TV stations. They own 12 TV stations. The rest are
uplinks, which is like $2,500 a pop and then pay your fee. Right. That's their permits game.
Exactly. And these people, they pay all the money, they do all this sort of crap and they're ready
to die on the line because they're all going crazy. Interesting thing, Jan was caught in Nashville
about five months ago, I think or six months ago, riding down the street with her entourage on
Harley-Davidson motorcycles with tattoos on her back. That's what I thought that's really neat.
Well, she's got a, you know, appeal to that crowd. Yeah, well, it's pleatledee and pleatlede.
Okay. Thank you. And have a great day. Yeah, Janet Paul Crox, they'll take your money.
Is it warm in here? Is it just me? It really is warm. Man, it's a little on the warm side.
You know that or goddess starting to like turn the furnace up a little bit?
Because you know where we're going to wind up George, it's going to be real hot. Well, it's good.
I guess that's a good thing when you move to Florida just before you go to hell. Right?
Because the temperature, especially in July, August when it's real hot and humid,
it's kind of like conditioning for the real thing.
10 minutes per, I've always said this is hell. 10 minutes past noon at 5.60 Q.A.M.
Can you air in shit like this?
Okay.
Great.
Are you sure?
Okay.
Oh.
Yeah.
Okay.
on a practical joke.
You took a mac and noodle, put an explode in,
floating for Monica was blowing rings a smoke.
Bills to cars and Monica's a china.
She let's start a giggle,
every time he makes it we go.
Monica is not a kind,
you can do it in the behind,
but a cigar and herb a china she don't mind.
Or before feel that Hillary's been
made a fool of by her husband,
feel that Hillary was wrong.
A female linking bedroom,
she was born in,
born in Alvaro was doing her with Bill Bones.
Bills to cars and Monica's a china.
She let's start a giggle,
every time he makes it we go.
Monica is not a kind,
you can do it in the behind,
but a cigar and herb a china she don't mind.
Or candy's candy,
yes a snack,
a snack,
oh yeah,
what you gotta do is take a sip of Rillow,
and put it in the ground,
oh yeah,
yeah,
go now,
go now,
yeah,
1275, 60 QA,
I'm so anyway, I told you I got my letter from Superstar Connection after all this time.
Your Superstar customer is a result of a federal court ruling,
we sincerely regret we must disconnect your CBS
and Fox Network Services Effective February 28th is in a couple of days ago.
Please understand that this ruling only applies to your network services,
it's set of and so on.
Why this is happening?
A federal judge interpreted the satellite home viewer act for CBS and Fox Networks
and determined this.
If you live in an area where half the people can receive the local TV station half the time
using a 30 foot high antenna,
you are not eligible to receive that TV network via satellite,
even if you cannot receive that local station at all.
This turn off due to the legal restriction imposed by the judge,
will affect you no matter where you are,
who you are,
see or whatever.
CBS.
So in other words, big dish,
little dish,
you got a big one or a little one,
they're still cutting it out.
And then on the back,
it's got people that says here they are people you can write to for an exemption.
In other words,
if you live on their cave somewhere and you really can't pick up their signal,
and it's got these General Manages Channel 7, which is Fox & Miami,
WFLX and PEC,
which is CBS and Fox & Palm Beach,
and the Uncharted WFLX Channel 4 in Miami, CBS.
Alan Shaqlin, General Manager.
Alan Shaqlin, you should only have a wicked hemorrhoid, okay?
You miserable piece of dreck.
This business, this idea that somehow TV operators believe that they can manipulate and control
what people can pay for to watch on their satellite dishes is so unbelievable.
And this ruling by the repressive courts,
that even if you can't pick it up yourself,
if 50% of the people in your reviewing area can pick it up,
then you're still screwed.
That's the kind of freedom you got in America.
And by the way, just to show you that things continue to be the same here,
and this is, I should save this.
I should start a scrapbook, not a scrapbook, a scrapbook.
I love reading the letters to the editor in both newspapers,
not because there are any good ones very often, very rarely,
but because every now and then you'll read one that's so ridiculous
or that it's such a classic example of what kind of journalism we have in this town,
and I use that word loosely,
two words, journalism and town.
Here's a letter in the Miami Herald this morning that they wouldn't print this letter
in the Canon dig when New York Daily Messenger,
which is a town of 10,000 people in the weekly reader.
At your local elementary school, they would not print this letter.
It's so juvenile and ridiculous, and I'll read it to you.
It says, keep aspirin handy just in case of the headline.
Surely, Zeeve in Miami writes,
I read that a person having a heart attack should immediately take an ordinary aspirin.
People should make sure that they know where the aspirin is,
that they can get the cap off and that it is fresh.
End of letter.
From Shirley in Miami.
Printed in your Miami Herald.
Know where the aspirin is, make sure you can get the cap off,
is that the cap on the aspirin or your skull cap and that it is fresh.
A letter in this morning's Miami Herald on the editorial f-ing page.
We have an open line of day one and Broward, 566705,
60 in Pomp 560, and you wonder,
you wonder why this is such a bushly place with so many bushly people
and bushly media and bushly operations like you can't see the gold light at the arena,
and all these things.
Here's Evan Chura. Hello.
Hi, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Neil, I was a fellow comment.
I honestly don't agree with you like in the way you were talking about religion and God and the Bible.
I really feel that if everybody were lived by the word of God and in the Bible, the way it speaks,
we would all get along and we would have you having many problems.
Is that why God kept telling the Jews to kill our enemies in the Old Testament?
Well, I don't know about the old...
Why don't you go read the Bible and then call and talk to me about it, okay?
Mr. Hotshot, here's another brainwashed imbecile who's got no brain, no education, no learn and no nothing,
and he's calling me, well, I don't know.
Well, I'm fine now before you call a talk show and start spouting out a bunch of crap.
Live by God's word.
What is that frost, my air?
Damn it. Yeah.
All you simple to know, simple to people out there that have been brainwashed,
I manipulated like puppets on a string because you can't think for yourself.
Pick up that stupid book and read all that crap.
And if you get past the first few pages, I'll give you a guide then,
of Purple Something, Purple Picky Winky.
Purple Blue.
Purple Blue, we got those around.
Stuff will blow it up for you.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hi Neil, for Time Color.
Yes, sir.
Well, this is the satellite man, I can solve your problem.
I have the big dish and I know where you're going through.
First of all, CBS Television Network is on G6.
Okay, and G7, G6 is their backup.
I mean, G7 is their backup.
I've had a big dish for 12 years.
Don't you think it with all the respect?
Don't you think I know where to find the feeds?
Okay.
Second of all, the feedback.
But that's not the point.
And of course, the people that have been watching it on the small dish,
they're totally screwed because there are no back calls.
There are no other feeds.
Are you familiar with the B-Mac decoder?
No.
A B-Mac decoder?
I'm not sure something illegal.
Oh, no, no, no.
It's not illegal at all.
The B-Mac decoder is like between 800 to $1,000 decoder.
Yeah.
That will receive the network through your satellite receiver.
And I'm not talking about the VC2 plus board.
You're talking about an illegal chip, is what you're talking about.
Nope, you can buy it locally.
Well, let me say it again to it.
It is not legal to receive.
I don't care where you can buy it.
That doesn't mean that it's legal.
You can't receive the CBS and Fox signal in Miami as of now.
Whatever you have in your phone is your property.
The wrong.
And you know better than that.
If you know anything about satellites, they can come in.
They can confiscate it.
If you've got an illegal equipment there, the government can come and take it away in two seconds.
And they've done it.
Okay.
How come they haven't done that with cable?
Meaning what?
They have done it with cable.
They put people in jail with an illegal box.
What do you talk?
Sir, get a life.
Okay.
Here's another guy.
He's just like the guy to call me for.
This is one of the great things about talks.
He was one of the great joys of the 50 years that I've been doing this to 500 years.
Is that people that, you know, they call them, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And of course, once they say it on the ear, they're people that really believe it.
I believe you should be able to watch whatever the hell you want.
If it's a premium show, a sporting event that isn't like free over the air.
Then if you want to pay for, you should be able to watch it.
Period.
What a concept.
And look at all the money they're missing out.
Here's the call.
You guys selling your legal boxes.
We have an open line in date.
561056.
What is it?
561.
What number is that?
You know, that's an okay 18 number.
Oh my God, he's regretting.
That's seriously.
567.0560 and 0.560.
118 TNT wireless lines.
Well, I'm trying to move back in time so I can catch up with some of these people.
If you just live by God's word, well, what is it?
I don't know.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Well, that last guy, one of the politicians in Miami.
Yeah.
It's not illegal unless you get caught.
Right.
Listen, Neil, I want to thank you.
You're a fan of those heavier swarers.
I want to thank you because I grew up at the very Christian and very holy and very Bible-thumping
person all my life.
Holy!
And I listened to your show for the last several years.
You brought up so many good points and so many just common sense that I guess you never
think of.
And thanks to you, I have completely gone away from all that and started to think of you.
Thank God.
Starting to think for myself, the only problem is I sent my kids to Catholic school and
it's not because of the Catholic education.
The thing is simply because I think it's better than the public school education and this
church has a deal.
This school has a deal that you contribute X amount of dollars to the church.
Right there next to the school you get to reduce tuition.
There's no fact in this church.
Right.
So I did that for a while and then I said, you know, this is, I'm not going to do this anymore.
I'm not going to support the church anymore or pay for the Catholic habit in their ways.
So I pay regular tuition and-
I don't support those nasty habits.
Just keep it, I just pay the regular tuition and that's it.
Like thanks to you, I've seen my year of my ways and all I can say is that let's save
a lot of money in this life so when we get the hell we can install it, center their
conditioning.
All right.
And have a great day sir.
God bless you.
Okay, exotic gardens and this was this from by the way.
Is this serious?
Please accept they belated tribute to the Godfather of San Florida talk radio.
Congratulations on your 23rd anniversary.
Steve Kane, Mr. Eag-
Ego.
How do you like that?
Well thank you Steve.
Unbelievable.
Man, oh man.
I'm not going to play it.
Well I can't find it first of all.
I've never know what these things are under.
Like-
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just tell me what your problem is.
And it's if none of those are real flowers, I'm assuming they look like roses.
Yes, real roses.
Thanks Steve.
You're okay in my book, at least through a point anyway.
Hey listen, like I said, I'm for the talent.
One thing about Steve Kane, I disagree with all of his right wing opinions, which, who knows what happened to him.
Maybe he got into a bad bowl of grits or something.
I don't know.
And some of the anxious people that he's associated with him.
So what the fact is, nevertheless, here's a guy that came along.
You know, and carved out, he created a thing, FTL.
He created a light bulb.
He went out there and he invented something out of a hundred-year-old people and made a living out of it.
You got to make a living baby.
So I come in to him and I always have said that.
You know, even though he's often full of crap, but nevertheless it's a radio show.
Hi Steve, thank you.
Steve Kane, 1470 on your AM dawn morning.
And then don't forget Mike Reinerie.
We heard from him yesterday.
And you know, that's scandal there.
That whole thing with Henry Burrow.
You notice when Reinerie called in?
A lot of hostility there.
It's part of the way Henry Burrow tried to, you know, soft soap to hold ill about how he and the Roger,
knife, Reinerie, and the back and stole the show from him.
That's what they did.
Hey, no, it's true.
I can't have an orgasm just driving down I-95.
But only if you're driving beside me.
I'm going for my picking up dudes merit back.
I want to be the leader of the Bieber Patrol.
I want to hike and camp and shower with all the other little boys.
You know what something, folks?
The Boy Scouts never used to be about six.
But that was all that straight.
Hi, I'm Admiral Sander.
Folks meant for America's number one juvenile Arab military group.
If you're a little bugger whose foremost are just getting out of hand for boys or girls,
then I want you to join me in the scouting experience.
We've changed.
The scout is trustworthy, boy, 40.
And we want you.
Hello.
In a tent.
Wearing khaki.
So just remember our motto.
Be prepared to run like hell with spinach show up.
And get your cute little keepers down here today.
Okay, 1232 at 560Q.
I'm slightly a really a wounded, you know,
because virtually everybody in the industry,
everybody of any significance,
says either yesterday or Steve came better late than ever he admitted he was a little bit,
you know, behind the time.
But a beautiful thing of roses from exotic gardens.
Yesterday we heard from everybody and their brother Henry Barrel,
Mike Renieri,
Hank Goldberg, stopped in the studio personal,
Ed Kaplan, Jim Manwich.
But did we hear from Rick in Spud?
No.
No.
Did they even call to give me a number?
No.
No.
Didn't even give me a number.
Much less happy anniversary.
No.
Well, I heard Rick once say that you're number one.
No, he once gave me number one.
Or at least he was holding up number one.
I think that was on the way out the door.
Damn it.
Yeah.
That's okay.
What goes around comes around guys?
560, 560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got 600 open lines today.
We're still waiting to get saved.
Thanks so much to our good friend Matthew
for his brilliant letter in that book.
The name of the book, the signature of God.
Damn, God.
And Matthew has got me converted already.
In fact, I'm going to be going to shul and then I'm going to be stopping in a few churches on the way to plenty of them out there in the acres.
They stop out there and see the Mormons may put my magic under where on.
Here's a fact just a quick fact to say happy anniversary.
It says sorry it's a day late but couldn't get to a fact yesterday.
You should know that you're the best thing on the year period.
I've been listening for 10 years faithfully.
Well, continue to listen.
I'm 30 years old and live in Boynton Beach.
And you do have a ton of listeners up here.
I had the pleasure of meeting with a hockey game this year.
I was nervous talking to you.
So I probably came across like an idiot.
But you said don't worry about it as you were very nice to speak with.
How do you like that?
I was very nice to speak with.
As opposed to some of these assholes who expect that I'm going to put on a song and a dance for them when they meet me.
Brian up there in Boynton Beach.
He was satisfied.
He was, you know, no problems.
He says between Bob and Tom in the morning and you from 10 to 2 the whole day is taking care of.
How do you like that?
You know, Bob and Tom in the morning, you know how I love them.
Now that we've lost Raniri, I guess he's got a better deal on the one they were working on to get him over here.
Because they are working feverishly to replace that morning show over here.
That's what I hear.
So we can't get Raniri.
But you know something Bob and Tom mornings on this station.
Because Tom Beach, you know, it's not, there's no conflict there because it's not the same market.
Bob and Tom in the morning, I can almost smell it right now.
Can't you?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
First they probably keep Goldion like, you know, as a sidekick.
Here's a Naples. Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to ask you if you had ever thought about that gap in the chronology of the life of Jesus between the age of 12 and 30.
Yeah.
You thought about that?
Didn't you read Pat Boone's book, Twix 12 and 30?
No.
Yeah, well that's the answer to the gap.
In fact, Pat Boone was doing those gap gene spots talking when I was pedaling the book.
What's in the happy statin too, you know?
What is his idea that happened during that time?
You know, it's really nice when I see Pat Boone on his stupid information to see how ungracefully he's aging and how bad he looks.
It makes me feel really good.
What is it?
I'm asking you, what was his idea between those ages?
He was, you know, spanking it a lot, I guess he was busy.
I'm wondering if the Christians actually know that they're following a boot, that's why I'm bringing this up.
Jesus, I believe during that period through some...
There's a lot of excuses about it.
I've done some studying about it because I wondered quite a bit about it.
Why?
Well, I was really taking...
Well, I was young and I was interested in this life of this guy who, you know, had so much experience.
I was really interested in the age of a following.
I wanted to know a lot more about it.
Maybe that guy who called me about an hour and a half ago can call up Jesus and say, you know, Jesus, when you selected Jerusalem, what do you do there?
Do you do the same, go to the same joints all the time?
What do you do there?
I think you probably tried to stay out of town.
Yeah, I wouldn't blame him.
Me too.
But anyway, you know, I think that the age of 12, that's when the Jewish kids went into their apprenticeship for what they do for life.
And I think that his parents encouraged him to study the different philosophies and religions.
And I think that he...
This is a speculation, but there's...
I don't think there was ever any such person to be very honest with.
I don't think there was any such Moses, there was any Abraham, there was any Jesus, there was any Noah, I don't...
Daniel, these are all old wives' tales.
Could you entertain my idea, though?
No.
Please.
No.
Well, I think that he followed the trade routes to India.
No.
And studied under some food in China.
Maybe you would have had Marco Polo.
No.
I don't know if he got that far.
Maybe he brought back macaroni.
But I think he's...
Maybe that he's the food in China.
You know something, maybe that's why the Catholic, he's the 8 macaroni and cheese every Friday.
Maybe he got that stool from a macaroni.
No, the HD fish.
I mean, from a...
From a...
Marco Polo or macaroni.
He was a good Italian boy.
Okay, whatever you're saying, you're talking nonsense and so am I, and it fits perfectly.
You think macaroni ate macaroni?
Yeah.
If you liked it, baby, he liked his pasta.
Vastala pasta.
It's got lots of carbs, man.
Don't get sucked into that pasta stuff.
We have an open line by a poor Oprah, by the way.
She's licking her wounds.
Jerry Springer's beating the stout out of that bitch.
No, she's going to retire in the ear or something.
She just...
She's just embarrassed.
Yes, she's embarrassed because he's beating the pants off her, that bitch.
But she's still doing a syrupy boring show to hers.
Well, these syrupy boring housewives, millions of them from coast to coast, sucking up every bit of...
...swill that she spews on the ear.
Pathetic.
Pathetic.
22 to 1.
Couldn't you just see her?
Seriously, I don't know what this may sound bad, but couldn't you just see her with that bone in her nose?
I'm serious.
I envision that all the time, every time I see her on the tube while I'm channel surfing real quickly, I bounce right by there.
And I just...
That picture of like, LC DeBorden, Cali, you know what that...
I need help.
It's Riley stole my red case.
I like the park in his face.
That's Marmy Dink, what gives him the rights?
Oh!
I think his wife bought a bite at up to night.
Rick Riley stole my red case.
What this place to do, human race?
Oh, rigorous smoke.
Hey Goldberg sucks.
That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Rick Riley stole my red case.
I like the park in his face.
Yeah.
Rick Riley, you're an asshole.
Yeah.
I listen to the parents say the deal is they're not allowed to call.
I'm sure that they both would have called it.
They got none of their together on a coronal extension.
And they wish me all the...
Yeah, but they can't call it because it's a queer channel.
It's Pete Boulder and Wanda Wolf.
Paranoia, baby.
Little people are paranoid, okay?
I remember back in that year that I was on Zeta.
Maybe the 10 of you who are still alive remember those days.
And I used to call all the other morning shows in town.
I used to call Bill Tanner.
I used to call up even Joy Reynolds when he was on She.
And who else was on here?
Sonny Fox was on...
Maybe Sonny was on She.
But anyway, he used to call...
And the only one that was paranoid enough tight about it was the guy that's waiting tables now
to Sterling Country Kitchen and Hollywood Greg Vudelle.
Oh, you're interfering with my show?
Well, if I'm interfering with your show, what are you putting me on the air for, asshole?
He's a piece of work for.
I'm going to tell you.
All the strengths in the world put together.
They could have a symposium and not figure that poor character out.
He's a sand.
But he waits in the main table out here.
Leave him a good tip.
Come on.
Throw time's sake.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Mr. Ruggles.
Yes, sir.
Happy delayed anniversary.
Like that was in a Sterling Country Kitchen with Sally Fitzgerald.
And I said, she said, come on, leave Greg a big tip.
You know, he's about to do some tough times.
I said, can't do it, Sally.
Go ahead, sir.
And how was your vacation, sir?
Great. Great.
I was listening to George.
I think he's excellent.
Yes.
Matt just want to ask him if I can be his White House intern?
No.
Yeah.
I can do more with the cigar than Monica can.
Kenya.
Well, that's probably because you're Cuban.
Two, I'm saying same old stuff.
Go away for a few days.
Come back.
It's never going to change.
Same old stuff.
That's all they know, man.
The rectum.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
And he's probably like he's probably not, he's probably going to
get in the middle of the time store.
He's probably getting this real a $24, $1,000 of those real cheap convenience stores.
And little Havana down here on Flagler Streety.
Sorry to one man.
Same said and like I said before, this bullet business about what would this town be if they
hadn't come here.
You know what the answer is?
I'll give you one word, paradise.
That's what this town would be.
That's what this town used to be, by the way.
When I first came here, BM.
That's not Brian Murray.
That's BM as in before Mary L. It was paradise.
This was a pretty neat place.
It still had some of the trappings of the old greatness, you know?
Like when Jackie Gleese used to do a show from the fountain blue and you know,
when the beach was really something and we had national publicity and even that
anti-Semite Arthur Godfrey used to be on from the beach.
That was paradise.
That's what it would be.
You offer nothing, zero zippity, doodah, you contribute nothing, nothing but
divisiveness and stupidity and a whole other culture that refuses to come out of
the stone age.
That refuses you so far out of the mainstream.
That's the sad part.
So far, I mean, maybe even if you stop killing the chickens on a front lawn, you know?
Go choke your chicken on the back lawn.
That would be better.
That would be a good beginning too, like taking a tiny little step into American culture.
I know we're pushing too hard a little bit too soon.
Wait till generation and Z.
Z.
Yeah, because we're only up to N.
Yeah, so we got a long way to go in the alphabet all the way to the end.
Is there what is it called Z in this esponial?
Z.
Was that the that's right?
That's a four.
What is that the four?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Going once, going twice, 11 minutes and 58 seconds of our cash wasted by that bonehead.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hey, no, I don't.
Okay, sir.
I went to the panicking, though, and I'm a leaf fan and I was cheering for the coyotes.
Jack has turns around and starts screaming at me telling me to shut up.
You know, I don't know what's wrong.
You're picked a good night to pull for the coyotes from all over the world.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
It's pretty embarrassing.
Well, they're in a coma of the coyotes.
See, every team goes through, no matter how like the flyers, the flyers were so hot.
They're for a while and now they couldn't be a girl's team.
You know, everything goes through it.
Leaves are playing pretty well.
It's pretty good.
Leaves are playing great.
Yeah, but I need to take out the ice at the end of arena sucks, by the way.
No, I, I, uh, any bottom was been on sports channel.
That was pretty good.
Well, like I said, then all everybody that knows the game, which leads him out,
said it's the worth they've ever seen.
Yeah, leave it to the next pot fantasy.
The ice is good.
Every article I've read, everybody I've talked to.
It's in the paper again this morning about the horrible ice at the air Canada Center.
And it goes to show you every one of these new arena, even in places like Toronto,
where the weather is nice and cold out there.
They should have no excuse for not being able to make good ice.
They've only got like 100 years experience.
They still can't do it right.
Because probably the bows of the maybe ice down here went up there into the same crappy job.
Well, I'm telling you this is it's either warm in here.
I'm like on the death story.
It's got to be warm in here.
It's not me.
Aren't you warm in there?
Of course you were in there and I'm in here.
It's it's switching in here.
I turned it down.
Yeah, a lot.
Well, maybe somebody is a gym to something up in the ceiling or something.
Or maybe I'm just going through change your life again.
Or maybe this thing is y'all, although it's not my push.
It's not that thing again.
See, I'm convinced that in fact, I'm not even going to waste my time on the air with it.
And I'm sure you're delighted to hear that about this rash and this whole.
It's never going to go away.
I'll live with this the rest of my life.
I'm prepared for that to take it to my grave.
Because I'm just I give up.
I give up.
You cannot find a doctor in this town of any kind.
We'll spend enough time with you who make a dedicated effort to get something done.
This isn't some serious, you know, thank goodness.
But I mean, it's annoying.
It's debilitating.
It's aggravating.
And I don't believe in any of the doctors.
I went to a dermatologist.
I went to the hot shot there at the Cleveland Clinic.
I went to the doctor.
You don't need me with the rubber nose.
And you know, how many doctors can you go to before you say screw it?
Just screw it.
It'll maybe one day I'll wake up.
It'll be totally gone.
It looks like it's gone.
Then it makes a little comeback.
Then it looks like, you know, and you ask that question, how much why should a doctor why should a position who prescribes you a prescription drug not be able to give you an answer.
I'm not talking a definitive answer because everybody system is different.
But a ballpark answer how long does it take if it really wasn't allergy to a drug like Adelaide, how long does it take to get out of your system?
Sounds to me like a reasonable question.
And the answer is always.
I don't know.
Yeah.
But here's the bill.
And good luck.
You don't need me.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just invested 15 minutes of my mobile phone to you.
Could you give me two minutes?
Yeah.
And I'm going to try to be as serious as possible with it.
Yeah.
Okay, you're calling a lot of the people's simpletons that are following these old fables or whatever you want to call them stories.
Yeah.
And you're entitled to that opinion.
That is not.
I think it's a gentleman that called you just shortly before me is a simpleton himself claiming how you've changed his life and made it and brought up points to make him the light and that he's not, you know, a lot of believe.
Why does that make him a symbol to him because he had an open mind and he got away from the brainwashing?
How, why does that make him a symbol to him?
My only other question is why.
No.
Yeah.
Why do you feel so compelled to just bash Jesus Christ?
And whether or not I believe in Jesus and nothing to do with it.
Right.
How about all the others?
Does it make any difference whether it Jesus?
Didn't I just get you saying that there was probably no such person as Moses or Abraham or Jesus or any of them?
Did I just get you saying that?
Well, I hear you so much.
Why do you exist a lot more than Moses?
No, I do not.
I did a whole show here on the Orthodox Jews a couple days before I went on vacation and that story that was on a front page of the hero and how they're, you know,
showing rocks and swearing at each other over there in Israel, how the Jews hate each other because they're not religious enough for the Orthodox.
But wouldn't you agree that this is the whole thing?
No, I would not agree with anything you would say because it's all a bunch of bull crap.
I'm not singling any of them.
It's all crap.
All of it.
Do you understand, sir?
You follow my drift.
No, I understand your, your angle.
Your point of view with the angle.
It's not a point of view.
It's a fact.
It's all bull crap.
It's all man-advented garbage.
Well, what you're talking about is you're talking, you're talking about a listener that's calling up and taking a talk show host.
Number one topic for ratings.
I mean, because basically that's what your show was revolving around.
Let me say this to you.
When I came in this morning and you asked George, this was the farthest thing from my mind until I opened up the mail and I got this book along with the letter from my Matthew and Boiton Vocal Arroyd and Hell of it.
That's what inspired me to talk about this.
I'm not doing it for ratings because I don't need any help with ratings.
My ratings are fine, whether I talk about the hockey game, about Jesus, about Moses, about Abraham, about Channel 4 News, about the Miami Hero, whatever all these things that I talk about on this show.
It doesn't really make a whole lot of difference.
People listen to the show because they enjoy it.
I just wanted to get your point of view.
Thanks a lot.
But what did he say?
Do you have any idea what he said?
No.
I'm doing this for ratings.
I'm doing it because no.
Nobody else will do it.
It needs to be said.
No. 2 is very, very entertaining to me.
Maybe it's not entertaining to this guy because he can't handle it.
He can't deal with it.
And as far as the guy that he's talking about, no, he's not a moron.
He's one of the few people I've ever spoken to that had an open mind.
And said, you know something.
This guy makes a hell of a lot of sense.
The other stuff is all about your bull crap.
Quick, pick it on Jesus.
Okay, sorry.
Sorry, Jesus.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Two things totally, definitely, opposed.
One few months ago, I got 15, and I've got not have diabetes.
Yeah.
And unfortunately, I didn't find out, you know,
a spicy bowl, check up.
My wheelchair right here, it's a fatal range.
And within the hospital for two weeks.
How high was it?
Over 800.
Oh, Jesus.
800.
Yeah.
Woo.
I was an obstacle, like I said, for two weeks.
That was end of August, reading in September,
getting to see that whole mud wire chase,
hooked up to an IV.
The reason that I'm mentioning this to you is obviously, you know,
they were treating the symptoms, but didn't exactly give me
a great education about controlling diabetes.
Doesn't it?
You don't know.
That's what they don't know anything about it.
Well, the thing is, I really wanted to thank you.
I'm extremely excited to talking about that book by Dr. Bernstein.
Right.
I immediately went to Barnes & Noble dating,
had it, orders didn't have it.
When the online body had it, you know, overnight,
but I had it the next day, read it that night,
literally until like four in the morning.
Right.
And I've taken it for three times a day regardless,
and at night, depending on what my blood sugar is,
and since I got that book, I haven't had to take, you know,
the additional insulin, and my blood sugar has been in total control.
You know, normally you would think, okay,
if I had taken it broccoli and some rice or pasta, it's fine,
but I was finding that my blood sugar was going up and...
Forget the rice in the pasta.
Right. When people would consider a healthy meal, you know, was terrible.
I think that was an option.
The health insurance right to sugar.
Right. So, I mean, that book was brilliant,
and I thank you for mentioning that on the air.
I've passed the information a lot to people that I've met who have diabetes
or tell, you know, some of them...
And then I'd invite you to remind me because I told Hank yesterday I was going to bring in the book.
I'll bring it in tomorrow and get it over to him because every person that's got diabetes
ought to be forced to read that book.
Right. I mean, I think that's...
It's the other thing, and somewhat, you know,
the same regard. I go to Vegas a lot.
And, you know, it's funny when I go to Vegas with all of the things
and things you think that you'd have a more difficult time controlling your blood sugar.
But it's actually easier with all the choices that you've got.
You know, you should go to a...
But say it. One of the station hotels.
And you can see all the barbecues you want.
Right. All the beef all the chicken.
Yeah, all the meat.
All the chicken.
It's actually easier for me to eat these times I've had than when I travel.
I can't believe we're going for breakfast buffet and all the omelettes you want
and the package and bacon.
So, let me just underline anyone who knows somebody who has diabetes
or if they have it themselves or has it in the warning sign.
Get that book. You know, order it from amazon.com or Barnes and Noble.com if they can't find it in the store.
It's called Diabetes Solution Richard K. Bernstein.
Dr. Bernstein is right.
And, you know, they know their stuff when it comes to medical information.
Anyway, the other thing I wanted to discuss with you was day is, you know,
mentally they open tonight.
Yeah, that's right, they open today, right.
And they ask what is the Venice, what is that one?
Yeah, the Venetian Open.
Venetian Open is next month and then November.
The Hilton one opens the...
Well, actually Paris opened in September.
September is right.
September 8th, the target day.
Right.
But, you know, the best place in my recommendation, I haven't even been there yet,
it also opens tonight.
At Mandalay Bay, there's actually three hotels in one building.
Are you familiar with that?
No.
There's Mandalay Bay.
One floor is going to be the house of Blue Hotel.
And four floors of Mandalay Bay is going to be at four seasons.
Also owned by circuits, circuits that have the four seasons people
actually running those four floors, separate elevators,
there are separate restaurants, separate entrance.
No matter if you can't get into Mandalay Bay from the strip,
you can only get into the four seasons entrance from the strip.
I'll let you go there first and see if it sinks your mouth in.
Let me know how you got it.
They spent like $8 million dollars, they've corrected that problem.
But, personally, it's no longer sinking.
Thank God.
Okay, listen, have a great time.
Keep up the good work, pal.
Thanks, man.
Okay, take your help.
Thanks.
It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
When I was a young man and started to date,
my mom said, boy, she's done hesitate.
Go find the other world who cooks very well.
You'll have such a model, and it will be spent.
She's been going through my life with a mind.
Oh, you can't wish it better than mine.
So I started to look no time to die,
I brought my condition for my mother to date.
She's an animal, but to mine is made.
Not one time.
Did I hear her say these?
No, you can't wish it better than mine.
You can't wish it better than mine.
Oh, I pray every night and I make me wish.
The God who said me a perfection is.
My mom said, son, keep the faith.
And she said somewhere, someone has made some.
I'm in the condition that my soul can eat.
You can't wish it better than mine.
I'm in the condition that my soul can eat.
When Rachel and the Spongebob came up the tray,
she said on the table and mama dug in.
She went to her face and said with a grin these.
You can't wish it better than mine.
These who can't wish it better than mine.
All right.
So Rachel and I got married to Eve.
We had four boys in our family.
She tells them each night just before bed.
You can run for girls that you will wear the face.
Can't make finishes better than mine.
Two, two, finishes better than mine.
What can I say?
What a five.
This is that Jew food by the way for all you going out there.
Here's a pay phone and four-letter mail.
All of these things.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
The mail, congratulations for putting up with this place for 23 years.
Yaman, anniversary.
This is the guy with the eyes on a pay phone.
We have an open line in Broward.
Five, six, what?
You didn't recognize that?
Was the guy with the eyes?
Was Ken?
It was the guy with the nothing eyes.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
So he doesn't get it.
I don't want to hear from him.
Once, twice a year maybe, okay?
We're like, you know, just kind of like a bond slowly.
Make it come back slowly.
Ease into it.
Putting up.
And he's talking about me putting up with this town for 23 years, huh?
How many years has he taken off my life along with his little group of cronies there?
Can't off the old block and, oh my God, all those groupies.
What ever happened to the thing?
Well, see him to look.
It didn't come back?
I wonder what the thing does for a living now.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Oh, here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I want to get back something you were talking about a little bit ago.
I'm going to ask you a question.
Would you like to live under a rulership where every time you did something wrong somebody destroyed you?
Meaning what?
Meaning like under cash row or under who's thought of him saying every time?
Well, under, under God.
Well, let me catch the point I'm getting to.
Yeah.
Okay.
If God had destroyed Adam and Eve and just started all over again, that's the kind of ruler he would be.
Well, he destroyed the whole human race and now the animal who, when we had the flood.
Yeah, but God's purpose for the earth has never changed.
And it will be.
And why?
What is that purpose, sir?
What is the purpose for the earth?
The purpose for the earth was the earth.
The earth was the purpose back in the Garden of Eden that man lived in perfection in a garden like paradise here on earth.
That's the Bible's account of what mankind is supposed to live under.
Isn't that silly?
And from the time Adam had a dad.
God's purpose.
And she ate the earth.
God already allowed him.
And God saw the pair on the ground and God what they were doing.
Now the angels were looking on.
The angels were looking on and God.
And they were seeing that different.
God's dad.
And he's got a real upset and jealous.
And left it at that.
But God would have said something about it.
That's a good question.
How old are you?
Ballpark.
Are you like in your 40s?
30s.
They mid-late 30s.
And you're talking like this.
You're saying these things.
Yeah.
Please, please, please get yourself some help.
Get yourself some professional help.
He's talking Adam and Eve and the pair on the ground and the apple on the tree.
Oh.
And you know how not one person has responded to the point I made right in the beginning.
Because in the beginning.
Oh God.
Said.
How many things have happened in our lifetimes that we have no answer to.
That we still are asking all these questions about.
That we'll never know the answers to.
And this guy is talking about stuff that literally happened five, six thousand years ago.
A ledge.
Even though we know the earth has been here for billions of years.
But nevertheless, don't confuse us with the fact.
Because you're starting with that carbon dating and other signs.
You know, it's those then Camille Pico signs with that plot again.
That heathen plot.
The fact that there are people like this.
Who have absorbed nothing of life.
Nothing of reality.
That's why I talk about this on the show constantly.
Not enough.
Constantly.
And probably a hell of a lot more of these next three and a half years.
Oh, we can't stand away.
Well, you know something too bad.
Find go take up our cheesy.
Go play dominoes in Domino Park.
We'll play shuffleboard and sunrise.
And you still won't turn it off.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Bokeh.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Happy 23rd, Neil.
Thank you.
The first time caller, long time listener.
And the sunrise sign police are added again.
Yeah.
Sun central Sunday morning.
They're banning all exposed neon signs.
That's not something new.
It's an old story.
It's from weeks ago.
Really.
And there's a stupid letter of the editor to the Sun central this morning from a gene in Pompo,
obi and gene ought to be horsewhip.
All sunbar hats off to Sunbar City Manager Pat Salerno.
As a former resident of that area, I'm happy to see the beautification of city business
and they want to be like plantation.
Repressive and a bunch of fascists.
Did you see the Rubenstein set here?
No.
He previously had voice to support for the law, but he changed his mind.
Yeah.
And probably he'd seek the flexibility of the law asking for contribution to his campaign.
Oh, there you go.
How do you like that?
I wanted to joke.
You know, not going out of city hall is afternoon.
I'm a really, I don't know.
I can't stand anymore.
Yeah, Pat Salerno, a message from me.
Okay, tell him.
Okay, I'm an asshole.
Yeah.
Okay, and all you guys.
And Sunbar's commission could pick all the neon signs up here.
Back to him.
Okay, good luck.
Good luck.
Shout out to the little like Woody.
We have an open line at Dinnett, open line at Broward, 566705, 60 maybe had a little Woody in row.
And mobile one line is Tom 560.
Oh, it's Rod Neal.
Did you hear the ball?
Watching all the tunes walk by.
Watching all the tunes walking through the ball before they die.
Looking at the waves on the line for free grandmas and all the way to the floor.
They don't start to die.
So let's go see the music in the ball.
Watching all the tunes.
Watching all the tunes.
Watching all the tunes.
Walk by.
One 14 at 560, happy Purim by the way.
I'll never forget to talk about religious hate.
The scene years and years ago.
I must have been working in W snooze at the time.
And I go to call on a client on a sponsor.
And it was a market, a kosher, a deli, some kind of a ju place in sunrise.
And the scene that went on in there, you talk about ankle paramedics.
They couldn't have hired enough ankle paramedics.
Again, I got there just when they were opening with my luck.
And they were waiting to attack with the push carts.
And they were running up and down these narrow aisles.
Somebody will remind me of the name of that joint.
Some place in sunrise.
Oh my god.
What a zoo.
What a circus.
See, people who enjoy that kind of environment.
Those are the kind of people who like to eat at the rascal house.
People, most of them from New York.
New York Jews who are massacistic, who enjoy being treated very rudely.
And who enjoy an atmosphere and ambiance that's almost humanly open.
And they're not that unacceptable.
Those are the people that love the rascal house.
I mean, I'm going to tell you, if you spent more than 30 seconds in that joint,
no matter how joy you were, and you didn't develop a certain stream of anti-semitism
in your system somewhere, it was miraculous.
It had to be a miracle from above.
Even I was saying, holy Moses.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes.
Happy Purim.
And back to you.
Yes.
Happy Homoontage.
Happy Homoontage.
Well, I've been sitting here in Miami Beach and how fitting you play that song.
I've been watching all the Jews go by.
Can you play it on the way to Boka?
No, no.
Can you explain to us, Goyam, what this whole Purim thing is here?
I'm a little off.
It's another reculinary Jewish holiday.
It's another day to eat.
It's another day to get fat.
Right.
That's right.
Oh, that's great.
They all have a lot of deli, lots of Homoontage, which are delicious,
but much too fattening for me anymore.
They all seem to revolve around food.
Right.
That's why the Jewish holidays are great.
We have a lot of them and they all resolve them.
That's why we just as a token with your Onyom Kipper when you don't eat anything to try
to make up for the other 20 holidays when you pick out.
They have a tone.
In fact, that's the only time Jews are big on pig.
Anything is picking out on a holiday.
Oh, boy.
Well, to get back to what that gentleman was saying about the craziness.
I mean, just look at what happened in Israel 96 years ago.
The extreme has taken out their own leader.
Right.
That's right.
People are caught by an Orthodox fanatical Jew, not that.
That's an Arab, but by another Jew.
He was killed by another Jew.
This is religion.
This is the kind of hate, the kind of violence, the kind of crap that religion shows all
over the world.
Almost all of it can be traced back to religion.
I was watching a movie on court TV the other couple nights ago with Rod Stugger.
It was called Manhunt in the Dakotas about, um, uh, call.
What was his name, uh, something, whatever's name was from the Pasi-Kamitatus,
one of these clan groups, and, you know, all of these groups,
the same things in common.
They're all under the banner of being good Christians and good God-faring men,
and they're nothing but bigots, murderers.
If you look at what the man that's been doing, he was, he was one of those at a time,
and he actually was coming around and starting to do the right thing, trying to make peace
over there, and that madness that's over in Israel, you know.
The peace in the Middle East is an oxymoron.
It will never happen.
He was trying, though.
That's why he's not here today.
It was almost a dot.
They don't want peace.
Okay, sir.
God bless you.
Happy poor and you know.
Okay, back at you.
To a watcher, I watch your beanie, watch where you are, spin it.
Two open lines in a day.
Be sure you have put that in the mirror.
And all of the boys speaking of a fat dude that's not bad.
There's Josh Friedman.
Boy, he's like fat, you know, he really is still.
No, he is.
He's still fat.
I don't know.
No, I'm pleased.
I'm going to lunch in my mother's in a little while.
I don't want to see her before photos.
I could, it would spoil my appetite.
By the way, since I am going to lunch in mommy's today, I just want to say this.
Two words that came to mind during that last break.
Nursing home.
The next time that I hear, oh, your house is such a mess.
You boys would like such a, next time I hear anything that I don't like.
Nursing home.
Those two words keep resonating through my mind.
Sounds like such a pleasant alternative.
Plus, I own that.
You went to by the way now.
She thought that was going to be a mitzvie.
I own that place.
So guess what?
Well, I'll tell her when I get there.
Because I checked the prices on those places.
Man, they've really gone like, food to roof.
Anybody want to buy that place?
We have two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in homestead.
Hello?
Meal?
Yes.
Well, bothers me the most.
What bothers you the most?
The hypocrisy.
The hypocrisy.
Yes, sir.
Why do you keep, I don't understand the promotion, the cinematics, the 30 tonight.
Why are you even doing that?
What am I doing?
What?
So why are you helping promote?
We have an open line in Broward and to and date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello?
Hi, doing you?
Okay, sir.
The guy was an asshole.
Yes.
And let me just say that wasn't religion created to control the masses, a little class, the mollons?
I know, it's yours.
Right.
Yeah, quick little story.
I'm invented to keep people in line.
And at the same time, take whatever they have to give.
Exactly.
Whatever they got, you got part of it.
And it's the same now.
The elite don't fall over religion.
It's always the ones that are the workers, the hard workers.
Many of which quick story my parents catch me.
They catch me, humping the maids a couple of times.
And they ask us to please, it's a mortals sin.
You're going to go to heaven.
You're humping the maids in the ass.
Well, good.
I hope you both had a good time.
Okay, we had an open line of Broward to and date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Another one of those who knows with a wild imagination.
Too much wacky weed, I think.
If they go and see the Jamaicans over here, then maybe it's calmed down a little bit.
Yeah, I'm on.
Here's a Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, I'm a 23 year old Catholic.
And the only good thing I liked about being an altar boy when I was younger,
I would work about four or five funerals.
And the funeral guys would give me silver dollars.
Uh-huh.
And plus, they'd give you silver dollars and the priests would give you a head.
So what else do you mean?
Yeah, right.
Or you can snagle out some wine.
You know, talking about the Bible and everything, it's so much here, say.
I don't know if you remember in school, you would play a game called telephone.
Yeah, I'm not sure.
Sure, the teacher would tell the first person in line.
And by the time it got to the third person, not the first person.
Yeah, I would be like to.
But by the time it got to the second translation, the story would be incredibly different.
Yeah, it's like when they have witnesses to accidents or crime scenes,
and they got like three different people, and they give three entirely different people.
Exactly.
But they think they just saw.
I brought that up earlier when I talked about the Kennedy assassination,
and all the people there that day in Delec, Plas and Dallas,
and how they all, or most of them thought they saw something different,
and these people won't touch any of that stuff.
Hey, Neil, back then, I know they didn't have a rip, I mean,
how rip it took out in their house a better or anything like that.
So it had to be-
When, do you get Kennedy assassination, eh?
Yeah, right.
Well, they're in the, you know, all the days of, you know.
What do you mean they didn't have an alphabet?
Well, like they just passed on story.
And you did?
The generation to generation.
So you knew-
They used to say, Hock Murnish King's China, can I guess they weren't listening?
Correct.
Hey, I'd just like to call a couple of books.
That's what John Street makes it, Hock Murnish King's China.
Can I call a couple of books?
I said, they did China alone, both the Flashek and the Milkek, that's all.
Oh, you know what?
You know what? He came in here, it just dawned on me.
You know why he's here?
And look how right in the face he's getting to.
He heard we had those hummingtimes in today.
Yeah, that's why he's here.
Hauser, go ahead, sir, I'm sorry.
Can I call a couple of people, dish back?
Go ahead.
Luke Richardson and Ken Bellanget, douchebag.
Okay.
We have an open line in the Broward to indeed.
5, 6, 7, the Hockey Sudo-Unlectual.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Somebody tell Gelly, by the way, the T.O. Flurry is not playing on the number one in the power play line for Colorado,
if he would have watched last night, which he did not.
I'm going to say it again.
We got, I mean, you know, it's one thing.
It's boring enough to listen to people if they knew what they were talking about with this sports stuff.
20 hours a day.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, by the same tired, repetitive crap.
But if they knew what they were talking about, at least there might be some credibility involved.
Well, when you got little punks who don't even, you know, watch anything and they sit and read stuff out of a newspaper somewhere.
Or when you got so-called sportswriters who write whatever they, whatever propaganda the organization is peddling that day.
Man is it sad.
Michael Russo, I'm going to tell you talking about the family of the fat.
You are a fat head.
You're not just a fat person.
You're a chubby head.
You're a simpleton.
Just another propaganda peddler.
Open line at Broward to and date, 5667 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in poker.
Hello.
Okay, nice talking to him.
That leaves us with two.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, first time call her away.
Okay.
Speaking about the Bible, have you ever noticed that there is not one single sentence that praises intelligence in the Bible?
Not one.
Of course, because how could anybody intelligent would be reading in the first place?
Exactly. It's a great piece of fiction, by the way.
It's not a great piece at all.
It's a ridiculous piece of nonsense.
And also, by the way, illogic.
What about what do the Catholics and all the religious people say about what was God's purpose of having the dinosaurs hang out for like on your million years?
Probably the same reason that nature's got man hanging around for a few thousand of the years, because man will be extinct too someday.
And then the cockroaches or the rats or whatever takes over the world.
Maybe they'll have people museums.
God can heal.
Hey, I enjoy your soul and by the way, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Mickey Arison blows, man.
Yeah.
Okay.
I know that.
Okay.
Have a good one.
And maybe he'll help you out.
Hey, listen, dad, he's got his nine billion bucks over there in Israel without paying any taxes on it.
And Mickey's, you know, he's in bed there with Mayor Penis and Dave County.
Just a corrupt, corrupt bank, corrupt town at just in the same little people peddling their propaganda.
Tell us about how great it is.
Everything is wonderful.
And then my good friend Howard Kleinberg, who's like, you know, Howard, I realize you're getting a little bit old.
You're a little older than I am, Howard.
You're a great guy.
But, you know, writing about all this ancient Miami history.
That's his new deal now.
Writing about the Miami Circle and about preserving all the history of the rich history of this area.
Does this area have a rich history?
No.
Almost peasants is what they were.
I hate to say that.
But they were like peasants.
The, uh, the question is, the guesses?
Huh?
It was a peasant tribe.
Were they like hot shots?
Like the, uh, Irkwoy?
Well, see, I'm prejudiced.
I'm from upstate New York.
Can't beat that gator me.
They asked me how I knew that milk was a Jew.
Oh, I may, I just might not say.
Yes, maybe, Jay.
But he's different in one way.
Look, I'm his head, you'll find a spot of a city complex.
I'll find a, oh, when you sit on his throne and look at empty phones, there's a Yamakite on his door.
Oh, I may, oh, when you sit on his throne and look at empty phones, there's a Yamakite on his throne.
Oh, 130 and 560 WQA and Hank out at the Rallis afternoon between two and six.
Boog has got the baseball and other crap.
I mean, stuff tonight.
That's chulas and then we got the Kaplan 10 o'clock.
So anyway, Maddy upstairs, which I told you the story at the beginning.
The show we got the water Nazi, which you already know about upstairs.
Don't take any more water.
And we also have the food Nazi, which they looked the same.
They sound the same.
He's an underling.
He's like, what is his title?
Does he have a title that we know what he really does, sales manager of some sort?
Yeah, he's another one of the 82 sales managers we have in the building.
And believe me, way down near the bottom of the totem pole, this guy, the little shrimpie two-foot guy.
And you know, they moved everybody upstairs.
Like I said, when you are in, when you're in business.
And you've got all kinds of people, some of the people up there making a few bucks.
And most of the people are making not too much like the underlings.
So if they want to have a meal up there, what's the big deal?
And what is it his business if people are schlepping, carrying food through one part of the building to get to another part.
Instead of walking all the way around the mulberry bush and walking 600 yards to get to deliver somebody some free food.
How come you people up there can't mind your own business?
You all want to boss everybody around.
Cause like I said before, and I'm right on target, I know it like a, I know it being out of shadow without you suffer from a deep inferiority complex, Maddie.
Just like the water not see up there.
I'll know I take it back in both your cases.
It's not a complex. You're both inferior.
But got to push everybody around and buy them.
I'm sure that everybody in this audience who works somewhere, wherever you work, unless you're the boss.
You've got people there who want to boss everybody else around.
Even if they don't have a goddamn title, even if they're just some kind of a schlep.
Oh, you can't do that. They just kind of assume it.
They assume their way into a position of authority.
And again, when you've got not weak management, but no management like we got here, that's what goes on.
And of course, the longer you've been here and been part of that little ass grabbing fraternity that goes on up there, the more you feel empowered to go around bossing everybody around and ruining their day.
And like I said before, way back when I first came to this radio station, life is too short to take crap from anybody, especially some little shrimp like him, some little weasel like him.
So I got news for you, Maddie.
When we get up there in the third floor in a month or two months or whenever the hell it's going to be, we ever live long enough to get up there.
Don't even think. Don't even dream.
Like when Chuck from across the sub center brings us our lunch in there, don't think Chuck is going to be forced to take the time to walk 7,000 extra yards to walk to make you happy.
We will draw him a diaphragm of the shortest possible route to get off that elevator into our studio and bring us to free chow.
But out mind your own goddamn business.
A bunch of little busy body. He ought to be moving into my mother's condo. That's who ought to be in there. A real Yenta.
A little busy body bossing everybody else around. But and of course it takes a real, butch guy to boss around a bunch of kids that are working for four bucks an hour.
Takes a real macho man to do that, Maddie. You little shrimp. You little pathetic weasel you.
Just wait until we get into the first day and let up our celebratory Stogie in there.
And they see cigar smoke coming through the vent. Oh my god. This is a little smoke. Yeah. Blow it out your ass. Okay. And the smoke too.
Correct them. All these dictators in America. Everybody wants to boss everybody else about it all ties in with this religious craft. It's an attitude thing.
It's not live and let live. It's not DNH. Do no harm. It's D H. Do as much harm as you possibly get away with. That's what it is.
Inflict, inflict, inflict, inflict.
Christal, might you think that we're stealing the tubes out of the transmitter final tubes up there or something.
They're trying to have a little lunch, a little something to sustain them through their day.
Which I noticed that we fed everybody out here yesterday. I think everybody went home, couldn't pull it from this place yesterday. Thanks to Jeff Cohen and pizza off and thanks to what.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was watching news last night and they're talking about a woman getting shot in the head and I think an ATM machine. Yes.
Or this way. And yes. Yeah. And talk to the parents or something. God help me. God. Yeah. I saw that. Yeah. God help you survive it. Well, I'm thinking of myself.
What if she died? Well, he even, listen, even even the heart died on guiding light. I mean, he can work for a little while, but then he's busy. Got to move on other stuff.
I mean, it's ridiculous. In fact, it wouldn't have been for her. Maybe heart would have lived, you know. But he had to pay his, he can only deal with so much. So is it one time?
Well, you know, well, what about all this? Then they go to five other stories where people died. So you say, well, those people God didn't care about.
Sir, he works in mysterious ways. That's the catch all phrase for all these things. Yeah. It works in mysterious ways. Yeah. Well, let me tell you this. I got, I just bought tickets for Rome.
10 days, the end of May. Well, I'm in my best suggestion is I know you'll have a great time. It's a great time to go. Stay on the east side of the Tiber River. Yeah.
Do not go and see the geckys and the shluppers of the Vatican believe me. I'll stay as far away from the Vatican as possible.
Okay. I won't say this, Neil, though. I really believe that religion has done a great service in terms of some of the greatest art and some of the greatest music was created because of religion for religion.
And when you step into the system, if I have to pick and choose between having all of that art or having a civilized world, I, you know, it would be a tough choice, but I think I'd pass on the yard. Well, I pass on it. I have a good time. I'll have a great time.
Two open lines a day, two and brown, or five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Slowed down here in this last hour, and I'm still not convinced.
I came on here today with this letter and this book in hand, which I received in the mail from Matthew. Well, what a name that is. We're fighting out today. What an anxious name Matthew is.
Stop and think about people named Matthew. Is there anybody named Matthew that you can like say anything but about? Matt Damon. Matt Dylan. Oh.
Connect is way out of a paper sack. Even Marshall Dylan, buttern Matt Dylan. Who do you don't name Matt? That's like somebody of substance.
How about Maddie Lusham? It's whammy. I rest my case. There you go. Another man Matthew was it? Huh? Hey, that is really thing that I'll had to be an act.
Five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line 22 to two at Q a.m. Look at six 50 happy poor maybe somebody you'll call before the end of the show. We only got a few minutes left and explain exactly what poor is again about Heyman and Esther and all these other silly bubble my sees. Okay.
All the way. I do like the good home in touch in the real one. Then don't ever bring us anymore again. Thank you anyway. We got an apology from a Dave. How is that Dave. How was that? Why? She called the apologize and I'll never do it again. And by the way, everybody in the building when I was talking about Maddie Bell upstairs in his aberrant food Nazi behavior. They said right on.
We second that emotion. Everybody every single person in this building even when I don't want to say. Well, she don't want her authority you serve. You know how that is. She don't want that water being served too much either. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, male. Yes, sir. I do know someone made Matthew. In fact, he's my doctor and he seems to be like your doctor.
General procedure is this is your blood pressure reading. Here's your prescription. Right. And let me 50 dollars. Right. Good luck. Yeah. Yeah. And I thought I heard on your show some time ago that you said you didn't take your diabetic pressure medicine.
Diabetic medicine in the morning. That was a wrong advice. Right. When do you take it and didn't help you take it with a meal like a later in the end. I have to take it like after three or four in the afternoon. I said after that point, he will kick in.
If I if I wake up in the morning and my blood sugar is like 200 God forbid. Yeah. And I take a line a six milligram. It does nothing. It's just they will not kick into my sit my just my metabolism will do nothing to later in the day in addition to what you're supposed to take that medication with a meal anyway. It's just right on the label. But the original doctor that put me on that stuff. You know, take one in the morning. That's what I got. That's what I got. Yeah. And is it doing anything for you? No, not a lot. Well, that's why that's why it's not working for you. The best time to take it is you take your own blood.
Okay. Well, before you go to bed a night, take it and then take your uphill at night before you go to bed and you wake up in the morning and it may be increased a little bit like mine does, but it won't be too bad.
Or if it was very high, the day of was like 180 at night and you take the pills, you get up in the morning and then maybe down to like 121 10, which is acceptable.
Well, I'm going to try that then you take one in the afternoon and one at night. If I do the actions that I don't have to take them at all.
I would say and you know one other thing you mentioned the book that diabetic should read. I didn't test the title of that.
It's a diabetes solution by Dr. Richard Bernstein. It's a hard cover. It's the best book you'll ever buy in your life.
Diabetes solution. I burn sick. Right. Well, I really appreciate your advice on that.
Okay. Good luck. Thank you.
Yeah. You know, it's a serious businessman. Of course, it's very depressing too because those of you, though it's like Josh Friedman, there's a classic example or Boob Shambi.
You young guys that are fat as a pig and we have plenty of around here and like the what we call them the will the beast.
Maybe you think you can get away with it now and you can survive because your body is still young and you haven't damaged it as much yet as you will later on if you don't cut the crap.
But I'm telling you far be it for a fat or all the two like me to lecture, but I'm telling you right now once you get to the point where you become a diabetic.
You got real problems because then all of the stuff that you love to eat. Oh, can't eat this. Can't eat my pasta. Can't eat anything.
Yeah, I mean, you know, it sounds great. The I can all that meat and all that seafood and lobster. But you know something. How much meat and seafood can you eat?
How many omelets can you eat in the given day? How many cheeseburgers can you eat without the bun?
No fries, no onion rings, no carbohydrates. So once you cross over that threshold, once you get to that point where you're really diabetic man and you can prevent it.
The type to diabetes you can prevent it by losing the guy then wait now while you're young instead of being a big fat dead tub like who Shambi's going to be someday.
Look at the dead entertainers just in the last two years. Now I grant you is in or mix a little course when you mix the drugs in there and you're already fat and your heart's got that burden to begin with.
Like John Belushi and John Candy. Who do I leave out?
What's his fat tub that just died of a note here? Chris Farley. Oh Chris Farley. There you go. Dead. Fat fat and dead.
Like Tom Delory said in FATSO the good people are the fat people and the fat people are the. Oi dead people.
So you know next year on my 24th anniversary if I make it that long you know bring me a card. Don't bring me a cake. Don't bring me a cheese cake. Don't bring me food. Bring me a card.
But you know something you know why yesterday was so pleasant. Not only were a lot of people trying to be nice which you know you appreciate even Sam while he put on a bed act.
But the fact is guess why I didn't see all day because he was otherwise occupied was Greg Reed.
And I don't want him to take this personally or take it the wrong way because he's very sensitive.
But I enjoy not seeing him. You know what I mean? In other words if I saw him one more time like in about three and a half years like the last week that I work here and he came down on the last day and shook my hand said thanks for a great job.
Have a great retirement in a great life and good luck to you and that would be the last time I saw him that would be so sensational.
That would be a gift. Why are you laughing? I'm being honest and I express it's not that I don't like the guy just that when I see him I get physically you know I just can't deal with it.
Because you look into the guy that's like scratching his head like Jerry Lewis like that lady you know I'm telling you now you end with the same haircut too by the way only not quite as neat.
He's just not a bad guy but he's a bozo you know he's just a bozo.
And he's got this circus run around up there even Barnum and Bailey is embarrassed by what he's got going up there on the third floor.
So I'll see you like in about three and a half years Greg and thank you send the messages down in the bottle.
