Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 5600560 toll free, pertinent Broward or pound 560 on yourself.
Neil Indians of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beasley read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The media is sick and needs help to outland.
He kind of got a clean and snappy of recorded a lot of cocaine.
All right.
He's as excited as not true as he had ever used to pay.
No.
George is as when he denies that he tried.
Yeah.
What's more republicans say in an offensive state in campaign?
He said he's going to have to say.
George is out when he denies that he tried.
Okay.
10.01 at 5.60 WQAM Miami.
Am I going to go nuts today or what?
I might do the whole show on.
Should I do the show on El Sunshine to the sales department here?
Maybe I'll do half and half.
Two hours on that asshole.
An fat piece of turd.
Here is absolute pure 100% turd on two fat legs.
El Sunshine.
Or our sales department who by the way are uninvolved with anything.
Don't confuse them with the facts.
I'm glad you told me by the way.
We've had you clarify that for me.
That their job is only to write business and not to us.
Which I shouldn't know that a long time ago.
Like after the first week on this station.
Service.
Don't confuse it.
Like I said before.
Just give us the up and money.
Okay.
We don't care about.
We can't be bothered with copy, with service, with whether people are open for business or not.
Nice going John penis.
I'm looking at my log.
No, not that one.
I'm looking at my log.
And I see we have a spot for Pompano Park today.
So I'm looking there.
You know, because I looked in the papers this morning.
The hair old says, you know, racing is going on.
I look in the sun.
Sentinel.
I don't see any entries for tonight.
Which of course fat rich will be psychotic about that.
So I look in the scum.
Sentinel.
Nice going.
And that's on something I do something right.
Which you know, this is I think the third time this century.
I'll give you credit for it.
And here's a thing by Dave Russo, staff writer.
Schedules are almost back to normal.
And it says Caldor race course will resume day and night.
Pompano casting.
Live racing what resume until Thursday.
And then it says Pompano Harness Track was idle Tuesday and closed today.
Pompano casting resumes Thursday live racing on Friday.
Now, not only would I've gotten the information wrong in the spot that they're paying for,
by the way, but I also probably would have gotten in my car and got up there tonight and
to find a place dark, fenced, there, sparse, empty, vacant because John penis can't be
bothered to service this account.
Just like, yeah, and then come to find out the reason our salespeople weren't giving us
any information yesterday as to openings and closings and anything they ever do with
our accounts is they weren't here.
Todd Dreck was out there interfering with traffic in a hallway for about three minutes,
but other than that was our sales department president accounted for yesterday.
No.
But you know something, you people in the media, I gave you a lot of credit for, and I don't
take any of that back for what you did on Monday.
I think generally speaking, they did a fine job, but it's like anything else.
It's like those two or three days a year when we have a really great show here on this
station.
And instead of at the end of four hours saying, okay, this was great.
We're going home with a smile on our face.
We feel we, you know, instead of that saying, okay, let's, things are going so good.
Let's stay on for 24 hours.
And that's the same thing with you idiots in the media.
You just don't know when to quit.
And the more time you've got the more you screw it up, especially if there's nothing going
on.
First of all, Mayor penis, thank God we got an expert.
He's an expert on traffic.
He's an expert on tools.
He's an expert on weather.
He's an expert on arenas and stadiums.
He's an expert on graph.
He's an expert on putting a monkey on a shoulder.
One mediator.
He's an expert on having a studs behind him.
Marit Steerheim.
You notice that the three of them are inseparable through this whole thing everywhere.
There's Mayor penis.
You see one mediator on one shoulder and Marit Steerheim on the other.
That's a heavy load to carry around, especially that fat pudwacker.
Marit Steerheim comes on there yesterday morning like I told you 10 30 and he's all this
strut.
He's all bent out of shape because the public isn't taking us very seriously.
And see, I at that point I went nuts with him because we know what a asshole he is.
He was disappointed because here was a chance to grandstand just like some of our friends
in the media.
Oh, we got something good.
We got the public by the balls now.
We're going to hang you know, squeeze as long as we can.
And by 10 30 11 o'clock yesterday morning, it was very clear.
See, I got sucked in.
I want to apologize for a lot of things including those surfers out there.
The reason that they were going out there into number one is because channel 10 was promoting it
ferociously.
Here's this.
Here's this dinosaur, the silly goose Dwight Lauderdale.
And you know something I feel bad for Don because he is a foreigner with the best
meteorologist.
And he does a great job.
Nice going Don.
And he's doing his great job.
And then the meantime, we go back to the non-existent punches silly people.
They don't have it.
You can't complain about their news department at 10.
They don't have one.
I don't care if they're number one.
If they're number one half, they don't have any news.
People over there.
There by a bunch of clowns.
They make the people a channel seven look respectable.
They're so and really at least channel seven, they give you a free show, you know.
But here's the white Lauderdale going.
Oh, it's dangerous out there.
It's dangerous in that cross side bitch.
Well, that can't, I can never think of what her name is because I'll never watch channel 10 again.
Anyway, till the next storm, but they're going on and they're promoting this.
And of course, every, every time that they would promote it,
which is about every 10 or 15 minutes,
more people would show up out there at Hall of Rebeach.
And they showed the one cop car that was sitting there
and the poor cop was going,
eeeh!
What the hell?
What are you gonna do, you know?
Or rest all these people,
he can't do nothing.
And so more and more people are showing up
and they're having a party and they're having a good time.
I guess those people by that point
had realized that what a lot of other assholes,
including the mayor and the emergency people
in Dayton, Broward, oh, it's just unbelievable.
As late as six to eight o'clock last night,
and maybe we'll get some spy reports today
from people in the audience,
people were having to go through roadblocks.
They still had people in the shelters.
They didn't send them home until last night.
I left here yesterday the sun was shining.
The sun was shining.
There was never a drop of rain.
After I left here yesterday,
there was never any big wind gust,
a big blow of any kind whatsoever.
Was there any chance that there was going to be
something really nasty happening yesterday afternoon
or last night here?
No.
No.
All you had to do was look at any one of the TV channels
on there, any one of the 500 people hypervidelating,
look at the goddamn weather map.
And you said, hey, guess what,
we, like I said yesterday morning,
we dodged the bullet, okay?
It was over, finito.
And it were making people,
and guess what, by the way,
we luck out again today.
No tools on the turn plate again this morning.
Why?
Because they didn't send anybody back to work yet.
And they have to have live people there
in case the toll booths malfunction
and the arms don't, you know,
that routine that goes on.
So instead of that,
this is the same state where they're always crying
poor mouth, we don't have enough money,
especially for the highways.
We just went through that thing in Dade County,
you know, with Mayor Penis,
who's the traffic expert and the weather expert
and the bull hit expert.
And those tools again, how many thousands of dollars
do you think they're losing in tools the last,
yesterday, I understand that yesterday
is perfectly understandable.
No tools.
Does it make any sense today?
Absolutely not.
How come if the kids can all go back to school?
How come if the postal letter carriers
can deliver mail again today?
How come we can't get the toll workers back
out there again today to collect all that revenue
for the state?
Not that I'm bitching you understand
about saving a buck today.
Woo, that might be a God between that
and pop it up, parking closed tonight.
Look at all the money I'm gonna save.
I'm gonna have enough to buy another dinner
for somebody someday for some pre-loader.
But Al Sunshine, stand by sweetheart
with your big fat ham hocks.
You piece of smelly turd on legs you.
Your performance, I realize you're a despot
over there at Channel 4.
Desper would be an understatement.
And of course Brian really,
I mean his whole claim to fame was Hurricane Andrew
and at movie they did in the whole side
and the fact that he had Dan Radley's phone number, you know?
And by the way, Dan Radley,
you're also were embarrassing last night.
20 minutes on a CBS evening news of Dan Radley
standing in a trench coat in Savannah, Georgia.
Or guess what, there was some light rain falling.
Yeah, just hysterical people, crazy people.
I thought boy, this is good news.
There must be nothing else going on in the world real bad.
I know you're despot over there at Channel 4,
but Al Sunshine yesterday you showed your big fat
pimply ass to the world.
I'm surprised they didn't pull a, you know,
like the response time, at least Tom Green
is hysterically funny, you know?
And the kick is ass out goes to these crazy places
and they say,
I got a hell of a war.
And that's what they should have said to Al Sunshine yesterday
as he's busy lecturing all these people, lecturing.
I'll give you a lecture, okay?
Hit the road, Al.
You suck.
You blow.
You're a piece of garbage.
You blow a thousand times worse than a hurricane.
10 minutes past 10 at 5.60 Q.A.M.
The ass is sick and they talk badly.
You know, we just, I don't want to start picking on anybody,
especially my insurance company, which they treat me very well.
And I love them.
Okay.
But we just ran a spot make pinch me if I'm sleeping.
Okay, if I'm dreaming that we just ran a spot saying that hurricane
Floyd might still affect us and it's the sky.
It might still be falling and it's ever and so on.
Did we just run a spot that said that?
Oh, okay.
I thought maybe I just dreamed that.
Maybe that I was hallucinating.
So I better change the subject if you go back to Al Sunshine right away.
Okay.
Because otherwise I'll do like the next 20 minutes on what I just heard.
See, this is what happens.
People want to exploit your misery and suffering.
Even though we didn't really have any misery and suffering.
There was a lot of inconvenience.
And let me say it like I said yesterday, this thing was too big
and too awesome and too dangerous just to ignore it.
So I'm not knocking anybody if they made reasonable precautions.
If you went overboard, you behave like an asshole.
Well, then I do not just like I did before then you were an asshole.
But that ended as of yesterday morning when I got up at 5.30 in the morning
and I looked on there and sure enough here this big cold front out of Canada.
Like they've been hoping and predicting and praying.
It took a hold of this thing and the direction moved to the northwest and almost to the north.
And they're at when.
And certainly by the time I came on air yesterday morning at 10 o'clock,
we had air be reason to believe that maybe we get a little rain and a little wind.
And that was the end of it for Dayton Broward.
And I was on here yesterday asking about places being open and people racked in like,
you must be crazy, Mr. Places that are open.
There's a hurricane warning out there, man.
And I'm going to tell you right now if I were in retail,
if I had a restaurant, if I were in retail, if any kind of had a supermarket,
I'd have been open yesterday and I'd have been on air read God damn radio and TV station.
I would have bought spots.
I would have gotten freebies.
I would have had Jeff Cohen running a goddamn thing up in the sky there on a plane and saying,
hey, guess what? We're open today.
Everybody else is closed, but we're open and we're doing a thriving business.
Come on by.
And we already jacked the prices up 50%.
Oh, you must be crazy, Mr. There's a hurricane warning out.
Even though the sun was shining.
And even though the eye was by eight o'clock yesterday morning,
the eye of the storm, I have it right on the front page of the Sun Sentinel.
The eye of the storm was north of Lake Okeechobee.
Now what's the weakest part of any hurricane in the southwestern quadrant?
What was the part that was closest to us at any time
was the southwestern quadrant.
Do tornadoes get spawned out of the southwestern quadrant?
No.
No, they did a magnificent job of educating about all this all about that on Monday.
And those big bands, the feeder bands they kept talking about,
they were coming off the northwestern quadrant and they were going across the state
and some assholes that ran over the Tampa by the way.
Hey, I kind of feel foolish right now, Bill.
Hey.
Oh, that's the wrong, but that's good though.
That worked out great because he is cool, this Igor.
That was outstanding.
I loved it.
Yeah.
Yeah, they ran over to Tampa.
Guess what?
They had a bunch of wind and rain and crap because one of the bands from the northwestern quadrant of the storm.
They went over in the Gulf and across Tampa and clear water and over there for those right next over there.
I don't want to mention Igor on here and what a puss he is that he got the, you know,
hauled ass and went over to Tampa to a state.
We didn't get anything here by the way, Igor.
And by the way, the food from there said it's all gone.
How do you like that?
Now it was really good too from our buddy Brad over at Tony's.
There was a smart guy.
He stayed open for business yesterday.
I drive back toward home.
There's the Amico station.
They're on sunrise by flamingo.
And how come you people didn't tell me about that?
You did a really pissed poor job by the way yesterday of alerting us to people that had enough brains to be open for the public's convenience?
Amico station not open for gas.
They had all the pumps closed off and big sign in the window.
Closed for gas, open for food.
The food market was open.
Then we're watching later in the day and here the thing comes on the screen reminding me that Albertsons is open all day yesterday.
Get in the car.
We go over to Albertsons.
Do I ever shop at Albertsons?
No.
There's one on Oakland by an uphill right there.
Just fine.
Probably many of whom don't ordinarily shop in that store.
So anyway, here comes yesterday about three in the afternoon.
And I'm doing my channel surfing and I'm flipping all around.
And the sun is shining.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
There's not a drop of rain.
There's a little breeze.
Believe me.
That should be our worst problem any day in the summertime.
We get much worse rain, much worse winds, all kinds of problems.
Lins are down.
Believe me.
It was a fine day.
Just like today so far.
It's a beautiful day.
And here about three in the afternoon yesterday here on my channel surfing and I come across channel four.
And here is this asshole.
This major screaming oozing asshole.
Al sunshine.
And you notice by the way, his big, you know, he's supposed to be the big consumer advocate.
He's the one that's going to expose all the scams.
He's there working for the public waving those hamhouses, which is an old CBS that came from CBS years ago.
They were doing that in New York.
They had some silly guy like him.
And lately he don't even, he evidently they got sued too many times over there because like when he was doing his big expose on air conditioning companies and the other kind.
He doesn't even give the names of the players.
Remember the good job they did on the moving companies a couple of years ago.
That was great.
Not anymore.
Probably getting their ass sued all over the place.
So he just gives you a bunch of glittering generalities.
Well, we went to this place.
They screwed us, but he don't bother telling us what place it was.
So you're useless to begin with, okay?
But anyway, here's Al sunshine.
And I'm going to tell you something I've never ever been so nauseated with a local media in my life as I was at this thing.
It wasn't bad enough that we had Dwight for a lottery a lot of years today telling everybody every five minutes showing these clips of the kids over there to guide them all over beach.
Don't go there.
Don't go.
And it's like they should have flashed the sign.
Go have a good time and haul over the waves are great kids.
Take your surfboard.
That wasn't bad enough.
But here's Al sunshine going to some market.
I wish I would have written down the name of the market and then the restaurant.
It's not important.
And here's the manager of this market.
He's got outside.
He's got him cornered.
And by the way, it looked to me like you were working yesterday outside.
Al, you asshole.
You fat tub of crap.
Who should only croak a wicked death.
You make me nauseous.
You make me sick.
You make me embarrassed to be in any way associated with the media in this town.
And he's interrogating this guy.
He's grilling this guy.
He's doing everything in his power to make this man feel like Hitler on a bad day.
Because the guy actually had the hoods but opened up his store his business for people who wanted to go and buy food.
I hate to break the news to you.
But many of us didn't want to go the day before on Monday and fight all the crowds, the crazy people in public and every place else.
They were busy buying their 85 gallons of water.
I hope they're sucking water up to their armpits today.
Those people that went nuts.
Oh, and by the way, in Albertans yesterday you should have seen the shelves.
Bread almost nonexistent.
Not that I eat bread, by the way, because you love bread but I can't eat it.
But I mean lots of parts of the store look like the hurricane had gone through there.
Just empty, big empty spaces but anyway.
So he's interrogating this guy and he's giving him a solid dance like, don't you feel guilty?
Don't you feel responsible for your employees and what about people that haven't had a chance to go home and secure?
First of all, this is three in the afternoon.
Okay, that's number one.
Number two, the guy says it's voluntary.
Anybody who's working today volunteered to work.
They'd like to come in and make the money.
And you know something?
Didn't phase Al in the least bit.
He kept right on going with his interrogation.
And I do mean interrogation even even even even flee Bailey even Clarence Darrell.
Nobody in the history of jurisprudence has ever cross examined anybody has ever grilled somebody like the way he was carrying on like this man had just murdered 20 people in cold blood right there in his store.
And don't you feel guilty?
You know, don't you feel it's your jeopardizing people's life?
And in the meantime, you look out the window.
The sun is shining.
The wind isn't blowing.
It isn't raining.
You look on our TV and are showing you nothing is going on.
Nothing is going to go on.
Then he goes to some restaurant over there on Las Olas.
This was this wasn't enough that he had to try to embarrass and dehumanize this guy and believe me this piece went on for minutes.
It was a long piece as in a piece of third, which is what you are.
Al sunshine you jackass.
So you channel four, I understand now what they suck wind in the ratings all the time is because they got a bunch of irresponsible people on there like Elliott Rodriguez that was doing this Cuban cheerleading thing when they had to got them.
You know, the refugees trying to get up on a shore that day and he was cross examining the Coast Guard and giving them a prou-
a primer on how they should be doing their job instead of reporting the news.
And now we got this guy yesterday running around town giving everybody a lecture on how irresponsible they are and don't they feel guilty?
And how dare they and aren't you a bunch of acts murderers for being open today?
Even though of course what are the TV stations all most famous for doing every time there's a bad storm a hurricane or tornado is taking their people standing them out there in the middle of the storm with their microphone in their hand and all kinds of goddamn equipment cameras and wires around.
And watching these poor bastards in the middle of a torrential storm with their rubber rain coats and their trench coats on nearly getting blown away.
Aren't they working when they're doing these things in the middle of a storm?
Uh-huh. But that's not irresponsible. They're doing a big public service.
So then he goes to this little restaurant on Las Solas and he's doing the same thing.
Don't you people feel guilty? No. No, in fact the place was crowded. It was mod. People actually want to come out. They still have to eat.
Can't hear you for some reason. You're my canon. Somebody patch you with it.
No, somebody. They didn't feel guilty either. They felt full. They felt because in public. That's what the one person said. I feel because I feel like I'm having a meal over here.
And like I said on the show yesterday before I realized about that nothing was going on at all because I'm in this little room here where you even have a goddamn window.
Like I said, why shouldn't if somebody's a smart businessman be open?
There was no emergency going on here yesterday in Dayton, Broward County. None. Zero. Zip it. He freaking do that.
And you've got the hooks but to be running around out sunshine, and giving people a lecture.
Somebody should have beat the crap out of you. I would have. Oh, man. I would have paid a lot of money to see that.
I would have paid 500 bucks to see somebody just punch his lights out and say who the F.R.U. man get the hell out of here and go back and do your silly guy.
Damn TV show and stop telling us how to do our business. And how come by the way out sunshine didn't run over to Albertsons.
Which happens to be a major chain and maybe they spend a lot of money on channel four, huh? Maybe that might be part of it.
How come he didn't run over there and give them a grilling and across examination about how come they had the Hutzpuh and the audacity to be open yesterday and you know something I didn't see anybody in that store either customers or employees who I had the feeling had been dragged in there with a sky hook.
I didn't see any of the customers with their hands up in the air like it was a stick up and I didn't see any of the employees carrying on like OG. What was me I'd rather be home checking up the stormshutters and I'm so upset to be here.
Because anybody who was working it was voluntary which is the reason by the way nobody was working this during yesterday except those of us on the year.
That's why I'm not voluntary. That's why none of our sale no not for us. That's why none of our salespeople bothered showing up yesterday because they didn't care about service in their accounts in the middle of this emergency.
It was much too easy to stay home and screw off. That's why when I left here at two o'clock yesterday I got another parking lot and looked like a holiday.
Yeah, it looked like a major holiday. It looked like God didn't either. She was a Christmas day. One of the other parking lot was basically empty.
Why? Because was there anything going on now? No.
You people like I said you took a great job on Monday and yesterday because you wouldn't give it up soon enough you turned it into a disaster.
You made fools out of yourselves. Most of you you made assholes out of yourselves.
Brian or cross he's got to he's got to pass this thing. Unlike everybody else that sees that big call from keeps moving down from Canada and pushing this thing off to the Northeast actually other than.
Yeah, then Brian everybody else can see it but he's got to think like this big wide yellow spot. I wouldn't be surprised if this thing goes up through Chicago and right through Lake Michigan before it's over coin to Brian the weather fairy.
You're a crazy person man. You're crazy person.
1026 at 560 QM next to me over.
I'm on. Okay, what did you hear this 105.9 continuous pink Floyd until the storm past yesterday.
How do you like that? Are we impressed by that? No. And even worse than that I had a fact yesterday from somebody which I read it on the year only to embarrass the people at Waffen.
But I really wasn't positive that it was accurate until I got in the car and away home and I punched over to 1700 on my dial which my radio was one of the 10 that picks it up in a car.
And sure enough they were playing no radio starting 8 o'clock Monday night all through yesterday.
The winds of the pound each at 25 miles an hour. It sounded like ship to short.
No weather radio. It was like putting short wave from the moon on the year. Nice going very jackass.
I hope you went on your cronies over there. Really proud of the great public service day today. I'm 1700. This is going to be our big and this is what Greg Reed is worried about to show you what a great broadcaster he is that he's busy finding lawsuits against them instead of taking care of real business here.
He's worried about a phantom radio station that's not even a nicky mouse radio station. Even the people over there at Nova and Piper high laugh when anybody would mention the fan.
1700 90 on your dial whatever the hell is 1900 on the dial.
When no weather radio that's their great public service. Do they even have anybody live like a living and breathing person? No.
No. Nice going guys. We're really we're just terrified just peeing in our pants. Greg is the only one peeing in his pants about them and that's because he realizes that this whole thing is built on his tremendous knowledge of the business.
Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Yes, sir. Yeah, we had a column. Al sticking where the sun don't shine. Yeah. Anyways, I'm in Palm Beach. How you guys doing up there? By the way, I heard yesterday afternoon that you were going to take a big hit is what I heard.
Yeah, I don't know. That's what I heard. Anyways, it's beautiful up here. I've seen a sneeze harder than it did yesterday. You know, they're saying watching the news. I've had I've had bowel movements that were far more explosive than anything we got out of the storm here.
I'll tell you it's just nice up here. It's cool. It's a little cloudy, little breezy and it's about it. They're telling us, oh, what's bombed in the air, blown off the map. I'm going to run right in you.
Yeah, you know, I said outside in the driveway all day is beautiful. Did it even rain? Yeah, just little sprinkles, not even a hard range. Just little sprinkles like every 15 or 20 minutes. I don't think in Broward County, at least not after two yesterday. Since two yesterday afternoon, we haven't had one drop of rain.
I haven't had a drop up here either this morning and it's about to garage open. It's beautiful. Okay, pal. Okay, now get out of the bed. Yeah, in fact, I'll put up that closet door. I bet you're Brian and Bill Kamala probably hanging out together in there right now.
5.6. And then let me say it again, because I know people will miss quote me and they love to do that, which who gives a crap, you know, but I just want to make it clear myself.
Because I gave the media all a credit in the world for what I thought was a pretty damn good job. They down in Monday, the people at the hurricane center, their forecasting with spectacular nice job, etc.
And so on, even though it was a little luck involved as well. Thank goodness.
But as of yesterday morning from that point forward, it was a major major disgrace by the majority of the people in the local media and embarrassment, a humiliation and also by the by the powers that be just like this thing out here on the turnpike today.
I mean, it's bad enough that all this crap went on yesterday long after obviously the horse was out of the barn and there were no more threats to us of any any consequence.
5 o'clock yesterday afternoon, they lifted the hurricane warning for Dayton Broward. You should have seen the four-learn looks on some of these people's puts.
430 yesterday afternoon, the local channels finally started throwing in the towel. Oh, well, I guess we have to go back to regular network programming tonight and we're carrying the network news.
Oh, geez. You could tell that they were crestfallen. You see, because I want you to understand that in spite of the fact that they held a nia to you, what great humanitarian is there.
They don't want these things to pass us by as long as it doesn't blow their house away. They hope that we have devastating damage because that's how they make their money.
Exploding your misery and suffering. That's how they make their money. That's what it's all about. That's how they get their big ratings.
Let me say it again, Al sunshine, you I think that that performance by you yesterday I wish I had it on tape. That was the low point in the history of local and I used the word very loosely and embarrassingly journalism. That was swill. That was garbage. That was like taking 10 pounds of Kalman or and smirring it onto the screen. If every television said in South Florida that can pick up your putrid signal there on channel four.
Just just tragic interrogating these poor people because they had the hospital to provide a service for the public while there was absolutely no threat, no danger, no nothing going on.
A child could have told you that. Just looking to God damn thing on a map. That's all just open up your eyes and take a look at the thing on the goddamn weather map.
And he's out there interrogating and cross examining and grilling and just trying to debase these people and the humanism like scumbags. How dare you don't you understand as a hurricane warning here.
What are you some kind of a Nazi? I got a commie pinko sympathizer. Are you all mighty colon? Whatever he's doing just every name in the world he's colon.
I'll say it again if somebody would have broke his legs right there I would have got up and cheered for an hour. I would have been moist.
If they were to just take on a baseball bat and broken his legs and said get the hell out of here. You jackass you silly person you go wave your ham hocks at somebody else.
Here's Pemberpine. Hello.
Hi, how you doing? I agree with you completely. And you know what else they did? They were on the beach. Do you see that one? Where some pork I was in a water.
Yeah, just kid and they were interrogating them. They actually told the guy on the beach and said hey why don't you go ask him why he's on the beach.
Do you have a lot of clips by you? He started looking at his face. He was like scared to death. He said she's not my job. You know, excuse me. See you I'll do it later.
You go ask him. I sent him an email too. Tell him hey you know is now the media is part of the police department and he said Dave Gain answered me.
He said well a game? Yeah Dave Gain. I don't know who he is. Who is he? He's about a 700 pound guy that used to be on camera with a not enough people at Y's feds.
That's right. He wrote back and he said yeah because your kid would be different and all this stuff. I wrote him another letter saying hey you know think how it would be.
If it was just you there with the guy and you you went up to him and said something. If it would have been him there there would have thought it was a beached whale.
That's when it was a person. That guy would have punched him out. If they might your own business. You know, then the last letter that one they just said oh thank you for your comments.
Yeah, they don't give a crap. They're desperate. They're so desperate a channel for that it's embarrassing. I know. I know what I saw that thing. I have an angel array on their go.
You know what restaurant it was? It was mangoes. Right. I know that place too by the way. It was shameful the way they were harassing the poor guy.
I mean, they're supposed to feel guilty and everybody there. See everyone's there eating or having a good time. There's not a cloud in the sky. There's nothing on a horizon. Everybody's having a good time. How dare you? I'm with you. I say a day.
Like I said, he's out there. It looked to me like he's working jeopardizing somebody. Oh, yeah, but he's working as a public service. Anybody believe that? No.
You know, you know something. If I was him, I would just I would call in my retirement today. I wouldn't even go in. I would just call it and saying, you know, I'm so embarrassed and humiliated that you just won't see me no more.
L sunshine, my ass. You're not sunshine. You're a big dark black finster spot on the face of the media. You're a blight. You're an insult that during a time when people are stressed out a little bit that you're running around trying to lay guilt trips on people because they're trying to make a few bucks.
Golly a guilt trip on some of the people who ribbed or some of the ripoff artists that jack the prices up on the pie with another crap go do that routine, which you got plenty of experience doing and then we'll applaud you.
Silly, silly person you you are out sunshine. You're the epitome of what the local media here's all about the local media with a why.
That's why all this is a place in television where all the old washed up has been Ike Seaman, Michelle Gillen, all the people that the the swill the garbage that the networks don't want around anymore. They shovel them back off down here.
Not to mention Jackie Ness Brawl. Another very silly person.
21 before 11 at 560 WQAM, you know, and a score some pot.
Car theft is on the right. America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system will protect your car from being stolen.
The blood will protect the valuables inside your car, but a big black guy named Ben can't get away from the car mother fucker.
For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car mother fucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't say much just.
Get away from the car mother fucker.
That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made.
My neighborhood isn't that great. There have been a lot of car thefts. I can't tell you how many times I've tried.
Got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's me sleep better at night.
Calm down. 1800, one big guy. That's 1-800, one B-I-G-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this.
You know, I just think I was hoping that maybe yesterday when they were doing the grilling, when he was just trying to decimate this poor guy the manager of the store,
that maybe the assistant manager would have come out and would have been a big black
guy with a baseball bat would have broken both the Al's kneecap.
That would have been great.
Like get away from the store, mother russ scratcher.
Here you go Al.
Here's another one for you.
You fat, tuba-large, you jackass, you simple-ten-you, you invasille.
See, because that's the one thing.
If nothing else, the media are today and that is intrusive.
Sticking their nose into places where it has no business being.
Giving people lectures on things that they know nothing about.
That's what the media really does great.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
I was just curious.
Is that Al's Sunshine thing what I saw on TV yesterday when he was at a restaurant
asking people why they were serving?
I didn't know that was Al's Sunshine.
That was him.
I couldn't believe that.
That was that fat tub of large with his big hand.
I could not believe that.
He was always waving everybody.
Telling us how much holy and better he is than everybody else.
Giving these people a grilling, I guess you saw it.
They try to make them feel guilty like how dare you be open today.
I didn't realize that was him, but I was looking at it.
I just said, how can somebody be there pestering these people?
There is no hurricane.
I knew Monday because I have a friend who actually works for the hurricane center.
They were really secretly telling people, not people on TV, but they were really worried
about Coco Beach on up to the Carolina.
They do perfect based on the cold front.
How fast it was coming and how slow the hurricane was moving, but it was not going to
hit where it hit here.
I mean, where it was supposed to hit here.
They didn't want to take a chance on letting that out because then if they turned out that
their calculations were a little bit off, they could have been mass devastation they
would have taken the blame for it.
So I guess they were better to be safe than sorry.
I don't disagree with that.
I have no problem with that.
After 10 or 11 o'clock yesterday morning, anybody including the mayor that was hyperventilating
and was so disappointed that people were getting psychotic enough, there was nothing to be
psychotic about.
What brings up my next point?
I do not understand this guy being on TV trying to give out the weather and he looked so
disappointed when he realized that everybody knew this thing was not going to hit us.
It's like he was almost going to start crying because he was pleading with people.
I thought, oh, you should not do this yet.
You should not do that.
How could they keep people in shelters until 6 and 7 and 8 o'clock last night?
What was the rationale for that?
Because he's trying to prove that he's a great mayor.
When I look at this guy, I look at him.
I see he looks like a 25-year-old kid.
I can't even call him a mayor.
When I look at him, I feel like calling him Alex Pepe.
He looks like a little boy.
I don't understand how this guy is the mayor of Miami.
I think Alex Pepe is more of a poor man than me.
He is a Miami-Jay county.
Then Alex said penis because he's the right, like a little kid, like a pre-pubescent
to penis.
Last thing, should everybody take back their water batteries and flywaters?
Should we wait for a girl?
Don't forget, by the way, be sure and pee in that water before you take it back.
Can't be a great day, pal.
Okay, that'll learn him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless lines.
They've got several lines open here again today.
Can't believe that.
Can't believe my eyes on the heels of everything that we just went through here last 48 hours.
And it can't still go out there, tongue.
Let's put on the NOAA weather radio.
Put that on and serve these bastards right.
See, I don't know one of those people that believes that every time there's a cloud in
the sky, use that as an excuse to screw off.
Just like a lot of people in this place that all of them are going to be really bandaged
today, they decided to hang out someplace.
People who even when they're here aren't doing much to be honest with you, like our sales
department.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was channel surfing yesterday and I heard the NOAA weather and I just had to fax that
to you.
I'm glad you did because I never would have turned it on otherwise.
And I still can't believe that that was their idea of being on the air.
They might as well be on the air.
That's your big competition.
That's your big competition.
That's our big competition.
That Greg Reed is so paranoid and psychotic about that he's taking him to court and suing
him because he realizes he knows nothing about the broadcast business, but anyway.
And that's a horrible background noise on that station also.
Yeah.
But the returns have already started.
I was getting some stuff from public when I was heading out to work it to get a sandwich
for lunch today.
And what's almost as long as the check out lines is the return line people bringing
back water, people bringing back batteries and all that crap.
Sure.
It's unacceptable.
Anya.
In addition to which here's the other one that's right on the heels.
Here's Hurricane Gurd out there and they're saying there's another four five six that
we're going to get by in the middle of November when the hurricane season ends.
Why would anybody want to take crap back?
Well, I was smart like Frado.
Since the beginning of the year I keep like my soda bottles and my milk jugs.
And I just filled those puppies up.
Yeah, do like Brittany.
Keep your jugs full.
Right.
Exactly.
All right.
Have a good afternoon and try to keep them getting blown away.
OK.
See.
5 6 7 on speaking of Britney Spears in a backstreet boys.
By the way, so the concert to reschedule for December 5 and 6 here in South Florida at
the Macarena.
Have I seen any of those tickets?
No.
I'm assuming.
By the way, the guy that called me yesterday was absolutely wrong.
Backstreet boys video debuted as number one on TRL yesterday.
The new video.
And it was great.
I didn't see anything wrong.
It was different, but I thought it was great.
They viewed it number one that I mentioned.
And speaking of MTV, they suck.
I hate MTV.
I've gone, you know, I finally outgrown that two or three month period that they had on
there where they had some real attractive flesh on there for everybody for two or three
months.
And then they kind of dropped that.
They don't even show you the whole videos on TRL.
They keep interrupting it with us to, hi, this is Jackie in the getter off of it right
in the middle of the video.
And then they put it down and they fade it out.
They waste all of this time with crap and then they finally get in around to show in
their lousy 10 videos, which takes them an hour and a half to do, by the way, so they
can get all those spots in there for pimple cream and condoms and whatever they do.
And then they fade the goddamn thing out.
Nice going, you jackasses.
MTV blows.
Except for Tom Green, MTV's in a bosh.
Let's put him on a real channel.
Like channel four.
Let's take away our sunshine and put Tom Green on there instead.
Yeah.
Right in around to giving people a bunch of crap who are ripping off the public.
Kill them, have it.
And he doesn't care if they come after him with a hammer he's used to it.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Pretty good.
Okay, a couple of things.
The guys who were surfing, you know, can't can barely hear you.
The guys that were surfing yesterday.
Yeah.
I mean, they wait all year.
You can never get any ways that they're used to surf.
And most people that surf are fairly decent swimmers.
Yeah.
You know, I really like it broadcasting.
I don't go surfing.
But there's the show and pictures are like great waves.
And they're not only doing it, but they're doing it on channel 10 like every 5, 10, 15 minutes.
They kept showing in.
Here's Dwight.
Oh, whoa is me.
Whoa.
Whoa.
We're going to drown.
And I'm getting sucked into it because I don't know what's going on outside.
I leave her into a clock and I realize there's no threat to anybody out there.
Life is going on.
Even when you surf, you're on a board.
You're not going to get sucked in by a rip tie.
You can just ride the board right in.
I mean, you know, anything.
Anyway.
And the other thing is, don't these people in the broadcasting know like to pull spots
when, you know, like, like you just play it.
FPL.
Right.
I mean, I got something about to play for State Farm where they said that we're not in
other woods yet.
And Hurricane Floyd might still give us a number.
Channel 7 this morning has a fake, a fake, a fake FPL spot with some bitch in some recovery
hotener that though, oh, here's what we're doing right now.
I mean, does anyone in on any station, though, even like when an airline crash is only the
only FPL spot that ran the last two days that made any sense was again, um, when you're
done, that's the only one.
When an airline crashes, don't they pull those spots?
Yeah.
I mean, it's a lot of this station.
I got news for you.
There is no FPL training all year.
It's a former and I'm not a disgruntled employee.
Yeah.
If the store is here, we're all screwed.
Mm-hmm.
I got news.
I'm serious.
I believe you.
And I challenge anybody from FPL to call them to the big dad's facts.
They won't.
Yeah, but we like their money, baby.
Well, you know what they say, what FPL means.
OK, have a great day.
OK.
5667, I know the PL part.
56670560, £560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, people in this audience, they have most of them still think it's a joke that I'm just
kidding.
We're a whore outfit.
We're a whore operation.
All we want is the money.
We don't care about servicing the account.
We don't care if the copy is current if it makes any sense.
If anybody understands it, just give us the FN money.
We got to pay John Henry and Wayne all of that money.
So Greg can feed his sports ego and run around and put another notch in his belt.
You know what I'm talking about?
I want to give you a notch.
From what I hear, he's got a lot of notches in his belt, but most of them have nothing
to do with radio.
That's what I hear around this place.
Anybody want to see those naked pictures?
1055 at 560WQAF.
I'll be embarrassed to get where I'm embarrassed, but I really feel it.
I'm not getting to see you.
Get out.
Rages.
1115 at 560WQAF.
I'm going to thank Goldberg for the fast and on after the show will stay too.
By the way, her a cool hotline 6-8 tonight.
Kimba Bocampere 8-9 30 and Amarland will try to lose another one out there in San Francisco
at 930 night to pregame 10 o'clock to game.
Lost three to nothing last night.
I just in case you missed that late school on a West Coast.
Anybody care about that?
No.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
The Tom Green was on the Daily Show last night.
On what show?
That John Stewart show.
I don't know what that show is.
That's on the late night.
Never heard of it.
Yeah, the Daily Show, whatever.
He comes on in a whole hockey uniform trying to explain the difference that there is no
such thing as Canadian bacon that they do eat regular bacon in Canada and they're not
all a bunch of fools.
Yeah.
No, that was that what you saw.
I love Tom.
You know, I saw the thing without sunshine at 430 in the afternoon saying that the hurricane
you know that they should be ashamed of themselves at that restaurant.
And just like you, I thought he should get you know just a bat across the knees or something.
Yeah, they should have broken his legs.
Somebody should have come out from inside either the restaurant mangoes or that the market
whatever was.
And just broken his legs and said just drag the silly ass out of here and go mind your
own business.
You see, I mean the mad at this.
I want to tell you this.
I, as stupid as people are, I doubt that there is one person in this town who was impressed
by this by the charade that he put on who agreed with the fact that he had any business being
there in the first place.
There couldn't have been one person who thought that he had any business doing this.
No, he asked this one guy who was sitting there getting food.
I mean, this real big, heavy, set guy.
Don't you know there's a hurricane coming and the guy just looked at that thing.
Yeah, right.
Right now.
Yeah.
And that guy obviously couldn't afford to miss that meal.
That's right.
But the manager showed some great restraint.
I'm going to give him that credit.
I tell you.
And at 11.30 last night, Brian Noir Cross in his extended coverage was still saying that
the feeder bands could cause havoc tonight.
At 11.30.
And he said, you should better keep your shutters on and bring all the stuff in.
Yeah, you're still better rushed back in the closet.
I want to give you the real thing here now.
Yeah, we believe it.
There's a feeder band coming.
Yeah, Tom, the feed this.
You got it, me.
OK, thanks, Mike.
Tell him the feed on Bill Cammall.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Just grow testically irresponsible.
And like I said, some of them so disappointed that we couldn't have a whole bunch of crap
here.
Then they could have another mate for TV movie about some of these people, huh?
Then we could have brought Brian back in the limelight again instead of being just a little suckling
for Dan Rather.
And if it weren't bad enough that Dan, I love Dan Rather.
OK, always watch CBS Evening News.
But last night was perhaps the worst edition of the CBS Evening News in history with Danny Boyd there in Savannah, Georgia.
They were hyperventilating.
Make the local make the local channels look like Rip Van Winkle.
They were so psychotic on CBS Evening News.
And then as if that wasn't bad enough with Brian or Cross on air, given his bull crap information.
At the end of the show, who does he talk to?
Our good old buddy Neil Frank over there in Houston who had nothing to say.
Nothing.
He would ask him some long question and Neil Frank would say, well, yes, you're right, Dan.
It looks like it's moving northeast right or north, northwest right?
OK, but we already know that.
Well, you know, this thing is no vrietta, Dan.
And of course, we're not really predicting them any better.
It's just that we have a better technology and we're reading them now.
We look at it and the audio he didn't say a damn thing.
He's still got the same bad haircut, by the way.
Our good buddy Neil Frank over there in Houston.
Nice going, Neil.
God bless you.
Good guy, religious nut.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Great. Good.
I want to echo something you said.
It's all about the money.
You know, I'm a 48 year old woman born and raised here in Miami.
Right.
And, you know, I grew up in the grow with these little frame houses.
And every hurricane come through.
That it ever came through there.
These, I mean, we got that wrecked hit.
We all survived it.
And we were always because I listened to my behavior friends.
They came over here many, many years before.
And always said, people say this is wrong, boss, but I'm telling you, I'm 48.
I've been through them.
You open that window when the hurricane starts coming in to the leaf out of your house
and let that pressure out.
We have survived it in these frame houses for many, many, many, many years.
Okay.
Now you get people like Ryan Northrop.
Yeah.
All these other people come in.
These transplants.
Now they don't know Jack Hoop about stuff.
Jack Pratt, yeah.
Okay.
And they do this because they need media comes up slow news day.
And you would think that if anybody knew about the big blow that Brian would be an expert on that.
You would think that it'd be his one area of expertise.
So you would think so.
Uh-huh.
But you listen to all this hoop delogues.
People run around like maniacs because they don't know.
And they're putting all their faith and trust and they are penis.
Oh.
We're indeed troubles.
Anytime a person can come down here and take a homestead, well, because of these people want to leave the child.
So what is he going to do, shoot them?
Now this looks like it's a maid.
It's a gun.
They had roadblocks up there and they had to show ID to get as late as eight o'clock last night.
Roadblocks?
Yeah.
You know, I don't even necessarily see yesterday my son and I tried to get.
We were going to go cut races.
They won't let us go cut race.
Yeah.
Hurricane's coming.
My think back for it.
Can't get anybody out here unless up here extra $100 because the hurricane's coming.
Uh-huh.
You know, it's ridiculous.
And you know, I've been around these.
There was no hurricane coming.
I was telling everybody.
There is no hurricane.
I know this.
It's not that I'm perfect.
I know these things but we're in a field of bad.
We didn't even get a gun.
I get more rain.
That's right.
Any average day in the last six months we got more rain out by me than we got yesterday as in none.
I just think people should stop putting so much faith and trust into these people on these TV's.
These web-to-sale call web is they don't know.
They said yes.
This song was so freaking big.
It was that big.
I didn't even get a gun for 10 lbs an hour.
Right.
You know, was that big?
I don't think your things in the mirror.
They don't have the equipment of tracks such a huge storm.
Okay, sweetheart.
All right.
Have a great day.
You too.
Just say no to Brian.
No, Brian.
Okay.
Just say no.
Brian, I understand most people do.
That's what I'm hearing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we continue ripping out sunshine of big fat pimpley.
I asked deserve it.
So maybe I don't think so.
I don't think I'm getting carried away on this.
I think that he deserves every ounce of energy, of negative energy that I can put in to decry.
He's subhuman performance yesterday.
See, this is the thing.
Oh, we're in the media.
We're so much holier than now.
We're so much better than all the rest of you pedestrian slabs out there.
You better listen to us.
The sky is falling.
And if it's not falling right now, it's going to fall any minute.
And you better listen to us and close up the doors because you're being god-damned irresponsible.
You've got some nerve opening up.
And let me say it again.
How come there was nobody with a camera at Albertson over there on Oakley and Navhill?
Was there any problem there?
Was anybody getting blown away?
Not that we could see.
Maybe in the tea room.
I didn't see anybody getting blown away or otherwise.
And this guy's got the hutsbite to be running around at mangoes in the southern.
I wish maybe somebody will know what the other market was because I tuned in just after he had started interrogating this guy and grilling this guy and cross examining this guy and terrorizing this guy and dehumanizing this port bastard.
Well, don't you feel it was almost as if he was going to keep asking him the same guy that question until he finally got him to say, yeah, I feel like crap.
He was just indignant that the guy wouldn't say he felt bad.
Because he was endangering the lives of his employees and the customers and everybody else that he was coursing.
You could see he was holding them in there at gunpoint.
He had a shotgun to their head.
I'd fire his ass right now is what I would do.
But again, a channel four, they got no choice because they got a bunch of losers over there.
A channel four, it's a loser network is what it is.
That's why they suck up the rear end there.
Every time here be rating.
Perrector panel four is down there just lapping up everybody's just looking up at everybody else is behind.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Okay, you can blow.
5 60 WQM if there's one word to describe the media in this town.
And this is a compliment.
Okay, but if there's one word to sum them all up, media ochre.
That is such a perfect word.
I kept like resonating through my mind while I was listening to that brilliant music I just played.
Media ochre.
Okay, that's the highest compliment I can pay.
I mean, don't know.
Great job on the weather.
Most of the other media were larger.
But those aren't like news people.
Those are what those are people who have training to do what it is that they're doing.
But these news flunkies.
I mean, I wouldn't give you a hundred bucks for the whole lot of them put together.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
I want to hear from some other people who want to I want you to come forward today and apologize if you actually went into a store and bought something yesterday.
Okay, because we're supposed to feel guilty.
In fact, I'm going to apologize right now on the air to Al Sunshine and everybody else in God and the human race that I went not only to the Amaco station.
I went to we went over to Albertsons and bought $40 worth of groceries yesterday afternoon.
And I want to apologize right now because I was jeopardizing somebody safety, maybe even my own.
By being out there on the roads, you know how crowded the roads were here yesterday.
Like a ghost town.
So I'm sure a lot of the rest of you want to apologize to.
So Al Sunshine, though, come knock it on your house four or five this afternoon.
Knock it on the door and put you on God damn channel four and giving you a grilling of a lifetime.
Not miserable no good son of a bitch.
Here's a mobile insane Augustine. Hello.
Hey, Neil. I'm living Miami, but I'm on my way to business up in Jackson, the Jacksonville area.
Yeah, well, you better watch it, man.
Yeah, well, it's about like it was in Miami yesterday.
Okay. It's insane Augustine.
Yeah, it's not, I mean, well, I'm a little older probably.
Yeah, well, yeah, well, no, actually probably older in Miami building.
Especially in Broward.
But, you know, I live in Northeast Miami and you know what?
Gail, me is I fall for a look like it's wine and thinker every time.
Yeah.
A public that they always show isn't the public we shop at.
And I always go there and I buy the batteries and I buy the water.
And then they tell me evacuate.
Uh huh.
So what am I supposed to do with all this stuff?
Yeah.
You know, I mean, every time we go on.
A lot of people in Broward are very frustrated by the way that they couldn't evacuate.
In spite of the orders to do so, they still were unable to do it.
Yeah, well, you know, I...
I mean, they still couldn't get it out.
Yeah, you just wonder if the energizer stuff go up every year during the summer.
Well, just remember one thing.
When you get close up there to Jackson, they'll watch out for the...
I...
I...
...of the storm.
All right, thank you.
Okay, bye.
Good luck.
5, 6, 7, 05.
I mean, 8 o'clock yesterday morning, the eye of the hurricane is north of Lake Okeechobee.
You look on a goddamn map.
It's right there in the front page of your scum central this morning.
There it is.
And here at 10.30, 2.5 hours later, here's the mayor hypervitality.
Mayor of Pepe.
Good job, sweetheart, by the way.
He don't deserve the full appellation.
What was her name in Apollonia?
Don't remember Apollonian, Godfather one.
That wasn't him.
That's what I just said.
He don't deserve even like one half of her breast, not even a nipple.
Of course, he wouldn't know what to do with it anyway.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
The mayor is upset.
He's pissed off and upset.
First that you wouldn't vote yes on his goddamn black flag.
He'll pay off his sales tax.
And now he's real upset that you wouldn't listen to when he is warning yesterday and gets
psychotic and crawl out of the bed and hop into the closet with Brian Norcross.
The mayor is real pissed off.
Of course, the mayor couldn't go in at closet because there's not room for him and merits
deerheim and Juan Medelleta and then that midget guy from the fire department.
There's not any closet big enough for all four of them in there.
Boy, are you a silly person or what, Mr. Mayor?
God, what a joke.
Here's Shoppeech.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty damn good, sir.
Hey, this is the first time I call, but I just had to call because there's just so much
on my mind about this whole thing.
When did that speed without?
Okay, well, unfortunately I didn't get to see this out of sunshine stuff because I stopped
watching on a local coverage because I could have been a meteorologist after all the
repetitive, bold grab stuff.
Okay, first of all, I don't want to get distracted because I want to talk about South Beach
in a second, but I just got to say all the people that are going back to the stores to
return stuff are ignorant.
What are they crazy?
They want to wait in lines again.
You know something?
If I'm in one of those stores, if I'm working in one of those stores, if those people say
I want to bring this back, I just slow them away with no questions asked.
That's all.
Well, it just goes to show that my theory that the general public generally is ignorant.
But you know what, that's not a bad thing because because of their mass ignorance, I actually
had a really good time.
I live in South Beach.
I've been here for about a year.
I'm from Maryland.
And it was like a ghost town.
I couldn't believe it.
I'm walking down the streets and saying to myself, finally, there's parking.
And you know, there wasn't very many places open, but there was a convenience store and I
went in there last night.
That's all you need.
I'm sorry?
That's all you need.
Well, right before I went in there, I saw this fire department man.
He was helping people get on this evacuation bus and he said, been here, you know, my whole
life and my grandfather's been here and this is the worst thing that's ever going to happen,
right?
So I go into this convenience store to buy some famous Amos cookies.
Oh, famous Amos.
By the way, I didn't go to the store, so I can't apologize for buying a bunch of crap.
I didn't go.
I didn't do it.
I just decided to stay here.
But anyway, I wanted to get famous Amos.
What was that?
I thought you were supposed to apologize for buying the cookies, man.
Well, I just couldn't stay.
I just needed something to munch on just in case this thing didn't come through.
Well, Brian would have given you something to munch on.
So I'm in this store and the guy, and I said to the counter, just make it some small
talk.
I said to the guy, I said, so what do you think?
Is this going to be the big one?
And he said, no, it'll just, this is last night.
I mean, the night before when it was like everybody's predicting it's going to be, you
know, massive devastation.
And he says to me, no, it's just going to be a little bit of wind.
I guarantee it.
I'm like, how do you know this?
And he said, I'm religious.
So the next day, I go in, and I said to him, hey, I can't believe how did you guess this
was right.
I said, what religion are you?
He said he was Muslim.
And, you know, so this guy has more credibility to me than any of these guys that I've seen
on the news.
Oh, by the way, it's the Muslims and the Catholics over there in East Timor that are slaughtering
each other like crazy over there, which is why we have to stick the peacekeeping force.
More good old time religion there in East Timor and Indonesia, but anyway, go ahead.
Well, they should be meteorologists, I guess.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay, pal.
But let me just say this real quick, South Beach was fantastic.
There was nobody around.
You can walk this.
Right.
Yeah.
You know what it reminded me of, it reminded me of, um, no man's land.
Like when people were leaving Saigon, you know, everybody was trying to get out.
And I was not about to leave the beach and not get the gun.
And all the poor souls that went through these, uh, these, uh, you know, shelters.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
There were there.
There's supposed to be their toll.
Six to eight.
Yeah.
Isn't that incredible?
I was drinking Corona and having a great time walking on the surface.
There you go.
Okay, pal.
Okay, man.
Thanks for watching.
Bottom's up.
All right.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Yeah.
So this is a joke.
This was an insult.
And I don't, I don't perceive that too many people are pissed out and you want to know
why because your brain washed.
Oh, that thing's beeping again.
Your brain washed from the day before.
See your confusing Monday with Tuesday.
Like Apollonia said Monday, Wednesday, Saturday, you're confusing the days of the week.
And that's what she said before she got in at the car.
Remember Apollonia?
She was, yeah, she was a very good driver, just like a rainman.
What, what, what are all these things flashing through my mind?
Now you want to know why because I'm trying somehow to ease off on this Al sunshine thing.
I, over the years, I've been here 23 years and many times I've been furious with some
of these people in the media here and how irresponsible and what assholes they sometimes
are.
But this performance yesterday in the midst of everything else we've had 15 million
hours of media coverage in the last three or four days on this system.
But of anything of everything and anything, this was the most aggravating, the most unacceptable,
the most nauseating.
This man should only break out in boils in boils from head to toe.
A plague of locust should only fly into his rectum immediately if not sooner.
And two off his handhawks and render him useless to channel four as if he ain't already.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
All right.
Listen man, it was all well and good to have these evacuations.
But through the incompetence of my earline, I ended up at Miami International Airport.
Oh, I ate four to five.
They were long gone when I got there.
Yeah.
So I asked, uh, Miami dead police man.
Well, how about the Iran press?
What they they're doing some drugs for?
They were gone.
Damn it.
You know, when I went there, that place was empty.
That earline had a responsibility to call and said that they weren't going because every
time I called the main officer said they were going.
Yeah.
So anyway, I asked the police officer to watch my bags mean time I go and call and get
transportation to go back home.
I was lucky I didn't get locked up because I should not have been there.
That's right.
You know, so who is going to pay me back now for the super shot that I took out there
and had all that aggravation?
Could you ask me a penis if he's going to do it?
Well, you know something they were going to pay you back, but the tolls are down on the
turnpike today.
So unfortunately, we'll have to.
We can't afford to do it.
Well, you know, we'll send you our best wishes and stuff.
God bless you.
Yeah, man.
OK, man, don't do it again.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's give awards.
Let's give the award to Al Sunshine for being the far and away biggest asshole in the
last two days.
And let's give the award to Dwight Lauderdale for a maybe, maybe not too bad of a finished
second there.
Encouraging.
Hey, look at this.
All these assholes out there surfing.
OK, it's dangerous.
Don't go out there.
This is all over beach, by the way.
And there's only this one cop and he's not arresting anybody sitting there in a car.
By the way, here it is again.
And again, and again, and again, and again, and again, over and over and over again.
Although certainly as always, winning the award is the silliest of them.
Well, that machine is going nuts back there now.
It's making all kinds of sound.
Well, we've got a nice long break.
We've got it.
But anyway, like I said, oh, that's right.
We've got long breaks, especially with those extra FPL spots we got.
You know, the ones that say, hey, don't get too confident because this thing could turn
around and come back and give you the big blow.
Yeah, those are my favorite.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, am I on?
Yes, man, sounds like you.
That lady who called about leaving a window open during a hurricane is absolutely right.
That's always worked.
She really does.
I've been here more than 50 years, believe it or not.
And that's an old Bahamian tradition and it works.
Yeah, Eric Clapton said it works like magic.
The thing is, is the similar Indian Saturday, even better than the Bahamians, you know,
when they used to have the chickies out in the Everglades and a hurricane would come with no
meteorologists to warn them that they knew it was coming.
They didn't, they weren't wiped out.
Why is that?
Why is that?
Why is that because they didn't have high rides and walls to blow down?
Yeah.
They had, you know, everything was natural and they just burrowed down like gators in the mud.
And the chickies, the roots would fly off with the standing post would still be standing
after the hurricane.
And nobody died.
How do you like that?
Because there were no high rides.
So if we get all this stick, our heads in the mud, I think we got it made.
We got it looked knocked down the high rides.
Right.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Anybody have any idea what she said?
No.
But she was okay.
Well, that machine is just to go and ballistic back it.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, just to go nuts.
Probably the mayor's got something to do with it.
Or maybe it's Juan Mendiera.
26 after 11 at 560.
Oh, that's our poll question today.
By the way, who do we find more nauseating?
Mayor Pepe or Al Sonsha.
Well, that's a tough one after yesterday.
Of course, we're not paying Al Sonsha in salary directly.
So thank God for that.
But the mayor, a lot of you people in Dave County, you suckers out there.
You're paying a salary for him to walk around like a little tour.
And then keep lecturing you on how naughty you are because you're not psychotic enough.
He's very disappointed.
Very upset.
Even though our schools and data open again today.
Yes.
Is the mail being delivered in date again today?
Yes.
Is there any reason for people to be psychotic about the weather in day today?
No.
But I'm a little bit disappointed in you people for not being crazy enough about it.
Because the mayor, Mr. Mayor, he wants to be a big shot.
He wants to exploit it.
He didn't work out too well with that sales tax.
But maybe his meteorological efforts.
Maybe he knows the which way it's blowing.
I think that's where his expertise is.
By the way, from all your country people that work here and from all the time.
The ones that call him Mayor Booker on 26 past 11 at 560 WQM 08.
Oh, a lot so you're so big.
Yeah.
Would you sleep and fall?
Yes.
Why your windows open?
Or run down the hall?
Why your windows open?
I'm out on tour.
But I feel secure.
Because your tent will watch while you're windows open.
Let's open up the window.
Okay, and let this storm blow on right through.
Let it blow through when the kids will fly out the window and it's wrong with that.
11.32 at 560 WQM.
Here's the 11 o'clock AM coordinates so they just moved off the weather channel real quick.
I don't care.
But actually looking at that thing right now and it's moving to North.
Maybe just a little bit to the west.
But it's moving north.
And really quite frankly, if you had a little bit of objectivity and weren't in a panic in psychotic,
you could just look at this thing these lines today and have a pretty good idea of where the hell it was going.
And who didn't have to be in a panic.
But that's no fun.
Here's a fact from Mike who says Floyd just toyed but Gert's going to hurt.
All right.
This is we should offer free rope and cement blocks for the ankles of the ancillos who decided despite the hurricane by swimming in the ocean right in front of it.
See, I'm not so sure about that, Mike.
I was two of those people out yesterday but now that I think about it, mind your own business.
Okay, Dwight Lauderdale and stop putting the goddamn video of it on here every five minutes and encouraging people to go down the hall over.
You jackass, you silly person and by the way, we can't stand you without the mustache.
Here's Margate. Hello.
It was like a Samson thing.
Remember when Samson said his aunt is here and he was the same thing with Dwight Lauderdale on the mustache.
Yes, sir.
Are you there?
Speak to me.
Sir, your phone is coming back.
Coming back.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I want to apologize profusely.
For you went to the store?
I went to my favorite piece of place.
Shame on you.
I'm waving my arms just like Al Sunshine.
I'm waving my ham-hawks.
Shame on you.
Out of fun.
Shame on you.
I do not have done well in this place.
Yeah.
If he were to walk in there, they would have taken care of him.
Good.
There should have stuck his hand in the pizza.
There's a feature over on the knob pill and I think it's on set stripped.
Right.
They had nine people working in the place.
The phone never stopped ringing.
How do you like that?
I mean, it was great.
I wish I could at least have business just for one day yesterday for some pussy out there
that was too scared to open up his business.
I wish I could at least have just one day.
I would have come out here and promoted it for four hours.
I'm more open today and made a fortune.
I could have probably retired in one day.
Unbelievable.
I mean, the phone was ringing like crazy.
Everybody was smiling and doing business and it was great.
Didn't seem any problem at the Salbertsons, man.
We were doing a lot of business in there and probably not going to win there
where people don't usually even shop there.
Unbelievable.
Right.
Well, we survived.
You ready for good.
Okay.
Okay, sure.
Lift up your skirt.
Here comes good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, whatever that means.
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Or like most of the guys out there would say.
Just lift up your skirt anyway.
Here is Miami.
Hello.
How you doing this one?
Pretty good, sir.
Already.
I don't have a whole lot of material but I just got to take you right about the guy out sunshine.
He's always popping.
He's an asshole.
He's always popping his fat mouth off of him.
Yeah, everything that's...
Always lecturing everybody else.
He is Mr. Big Shot.
He is an expert.
I'm going to tell you, he made a bigger asshole out of himself yesterday
than most people get to do in an entire lifetime.
In about five minutes yesterday and one day.
Absolutely.
And I don't know what this guy's problem is.
But in Neil, I'm not real chronic in everything but I need some dolphin tickets for this week's game.
Uh-huh.
Neil, I need some tickets.
Well, guess what?
The game ain't sold out.
Go buy some.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on it.
How do you like that?
I heard the beefo this morning in the 10 seconds that I could stand coming to work in between the switch and CDs.
I heard them actually saying that the game wasn't sold out.
Against the Arizona Carmel, against the Jake the Plumber.
Against the girls team that they should annihilate.
That just barely on the last second field will squeak by the putrid horrendous Eagles who ever won a game in 100 years.
Last Sunday.
Everybody's talking big talk here, man.
Like, oh, yeah, we won a game.
We beat the world champions, man.
We kicked their ass.
We're great.
And the meantime still tickets available.
And it's the Wednesday while it must have been the storm.
Okay, we'll sit back and wait.
We'll sit back and wait and see if these people put their money with our goddamn mouth is all these big shots, all these big sports nerds, all these great loyal fans.
Who if they're smart like me would rather sit on them and watch it free on TV.
But of course, it's got to be sold out for that to happen.
Here's a call in Jupiter. Hello.
It's a little girl. Yes, sir speaking.
I do great.
I have three three different items for you.
Okay.
I'd like you to pay you on all three.
Number one, who do you think is a better shortstop?
No more. Okay, five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in North Bay, village. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Just two quick comments for you.
Okay, first of all, the mayor should probably be managing a polling alley from midnight to six in the morning after the emergency management situation they had.
Any other one is what's with this governor that declares the beaches parks so we can what physically drag people off of them?
Do you hear that?
No.
Up north up in West Palm.
They keep people off the beaches.
They declared them state parks for the day.
For the day.
Yeah.
That's like Queen for a day.
Now we got state park for the day.
Sounds like it.
Uh-huh.
All right. Thanks, Logan.
Okay, thank you.
That's a good work.
I will.
Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Just to see this happens over and over again.
We've had so many of these close calls near calls, close scares.
People schlep into the store.
And there is very definitely, you know, there's that concern that people are going to become complacent.
They're not going to get enough batteries.
They're not going to get enough water.
You shouldn't have, you should have enough batteries and water to last until the next millennium.
Not this coming one, but the one after that.
Like the one in the backstreet boys video of three thousand.
And by the way, anybody that says there's anything wrong with the new backstreet boys video.
Full of crap.
Let me say it again.
Except I'd like to see it somewhere on MTV so I could see the whole thing from start to finish.
Instead of having it interrupted because MTV blows.
Yeah, Carson.
Get lost.
Carson.
Okay.
And stop it.
It's stupid.
It's going to be a little girl's interrupting all our videos.
Oh, and a new list list risk a video.
Oh, man.
Woo.
They views it number five.
What does that tell you?
A lot of retards out there, I guess.
Oh, there's the, and I look at that.
The weather channel is showing the thing because this, uh, see that?
What did I just tell you this morning?
Going up there and clipping the Carolina South and the North Carolina, the Eastern portion.
And then the zip and up right along the coast because this cold front is pushing in that direction of the Northeast.
Eventually on mudslides.
No, no, seriously.
Okay.
So you want the thing to fall.
See there are old lady of the mock croaks up there in North Carolina.
Georgia's hoping that his old Cuban mother bites the big one up there in North Carolina.
Big mudslides.
Shame on you.
I think it's coming up.
21 before noon at five sixty WQM.
You better suck it in and hold it.
Hi, this is Fleet from the area of newest car dealership, Fleet Taurus.
Our lot is jammed with a fleet of fleet Taurus's H1 completely carpeted for your comfort and all of our fleet Taurus is our available in a wide variety of colors.
Ranging from brown to red all the way to hot paint.
The Fleet Taurus handles in all kinds of weather from hot and dry to cool and wet.
Stop in for a test drive and experience that new Fleet Taurus mail.
And when you buy from us, we'll hand up your Fleet Taurus until you're satisfied.
Fleet Taurus has a more shake of better year driving.
I'm okay.
I think Fleet knows the old Osofuking.
It's 16 Phil Noon at five sixty WQM.
Speaking of that, when a new $30,000 Dodge Ram pickup truck by registering at any stop,
photo shell gas station or Dodge dealer or see it today at the shell gas station in Margate 505 North State Road 7
from 1230 to 130 PM or Fairbanks Dodge between two and three PM.
And when you register to get a chance to win a pair of Infinity Bookshelf speakers or a Harmon Cardon Pack.
Oh, honey, look, you've got a Cardon, which includes a receiver and Infinity speakers plus Miami Dolphins and Florida Marlin tickets.
What is that? A Harmon Cardon Pack.
Harmon Cardon is stereo.
Oh, it's Cardon.
Oh, maybe that's not how you pronounce it. That's how I pronounce it.
Can you say Cardon on a year?
No.
Okay, moving right along.
Okay, so Sam is out there. He wants to show it to you and the speakers to in a Dodge, et cetera, and so on.
Whatever he's given away.
Here's a mobile in on the alley. Hello.
Bill. Yes, sir.
Let's do quick things. Number one. Did you see today's sport page where Jimmy Johnson says they'll never ride American Airlines again?
No. No, it didn't see that.
It's wonderful. He said they'll take a plus if they have to.
Always like that, Jimmy, man.
It's on the top of like the second or third page of one of the favors.
Okay.
And also, what you were talking about these days are the other days.
I never could stand this stuff.
And I picked up though his new fiction.
His new novel is very good.
Yeah.
So maybe he's changed. I have no idea.
I doubt it. Okay, let's get a new phone and then we'll talk you something.
But thanks very much for tipping me off on a Jimmy Johnson.
It was my favorite with the hair. He's a great guy with hair.
We could be special, baby. We could be special.
We got a chance. We got a chance.
I don't see it. It's not any a hero.
I don't see it anywhere.
There is Oleg Kavasha.
Anybody excited about hockey?
We got exhibition hockey going by the way.
Anybody care about?
No.
Oh, no.
Let's see. How about the OG?
I got the whole big thing.
What do I got cut out of there?
What did I, oh, I sliced out the article about the Appearance Mutuals and everything.
Well, there you go.
Long trip from Denver leaves.
JJ just plain PLAN-y.
Mad. Right this down.
I will never ever fly American Airlines again.
I'd rather drive to our next road again and fly with him.
How do you like that?
Woo.
There were fours to land in four Myers because American let their employees leave early from Fort Lauderdale airport and mine international and prepare for the hurricane.
Johnson was furious because both Southfoot airports still were accepting flights and landing in four Myers required approximately two hours of travel via bus back to Fort Lauderdale after the charter landed at 5.40 in the morning.
How do you like that?
They got some slickener. We got the dolphins, man.
We got the important goddamn dolphins along with Jimmy Johnson and our very own important gym.
Mad dog mandage on there, Mr. Manwich.
And you people got some slickener.
The only reason they kept it open at all, by the way, is to make sure they got all the drug sold before they closed it down the airport.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady in Tamara. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, man.
Listen, I just wanted to say one thing.
I agree with a lot of people that there was a lot of hysteria, but honestly, that storm, if it would have hit, would have really, really, really been bad.
We all agree with that, but the fact is that by yesterday morning it was very clear that we were not going to get much worse at anything.
That was what I was going to say.
That obviously, when they knew that it wasn't going to be a big problem, they just kept going and going and pounding it in and having a new thing.
Almost like they were very disappointed that they couldn't make a big stimulus out of this.
And as a result, instead of just being responsible, which there's no profit in being responsible and being rational.
Instead of that, they kept holding out hope that something would happen.
And they didn't even resume regular program until 630 last season.
Right. God only knows what's happening on guiding light by now.
Well, it was on in the middle of the night.
It was? Yes.
And it was on?
No. No, of course not.
And by the way, you were right about done now.
I did all the channel surfing and looked at all these, the forecasters.
You don't feel that anybody says he's the best.
He was really, really good. So rational and calm and honest.
And very accurate too. You notice how he kept giving me this tracking.
Instead of this big, wide yellow thing that Brian keeps sticking on there, where it covers about 50,000 miles in diameter, he gives you, like, you know, the real love.
And the story there, the tracking that is very accurate and very easy to understand.
And he doesn't hyperventilate. And when it's time to drop the thing, he drops it.
Right. And it seemed like Brian, Newark Cross was really, even when the news was good, he wanted to try and make it bad.
And in the beginning, he was very low key. And it seemed like yesterday, as he was getting more and more disappointed, that he was trying to start the old hyperventilating routine again, especially when he went like that.
And what's with that, that ticking his eyes now? I don't know. Did anybody notice that?
That the strange sort of leaking thing going on.
It's going to be a D. Okay, have a great day.
Yeah, too. Bye-bye.
What'd you say, hidden his eye? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, past 5, 60. Maybe he had a card on.
Huh?
Oh, maybe the vibration from the speakers got his eye like a bubble in a little bit. That could have been it.
Anyway, moving right along. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
I know. I want to talk about Brian, Newark Cross and the rest of the cronies and the media.
Yes, sir. Don't leave out my good friend, Al Sunshine, who should be fired by noon today.
Unbelievable. You know, Monday, I believe that there was a legitimate threat to South Florida.
Yes, sir. I left work early, went home to care of my business.
I said we were going to be feeling tropical storm force winds by 7 a.m. Tuesday.
Okay, I woke up at 7. It was beautiful.
Right. Sun was shining. Right.
I went out to breath. Sound of place that was open.
You're on apology if you actually subsidized the place that was open yesterday. You were on apology.
The place was packed. Right.
Okay, I go home, take down my shutters, put the launch senator back off.
Uh-huh. Okay. Now, because they just couldn't drop the story, the whole city was shut down all day long.
And parts of it's still today. Parts of it's still today. We got no racing at Calder, no racing at Poppano Park tonight.
No tools being collected on the turnpike out here, which saved me a buck, you know, today and again yesterday.
But there's money that the revenue of the state is losing that we can afford to lose.
Well, shame on them. Amen.
Thanks. See you.
Yeah, great job Monday. And you're undermined all of it yesterday.
As far as I'm concerned, you pull the carpet right from under your own God then.
Recko. Yes, yesterday.
By just refusing to let go. There comes a time when you gotta let go. Okay.
Let's go already.
And even yesterday afternoon, the weather lady there on Channel 7, Miss Kamal.
She's going on about all these these feeder bands. Feed this. Okay.
We're looking at the map and we're seeing the feeder bands coming out of the Northwest Quadrant of the storm and going across the state over there in Tampa, where some really dumb people went by the way to try to run away from the storm.
Not to mention Igor by name.
He get back today or is he still over there hiding out under a blanket somewhere?
I probably got wiped out in Tampa.
Probably got the big blow over in Tampa, man.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello. How you doing? Great.
Hey, listen up. The thing I'm worried about right now is they had all this hype about this hurricane and what happens to the next one comes in.
Nobody does anything because they're all like, yeah, well nothing's gonna happen now because we waited our time the last time.
This is something if you've lived here any length of time.
This is something we always have to contend with is we've had so many close calls and then a lot of people get really complacent.
And then it's like the boy who cried well and you got to understand that you got to give these people a little bit of slack because that's not a precise science.
They don't know exactly where it's going to hit. They're doing the best that they can up until midnight tonight to go.
Yeah, what I don't understand is they milk the story for all its worth because I mean, there's such a lot to do.
Yeah, well, you're right. You got a good point. What they did yesterday, it minimized.
It made a mockery and a joke out of the whole thing. And a lot of people are going to say, oh yeah, well we know there are a bunch of alarmists anyway.
We're not going to pay you. You're right.
Exactly. You know what I thought was pretty funny to all the same. Even though they were all the other stations except ABC and I'm going to say, well I, but all the other stations except ABC were milking it for all of its worth.
You know what? There wasn't that much of an emergency for ABC that they couldn't show the Monday night game.
That's what I couldn't understand. It does show the game.
So what I'm one point, baby, big book. Big book. So I mean, I didn't stop the game coming on, but I actually went out to look for the.
I wanted to go watch the game on Monday night. I went down to like champs down in what's that.
Sipers Creek Road down there.
Just to watch the game in the big screen and they were boarded up. They were closed and so is hooters right beside it.
Oh my god. You kidding me? They were closed on Monday night.
I can't understand that.
I don't know, but I just thought like I said, I think that the next time when this one, Gert is going to be about well.
I'll just go on get drunk. That's what I say.
Okay. Have a great day.
Let's just go out and have two or three kegs. Let's get 50, 60 kegs because no, like I said yesterday, there's no law that says you got to drink water.
Beer is mostly water. So does mostly water. Wine is mostly water.
Just sit back and make sure you get enough fluids, man.
And you know what Brian says is mostly a water too.
That's what he says.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. Did the hurricane vector shift wise on hold?
I'm going back. Is it?
I don't know about that thing. We never got any more word about that.
Well, may it be a maximum cope up for going to the story yesterday. I didn't realize there was being so horrible.
But I had this one thing just watching yesterday on the news.
I thought we were going to get the best live entertainment around. There's this reporter, the pan to him in North Bay village.
I think it was.
Yeah.
It was all wired up. The head said, and microphones. And they start talking to him and he goes, well, I'm spinning here right now and ankle deep water.
And I was going to, please God, just light them up.
Yeah.
I bet the else sunshine would have been upset about that. He's got there jeopardizing his life.
I know. And well, as far as those people, I mean, if they want to go out and walk on those jetties and surf, I think this free country, let them do it.
Yeah.
As long as nobody has the risk of life to go and save them. That's right.
That's the problem. I didn't have to waste any time. I'm mourning about them the next day. Then I agree.
Right. So that's a lot. Okay.
Yeah, I want to subtract whatever I said yesterday. I want to be attracted. I didn't say any way. Did I?
No, you just imagine it.
Because I was sitting here getting sucked in because they kept saying it over. Oh my God. These people are crazy. The risk of their lives. And I'm sitting inside here. I don't know what's going on outside.
They're making it seem like, oh, yeah, we're going to get this tremendous rain. He's gigantic dust and all this. And there was nothing going on. The sun was shining.
Nice going Dwight. Like I said, you're an old senile silly old person. Okay. Put some real news people on that channel. Some of us might watch it.
I'm going to start watching seven just for kicks. You know, just to see if Rick falls over the edge of the thing out there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T. Why does line? Understand the family of that guy. I understand that they're ready to send a limo to pick Rick up today after work.
Here's homestead. Hello. Yeah, hi. You know, I you know, I'm pretty good, sir. Hey, I just like to personally thank Brian North Cross for scaring you know what out of my kids Monday night. Yeah, completely blew it out of proportion.
Five times the size of Andrew whatnot. They're both old enough to realize, you know, the magnitude of Andrew. But he didn't do many favors by blowing it up like he did. And I just like to personally thank him. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Whatever you said, it was by the way three to four times the size of Andrew, but nevertheless. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. It's four minutes till noon. Well, don't you understand.
Brian had to have some reference point because that's what made him famous was that made for TV movie. They made about him like he was some kind of an expert. Some kind of a big shot.
In fact, that Brian's going to be making several appearances at the local theorems. I understand you sign autographs.
You can punch him in the groin with the hair off his chest and still he snore. Hello, I'm Bernie co-fell and I'm barely alive, but I don't snore and here's why when we go to sleep, my wife always carries her anti snorke.
Not only is it easy for her to use, but it's very effective to and here's why. Just one quick full of the trigger and you'll sleep snore free all night long.
If you have a loved one that snores, use the anti snorke. Just with the NRA order to order yours. That's made a copy in called the NRA at 1 800 of American way.
Okay, so here's the thing, the 11 o'clock coordinates 29.9 north is the latitude 79 point is the longitude west and it's moving out only 125 mile hour winds moving at the 14 miles an hour north northwest, but I'm telling you trust me what I tell you more to the north and the northwest.
And there's a chance, I mean, not that we live in those areas, but if you have any relatives up there, you're hoping that they have mudslides and your mother gets killed things like that.
There's a chance away. I look at this thing that it's going to start moving to the northeast and then kind of like hug along the coastline and then maybe even move out to sea eventually like sooner than they think.
I'm not saying more way the other because do we live in any of these places? No, it's just in case you're hoping that your mother gets killed in the mudslide.
So anyway, like I said, here's a fact that says, figuring I was going to get hold up with no electric for a few days, I bought these brand new flavored peanut butter is by GIF chocolate silk apple cinnamon and berry blend.
It says a great idea. They're fantastic. They're not like Ben and Jerry's not that good, but they're really very good.
And also it says, Rimmer reminds me of Floyd. No bite just a quick blow is what it says.
You think anybody in this audience is tried in those peanut butter? They stuck. Yeah, it's not that crazy about peanut butter. All of it sounds pretty good. I need to write out the jar. I don't eat bread.
And especially after going yesterday to Albertsons and seeing that all the bread basically been cleaned out, what are they doing with all that bread? I guess to make it sandwiches. Okay, they figured the electrical be out. So let's make 50,000 sandwiches and make bread pudding in the deli with it.
Is that what they do with this?
Hate bread pudding 5 6705 60 pound 560 although I do like rice pudding. Not good for it, but I love it. Here's a lady mobile in Pemberg Pine. Hello. Yes, I need a whole area. Great. Well, guess what I fuck anyway. Really? I taped it last night and you missed quite an exciting night.
Oh my god. Should have been during the day. What kind of a run?
He was on 307 in the morning. I wanted to see it anyway. Let me tell you what happened. You won't believe it. I don't know how they did it, but Edmund is still alive.
They've got him 82 times and he's still alive.
But he needs medical help according to that.
But he said he's going to get everyone who tried to do this to him. And that guard that tried to do the firing squad against Michelle and handing all of them.
He supposedly is on Edmund side. He's going to help him. He said he's loyal to him enough his brother.
And so we went looking for Ben because you know that Ben is supposed to now be Drew's father. Right.
She went looking for him and the maid told her she went over to the fan throw stuff and she went looking for him.
And the maid told her he was down in the set wine cellar. But the girl...
Pilar. Yeah, Pilar.
Pilar. Have you ever known anybody named Pilar by the way? No.
No, but anyway.
But Pilar anyway set up a trap because she thought that Ben was going to go down there and she hates him.
And she had that guy beat set up a trap and reg-registered.
And guess what? So we went down and not Ben.
And now she's at the bottom and she can't move. She said that she- she can't move her body up.
Oh boy, that poor buzz every time he hooks on to somebody and just- he's bad news.
Exactly. So Drew's over there crying mommy, mommy. And it was quite interesting.
Boy.
So you definitely have to watch it today.
And I think that they preempted this so I could watch Elle Sunshine waving his arms in the bitching out this guy who he's doing some business yesterday.
All those guys were so stupid.
Shame on him. Okay.
Can I give a shout out?
Go ahead.
I just want to say to Joe, you're still a douchebag.
And don't forget Billy, God.
Exactly. See ya.
Bye.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless lab. We're getting lunch from Atlantic City Sub today, aren't we?
And we are. Excellent. We love Atlantic City Sub. We love them profusely.
And sure hope that our good buddy Brad and Tony's yesterday to land off his business because they were smart enough to stay open.
They sent over 40, 50 pieces for us yesterday.
Hope that they made a fortune yesterday because like I said, if you had a brain, you'd stay open.
And if Al Sunshine came over with his crew on his microphone and tried to bite you, you'd break his legs and kick his ass out.
And say, go mind your own business, fatso.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Coral Springs.
Sounds dead to me. Sounds dead as a door.
Let's try Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi, I'm a surf fan. I went surfing and staying in front of my house around 71 sheet.
Uh-huh. And I'm here a couple of buddies of mine who were out there in the water.
We saw like cops just screaming and yelling at us.
And all of a sudden we just like get out of the water, get out of the water.
We got out of the water and like, oh, we're going to give you $50 ticket because the beach is closed.
And I looked up in this guy and not a cloud in this guy.
$50, yeah.
Yeah. And that's what I said. And I said, the ways are like beautiful, man.
And what's the problem is like, no, I guess if you're the beaches are closed, our Alphan Shines said that.
Yes, and that, you know.
And so we said, all right, we're going to leave.
And then we just got our cars and went to all over beach.
There you go. All the fun story. And every other channel 7 news and everybody were there.
So we say, hey, they're during the party.
Yeah. We're now in a surf the whole day.
Dwight Lauderdale says, buddy, he had a good time.
Yeah, fun time.
Okay, sir.
Yeah, Dwight Lauderdale, man. What will you have to talk about all afternoon if you wouldn't have had every five,
every two and a half minutes, like I said, every 40 seconds, they're going back to footage again and all over beach.
All these people have it a good time.
And if I were to just had if we just had a window here and I could look outside and see just how pleasant it was and a sun was shining, I would have said, all right.
Everybody go on down there.
And then of course, they would have come in here and dragged me out.
That's what they would have done for, you know, sparing civil disobedience.
The mayor would have probably got the, you know, the metro data assholes in here.
And believe me, there's plenty of them.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Papino. Hello.
Papino.
Yeah, hi. How you doing now?
Pretty good, sir.
Good. I'm Sam and I was calling before.
We went down to me, my buddy, my son.
We went down to Papino Beach yesterday.
Yeah.
And they closed off every bridge, all these cops, but they just one cop said stop, one cop let us through.
So we started going down to Papino Beach.
Two cops standing over, over, I thought I'd say half a mile down the beach.
We decided to go boogie board and surf in over there.
14 year old son, he wanted to go.
So they, it was kind of calm though.
I mean, we went down the beach real fast.
The cop comes over to us, gave us a ticket.
Really?
Yeah, we got a $50.
He's just got $50.
He's 14 years old.
How could you do this? He's 14 years old.
Then another cop came over and said, I'll leave him alone.
You know, if you were off duty right now, you'd be in that water too.
That's right.
So we sat there.
Related to be cruising the tea rooms there by the beach.
All right. It was beautiful out there.
Okay, pal.
All right. Great job.
Everybody had a good time.
Okay. And at least to those people that had enough balls to just say, we've told you a porkers out there, all you fascists.
Go worry about something important.
Okay. Go worry about the looters that were getting ready.
And we again, want to apologize to all the looters who got screwed up again.
They had all their plans. They had their maps out. They had only a code numbers.
Everything was all set to go and they got screwed again.
Damn it.
1209 is 560. You were splitting station QAM.
This is 560.
QAM.
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
Real men have hairy chest.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
Real men like to watch Baywatch.
I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
What? I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
Hello?
Real men don't listen to Ricky Martin.
Sorry, pal.
Shit.
Mr. President, I'm real men.
Anybody know his real man listen to the Backstreet Boy?
I love 14 at 560 WQAM.
Schedules almost back to normal.
The way I've racing it called today.
No.
Pop it up park tonight.
No.
Have we had any word by the way from our sales department about any of these matters?
No.
No.
No.
Here it is, it's afternoon.
After noon.
It's 1215 in the afternoon.
The day after the big blow, which never took place.
And if we had any communication from any of our sales holes about any of these things?
No.
So when I tell you all the time that these people just don't care, trust me when I tell you.
I'm not exaggerating and I'm looking to make trouble.
I'm just telling you exactly the MS the way it is.
Whatever that means.
Here's Sonny Isles.
Hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Great when you asked me, was your buddy Brian Norcross?
Yeah.
Now they were cutting over to him.
The one woman goes instead of taking away Brian, she goes blow it away Brian.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, how do you have to write on that?
Hey, during the hurricane we were watching the doors.
The doors movie.
Yeah.
And like in 69, we around here then went more and got arrested to go in this thing.
No.
And one more thing.
You know what they need to put on the hurricane watch is how to keep the weed drive.
That's the only thing they don't tell.
We're going to tell it.
Of course not paying the wanting.
It's very safe at the airport man.
Yeah.
Okay, see you over there at MIA.
See you there with a ramp rats.
You know what we're talking about?
Yeah, I'm fine.
How about you do?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Pomp 5, 60.
Jimmy Johnson says just say to American Airlines, Neil Rogers says just say to American Airlines.
Anybody with a brain says just say to American Airlines.
Unless you got some old tickets that you have to swap for some future day and you can't get your money back.
That's the only time that I'll do it.
And I got a couple of those deals where I've canceled earlier flights.
And I got to swap them in for a future date, which hopefully by then maybe they might actually get a flight on time once a week, but I doubt it.
That's our poor question today.
What's the last year that American Airlines had any flight that landed on time?
18, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pomp 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Don't forget our buddy Sam's out there in the QA and Van.
He's got a card on right now.
Sam douchebag our promotions, man.
That's right between 1230 and 130.
He'll be out there at the Shell gas station and Margate at 505 North State Road 7.
He'll be at Fairbank's Dodge between 2 and 3 PM with his card on.
And you have a chance to register to win a pair of infinity bookshelf speakers or a harman card on back, which includes a receiver and infinity speakers plus dolphins and Marlins tickets to dolphins tickets to.
There you go.
Probably on the outside, but you never know there might actually be some on the inside.
I'll see he's going to be on that's right. He's going to be up there and browing doing this.
I sure hope that the turgidity police don't see the Sam's got a card on.
Here's a Pember pine. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes. I want to talk a little hockey with Neil.
I'm wondering why Peter Whirl is up in Quebec and not working out with the Panthers right now.
Who said that?
As far as I'm as far as it's true.
Is it not true? Is he down here now?
Who told you that?
I just see it on the Panthers website that he's up in Quebec.
It's not true.
Is he here?
Yes.
Oh, that's good to hear because you know they're going to be playing on the yes on the second.
The first or second line in the exhibition game in Knoxville in Tennessee.
What is that, Marnight?
Marnight.
Uh-huh.
You know what I can't.
Well, wait a minute. Let's see.
Are we carrying that game tomorrow night?
Yes, we are.
715 to 11 o'clock on Waxie on 790.
Do you know what the channel is on TV at all?
Not on TV.
You think exhibition games are on TV?
Not our.
I thought maybe sports channel might.
I'll know.
No, they're not on.
Although there's a, um, I think the red wings had a ranger's throwing either on somewhere.
Now call someone to do shbag.
Go ahead.
Brian, the North Cross Dresser.
You're a douche bag.
Okay.
5, 6, 7.
We got 200 open lines now.
All of a sudden we've been rolled along here today.
And we haven't had too many apologies from the people.
You know something.
I just don't understand you people.
Here was Albertsons wide open.
And though I'm not, I mean, Albertsons is okay.
They had a pretty good select.
The most stuff except the bread that was cleaned out and of course no water.
But who wanted that anyway?
And they were very nice and they were very friendly and the price was right.
And I spent about 40 bucks on groceries.
And like I said, there is 40 bucks I spent in there that I never would have gone in a million.
And I'm only one person, okay?
I'm just one schmuck.
You can imagine all the people that went by.
All of the Albertsons yesterday and unloaded their cash or whatever they had in stock.
What's the problem?
And remember the truck driver that called me yesterday said, oh, well the public's people.
They won't let us truck this.
What's that guy put into it?
I think I'm sure that there was stuff on the shelves.
Right?
So they're cleaned out of bread and water.
Bigs think indeed you can get that in prison for Christ's sake.
What's the big deal with bread and water?
You know?
Some of us want something a little more exotic like that.
There might be a little bit in juries would be great, you know?
Like they had a good selection last night at Albertsons.
And maybe whatever.
A little pasta, a little meat, a little something, a little sustenance to put in your
pus since people got to eat.
Even the day after her came that we didn't get hit by.
I just don't understand you guys.
Oh gee, you were understand as a hurricane warning.
There's nothing going on.
Okay, Al.
And Mr. Mayor Pingak, there's nothing going on.
It's the all clear.
You know how they have the air raid serons?
And I know they used to do this too.
They have an all clear serons that tell what do they do that on?
Is that for like fire?
Have you ever heard that?
Maybe that was during the war.
They did that in like in London or in England.
Yeah, when they were dropping bombs, then they would have an all clear serons that they would blow.
When they lasted the lost bombas were on the ground.
Yeah, I think that's where it must have been.
Or maybe I just dreamed it.
But what's wrong with that?
Why couldn't they just have a bunch of serons go off the...
Okay, no need to panic anymore.
Wouldn't that have been a breath of fresh air?
It would have been sweet.
Then everybody could have grabbed their surfboards, their boogie boards, their goddamn whatever they were grabbing,
and going out there and had a good time.
Well, that would have been worried about the dragway by the goddamn surfboard police.
Just because Dwight Lonerdale is an old, funny, dirty son of a bitch who's all been out of shape.
And you're not fooling us Dwight.
Okay, you were loving it, baby.
You were loving it.
And I could have crossed side bits that was on there with you guys were loving it.
Because that's the only thing that gave you any material.
There was nothing else going on.
That was it.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello.
Uncle Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Yeah, I'm surprised you didn't say anything about Tom Jicke's article in the Sun Sentinel about the same thing.
Didn't see it.
They were talking about Tony Cideretta was having a big pipping about the same thing as far as the showing the beaches.
And he wasn't going to do it or he wasn't going to let them do it.
But the station decided to do it because all of the competition was doing it.
Where is this in the Sun Sentinel?
I don't remember.
I'm not at home anymore.
It's on like the fifth or sixth page and all of that hurricane garbage.
There's a big article that's a quarter of a page, I'd say, on the right hand side.
Oh, here it is.
Here it is.
Tom Jicke.
Who's the one who has discovered the Spring Radio ratings or our FCC fine?
Nice going, Tom.
Yeah, but then one more thing.
The big waste of tax dollars.
You were talking about not paying the toll.
Well, I just got on a Griffin road.
I have to turn back interest there.
They got the toll collector sitting out there, but not taking any money.
All right.
Let's hear it.
All right.
He's telling me he's going to drop my quarter in the little basket.
Yeah.
Right.
And he says, oh, no tolls.
So they're sitting there making their taking their paychecks, but they're not collecting any money.
Unbelievable.
Hey, Uncle James, working again, any?
That's beautiful.
Yeah.
God, thank God we got so much spear cash.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
I told you in Miami.
Right.
Have a great day.
Thanks. Thanks for the good news.
So yeah, here's Tom Jicke.
He's got a whole big course.
Why?
I'm glad the guy called and told me about it.
I never would have found this.
And the article either.
Well, we're going to have picture of Tom.
His face looks as fat as the whole goddamn country.
They could have dropped.
They could have had the weather map on his push.
Look at him.
Seriously, he looks like a globe of the world now, Tom.
One thing I always said about Tom Jicke.
He's body stupid.
Floyd TV, accurate and excessive, he says.
Better safe than sorry.
However, a little less would have been better yet.
Says Tom Jicke.
At a boy, Tom.
Sounds loaded.
Does he say anything in here?
By the way, about laughing.
Believe that up to Barry Jackass.
And he's got a column of day.
About 1790 on your A.M. dial.
Waffen.
That they're laughing.
Waffen.
They put the Noah Weather Channel on.
From 8 o'clock Monday.
Maybe they still got it on.
Of course, I'd rather hear the Noah Weather Channel.
And here I'm just talking about Brother Fred and the Ranks.
But in any rate, Soundflow to TV News organizations.
Again, provided an essential lifeline of the community during the approach of Hurricane Floyd.
Although there were some typical TV shortfalls and excesses, the coverage of the whole was
thorough, professional and admirably lacking in gamesmanship.
However, the sheer extent of it probably triggered more apprehension than necessary.
Five days out, there were regular Hurricane Bolton, including the most widely watched programs and sports events.
Since Sunday night, there's been virtually nothing else on the news channels.
When television does this, it creates its own alarmist climate no matter how reassuring on their talent tries to be.
And then he goes on and on.
The National Hurricane Center forecast, thankfully, was laser-like in its accuracy.
That's right.
Nevertheless, Channel 4's Brian Norcross,
spread that the tracking model was so accurate that it will fuel a false sense of security in the future.
Although StarCross seemed to be genuinely concerned about the safety of people.
Secure viewers don't watch TV weather reports around the clock.
I'm going on to see if there's anything in here.
TV also stayed too long at the Hurricane Party right time.
It was fairly obvious early Tuesday morning that the greatest danger had passed.
Even Tom Jicke knows that in spite of the fact.
We started, we started.
And he liked that.
Before 8 a.m., Channel 10's Don.
No.
Whose com reassuring approach shown was that shine or stood out reported we're not going to have a major hit.
How do you like that?
Before 8 o'clock yesterday morning, my good buddy Don.
No.
Whose the best within a few hours it was becoming apparent.
So I thought it was not going to have to win.
You're even a minor hit.
Good news is to come.
Some great news, Channel 7's Glory Jennings is exclaimed in early afternoon.
The Marlins have played through worse weather than they are experienced on Tuesday.
Nevertheless, coverage continued in the evening.
The necessity to fill the air without anything substantial to report resulted in a similar faux pas.
And a familiar faux pas and a bunch of crap.
The only place anything visually dramatic was happening was at the beach,
which officials were trying mightily to keep clear and safe.
They're always foolhardy souls who will define nature for the thrill of it.
But the presence of TV cameras turns the few into the many.
At a boy time, I haven't seen all morning long.
Tony Cigaretteau of Channel 6 out early and they wasn't going to encourage these glory seekers by showing them on the air.
Glory, whole seekers.
However, his staff paid little heed to him as the beach scores did to police within an hour WTVJ at shots
from several beaches of people tempting faith.
Why not?
Every other station was doing it.
Some were even interviewing the foolhardy.
This will only serve to increase such adventurism next time.
Sooner or later, somebody's going to lose his or her life trying to be seen by the folks at home.
It will be a steep price to fill air time that doesn't need to be filled.
Let's hear it for Tom Jicca.
Oh, it's a boy Tom.
God damn it.
This boy is stupid.
Yeah.
Too bad he didn't write a thing about Al Sonsha.
Maybe he didn't see that.
Oh, I'm going to do another five hours on Al Sonsha.
I'm refusing to leave today.
Until I have it all out of my system what an asshole he is.
Giving people a lecture because they had the audacity to stay open while the summer shining and people were hungry and wanted to buy stuff.
How do you like that?
You got some up and nerve man.
Mr. Businessman to jeopardize the lives of these people and coerced and he must ask this guy the same question 18 different times.
About his employees and the guy kept saying they're here voluntarily.
Nobody is here now who wants to be home or doesn't have all their preparations done or whatever all their drink and done.
Whatever.
And that was never sufficient.
He kept asking he kept hockin his arms and hockin the same crap.
Next time that happens I'm going to tell you right now we're going to pay somebody to beat the living crap out of him right there on TV right on Channel 4 news live.
We'll get Tom Green to bring a crew down.
We'll get a public to come down.
And a big black guy named Ben and just beat the snout on the L. Son Channel to guide them baseball bat and the craft everybody in town.
They got something really good came out of this storm.
Too bad it had to be Ellen Funt you know 26 past noon at 560 WQ I'm Jimmy Carter is looking for miracles the former president is trying to push.
Plus in Bosnia and now Dr. Jeremy Burnham will give us a dramatic reading of pretty fly for a white guy.
By the offspring Dr. Burnham who know dose Chris quadro single single safe.
Yeah he needs some cool tunes not just any will suffice but they don't have ice cube so he bought vanilla ice.
Now cruising in his Pinto he sees homies as he tags but if he looks twice they're going to kick his Lully.
Now he's getting a tattoo he's getting ink done he asked for a 13 but they drew a 31.
Friends he's trying to hard he's not quite hip but in his own mind he's the dopest trip.
Give it to me baby.
Give it to me baby.
Give it to me baby.
Give it to me baby.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Yeah, y'all we asked for.
I ask for a some more applause he's making out for.
They're not gonna stop. I'll tell you who's the worst at that is the weather channel
I mean they do that constantly because they cover the whole country of course
So anytime there's a bad storm of any kind they got some poor bad usually Jim can't toy
They must hate him like poison some guy out there with a goddamn trench code and the end with the umbrella
I'm just getting just and the wind is blowing a guy's practically in blowing the goddamn ocean
And that's their idea of covering a storm so all these channels had a person a reporter in the Bahamas and math on the middle of all this
Yeah, I'm putting on reports. Yeah, I'm you know all the wind is picking up and running rain
That's really been sadistic when you send your people to the Bahamas even with the weather is good. Okay pal. Feel that of me
5 6 7 0 5 60 now. I'm so glad to got called about the time jikka column pretty damn good time
I don't want to hear about that spring rating book and a FCC fine. No, that's okay
We don't want to get any publicity here on QA and because after all that would be bad
Well, I mean it only works here like part time fill in for his racetrack buddy and Kaplan
But I'm not a racetrack buddy. So we sure want to talk about fat Neil anymore. You know what we're saying good
Here's Coral Springs hello
Hey, you know how you doing great?
Well, so I got to complain about those police that were out there
Taxes what I'm having you know and those kids are just trying to have fun. Mm-hmm
I've got a Hawaii and kids out there have sort of been wasted or five times higher every day. I don't give them tickets
That's right. You know it's I guess a lot of have fun in this town. Well, we knew that
Yeah, well, what a shame, you know, what a waste of tax dollars
Like I said, I feel really guilty because yesterday I was getting sucked into all the hype from Dwight Lauderdale about people
jeopardizing their lives as if there was some big storm coming and I as soon as I walked out to do I felt like an idiot because I walk out
Here to my car and a sunny shining and I was a handful day. Yeah, yeah, I was gonna go to beach myself
Hey, men sir, okay, God bless you
We apologize profusely all those people that were just out there trying to ride it okay in a few waves too
Bunch of bullcraft bunch of fascist porkers that we got around here got nothing better to do
I'm surprised how sunshine wasn't leading the pork brigade and arresting people that were trying to open their business yesterday
I
Mean we had we had a hurricane warning now maybe somebody somebody who's a little more familiar with the law
It can explain this to me, but when you have a hurricane warning is that equivalent to like a an emergency
You know what I'm saying a state of emergency did they declare a state of emergency like officially?
I don't know they have to do that to have to evacuate. I don't know how that works
But it would seem to me that unless they declare a state of emergency and they mandate that everybody closed their businesses
They got no business telling you whether you can be open or not
You open up your business. I want to come in and buy some goddamn batteries or buy a goddamn pizza or whatever it is. That's my business
Like prostitution you want to study your ass? What the hell is the government? What's it there business sticking their nose in it?
You know what I'm saying right there other body parts
By the way, how's that prostitution ringing the candle come along?
Well, it was a five-year-old girl's here's temper of pine. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes. I
Welcome about this this morning about nine o'clock
I
Rican suds and they said of the thing was coming back. It's making a U-turn
Uh-huh, and it's coming back about like 7,000 miles an hour. No, and uh, okay
Okay, well Rick's real proud to have you listening to that show. Okay, sir
5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I must be one of Rick's you run the wall buddies, huh?
Here's Miami Beach hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Yes, sir. My name is is Bob. I think I got that and I am glad from FPL is it? No, no, no, thank God. Oh, no, no, good
I have called you before from Chicago, but what I have to say now is this
Very important. It's more important than life and death really. Yeah. Okay, Bob. I do
Know any edge of my seat. I know someone very important named P. Law. Yeah, and I was very surprised that you did not know this
I've never heard of anybody named P. Law
John Wayne's last wife was named P. Law. Oh my God. Are you serious? Oh my God?
Yeah, well his last wife before he did know that's not Marion Wayne that you're talking about his real name was Marion John Wayne
Yeah, I mean Marion. I mean John Wayne the one that we all know and we're born in 1997 his real name was Marion
Yeah, Marion you're right. You're right. Yeah, Marion Morrison. That's right
Right
And he used to like to dress up I hear too, but anyway
Yeah, and she just got married. I hear she was a P. L.R. of strength in that family her name was P.
From some place. I don't know the America Central America God now
That we finally found out that there actually was somebody else in the guiding light wouldn't make up something like that
No, I wouldn't make this up. No, no, not you. I'm talking about guiding light
Oh guiding light. That's what they need to be. Yeah, right. That's why we're stuck in it. That's where they got it. I guess excellent
Okay, and I got one more thing to say. Yes Bob. I went down to next the other day. I went on a Wednesday
They do not give it this kind of on a Wednesday. They give it on Monday and Tuesday
No, I hate to break you that news. But I mean how is that possible? I know that's what I asked them
How I says I've been listening to Neil Rogers for the last four years
I got a right here on my copy in front of me Tuesdays and Wednesdays we've been doing this for a year almost two years now
I don't know how to break this to you but I went down there on
I've got a person to breaking it to me. You better break it to them. I said it better break it to ourselves
I'm maybe break their legs and they broke it into a million pieces with them and I hollered carried on so they finally gave me the discount
They told me don't come on Wednesday for the discount anymore Monday and Tuesday
Okay, we better get it straight now with John penis if we were receiving a thank you Bob. It was a real inconvenience talking to you
Okay, see you okay, I think you just being a jackass
Aller wouldn't surprise me no one of your it's 1240 by the way if we had any communication from our sales department today
No, not any of these things. No, no none zero. Have we even seen any of them? No
So listen missed a goody two shoes screw in our sales manager
Don't come wandering in here some morning again like your famous and do it about once every three months and asking me
Oh, hi, Neil. How's everything going? We missed you so much in your vacation. Don't give me that crap again. You know how things are going
Same as always sweet art your people are famous for at least being consistent doing nothing
Service doesn't exist here. Just give us the ockin money. That's our motto here at QAM
Give us the money. Don't expect no service. Don't expect no results. We just want your money
Okay, because we're big shots and Greg wants to put another notch in his rectum belt
24 1 and 5 60 WQM how to oh god, Neil good morning. Oh David Antibloy. He'll with fee bull corn
And then walked down the street and saw a new restaurant outside the restaurant a sign read where silence is golden
But kind words come with dessert curious. He decided to have lunch there
He was shown to a beautiful table with a white table cloth and fresh cup flowers and was greeted by a very lovely
Waitress. She's simply been the smile and ready to pen and pad. I'll have the stew
He said she took his order and nodded politely and returned with his meal during lunch
She thought about the restaurant's unique slogan when he had finished the waitress just you'd talk the dessert menu
At that moment though we began to feel quite ill no dessert for me. He said holding his stomach
But can I still get some kind words to which the waitress politely responded you look like a very nice man
Who likes to keep happy and healthy? So I wouldn't need to stew
This is David Antibloy with fee bull corn
Health 45 and 5 50 WQ I am had a little bit of drought-busting rain
In the northeast look at that Philadelphia New York more Boston's gonna get a walk away
See redwick's going on it rich man. They're getting all kinds of rain. Why because of the hurricane? Did we get any no?
But if you were open for business yet in fact, you know something if you're open for business today
God is gonna get you baby
Because Al sunshine's pretty pork off about it
And I just dropped the guy to in peace of tomato on my shirt here and I look like a real slob. Okay. Just like I usually do
Oh look at that. I'm munged
Am I upset about that? No no because the subs are so good God
And Latin city subs is like it's the next damn thing and the next best thing to god, you know?
Yeah, good
Don't forget to ask John penis you ever see him again about that thing in next since we'd be the last ones to know
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a lady in Miami Beach. Hello
Hello Mr. Wartus. Yes, man
Thanks for coming in yesterday. It was a great surprise and I was
Thanks for your realistic comments
They are just because of a little bit of wind and rain that never goes wrong. I expected it
Up very late and then I tried I thought you are not coming in
I don't want you around. Well, even on young kipper. I show up. Yeah fantastic
Thanks so much and it really gave me a lot of comfort and I think
The same to many other people
What I wanted to ask you in the mid-60s
An article in the Miami Harrod about feeding
I mean back when it was like almost a real newspaper, yeah
It was in the Miami Harrod about feeding hurricanes and I think silver bromide. I'm not sure which chemicals
And then you know my trade
Pardon yeah, and then they were also stating that many foreign countries are against it because the direction could be
Reverved against them and last night on radio there is archbale. Oh, crazy person. Yeah, sort of five
In the rubber room
Talking about a movie
The big storm and all about talking about manipulating storms. Yeah, do you think there's a chance? No
No, no, and he's a certifiable person. He belongs in a rubber room in a straight. Yeah, yeah
I know that yeah, but in as I mentioned to you like how he's not paranoid though
Yeah, it was not I think little little men from Mars at a one that they started a circuit. Yes
We are just say no to archbale
But there is no no such feeding but I was reading an article in the mid 60s. Yeah, that's what you said and and a lady
As a cause in on a radio show at that time. Okay. Well, listen. I think we got a bad connection
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the ATT well, listen
That's the only way I can get rid of her. She was never gonna say goodbye. I mean, I appreciate all the suck it around and you
We're going well for that first part for my being here yesterday, but that's what they pay me for you know
About that I was all excited. Well, I'd by the way to think about the backseat boys tickets. That started to really frost my ass a little bit
Did I ever hear one word anymore from kid and I am realized they're gonna say oh?
Well, what are you worried about it's not for two more months now
I'm not gonna wait for two more months. I got something in my hand and the tickets too. How do you like that?
Kind of being fine. I wish that I was supposed to go much less. See any tickets
And if this turns out to be another bunch of crap from Gregory Benjamin Reed, I'm gonna really be psychotic
Because if there's one thing that that man knows it's that he specializes in it
Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello
Hey, oh, yes sir. Hey down today great
Just wanted to say thanks to hurricane Floyd for all the hype
uh
For me and all the rest of the process servers and date bow and Palm Beach County
We had the best day yesterday ever could be because they sent everybody home from work
It was nice to go find all those people out in the yard boarding up their houses
Get the hell out great nice going including one dead bees who told me I couldn't serve them because the governor had
declared it a state of emergency
Tell it to the judge right that governor did declare state of emergency right about that. Yeah, he did
Anyway, thanks Floyd looking forward to the next one. Okay nice going sir. All right, let's go get him
Yeah, the governor did of course. We pay the attention to governor. No, so if you wanted to be open at your business
I'm surprised that Al sunshine didn't mention that
Let's get back to Al sunshine again. Shall we hope for another four or five hours
And rip him a well-deserved big fat pimpley disgusting smelly ass
God
I know something somebody somewhere somewhere. I must have a tape of that
Every person in this town before they stick your ass in the ground you must see
That four or five minutes it was the most catastrophic the most grotesque the most unacceptable piece of so-called journalism
In the history of mankind
Just brow-beating and terrorizing and abusing and aren't you feel bad and don't you feel responsible and don't you feel guilty and what's gonna happen if uh
Boy desperate man you people at channel four no wonder angel is always going
like that no wonder
The rumor has it that if they didn't get that fat bitch opera on there that they would have shut the whole goddamn thing down is what I hear
That's what Bob Soaker told me
Here's a mobile in hallowed ale hello
Hail yes, sir
Yeah, tell us the last time I checked it tell sunshine
Oh, well, he should be a bit on himself. He should be standing in front of a big mirror
Right actually a good point sir very good see they don't even know who he is because nobody watches channel four
That's who it is ladies and gentlemen. That's Al sunshine shame on you
Shame on you for being open today on a day when a sunny shining and nothing is going on and nothing is gonna happen
Because Mayor Pingha said that he's very disappointed that people are hyper ventilating and filming it to mouth just because he said they ought to be
See I hate to break the news to you mayor Pingha, but the people have been on the mirror of steerheim long before you were born
They were on the mirror of steerheim
In his town
And then in LA and then of course that's why I had to come running back here with his tell between his legs
Because they booted him out of there and he had to come back here to the scene of the original crime and try to do some more
Like put over that goddamn penny sales tax, which everybody of course said no to vehemently
You think that just because you got one man to yet us standing there our former friend
And mirror steerheim who ain't nobody's friend that people are gonna listen to you man. You gotta be kidding me man
I think it's just because he's a professional Cuban at the Cubans all there every time they look at you they laugh they go
We'll get on we'll get on every time they see you man
Only got to do if you're driving anywhere in date county roll a window down here. We'll get on. They must be looking at the mayor
Or suddenly a message
Here's Hollywood hello. Yeah, sir. Yeah, sir. I just like to express my utter disgust on this wannabe we have here
We're out of county that calls himself a sheriff. Yeah, the man that put the BS in the BS
Did you happen to see him and what they call the emergency operation center? Yeah, I saw him and he bragged and he personally put two people out of a trailer park
One man from walking his dog. Yeah, and another elderly man with a little pimp yet. Yeah, that he made his former daughter
Or come and take him out and bring him to a hospital. I do like that. No nice favorite line from Ken Jenny was when he said it's a lie
I am not that was my favorite
Exactly I left my ass off and he told him if they didn't he personally would write the summons to the citation to them. Yeah
I'm impressed nice guy. Yeah, him and he ever see him in the herebond gering together by the way
What I was gonna ask you do you ever see the resemblance between he looks like a bomb at a Joseph Gackie right good point
Or Joseph Kerbels one of the other okay have a great day sir
Five Joseph gerbels is that what he said gerbels? Oh, he said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line and don't forget
Joseph Gackie sucks okay, okay
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I just want to tell you a quick story
My husband works in a supermarket. Uh-huh. They were open all day yesterday
He went to work at his normal time from four to midnight and the customers in there were thanking him for being there
Right of course. So in closing our sunshine blow this nice job sweetheart. Thank you. We should have had a million calls like that today. Okay
Leave it to me as usual. I'm the emotional one in this town the rest of the people are a bunch of jellyfish
We should add 50 million calls from people that went out and bought things yesterday
And let me say thanks to my people at the Amico station who are great folks there by the way on the sunrise by flamingo
Thank you for keeping a food mart open to tide me over there for a couple of hours till we went to Albertson and thanks to Albertsons
For being a supermarket that really does stay open 24 hours. There was no emergency yesterday
There was no excuse for anybody to be closed up yesterday. That's there to serve the public. That's therefore stuff that we need
You know, it's bad enough that on the goddamn Goya shahalates these places closed down their doors shut
New Year's Day and Christmas Day every time some excuse comes along
Then all of a sudden they become real a pious and devout and religious and it closed up the whole 24 hours
So even if you're starving to for some sustenance for some something
Oh, no, sorry, we can't open today. It's a devout holiday. That's so much of bullcraft. There ought to be a law that's supermarkets. They're open every goddamn day
Just like there ought to be a law that not only they have to have a goddamn express lane, but in the express lane not only no checks
But also no credit cards no none of that bullcraft
There's nothing worth to get in the express lane with your 11 items pretending to be 10 or whatever it is and trying to you think you're going to get out of there in a hurry
And it says no checks how about cash only and none of this of vouchers everybody now has got some kind of a goddamn card deal
They're swiping it and they're wiping it and they're sticking it back to that too
Express means express
I know it's a it's a foreign language here in this town, but how about some service, huh? How about some real service for the public
Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot where it was for a second
12 to especially here at the station service. Is that an RV vocabulary by the way? No
We have 20 dictionaries in the building and if you look at any of them the word service has been
It removed
It's been blacked out not white it out blacked out. Oh by the way Schroger said good morning this morning
And thank you, and she also said you know Paul Casper Nova. He's an asshole 12.56 at 5.60 W Q.A.M
You
But
We swear we're not gay if you want
These outfits are crimes
They will take your eyes
We got names
We swear we're not gay
We look like kids in a diamond
We sing like a bunch of silly fighters
But we're straight, our agent says we got a say
We swear we're not gay
I'll break your stand just where we're old girls
You're secret as you as you be
Yeah
As they just hold us they all figure out
Where hiding our latency
One thing is for a sure-again
Let nature lead you
Was a close one of the deadly fighters
Don't you feel the love that she's been through
My heart goes up the day
We think that we should better say
We swear we're not gay
I swear we're not gay
One of three of five fifty WQM sweat with the...
They're giving actually noon advisory's now on her arcane
How do you like that?
So there's just every three hours
There may be hourly though
Thirty point one north is the latitude, 79.1 west is the longitude
It's 245 miles south of Mertle Beach, South Carolina
It's moving 125 miles an hour
The pressure is 946 millibars which means
Well that's why you got 125 mile an hour maximum winds instead of 155
And it's still moving north northwest at 14 miles an hour
But more and more in north all the time
More and more in north all the time
Looks to me like north Carolina is going to get again
Let's hear it
Not that we don't like you people up in north Carolina too much
But better you than us
We'll send you some of batteries
And then we'll pee in the water and send them up there
Hey they're used to it
56670560, 0560 on the 18T wireless line
Here's Miami shores, hello
New
Yes sir
I wanted to tell you about the Dunkin' Donuts being open on Miami Beach
Yeah
It's so crazy because the only thing that the cops allow up
And if they're stupid Dunkin' Donuts
They can shove their places for all of them
That was great
That was the greatest call of the year
Okay, it's a hit with an S
56670560, 0560 on the 18T wireless line
So the Dunkin' Donuts probably the one all the roads was open there, you know
They want to get those donuts too soggy but nevertheless
Gotta keep a big smile on the aporker's push
Here's Miami, hello
You bring sunshine to my days
I can tell you a couple items, you know
Yes sir
The lady that called, I don't know, about an hour ago saying
That if you lay in the mud next to the alligators
Nothing would happen to you
The hurricane in 1926 kills over 600 people in South Florida
And there were no high rises then
Oi
Another thing
If you think the media have made you know what they always do here
I mean the English speaking media
You would have to listen to the Cuban radius
I can even begin to imagine that
They have prevent leading when the sun is shining
It's worse than that it was really unbelievable
And a mayor is not mayor what you call this mayor pinita
So you know treat him right
You're cruel with him though because he's not a bull that wrong
The reversible that wrong
Okay, him and Ricky Martin
He's a good catcher
Bottom feeder
Okay thanks
So why should it be just
Okay, see you
Bye
Kind of like Babe Ruth
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line
Now they affect the sandwich tell me that they tried to hook up Jordan Knight and Ricky Martin
And they got into a bitter fight about the bottom
So they decided to go together to the gym at bitter bottoms place
Here's a Tamara, hello
Neil
Yes sir
I want to ask your question
Oh wait a minute they got one of the weather channel guys with his blue rain trench
Up there in Charleston, South Carolina almost getting blown away on a year go ahead
I think when mayor pinita stands in front of the TV cameras we know what he's trying to accomplish
But since you're an expert on ratings and so forth
What do these local TV stations gain in either money or ads or fures or career moves
Or whatever appearing with Dan rather
What do you mean by career moves?
Look at the Miss North Cross
He became not just the weather fairy
He also became a news anchor made all kinds of demand got himself a lot more money
That's what they're all hoping for they're hoping to be there in the middle of the big one
So somebody will notice them they'll get a lot of publicity and now all of a sudden they're a star
Look at all the people that cover the OJ trial and all of a sudden like John the what's his name on the MSNBC Gibson
And all these other people great of unsuspecting, Eva Brown all these people
Do you believe these local stations do get exploited of that like this for their own personal benefit?
Of course you bet
That's what they're all about is exploitation
You know what the key is whenever there's an event on like a war show or a football game or whatever
These stations and they all do it they all use those crawlers across the bottom of the screen
Stay tuned for the 11 o'clock news
They're constantly promoting because they want to lead an audience
Oh yeah
So if it's not about money what is it about?
Well listen every one of these channels had like on channel 10 which we had on all the yesterday
Because of our incestuous relationship plus I like to know but anyway the crawl across the tough live local late-rate things
I mean you talk about crash and commercial how about dropping at crap just one time
We know you know you got your logo on there we can see whether it's seven or ten or whatever it is
We know what we're watching and the stop being so goddamn crash and commercial that they can't do it
Do you think they're able to do that more in software than because of the transient nature of the country?
No they do it everywhere
You don't think there's so many new people here all over?
No they do it everywhere
The media is it's a warehouse
All right thanks Jeff
And have a great day
In fact like I said so many times if Tanny Faye had to be the one to say
The media is sick and they talk badly
If she had to be the one to tell you what does that tell you about the whole deal huh?
God
Look at that thing moving there look straight north now
I just saw that last move up there as it darted toward the Carolinas
Look at that
Oh man that thing is going to go smashing into North Carolina like a grant for Richmond man
Woo
Take a puke at that
Now the problem with this wind wise of course is very bad because we've got extensive damage for category three almost extreme for a strong three
And right now we don't think it's going to change much in intensity before landfall that couldn't weaken a little
But we do have the Gulf Stream right off shore and we think that might keep it as a strong category three all the way to all the way
To the coastline time frame I as I just mentioned to you later tonight or early tomorrow
And that course it depends also on exactly where it makes landfall along the coast because the coast angles up toward the northeast
Yeah, see that's a problem when you stick it out like that in North Carolina
Now see Florida's like way way west of the eastern shore of North Carolina they're sticking it out there
Sometimes when you stick it out you got real problems man gets blown away
It's a nine minutes after one at five sixty WQM hate
And I'll put it stuck if you can't get enough of the likes of Dr. Laura how about this
Oh Dr. Radio
That's right. It's nothing but those syndicated self-help talks to help you agonize twenty four hours a day
I mean please turn it off and check stupid all Dr. Radio
We knew you'd be excited. Thank you. I just got to join around following Dr. Lauren Dr. Dr. Will
Dr. Sue Dr. Dr. Dr. Dooblittlin Dr. Dre Dr. Hook and Dr. T and wrap it up with foot advice from Dr. Show
What are you doing?
It's just me you shut up and stupid all Dr. Radio
Hey if you think you're already sitting up stations you play nothing but music well you don't know
Because we're gonna put you over the next one on all Dr. Radio
Oh my goodness it's a new advisory like every two minutes it's coming up with another one
I want a clock advisory then we'll have a one fifteen advisory and a one twenty five I didn't even look up fast enough to see that
Here's a fact that I asked kind of an interesting question was it mean when a hillabilly has drool pouring down both sides of his mouth
Answered the trailer is level
Not too bad especially when that storm going to hit North Carolina
Nothing but about your Yahoo's in the Cubans up there
Is there any difference by the way?
No. Sorry for being redundant
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Zephyr Hills hello
Hey Nail how you doing?
Pretty good sir
Last night I was listening to a CBN the Pat Robertson and he asked us to pray for the storm
And when I got up this morning I had to storm the storm of Hurricane
Yeah
And when I got up this morning I noticed a projected path was right over North War for headquarters R
And I feel my prayers were answered now
Great excellent
Yeah and anyway I enjoy your show and a lot of material
And thanks for the good news
Bye
And I'll pray for where them
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's pray for all the goi and come on let's do it now
Let's pray for all of our bison of goi and we're going to convert the world so we can be all as just as ignorant and primitive as they are
And thickened the stone age
This overhead by the way is something strange with it
Have you noticed that now you haven't noticed it because you're sitting in there
5 6 or maybe it's just me maybe it's that 20th sandwich that put me over the edge but I love this stuff
Oh Atlantic City subs God bless you people God
I mean there's some stuff that's good and then there's stuff like this that just
makes you feel like you had an orgasm on your tongue so to speak
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
That's what Brian said
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale hello
Watch off and go
Hello
Yes
Neil
Yes ma'am
Yeah one good thing came out of all this
Yes
No turnpike told
Uh-huh
Why is that a good thing
Oh, it's around the turnpike and we don't have to pay
Yeah, yesterday I can understand that but why today? I mean isn't the sun shining today?
The sun shining it's beautiful out
Right
That's our government for you
And you understand that they're going to lose a lot of revenue and they're going to say oh well you know the storm cost us a lot of revenue
And now we're going to have to raise your tank they're not just going to lose all this money
They're going to find some way to squeeze it out of us
Of course
Crazy people
Okay, so I know
Good luck
I couldn't believe that you could knock me over with a goddamn feather duster this morning
I saw it yesterday and it was fully expected and you know that makes sense you know no
Tooltakers working over there risking their lives in those stupid boots with the glasses
That are remember what happened to sunny on the causeway
That's right
But today
Today to think that it would be possible that they're not operating the goddamn toll boots
And then they are pingo he'll be on there again on Friday. Oh gee we're short on the we don't know we're going to get the money for the transportation
And we'll have to have another election and what are we going to do?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady mobile in Miami hello
Hi Neil how are you?
Great
I don't know who to trash first channel seven or may or pingo
Go ahead
Okay well panels
All right thank you channel seven if you look at their graphics now the storm is still sitting off of Miami
Even though it's battering South Carolina
Right
They still have it sitting off the coast of like Miami and West Palm Beach it hasn't moved at all
The eye of the storm is east of Georgia
Yeah I know but if you look at channel seven when they do their new thing it's still sitting off our
Maybe they're trying to bring it back
I think they are
And it may or hurricane
The storm is way far away and he's still telling everybody in Miami
Oh you know we're not going to do anything until five o'clock we could be experiencing severe weather
Yeah it's not incredible
I love it
He was so he was so heartbroken that people weren't psychotic because he told us
Yeah I know and Rollins said I'm it's God I'm sorry Neil you're not the only one
Okay
Love you
See ya
What does that mean?
She's got a crush on Roland Stuttinan that's it well I don't have no crush on Roland Stuttinan okay sweetheart whatever that means I don't know what that means
I said he did a very good job and he did not as good as done no but he was very good
And even Miss Kamala right channel seven I'd go on Billy boy
Is that what they call him Billy boy?
No
Billy something
560 7 0 5 60
Pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line
I thought Roland Stuttinan did a great job but then it was a little put off when somebody called it and said
Yes, the Monday he was carrying on about God and the Lord and praying some crap like that which maybe they got made it up
Maybe that was Brian doing a voice
Here's North Miami hello
Neil how are you sir
Great great just a couple of things
Mia Pinga about his expertise and where he is an expert in hurricanes
And also remember now archaeology remember about the circle
And also murder
Certainly circle he knows about it's called a circle jerk that's what he knows about
And you remember the murder investigation the coolant he's an expert in murder investigation
Right
But my best is my favorite quote from the last couple of days though from the local people
Brian North Cross on Monday
I guess he was a set that the track showed it taking the current turn
He was talking to Max Mayfield from the hurricane center
Yeah
He read it Max he reminded him that he was wrong last year about hurricane George
It took a little it took a little turn when he went into Keys and he reminded him
You know you were wrong last year when you track in other words he was just trying to say
Hey I hope it really kind of comes this way
Later on Monday night I'm sorry the lady likes Roland Steadham but he's in the world
Because at all Neil he said on Monday night he turned to the camera very seriously
And he looked out and he said folks I'm afraid we're staring down the bell of a cannon
Aimed directly at us
Now Mr. Non-Height Mr. you know this is a person supposed to be calming us right
And then yesterday Mr. Rick Fanchairs after everything was over and the storm was moving up the
Out of the coast and everything and he was showing traffic jam from Central Florida
Rick Fanchairs says into the camera folks there's no need running away from it
Because the storm is so big that it knows where you're going to
Yeah
Unbelievable
That was profound okay have a great day pal what have you said
What are they talking about over their own channel so
We're not talking about women
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T YVUS long rural and along we made it
We're rolling Steadham along
We made it we survived it in spite of all the doom sayers all the doom and gloom people
In spite of the fascist yesterday they wanted to screw up your good time even more than usual
And let me say it again Al sunshine the interesting part of it is most of these people don't even know who he is
They're saying oh is that that the chubby guy that's always waving those ham-hawks and acting like an asshole on shame on you
Yeah that's the asshole that's the guy we all know
He's an asshole
The honor shadow of a doubt
In fact you know something how come it took me it's only being based on his last guy suggestion it took me this long to do it
Yeah
Long overdue man
I want to tell you a story about the brand new world's big and that's
Oh
It's a brand new story about the brand new world's big and that's
Oh
Yeah
His name is Al sunshine and he's a new world's big and that's
Oh
All right
I think I'm just going to do that the rest of the show just keep playing that over and over again he is I'm serious
I'm just blown away
The hurricane was supposed to blow us away that didn't happen but I'm blown away by his performance yesterday
At least 20 years for overacting I mean the interrogation the
Guilt trip the whole of the the got them a thing there that he whatever that thing was that he did besides embarrassing
You're a jackass Al you're an idiot you're a goddamn dinosaur
Here's a mobile in homestead hello
Mobile in homestead
Hello my own yes sir sounds like you yeah afternoon
Whatever my name yeah
Anyways you know my comment is on this is on the definitely on the music
Sorry channel 4 definitely it's got to be the worst new station I've ever seen in my life it is
They even had the gag and the June old lady and I used that guy looks like he's been was he was he a victim on here
Of she more some cuz he was sewn together. Uh-huh and
Prune head he's horrible and Angela
Ray or whatever her name is don't get her no lip definitely don't give her no lip a lot of Dale
He looks like he is got a bunch of formality important in
Christie Krueger with those cross-site and Tony Sagrado and the other one they definitely suck my closing comment is
Definitely like a man that says only Miami only in a banana report. Okay pal. I see him that's what he says
Oh my god this place just just for a real newspaper what we would give for like some real news people on there
Even though he was stiff and he was boring and he was dull and he was like
Ralph redneck boy those of you are a little bit around long enough to remember old Ralph redneck and even dig bull-back and bishop
At least you looked at her
Yeah, and not not right after a meal
You looked at her and you thought well here's somebody and maybe she's got some idea what she's talking about you know
She doesn't gonna take any crap. She not to some other quizzling. That's hanging on for a job
That's what Sandy said
Here's a model and Davie. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you why in our class was still pathetic
He was
hyperventilating and getting all everybody in a panic
I even teased a tease someone about it and they get all upset every time I do and that
Whatever you just said okay listen have a great day
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless long long here's a mobile in the Miami Beach hello
Hey, I do a meal. Okay, sir. I was calling how come no one's mentioned anything in regards to
God having anything to do with
Sending that trough no one's called regarding that because I've missed
I tell that to the people and the Avicle Islands and see what they have to see
Yeah, no exactly is one thing I was telling my wife because she's still you know she's still religious
I'm not I'm thanks to you, you know well, thanks to you and before that actually
But I was telling like
Exactly I was telling her how come if God is so powerful, you know
I'm the potent whatever you want to call that he has a part to do whatever he wants he's sending such a well
Not sending or making but how come he's allowing this
Storm to develop so big that can and possibly you know could have destroyed basically
If it would have hit us it would have destroyed it because he likes teasing us a lot
Yeah, I like the guy today. He's the sadistic God. It's always doing these things. Well, I just wanted to throw that out there
See if these idiots, you know, they want to want to call in and now you got the wrong crowd for that sir
Thank God have a great day. Good one. Yeah, bless you. We're praying for you. Okay. We're praying for you
Like I said those kids out there in the in Denver could have been a lot worse
But God was looking out for for most of them not for all of not for that school teacher
And after that girl that said she believed in God. Oh, he didn't he didn't get it in time
Now Superman he could intercepted the bullet
But God he works a little bit slowly because he's busy betting on Monday night football
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 126 at QA and
Oh man, what's up with you'll go from a spokeal?
Hi, I'm the power Kelly and I'm dead
Not some kind of doctor
Damn it, but if you don't want to be dead and you don't smoke
Exercise you'll never die
And that's where I come in
Damn it with my new chain of exercise facility that call the he's dead Jim
By the way tells chatter as live says thanks for the dive and listen
And that reminds me of one other thing that ever he's dead Jim we feature an Olympic fast pool in the
He's dead Jim that's where he provide a permanent on your head to test your underwater breathing skills
You don't want to wind up looking like Neymor why at that point it aired you
Bade yourself right in to the
Dead
Okay, one thirty one and five sixty WQM peep the chronic export off taxes me some pretty answers in crap
Where does an Irish family go on vacation a different bar
Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a retarded baby they named them something Wong
What would you call it when an Italian has one arm shorter than the other?
My speech impediment
What does it mean when the flag at the post office is flying at half-mast?
They're hiring
Why aren't there any Puerto Ricans on Star Trek?
Because they're not going to work in the future either
Did you hear about the dyslexic rabbi he walks around saying yo?
Oi
What do you call an Alabama farmer with a sheep under each arm?
a pimp
Why did drivers education classes in right next schools use the carolty on Mondays, Wednesdays and Friday?
Because on Tuesday and Thursday the sex ed class uses it
What's the difference between the southern zoo and an ortheran zoo?
A southern zoo's got a description of the animal on the front of the cage along with the recipe
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say oh the f-word?
Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady the L bingo
And what's the Cuban national anthem?
Roll roll roll your boat. I'll ride. That's a line. Oh wow
sold to you
Some of us green goes we know from that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t wireless. Thank you people seeing a couple of years
Here's a mobile in pompano. Hello, like I said there's Josh Friedman. We'll smell you in a couple of seconds
mobile in pompano. Hello
Why did he close the door on the way he's on the inside? Why is that?
This is this is what he does. No, close the door with you on the outside. That's the way it works
No, it's not a joke. It's serious. Let laugh on the outside close the door with you on the outside
5 6 7 0
He's still standing there. Josh Friedman is standing in the doorway on the inside. Okay. He evidently didn't get the message
See you Josh. Bye
See ya out out out out of yours. Are we there to you? Don't take it personal unless you want to oh god. It's too late
See ya. Goodbye close the door with you on the outside close it nice and tight. Okay. Shut it. You smelly thing you
What was that all about? This is what he does. This is him. This is why he's so well loved
In this place the smell is the best part about it
between him and Peter Leonard and Todd Dreck and John Penis and Fatboy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's pompano. Hello
Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Great
Nice jokes. How about him? Yeah
In
Great. They're going to all right. Good call one of the sports nerd shows. Okay, Jack S
And to show you what great sports fans we got in this time. Number one to game on Sunday against the
Arizona insul out yet and number two
They're all calling Hank yesterday instead of saying hey, guess what we kicked the crap out of Denver. Wasn't that great?
Now instead of that they're bitching about old announcers were so prejudiced on the ABC telecast
Same old whining and crying same old lack of understanding about anything that really has to do with the game
Just being like a bunch of little babies. Okay, that's the sports nerds in this time because they don't really understand it. They don't get it
Here's a mobile in hell and Dale. Hello
Brian. I hope the hurricane comes in. Reduce my contract north-cross. Yeah guys. I'm believable
Hey, listen, you know, I was in a home depot the other day. Yeah, I want to talk about the biggest assholes
I watched this husband and wife team walk in there and pull two empty carts up next to all where all the concrete screws were
They're attached in plywood the houses not every box into the cart
To the extra paid for it pulled everyone they can buy as many as they want
Went out on the corner and set up hurricane supplies here. Save time. Don't go to home depot
Oh, now do go to home depot. I got a lot of home depot stock go to home depot. We love home depot boys and girls
Everybody loves home depot go there. I'm just give them all your money
You
Want to get even with these people just go pee on their lumber watch it warp
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line see that's the advantage of staying home drinking a lot of beer
Emergencies as you work up a some wicked leaks
And then you can go and you can pee in your neighbors water all that water that they brought home that they got sitting outside by the
Garage there you can pee in their water and you can pee on their lumber too and watch it warp
Here's four Myers. Hello, and Neil. Yes, sir
You know what Rick's not just this
Okay, that was four Myers like I'm in four Myers. Okay, five six seven oh five sixty all your little specs
You know we're having a wonderful day here today. It's only another 24 minutes
You think we can get through another 24 minutes without a little bunch of silly speak no
I feel so sorry for this community. Okay, I saw those demographics in the paper today
Which I'm not gonna waste my time talking about today. I feel so sorry for us
Can you imagine if we in fact, you know the convenience store that I was talking about yesterday the Schwarzer store
Which I didn't make a pit stop and they were open God bless you. I think they're like Middle Eastern people
When I walked out of there, I thought how come we don't have like more Pakistanis and Indian people like they do in Toronto
They're wonderful people, you know
How come we don't have any more
Fill in the blank, you know, that's right
Well, it was loud because that last bit the level is down in the toilet somewhere that he's dead Jim thing
So is the level on that bit. It's like uh, yeah
No, can't hear
Here's derral hello, a new graph and you know, yes, sir. Well, it was loud
Well, let's try it again. Oh, oh, geez. Sorry
Listen if I had a nick for every guy that says that the dolphin is one of the super boy be a rich man
I'm tired of hearing that every game every year. They win the first year for a game. We're talking at Super Bowl
Where the front running phone is with a bandwagon jumper, you know,
Listen, I thought the news was only just for us to be informed about what's going on
No, the news is to make them a lot of money and get his
Squeeze a big audience and get everybody hysterical unbelievable when it was actually going through the Bahamas
Yeah, you know how they had those reporters in the beach. Oh, and the people saying oh, this is a very stupid thing to do
People shouldn't be doing. It's very stupid
But yet then they go live to a reporter. They have in the Bahamas. Yeah, who looks like he's gonna get blown away into the surf any second
Actually, this is channel seven. They had a lady over in the Bahamas braving, you know
And and when Rick Sanchez was done with the telephone call. I don't know how they did this with the telephone call from the Bahamas
He says that's so-and-so live from the Bahamas
Braving the winds. Yeah, so why is it braving the winds be it we're stupid when we go to the beach?
If it's if don't do as we do do as we say if the media does it then we're being brave and we're being real courageous and being real professionals
But if you do it you're an outlaw and you know go to hell one last thing
I heard you read the article about Jimmy Johnson. Yeah saying that he got mad at america line
Um, isn't it fair to say that if you think there's a hurricane on its way
Isn't it fair to allow people to at least go home and prepare somewhat and after the dangers over okay come back and come to work
Yeah, so why is Jimmy Johnson upset at these people that weren't working when let's say they had the game here at pp part
They would have canceled it
They would have canceled and everybody that would get mad about going to the game
That's a big deal. Yeah, you know, but Jimmy Johnson gets bad because people aren't working
But he said that there were people there that there were other airlines that were operating and that it was American
That just to screw them over what he said. I believe it. Okay. The American could screw up a white dream man
Have a good idea. See you
Just say no American Airlines. Okay, that's our best recommendation unless of course you want to be one of the ramp rats
And maybe get some good drugs unless you want to go shopping and take home a bunch of luggage and see if there's any good stuff in there
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 21 till 2 if you want
I could move琵1 out of my
Here are
What
through
And he's covered with Javier Loha's hair.
Mama said he's off to the beach.
That jacket and some milk made him sleep in the room.
We're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
Josh Freeman.
I feel sleepy too much, but he's not sad.
He's an up funny event.
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
He's a big and screened.
He's got a high belly button.
It's solidified.
The pound.
It is.
Got so bad his got six loadings.
Stewing wrenches while all over the room.
There's staples of pants down his roof.
Thanks.
Just you holding all that greasy old food.
Stay away from me.
Josh Freeman.
I think I dare.
It's pretty much all likely.
I think he does.
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
Come here.
Come here.
Don't get so into it.
Throw the fuse in.
There's a reason something's called the anointole.
Oh, God.
The commercial break just barely started.
Two seconds.
The first start starts up.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
You know what, Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's
Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's
Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's Paulie Boye how's
a riddle for you okay why is wqaam like the mafia i'll tell you why because once you get in
there's never a way out that's right you're in for a life they don't fire anybody they don't
let's say while they might suspend somebody you know what's in a blue moon to make doffy like a real man
you know like the girl bored up yeah i like the girl bored up well that's because she was good looking
she here's a mobile invoker hello yes sir great you know this al sunshine idiot you know what
is an asshole hey instead of going after the little guys the little restaurants what about the
biggest non-essential business that was open yesterday blockbuster video they were open yesterday
every blockbuster i went by boy yeah past but you think al sunshine that's pretty that's pretty
essential isn't it i mean how a day without blockbuster's today without the style sunshine
hey you got to have you got to have your uh you got to have your videos from the hurricane right
yeah got to have that merry pop-ins video to get you through the day and also as far as the tolls go
on the term pipe yeah i've been driving around up and down the term pipe all day enjoying no
tolls and all of a sudden a couple of them my little sunpath beats and it deducts everybody
else is going through so you know al sunshine you're a big asshole you know Brian Norcoff
the sky is falling okay oh that was good i think this guy is hired a channel for
excellent job sir beautiful oh my god this Josh Friedman episode has got me just uh speechless
you know man opens up the door and closes it on the on the behind him and stands there i'm in the
middle of a show and he i stands there and of course the longer he stands there the longer the
aroma is beginning to permeate our entire two little rooms here and amount of incense oh my god
incense is best he looks like a product of incense god and the rumor has it by the way that the
staples are not the staple singers are praying for him let's put it that way that the weight is
making a big comeback here's Jupiter hello oh it's my lord Neil Rogers speaking all right so
i got two things okay i'm a four-generation lardian my grandfather father and mother went to
the one with twenty six and they almost died yeah he was uh he was uh um he worked for flag
he was railroad and when he went down to pick up the World War One veterans in hurricane
the thirty five it was the biggest Andrew the they all died and when they found the train meal it
was two hundred yards from the tracks and not even the saw grasses disturbed that's what the surge
did it just picked that train up and carried it right and uh boy the other thing about the i was
not satisfied yesterday i took a look at i noticed the sawgrashes still where it was the other thing
um the reason i washed my hands in a bathroom it's not because of what's in the bathroom it's where
i've been i've hadn't had a cold in thirty years yeah i touched shake somebody's hand or if i
wipe my face i always use the back of my hand and if i open the door you can catch germs it's only
like a waste station how about if you were gloves where you can clean your hands and last but not at
least yes scowang kennedy the Palm Beach Butler you're not that's all okay you know who that is the
Palm Beach Butler he's talking about yeah we've heard from that you're right he's an asshole yeah to
say the best ten before two we shall overcome maybe we squeaked on by we done it and uh you know
you people over there in the Bahamas all i can say again is it'll teach you to keep ripping off
the Americans okay just don't do it again you notice how this thing just sneaked out very carefully
you know did it's damage over there and uh there's a message in there for all of you lunatics in
Bahamas quit doing it i say let's go to Baloxie that's what i said let's do a show tomorrow on
Baloxie Mississippi for you degeneral gamblers out there in the QAM audience not that we have any of
course speaking of degeneral gamblers you don't have to go to Mississippi you don't even have to go
to Vegas all you got to do is hop in your car and go to Hollywood Seminole Gaming which is now
called of course Seminole Indian Casino of Hollywood
