This is Sports Radio 560 Q-A-A-
What a fucked up job that was!
WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 56050560 toll free for date and browser.
No.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 Q-A-A-
You can kiss my rear end.
You've heard of Barbie and Kid.
Now, from you dropped a bomb on me, brother.
Comes the Larry Flint doll.
Touch Larry's special spot and Larry Flint talk.
Yes, the kids will love the all new Larry Flint doll.
Complete with its very own penthouse suite.
Andy Cab parking space bath.
Larry Flint computer accessories.
So you can dig up all the dirt on your friends and neighbors.
Whether it's true or not.
It's not the prettiest doll you'll ever own.
It's the Larry Flint doll.
But actually, talk!
Wheelchair and SWAT Magazine sold separately.
Yeah!
Alright, it's a minute after 10 at 560WQAM.
So the opening was too low, huh?
That should be our worst problem that the opening was too low, alright?
At least maybe we might have a show.
Had a pretty good show for Monday yesterday.
It was a problem around here.
I got a memo here which I don't know if I'm supposed to read this on here or not.
But he's going to lunch that anyway.
The program director was busy flexing his muscle.
Hank Goldberg suspended two days for yesterday
doing the worst show in the history of Q-A-A.
Absolutely like that.
All you got to do is fart the wrong flavor around here.
That you get suspended.
Hank Goldberg suspended two days yesterday.
And I would agree, by the way, I heard quite a bit of it.
I mean, I've worked with Hank on and off for about 100 years now.
That was the worst show I have ever heard in my life.
And I thought I had Hank cured of that business about blaming.
Didn't I mention just a couple of days ago?
Huh?
I'm supposed to be the leader here.
I'm the veteran.
I said, don't be blaming everybody else for your own.
You do a crappy show.
I mean, if you're going to do a good show and take credit for it,
when you do a crappy show, a horrendous show,
and a embarrassing show, you take the blame for it.
Instead of blaming punky board ops and interns
and guys who were just delivering food,
who were walking down a hallway at the time,
I mean, what is that?
How do you blame a guy who just delivered donuts?
Or it's the guy from Dunkin' Donuts,
his his fault, he's called Suck.
And it's the commercial format.
Two days suspension for the Humper.
So God don't know who's going to show up at
Shu Lestay two today, two o'clock.
I don't know, for a Monday yesterday,
we had a pretty good show.
I don't know what the problem was.
Maybe it's, maybe it was that the continuation play.
And again, the other day, yeah.
The continuation play.
That's what Brian Lewis said.
So let me just tell you this.
When you don't know what you're talking about,
the best thing to do is say nothing, okay?
That's just, and I realized that'll fall on deaf ears,
just like my comment the other day,
about not blaming everybody else for your own deficiencies, okay?
How do you blame somebody else for it?
Continuation play my ass.
Is there any such thing as a continuation play
in the National Hockey League?
No.
But your sui ass, there isn't.
And now, as if it wasn't bad enough to say,
I mean, when you're going to get a bet,
then all I can say to you is,
you're a moron.
You're an imbecile.
Why don't they just play Pinochle out there
after the first three periods
and see who wins the goddamn Pinochle game,
then they can get to two points.
Or maybe one and a half points and a half a point.
How about a, and what is the point?
Oh, that's the question.
You little Jew, you maniac.
Send his ass back to Cornell and teach him something for Christ's sakes.
God, they are at the very least.
They have to strap his ass up to a goddamn board.
And let Lindy Ruff stick his foot and his arm up inside his leg.
No, at least for an hour.
Gary Betman, what they're doing to this game
that I used to love until they're screwing it all up here.
Even Ray Whitney.
Even the great Ray Whitney, okay?
Which we all know if we got a brain that...
Ray Whitney has a pair.
We all know that.
He says, what the hell is this overtime format?
4 on 4?
How about like 2 on 2?
How's that?
Huh?
How about 1 on 1?
How about none on none?
How about the gruelies just go out there
and go up and down the ice, huh?
That sounds pretty good to me.
I just see you can stick one in there and a puck too.
Oh yeah, they're going to at the end of the tie game
starting next season.
At the end of a tie, at the end of regulation
each team will get a point and then they're going to do 4 on 4 for overtime
and if somebody scores a gruel and they get another point.
Oh my god, it's just staggering.
And they did away with a toe and a crease rule now.
The referees are going to decide whether the goal is this loud.
But they still haven't figured out how they're going to enforce
that they have to have another 50 meetings to figure that out.
That's what Bill Tories said because his guy Dan Boatay is around too tight.
They have to have another 700 meetings to figure out
how the hell they do this now.
Instead of just saying very simply,
while if there's goal interference,
and that's the reason the goal went in,
you disallow it and if they have a guy in a crease
had nothing to do with the goal tender, then the goal is good.
They could decide that in 15 seconds.
But it makes too much sense.
And unfortunately, everything the NHL lately does makes no sense.
And I realize, of course, that there's some people on the station
that aren't going to tell you that ESPN screwed the home fans.
The fans there are the Stanley Cup Champion Dallas Stars.
Nice going there, ESPN, you maniac.
That's right.
Dallas, Texas has got the lowest cable penetration
of any major market in America,
only 52% about half of the people there don't have cable.
And Saturday Night's Game was on, of course, ESPN,
which means that the other, you know,
the everybody and their brother down,
it was begging, please, ESPN, make an exception for us.
Let's put it on an over-the-air channel
that people that don't have cable can actually see.
We're going to, when to Stanley Cup tonight,
which they did, by the way, by hook or by crook,
and it was by crook, but nevertheless, they won it.
So let us see the game.
And they said, oh, how do you like that?
As ABC and ESPN already starting their great job,
they're going to do for hockey next season.
Well, we're going to have four weekends
during the regular season as all they're going to show.
So very eventment on the one hand gets all this money,
but he's going to lose all the TV exposure,
only four weekends during the regular season,
then they'll graciously put on the playoffs there.
And see if they can squeeze a few bucks out of that.
I get psychotic when I hear people talking about things
that they know nothing about.
And let me tell you this too, by the way,
since I'm on this role,
the women's soccer is so goddamn popular.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about
they got 78,000 people in the frickin' metal
and to see women's bull-like soccer game.
Who cares?
Does that make it good?
There might be four million people
in the world eating vanilla ice cream right now,
as I'm opening up my lips here, flapping my gums.
Does that make it tasty?
Does that make it delicious?
Does that make it the best?
Who gives a crap?
Like the guy that called about,
just as we're potting up the goddamn morning show here this morning,
what do I hear?
Some lunatic talking about golf.
I would rather be strapped to a goddamn sandwich board
for six hours upside down with nails in my brain
and watch women's soccer at the same time
than hear one more call on this radio station about golf.
And they wonder why they can't buy a goddamn call on these shows?
What the hell are we talking about here?
Golf?
In fact, I got a great idea.
Let's have golf on QAM.
We got a lot of time to start.
We got nothing else going on.
How about golf on a radio?
Rear is a goal and this is a true story.
I told you this,
Rick we were did bowling on a radio in IOD.
Bowling.
Oh, it's a little hot.
Oh, it's a 10 pin.
What a rough break.
I mean, that's exciting on radio bowling, huh?
How about golf on radio?
Oh, yeah.
It's rolling, it's rolling,
and of course you gotta do it very quietly
because you know,
you gotta have that hush to the sound there.
What a clock a crap.
You people with your golf.
Get a life.
Get a brain.
If you want to go out there and play it,
get some exercise, okay?
Go out there and take your goddamn punnage act
Daniels or whatever you're doing.
And get some exercise and have a good time.
But watching other people bet a goddamn ball around
and then getting their little goddamn golf carts
and go tooling up to the next goddamn hole.
Wow.
Or whatever the hell they're doing.
Who cares what they're doing?
We don't want to get back into that again
because we don't want no games playing that game.
I'm serious man.
Some of you people out there,
you're like a death knell of this radio station.
A death knell.
So maybe Hank did have a point all the way down to.
Golf.
Golf on a freaking radio.
And also, and that thing about the last call
that they're in the morning,
show he had a ride in the head.
I have never heard such a suck up job in my life
is those people.
I'm gonna take it.
Joe is probably gonna have to get some prep age
before he goes home this morning.
He's gotta have the source.
Practice.
The history of the human race.
After that suck job, they didn't end this morning.
Huh?
How does one guy have a room for so many tongues
deep inside his neck?
The whole room.
Joe Rose got this morning.
Oh, welcome back.
That's your way worth of crap without you.
How do you know?
And by the way, you were wrong, Joe,
and you were full of crap.
But nevertheless, welcome back.
And man,
maybe that's why it's head blew up like a goddamn balloon.
Like somebody stuck a bicycle pump in the back of his neck
and it blew up like a goddamn good year blimp.
From all that suction.
Jesus.
Joseph and Mary, but anyway.
So calm down, Hank.
Okay, and try to do a good show.
Okay, and stop blaming everybody else.
Stop blaming those 15-year-old kids in there
who are trying to answer your phones.
Stop blaming them for the fact
you did a horse crap show yesterday.
Okay, it was a bad show.
We all do bad shows.
It was a horrible show.
It was bad.
It was embarrassing.
I'm embarrassed for it.
How do you like that?
I'm humiliated for it.
That was funny.
That was, that would have been funny,
but it was beyond funny.
It was tragic.
So try to butcher up a little bit to there.
They'll kick your ass out of the shules
and take away the free food.
Now, listen, I'm telling you, I'm taking a gloves off.
I'm not going to sit here.
Listen, all this bull crap.
This station is such a crap.
I mean, granted, don't get me wrong.
Y'all these right.
I don't care.
I don't want to make it sound like I care about these things.
But tell it like it is.
Must have been that continuation rule.
I like show we we.
Okay, 1015 to 560 WQM.
Here's the Lady and Poor Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
This is the best show in the world.
That's what they tell me.
And you're the best radio.
That's what they tell you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is the first time listening.
My name is Robin Fox.
And I have a show that's going on Saturdays on another station.
And well, let me ask you this, Robin.
Let me let's let's get serious.
Okay.
First of all, you sound like you don't know me
from Moishi Pupak.
Okay, I have no idea who I am.
Somebody tells you why not call up Neil Rogers
since he has the biggest audience of anybody in town.
And you usually show to promote your show
on some other station.
Doesn't that sound bizarre?
In other words, what I call up your show
on whatever Phantom Station it might be on
and say, hey, I'm Neil Rogers
and I'm on WQM 560 on AM every day
between 10 and 2.
When I do that, no.
No, I would not.
Wouldn't that be embarrassing?
I'm just asking for your help.
That's why.
You're helping doing what?
Well, I'm doing what kind of a show is it, Robin?
It's about sex and dating.
Oh, okay.
Now we're talking.
Yeah.
And I've never done this before.
So it's my first time.
Well, then what are your qualifications?
Have you ever had sex before?
No, I've never had my own show before.
I've been a guest on other people's show.
Have you had a lot of sex?
Are you like promiscuous?
You screw out a lot?
Yeah, I guess I have a bad reputation now.
Well, that's good, then.
That's just the kind of person we want having a sex show.
What would you be having?
Something like a real slut, you know?
Great.
Would you be a guest on my show?
No, of course not.
What am I going to talk about?
What do you want some old fag on your show for?
Talking about sex.
You have a great boy.
Yes, I do.
And I have a great girl,
but you don't want some old fag on there
talking about sex.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, listen, actually a lesbian.
Well, my cell phone is about to die.
Well, what's the stationery out of our bag?
Give yourself a little plug.
Come on.
I'm on WSBR and WNN.
And it's a Robin Fox live girl show.
Live girl show?
Are you going to have sex on a radio?
Yeah, and they said to me that,
you know, Rogers can get away with it,
so don't worry about it.
Right, that's right.
Plus, there'd be nobody listening to that station.
Anyway, so what the difference is to make?
Now, what time is this show on?
10 o'clock on Saturday night.
Oh, great.
Listen, they're all the out, right?
Excellent.
Okay, you know, this is my big break.
I've been doing radio since college.
I don't have a great voice,
but I think I have just a good voice as anybody.
Hey, as long as you know the old ins and outs,
so to speak, you'll be okay, Robin.
Would you mind if I come by tomorrow
and watch you in action?
No, no chance.
No chance.
No chance.
Now, J.P. says you'd come and watch him in action,
but not necessarily here.
Would you post my double?
Would I want?
Oh, she just, like, the journal.
Really, it's my panties and a Y.
She just her phone just cracked out just at the wrong time.
Okay, there you go.
Robin Quivers or whatever her name was.
Robin Seymour or something like that.
And look at that.
Look at what a subliminal effect she had, okay?
First time a woman ever had an effect like that on me.
I'm sitting here all of a sudden squeezing my black penis.
Wow, even...
Roar!
Would be impressed.
Okay, there you go.
See, I'm not averse to giving anybody a little star,
a little bit of a boost, a little plug,
except for that asshole on SRF,
by the way, when it keeps calling all the time.
What was his name?
The Jackass.
Oh, God.
That man ever calls again.
5.670560, 05.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Our poll question today is,
what are we going to do about Fat Hank?
That's our poll question.
No, we're not.
That's just a joke.
He just had a rough day yesterday, okay?
But don't be blaming everybody.
Also, I feel so bad for all those punks that are walking around here.
They only got 15 people working on that show.
I mean, how can you have 15 people working on our show?
And it comes off that bad.
You know what I'm saying?
That's what I don't understand.
There's two people working on this show every day.
There's me and somebody in the other room,
usually George.
All the way, by the way, he ain't coming back.
He isn't know about it yet.
5.
What are you laughing about?
Hey, listen, I know I'm mucky around.
Okay, I'm loyal to my people to a point.
5.670560, 05.560 on the AT&T.
I'll guarantee in the back of his mind,
he's thinking of himself.
Oh, geez, I know that fat guy.
He's going to get that young guy in there for a few days.
And he's going to say, who the hell wants to look at me anymore?
And you know something, George, that's a good point.
You know, it's not good for my morale.
Look at it, somebody who's like a pasty looking little spick.
You know, I like to look at a young guy who's got a little bit of a tan,
who although maybe an uncircumstile spick,
at least, you know.
Now, George is okay.
He just, in fact, the word is that George is going to be producing
Hankshock when he comes back.
He don't know it yet.
That ought to go over big.
And then George can find out what abuse is all about.
You know, George has been working this show.
I would say nine, maybe 10 years, a long time.
He and I have never had one crossword.
You can ask him in that period of time.
I never shouted at him.
I never screamed.
I never, uh, nothing.
For what?
What is the point of trying to bitch everybody else out?
Because on that particular day, maybe you suck.
Maybe you got out of bed on the wrong side.
Maybe you didn't get laid the last two weeks.
Whatever the problem is, I don't know.
Maybe you made a bad bet the night before.
I don't know what the story is.
But don't be blaming everybody else when you suck, you know.
Because not to do one thing.
When I suck, I take all the credit for you.
You know what I'm saying?
Squared, that's right.
Here's a mobile and steward.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
We need to get the Gary Bettman down on the ice
and some of these are slammed as butt into the board.
I think we got to have Ray Whitney's
spirit right in the push, okay?
So it's raised the one that was head balls enough to make the comment.
I'll appalled to think that I want to be sitting through games next year
and having Lance Roberts who has the IQ of a turn up.
Correct.
Deciding, you know, whether we win or lose,
I mean, did this really bite to the big time?
Well, how about the overtime thing now?
How about 4 on 4 for 5 minutes and overtime after each team gets a point?
Because they're trying so desperately to avoid these ties.
You know something.
If you only think about the game, which evidently Gary Bettman does not
and the board of governors,
that plenty of times when that point you get for a tie is very valuable.
Absolutely.
I mean, we, how many ties have been...
Uh, fans have been...
Too many.
And if we were to add a point next to where we wanted them?
Yeah.
You know, we would go, well, how we would have been in a play also,
at least, you know.
Well, this is the first step and this is the first step
to what Bettman wants, which is going to be the shootout.
This is step one.
Yeah.
And at each year, it'll get progressive until we just have a shootout.
And of course, I think by the year 2005,
when we have 172 teams in the NHL
and 150 of Marna Playoffs every year,
and there's no stoppage at all,
it just goes around the year.
I think that'll really be great.
The thrashers and the mashers and the smashers and the bashers and the crashers
and dashers and daughter and blitzin,
I think it'll be great.
What's your horsecraft?
Gary Bettman's a lunatic.
And it just goes on.
This just goes on and all these other guys are saying,
eeeeh.
So I'm going to stand up here and do something.
Well, I'm a guy that's going to do it, man.
Well, I hope you're successful.
I'm calling Luca.
I'm going to call this for my car.
I'm calling Luca Brati.
There you go.
Okay, see you.
Yeah, we hear any more golf.
I'm going to tell you right now.
Okay, you people that call this radio station about golf,
you're the ones, two things.
Golf and gambling.
You people will destroy WQA.
And that's my prediction.
Mark it down on a calendar June 22, 1999,
that Fatal Fagniar Rob your set on a year.
And I'm absolutely right.
I'm positive of it.
The golf cars and the professional gambling cars,
or the amateur.
And you know what I'm also worried about
since we're a fashion hang pretty good today.
Why not?
Is, you know, I get the feeling.
Maybe I'm wrong.
I don't know those guys that well.
And I don't want to know most of them that well.
But I get the feeling that Hank is creating.
And also Eddie Kay, this little corb chronic gamblers.
In fact, I think we got a whole new chapter for GA
that we'll look it on in this place.
Have you ever noticed that?
Oh yeah, well, the over and under is 19 and a half.
And there's some little Pipsqueak attend your old boy.
Oh yeah, I already got my bet done on that, Hank.
I mean, what is that?
What is that?
We got children who have become
and chronic gamblers in this place.
Now, what is that all about?
And then by the way, your governor says,
oh, how we spend our money is our business.
How do you like that?
You like that?
No.
Piece of crap.
That's his response.
Instead of like having a little bit of humility
as the good Christian that he is,
since he's so much better than all the rest of us,
because he was born with a goddamn golden spoon in his leg.
Correct.
That's what makes him better than us
and is two and a half million dollars a leg,
which is probably a lot more than that.
Who knows how much he's hiding?
But nevertheless,
so he's so much better than that,
you think, okay, have a little humility.
Apologize for the fact that his wife is, uh, you know, a bitch.
That's his irresponsible and she did something
that was illegal, okay?
I just can't stand that for a while.
But he says, how do you like this?
He says that, you know, you should do where it is.
It's a lot of money that she's spent,
but nevertheless, uh, you know,
she feels horrible about it in the audio and the mind your own business.
He says there's no dividing line anymore as there should be
between public lives and private actions,
which evidently he doesn't understand.
She broke the law.
It wasn't a private action.
It wasn't like she was having a sexual thing like
bubblegum, a bunch of blow jobs.
That's not the point.
The point is she broke the law and she lied to a
cut to a federal customs agent.
Once he got caught with her goods down,
she had been all over the seats in there.
Oh, those are old receipts.
I don't have any.
And then they look into God damn suitcases
and she's got 20 grand worth of crap
that she brought back from gay parry.
And instead of apologizing and saying,
well, first she's very sorry about it.
We're embarrassed and humiliated.
And we're going to send her into rehab or something.
Any kind of crap,
all he says is it's none of your God damn business.
How we spend our money is our business
and how we try to screw the customs
and the government that's our business too evidently.
What did I tell you yesterday?
Every time these people set themselves up
as holier than all the rest of us,
they're the ones that turn out to be the
triggers in a God-named wood pile.
Make no mistake about it.
Piece of turd, okay?
Right there.
We're right in front of your face.
Another big lying piece of turd,
which is what the Bush family does best.
They lied about the SNL scandal.
The George Lied about the,
no, no taxes.
Read my hip, read my lip,
read my slip,
all the other bullcrap.
Just lies and lies.
And not lies about stuff that should be personal business,
like their sexual peckery delos,
which we don't care about that.
I mean, let's face it,
if you were married to Martha Washington,
you'd probably screw on on the side too, you know,
like senior.
That's their business.
But when you're screwing the government out of money,
when you're trying to do stuff
that the rest of us go to jail for,
then we do couldn't get concerned, okay?
Here's the mobile and crawl springs, hello?
Yes, Neil, I'm the product that you hate golf
being here in the big shafts and everything.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Where's the good material coming?
Is that it?
Yeah, that's it.
There's another.
How do you like that voice?
Okay, I want you to absorb that.
I want that to sink in, okay?
I'm into big shafts.
He surprised them against golf.
Very clever, sir.
Very clever.
Guess what?
Most fags got better things to do.
They got better balls to worry about than golf balls, okay?
Pathetic.
Just the tone in your voice,
that boring tone,
you're one of those people that's going to destroy
the sports format on QAM.
I'll tell you that,
that would be the best thing to ever happen.
That would bring some real talents on this radio station.
Instead of this, a bull crap.
Oh, and you see that great shot on 17?
Oh, yeah.
Woo!
The hair on my back,
just standing up, thinking about it.
And by the way, if Jack Nicholas is listening up there,
because when I was on J&O 100 years ago,
he was listening to me then,
I didn't know what I was talking about.
And maybe still don't.
But if you're listening, Jack,
before they put your ass in a box in the ground,
do something constructive in your life, okay?
Do something meaningful
besides going out there and playing golf
until you're 100 years old and they stick your ass in the ground.
Just one time,
do something besides playing golf.
Wouldn't that be great?
Wouldn't that be a breath or fresh air?
Yes.
God.
How about the senior senior seniors of golf tournament, okay?
Well, they have to have them carry around
in wheelchairs and on their walkers.
That would be good.
That's coming this weekend here on QAM,
by the way,
we broadcasting it for me,
SPN Senior Radio.
Yeah, we can have a bunch of,
that would be a good idea,
especially down here.
Ever till we get a 90 share with that,
where the median age will be 90,
or far sports radio.
All you guys,
nobody, age of 100.
Here's the senior senior senior golf tournament.
Here's Ben Sneed.
He ain't feeling too good.
Didn't he dead, by the way?
I think.
I hope.
Huh?
I mean, Sam Sneed, Ben Hogan.
Whichever one.
The one that does its side saddle.
26 after 10 at five, he's dead.
Good.
Hey, listen, 120 years old enough.
Caracquite, f***ing blow.
Hi, I'm your 15 year old host, Jenny.
And this is Titanic Talk.
For me and my friend Kimberly talk on the radio
about our favorite movie, Titanic and Leo.
I love you, Leo.
Yeah, we talk about the most beautiful thing in Titanic.
Leonardo DiCaprio.
I love you, Leo.
I know.
I love Leo too.
Well, today's topic is the Titanic.
I saw Saturday for the 14th time,
and I cried.
Wait, it's been at 17 times,
and cried every time.
I wanted Leo to live this time.
I wish my boyfriend was more like Leo.
I wish my boyfriend was Leo.
Oh my god, look at the clock.
Titanic starts at the mall in 15 minutes.
That's horny.
Hold on, Leo.
We're coming.
Okay, thanks for listening.
We're in next time on Titanic Talk.
But our topic will be Leo.
Rock, Leo.
Anyway, the reason I played that here's the facts
that I appreciate it reminding you the thing
that I had here yesterday,
which I wish I wouldn't have shot can,
but I don't have it anymore.
Maybe somebody will fax it to me.
The story from Variety,
or wherever else, it appeared that
they're actually going to come out.
It's being proposed and it looks like it's going to happen.
Godfather for,
which some of us might get excited about that,
except for the fact that Francis Ford Coppola
is working with Andy Garcia
and Leo DiCaprio is going to be in that movie,
alleged related to Santino.
He's going to play the young Sunny Corleone.
Don't he look just like Sunny Corleone?
Yeah.
And Ricky Martin, by the way,
is going to be, he's going to play Marlon Brando.
Yeah.
Oh no, he's going to be the opera singer.
I forgot about that.
That's right.
For the high voice.
And no balls speaking of golf.
Yeah, you've golf people.
I'm going to lay the QAM golf challenge too.
I'm going to lay down a gauntlet right here.
Okay.
Anybody that can tell us,
so, and I'm sure the entire audience
is just salivating,
waiting at the prospect of one of these assholes.
Call us and tell us what's exciting
about watching somebody else play golf.
And by the way, we will trace the calls
and have the guys with a butterfly
that's coming take your asses away
when we're concluded making a fool out of you.
Oh yeah, and you see that shot
that pain storm it?
No, I did not see that shot.
Okay, nor have I got any interest,
nor would anybody with a life.
Forget about a brain,
even if they got no brain,
if they got any kind of a life whatsoever.
No person in their right mind
would watch that crap.
And then they're talking yesterday.
Nonstop about this woman's soccer.
In 78,000 people showed up in a medal and
what does that tell you about
how bored the American public is?
Or maybe the American public is just obsessed
with bullbikes.
That's got to be it.
It's got to be it.
And now we've got a WNB18 coming to this town.
Is anybody going to go there?
No, except people that are obsessed with bullbikes.
Huh, there must be a lot of people
obsessed with bikes.
I mean, howards prove for that.
You take the dyke's office,
you know, he's off the air, he's out of business.
America lives dykes.
You go to Holland,
you see a lot of dykes all over the place.
You come back to America,
the Attorney General's Janorino.
There is the proof you need right there.
America's obsessed with dykes.
North Miami Beach, hello.
Not going to do it.
It wouldn't be prudent.
What is it?
This is a sunny fox on that.
Yeah, okay, great.
Goodbye, is that it, huh?
And bad phone.
Bad phone.
Here's the guy that was on there for what?
About 150 minutes with no life,
and he's doing a sunny fox imitation
with a crappy phone.
Nice job, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Palm 5, 60.
See what's wrong with you putting him on the air.
It's your fault.
See, I should do a hand-goal,
where they start going off on everybody else.
I like calls like that, see?
I don't take myself so seriously,
like some of the people on this radio station
that just can't handle a little bit of fun and games, you know?
What's wrong with that?
That's your beach talking about the God-Dent
Continuation Play in that game Saturday night.
You got to lighten up a little bit.
I mean, just like I said,
a few days ago, I can smell the surrounding now.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, you can smell it in the air.
You're walking the halls here,
where you can smell it all over the place.
And you think Adam from Sales may have
maybe another bad bullet grits
or something that rhymes with grits.
Or just maybe, like I said the other day,
that they can't stand prosperity here.
Everything's been going great.
Even an old hard-ass like me adopted the
the Steve Goldstein attitude toward life.
Who the hell gives a crap?
But I couldn't agree more.
The checks show up close to one time, you know?
I don't give a sh**.
There you go.
That's your attitude.
So what's everybody getting so hostile lately?
A little dog loses it the other day.
F-U-F-U-F-U, you know?
What the hell was that?
Oh, by the way, our program director
has got a big lunch.
He's going to the days.
He's all dressed up in a zoo suit.
Comes in this morning.
Okay, and he's a good guy.
Okay, me?
Not a good guy.
Not a good guy.
He's okay, guy.
Just a fair week.
But at any rate, so he comes in here this morning
before the show, and he says to me with a straight face,
okay, well, we have this lunch in once a month.
Whatever the hell it is, some jock thing.
I don't know.
He goes over there into their jock straps.
And he says, about 11.30 this morning,
I'll just poke my head in the door
and if everything's okay, give me the thumbs up.
And I know it's okay for me to leave.
And I went.
All right, well, I mean, the schedule is already made out here.
The schedule is sitting right over here to my right.
I guess it's the correct schedule or close to it.
That's it.
Now you can leave it, say if the coast is clear,
what is he going to do for us?
Well, what is he going to do for us in here?
Then I got to give him a thumbs up.
It's okay for him though.
The coast is clear.
Everything's under control.
Like he's going to do something.
Even if things weren't under control,
he's going to do something about it.
No.
So go have a nice free lunch.
Have a good time and get out of here.
You know, the reason he wants to come in here one more time.
And you know the reason.
Here's Virginia Key.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
What kind is a PTA?
It's on a 330 and a hang-goal bench, show.
Hey, Neil.
You see that great shot by Payton Stewart?
I heard Payne Weber had a great shot, too.
Is what I heard.
Yeah, I lost my button to market with a Payne Weber.
Yeah, rectum.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil, the fielosians are in power.
Big time in the state of Florida.
That's right.
That's absolutely correct, sir.
Have you seen the sound bite?
The latest from Governor, uh, uh, uh,
Governor Pumpkin.
Yeah, he bites.
He said, you know, he signed this new law
about taking public funds for private schools.
Yes, uh-huh.
The voucher.
Exit the voucher.
Yeah, he's vouching for it.
And he has the audacity to say,
we didn't do it.
He said, God did it.
That's right.
God did it.
Just like his wife didn't smuggle in the stuff from France.
God did it.
That's who did it.
You know, his wife had two chances to, to, to, to fetch up.
God damn it.
Just unbelievable.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
Thanks for your time, sir.
Okay, get that, get that thing out and thump it.
It's Bible Pumpkin time, maybe here in Florida.
Yeah.
Let's have a little prayer session
before we head over to Hollywood Seminole Gaming.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, once everybody's so up kind about in this place,
several of us are going on vacation in a few days here,
which I'm looking forward to tremendously.
It's going to be great.
You think that everybody be a little mellowed out
before you go on vacation?
Now, when you get back from vacation,
that's the time to be pissed off,
because, you know, you look around and say,
oh my God, I got to be back here.
That's, you know, that's plenty of time to be upset.
But when you get ready to go on vacation and get out of this joint,
what the hell is wrong?
Could possibly be wrong with that.
You people need to just chill out.
That's my message to all these people here at QAM.
Just chill out a little bit,
with it.
Just be relaxed and calm like me.
Take things in stride.
You know what I'm saying?
Damn it.
Will you fudge back in?
What's the matter with lesbian officers?
Can't you tell we really love him, new moths?
Yes.
The only thing that separates us from the men
is the country club's bathroom stalls.
And then the girl friend is also in daddy.
She's a friend on the verge.
She called to daddy.
Must I back-five to the talk a lot?
Right.
Still a lady called to me.
All right.
My favorite hole it doesn't have any number.
A green hole on a fairway.
It's wet because I'm a tap or a lapper.
I play golf and I'm gay.
The key time to talk is clubhouse.
The key time to talk is the only time to care about.
I'm gay, let's play LVT-A still.
The key time to care is the only time to care about.
And ride this grace chipset of my face
and lay it golf to me.
23 of 5.50 W.D.QM as we continue our search
for the most boring sport in the history of the human race.
I say golf is right up there.
Maybe ladies soccer.
But golf with me gets number one.
We'll find out.
5.670, 05.60, 05.60 on the 18th and teal.
And you notice by the way that none of these macho golf fans
have got the balls to.
And of course they're all saying, well, we don't have to defend it to you.
Of course you do.
You have to defend it to the whole world because anybody with a brain,
even little kids out there, laugh at you, realizing how stupid and lifeless you are,
watching a bunch of other people whack a ball around, okay?
I mean, if I'm going to watch other people whack a ball around,
maybe there might be a peer.
Not that.
5.670, 05.60, 05.60 on the 18th and teal.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you read in the paper today that the governor had another problem
with his daughter and she was given a ticket for consuming alcohol
on her friend while they were away?
No.
Yeah, it was in the...
The governor's daughter was having a...
Boos.
Exactly.
What the hell is that?
And right in the match, one of her friends accidentally picked up a phone that...
No, but we're in the newspaper.
Oh, it's in the Palm Beach Post.
Oh, well, we don't have that.
Oh, I gotta get the Palm Beach Post.
Somebody's gonna have to fast that to me.
How did I miss that?
Isn't it in our papers here?
I remember something vaguely about that.
Right.
But I was still obsessed with the Columbus and her $50 million worth of a crapsi with Smuggler Ian.
Yeah.
Her and her friends ate of them.
Evidently, one of her friends picked up a phone that had a direct line to the police department.
Yeah.
And tried to make the phone call.
So they went over because they didn't get...
Oh, well, what do you mean they had a direct line to the police department?
What do you mean by that?
You mean his...
It was his phone?
It was the governor's phone, direct lines to the police department.
Right.
Just in case they have a problem or something.
Just in case they have another SNL scandal, yeah.
They went over to investigate, knocked on the door, went inside,
and they gave him tickets for a teenage drink.
Underage, Ricken, his wife is smuggling crap into the country,
lying to customs officials, and he said it's our business.
How do you like that?
He's only been in office in about 15 minutes for Christ'sakes.
Yeah, it goes back to what you were saying.
That does protest too much.
Exactly.
All right.
Thank God we got a good religious family in there.
There we go.
Yeah, yeah.
Holier than all the rest of us.
Yeah, somebody who affects me, then, I haven't seen that.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, that's why we let Governor Bumpkin so much.
He may have been close to death a lot closer than I think we realized,
but nevertheless, he never stole a freight train.
Gamble that one time when he was a little kid lost $12,
that means that all the rest of us better stop Gamble and 2,
because he lost his $12 when he was about 10 years old or whatever that story was.
Just absolutely.
Oh, finally.
Finally, after all these days, after all these hours of begging and pleading and screaming and acting.
Here's a Cory Saban spy report.
Hello.
Well, the reason why I didn't call is because I didn't know the area, you call it from Fort Matzyshers, CREPY radio.
Yes, and you were too God damn cheap to give you people a toll free number.
That's right.
Cory Saban, finally, I watched the news last night.
I told him I had a California news box news.
Just about to call you today and give you a spy report.
Great.
He looked great.
Yeah.
He did a great job.
He did a segment called Show Beas last night, where he just kind of did some movie critique.
And he was outstanding.
Yeah.
And Cory always looks better when from the front, because you can't see his ball spot, you know.
Oh, that's right.
He's a deep star.
I'll be great on TV, because they never show him from the rear, so to speak.
That's right.
He was up to get the panel and he looked great.
Did I have a shameless request?
Yes, sir, anything for that?
For my Scottish freeing, can you play the back?
You bet.
Thank you.
And have a great day.
Give Cory a big kiss for us.
Okay.
Okay, kiss him on the ball spot.
So how do you like that?
They're watching Cory Saban, although I was thinking about that coming to work this morning.
I wonder if anybody is listening in Fort Myers, because I've been begging and pleading.
I mean, maybe that's one of those TV stations that has only seen like in trailer parks.
I don't know.
This last guy, he didn't sound like it was in the trailer park.
56670560.560 on the 18T wireless line.
Your votes for the most boring, sport, the most corrupt governor in the history of mankind.
What did I tell you yesterday about a little bit of Bush's okay, but too much butch, no good.
No good, too much butch, butch, butch, butch, up.
In fact, that's probably the biggest problem with ladies golf and ladies soccer.
Too butch.
Here's a mobile and crawl springs.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
All right.
Well, you had you started IOD.
What year did I start about?
It was about 80, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 7, 8, 8, 8, 7, 7, something like that.
Well, that's all I've been listening to yet.
Great.
And you're about to tell me I'm an idiot and hang up on me.
Yeah.
Oh, your golf.
You're a golf guy?
I'll make this quick.
I'm 38.
I never golfed in my life until I was 36.
I couldn't understand why anyone would even do it.
Right.
No, no, I'm not talking about playing golf.
I'm talking about watching to that.
I'm about to get to that.
Okay.
And then I had roommates who him and his dad on the weekend would sit there and watch golf.
Right.
So that was in the living room.
I'm sitting in my bedroom watching TV golf.
What do you mean you had roommates?
You were 36 and you had roommates?
Well, no.
This was back.
I'm telling you, years back when I couldn't believe someone would actually watch golf on TV.
Maybe I was 28 or so.
Oh, 28 and you had roommates.
Okay.
That makes it okay.
Well, you know, I'm thinking that a couple of losers actually watching golf on TV how stupid of these two.
I started golfing two years ago.
I could watch it 24 hours a day on TV.
For what?
It's great.
I mean, once you know all the personalities, you know what?
You see, you've never golf.
You've never hit a ball.
It's not true at all.
I played golf until I realized that boring.
It was about 25 years ago.
It's not for it.
To me, it's not boring, man.
It's great.
Why do you, it wouldn't be so big if it wasn't good.
I'm telling you, Neil.
It's not for the ice cream, right?
Like vanilla ice cream, right?
Unless you're really into it.
Okay.
Well, listen.
You can have a good time whacking those balls.
Well, you've got a lot of roommates, you know?
They like whacking balls together.
The roommates that whack balls together stick together.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Isn't that how that's saying go?
Something like that.
So it was 28 and he had the 5 or 6 roommates.
And they were all guys.
What's wrong with that?
Here's a mobile and pepper pine.
Hello?
Neil, got.
Speaking.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
I play golf and I watch two golf tournaments a year.
I watch the US Open.
I watch the math here.
It's just because...
Well, I don't want to take away your right to watch it, okay?
Because it's a free country.
And then that works to put a lot of Budweiser spots on there
and making a lot of money from it.
But I just can't envision for anybody with, you know, any kind of play.
It's a Stanley Cup playoffs because it's the best of the best, right?
The best hockey players making the best shots.
Yeah.
Because it's an exciting sport, whether it's the playoffs or not.
It's an exciting sport.
There's nothing exciting about golf.
Where's the action, baby?
Where's the action?
The action is when you know how hard it is to make those shots, those puts.
Listen.
Listen to that kind of question.
Listen to me, okay?
If you took somebody to the North Pole
and in the middle of an ice cap, you drilled a little hole about three inches across
and you took them about two miles away
and you gave them a ping pong ball and you said,
okay, hit this with a block of wood and put it in that hole.
That would be difficult, too.
But it wouldn't be a lot of fun watching it.
Do you find what I'm saying?
I get your point.
Okay.
Have a good time.
Okay.
Just because it's difficult, all right?
I mean, taking a watermelon and sticking it in your neck,
that might be difficult, too, all depending on who we're talking about.
But I mean, does that make it interesting?
No.
Exciting, no.
Sintillating, no.
No.
Jesus Christ.
I mean, see, this is what happens when you've got so much boredom going on.
This is the biggest problem, I think,
besides crazy religious people, is the bored masses out there.
You see what happens when your kids are bored.
They've got too much time on their hands.
That's when the trouble starts.
Boredom is a killer.
And that's when you people start getting involved with a lot of stupidity on a crap,
boring, terminal.
And this guy admits it, by the way.
You notice that took me about 30 seconds to talk him out of it?
Now, the other guy, his roommates, would have got upset.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So we have a corrupt governor who says it's none of your,
how we spend our money in our business with that arrogant attitude,
you expect from the bush people, by the way.
That's the arrogant snobbish attitude that a leadest attitude they got.
People that never work that on a stay in their lives.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All kind of listening.
The reason why we watch golf is we watch him to,
we can't wait to see him choke.
That's what makes him exciting.
They're choking it?
Yeah, they choke on it.
Yeah.
But when they have the easiest shot in the world and they just think,
they just think, they just think,
I know I would try.
On an entire Saturday or Sunday afternoon sitting around their home waiting for some guy to choke on.
You know, like a four foot putt.
You know, for about $400,000 on the line.
That's exactly, okay, thank you.
So we said it's another American SNM exercise.
Okay.
He says we're a bunch of satants and we want to see these guys choke on it.
Which by the way, you can see people choking on it on Playboy TV.
If you're TV, if you're thinking scrambled enough, that's on the front page of the paper.
The Supreme Court will argue the case on cable law as you'd expect.
As if they've got some idea of what it's all about.
Non-subscribers sometimes receive parts of scrambled program.
We can't say which parts on the air, by the way,
because we can't say penis and vagina and words like that.
But a mother in kick, Coral Florida, for example, said she found her son,
eight and daughter, seven, transfixed by scenes on spice of a naked man.
And satimizing a woman, a company by assorted groans and epithets.
How do you like that, huh?
Assorted groans.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And epithets.
Which, of course, the epithets were probably like that.
You know what this is?
And then it goes on to the story to talk about single bleeding.
Reminds me, we're talking about this just a few days ago,
about way back when I did that show on Channel 51.
It was after Dave Dixon died.
And we were reminiscing about the old days on 51.
And I did that show very briefly from about two or three in the morning until six or whenever it was.
And it came on after the on TV scrambled mode,
where they had like R-rated movies.
I don't think it was X-rated, but there are R-rated movies.
Hard R. I mean, really hard.
And it was a scrambled mode.
And if you looked like the pictures were like squiggly,
like your horizontal or vertical control was off on the TV.
But every now and then, the lines were like,
if you looked laid down on the floor on your head,
it was like cock-eyed little bit, so to speak.
You could see all the right parts in there.
And evidently, that's like what they're doing over there in Cape Coral.
They're sitting there watching through the signal bleed,
these squiggly lines, and every now and then they see a...
Oh my God, and there's a...
Oh no!
And then you hear...
Like that?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
So what the hell are we going to do about that?
Because what we can't afford to have little kids being seen
and make it people on TV, or we're going to have a whole lot more shootings.
All over America, we know that there's a definite connection, right?
No.
Yeah.
Because it says here in the same article it says,
in the aftermath of a high school shootings in Little Colorado
in Connoirs, Georgia, which have made protecting children from violent
and sexually explicit entertainment, a leaning topic of public debate.
So in other words, if you see an naked body, you're got from it.
Two naked bodies there on your TV said,
there's no question you're going to go out and shoot something.
Or just shoot it.
Oh my God, somebody who played in the US open?
Hello?
Neil.
Yes sir.
It's probably if you didn't suck it off from the start, you probably tried to play what a Michigan State.
When you went there, if you didn't suck at the game at the start and you were into it
and you could play well, then you'd be watching on TV, believe me,
because anybody who's any good at golf watches these people.
I mean, I'm lucky enough to play with some great players.
It's boring.
The one you're looking for is terminally boring.
No, but you're wrong.
You're way up.
You probably, you know, you can't do anything for four hours.
You probably went off in five minutes and can't watch a golf term or you played golf for four hours.
Yeah.
You're the problem.
Uh-huh.
You know, you don't know anything about the game.
So that's why I was working for it.
I got a news for you.
I'd rather whack off for four hours than watch a golf term.
How do you like that?
Try to take a 10 seconds.
Uh-huh.
How do you know?
It seems that you have like a disproportionate interest, huh?
Because there are hangtolls.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, hangtolls.
There you go.
Hangtolls, huh?
Hangtolls, then I whacked off in four seconds.
Well, I'll come hangt is interested in my-
Uh-huh.
That's an interesting question.
There you go.
What did I tell you about those puttwack and golfers?
Right there.
There's a classic example.
But he's lucky enough to have played with all these great players.
Give me a break.
Okay.
Great players.
All these no life guys were in this country club mentality.
That's what it is.
That's what it's all about.
It's a snooty.
That's why the poor cripple guy didn't want him playing with the cart.
When we had to go through all that bull crap.
Oh no, we don't want that because this is great athletic competition.
Yeah, that bunch of snooty condescending people with their blue noses
and their goddamn crap up in the air.
And their stuff f-ing and their whacking each other off in a goddamn locker room is what this guy just said.
Did he say that?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I'm sure that's what he said.
Wack this, okay, pal?
One track mind.
By the way, me this guy would like to be on the-
What's your name show?
Huh?
The one that's going to be on SBR.
Robin Fox.
Oh, she's got a CD?
She sent a bunch of crap over here now.
Robin Fox.
They brought it from Power.
Rhymes with Schloss.
Oh, they brought it from Power 96, okay.
Well, maybe she can do some of the guys over there.
Oh, there's no straight guys over there.
I made it to the bottom, so I can't see.
Somehow I made it to the bottom.
Oh, right.
Like a silly guy.
Oh, when you're fun, you're gentle, like a silly guy.
Well, that might have been a quote that was the busy jerk and extortion leader.
He was talking to China.
He was the little fidget.
And he was perfect.
I'm supposed to be impressed because he had the honor to play with all these great players.
How about if he was in the World of Taffy Pole Championships?
Well, the world's greatest Taffy Poleer since he's so insistent on pulling it, okay.
That's all seems to be on his mind as yankin' it.
Oh, yeah.
We were that even Taffy McCallum was there.
The world's greatest Taffy Poleer.
See, you can make it like curling.
We laugh at the Canadians because curling is silly.
And it is.
It's ridiculous.
It's idiotic.
It's pathetic.
With all due respect to San Rishmuro, the great Canadian curler.
Hey.
And it's ludicrous.
So the idea that because there are a lot of people watching it, or because a lot of people have no lives and are convinced that it's exciting.
And this guy, because he says so, therefore it's going to tell me that it's exciting because I couldn't do it.
I can't play hockey either, sir.
I've never been out of pair ice skates in my life.
But that doesn't mean I don't enjoy watching people who can.
Because it's exciting.
It's great.
Oh, yeah.
But the ratings, I don't care about the goddamn ratings for sports.
All right.
That doesn't make it good.
It doesn't make it bad.
It just means there are a lot of people out there with really bad taste.
They were lined up 15 deep at Kathy Willow's house too.
Was she a hot piece?
No.
No, she's a slut.
And she'd be the first one to tell you that.
And not even a good slut with a pasty complexion.
And they were lined up 15,000 deep at her house.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know, the majority, yeah.
The majority, most of the more assholes.
OK, that's what you better figure out.
OK, so because a bunch of people are watching you whack your balls around,
that they'll make it exciting.
There's plenty of guys that would pay to watch them whack their balls around, sir.
And you aren't one of them.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm an I write first caller.
Did you see that game, hockey game?
I'm a Buffalo fan.
I'm Saturday night.
I'm so pissed that that game out of the city could throw everybody in the goddamn rig.
And take those referees, take those officials and just throw them out.
They got screwed.
But I think they should put them on death row as what I should say.
And they should be their first.
He should be the big man in the electric chair.
Huh?
I said, what are you talking about?
The game.
Yeah.
How the dead goal should not have counted?
Yeah, no kidding.
I know.
And the thing is this, that now, the shot that hockey, hockey, hockey, sand cup,
I'm always a what cup, the sand cup, the Stanley Cup.
Yeah.
They should put an asterisk after it.
That's right.
They should say fixed at the bottom.
Fixed because the officials were betting on a guy named Game of an A.
Yeah, they all wanted to get out of there because they were tired.
That's right.
It was one thirty in the morning and who'd help it blame him because it was getting pretty boring too.
But to have another one and a good luck.
There you go.
Fixed off.
Okay, it's only Tuesday morning.
It's only Tuesday morning.
Yeah.
He's still recovering from it, right?
Go watch some golf.
That'll calm you down.
It'll put you in a coma pal.
You'll forget all about life.
You'll forget even about taking another breath.
Eliza.
5.670560, 0560, 0560.
On a mobile one line.
Yeah.
You know, these things are so important.
Aren't you glad that these things are, oh my, like life and death.
That's the whole concept with these sports stations, man.
These are the, I'm loving this.
We got a governor.
His wife comes back.
She's like smuggling stuff in.
He says, mind your own frickin business.
You can spend all the money that she wants.
And I beat the crap out of her over the weekend.
So, so butt out.
We got kids shooting each other.
And these people are worried about some fixed time.
I mean, I watched it.
The guy is right.
It was bad.
It was the rule changes are bad.
Gary Bettman's an asshole.
But I'm not going to get all bent out of shape about it.
I'm not going to like, uh, get worked up into a, uh, a frenzy about it.
What the hell's the point?
I don't give a sh** anymore.
That's right.
You better start listening to Gildey or you people out there.
I keep trying to tell you this.
Including some of the people that work on this station.
If you want to live to see another vacation after this upcoming one,
you better calm down a little bit.
And take it from Gildey.
Just relax.
Because 6,000 years from now, nobody's going to give a crap.
Nobody's going to remember that crappy show hang did yesterday.
6,000 years from now?
Are they going to remember that?
Uh-huh.
Oh, they are.
Yeah, we're putting it in the time capsule.
That's how bad it was, okay?
We're going to put it in the time capsule with a note that somebody is getting paid for this performance today.
And people are going to say, oh my god, are you serious?
They were actually paying people for that?
In fact, I'm going to tell you how bad.
And I love Hank, okay?
I mean, he had a lot of them to take it personally, but he will.
Because he's, you know, he's, uh, he's, uh, he's Hank.
But the fact is that I would rather watch golf for four hours than listen to the amount that I listened to on that show yesterday.
And I'd rather be dead than watch golf for four seconds.
So, are you kind of following the progression there?
Are you following the proportion?
Get it?
It's fucked.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I got a neat little story about golf and me and Joe Pesci.
Before, he made it big as an actor in 1960-90.
He worked for the editor, he worked for me on Long Island.
Uh-huh.
And we just sit around every day and play, Jen.
Finally one day, he likes golf.
Let's go play golf.
So I go buy all the clothes.
I hate golf.
I live on a golf club.
Good.
I go buy all the clothes, the clubs, the whole thing.
We're playing a couple of times a week fresh air.
I can't stand it.
So, around a hop-hop country.
Yeah.
Hop-hop country club on Long Island.
And after the ninth hole, you want to take a break and you eat.
And somebody stole my golf clubs.
Right then and there, I never played golf against this 1969.
Oh!
And I want to thank that guy.
And maybe he's listening to you on the radio.
Excellent. He probably forced you to find a real life.
Thanks a lot.
God bless you, sir.
And if it's interesting, by the way, the this story, when this guy and Joe Pesci, it was at some country club.
They're always playing golf even OJ.
He's always playing at some country club.
And you want to know why, because like I said before, it's a balloon-nose sport.
It's not a sport.
It's like, what's the one that they play polo up there in Palm Beach?
Oh, yeah.
For all their throwing like Prince Edward, of course, he rides side-saddle.
And nobody's fooling us without wedding on Saturday.
Believe me, Prince Edward, who the hell are you, kid in the sweetheart?
There's more than one queen in that family.
But polo, where all the snooty, rich people get around other horses.
And they knock the little, whatever they're doing.
And it's like it's like croquet on horseback.
Polo.
I think you people up there in Palm Beach.
I'm talking Palm Beach proper, not the county, but the community there, all the blue noses.
I think you're playing pocket croquet is what I think you're doing.
Pocket polo.
Tragedy.
But you know, rich people have to have the snooty people have to have their events.
And so golf is one of them.
You see shleppers playing golf?
No.
Because everybody's got to have a sponsor.
And you want to know whether you have a sponsor?
Because it takes big, big bucks to go out there and get, you know, everybody talking about what a hot shot you are.
And about how you can stick your ball in one.
In fact, you talked about that yesterday.
About him sticking his, um, in one.
Thanks for bringing back our big black but somewhat faded penis, Roy.
Thank you so much.
Gotta keep Roy around and keep morale up there back in the sales room.
Oh God.
This is Learned at Fail with Don L.
I'm Don L. Jackson and today we're going to fail the word Paradise.
Tell it with me now.
Paradise.
P-A-R-A-D-I-S-E.
Now, let's use it in a sentence.
Whenever I go out together, I always take along my luck as Paradise.
Be good to me now.
This is Learned at Fail with Don L.
I'll be Don L. Jackson.
Oh, thank you Lord.
It's 11.14 at 5.60 WQM.
We're talking about golf today and about the idiots that watch it.
I mean, if you want to play it like I said, we won't tell anybody.
And of course, go out to your snooty country club and, uh, you got to have a lot of money.
I mean, it's just, it's so patently absurd.
It's not even debatable.
I mean, you can argue flavors of ice cream.
You can argue about Smith and Walensky and that great meal we had from the...
By the way, he's still haven't picked up the China.
And guess what? I'm taking a rest of that stuff home today.
I've waited long enough.
What? Are you on it?
I want it for college.
Well, like I said, take it home today, because otherwise they might actually have a change of heart.
Take it today or it'll disappear. It'll vanish.
So thanks so much for that great steak knife set.
God, those were great.
From Smith and Walensky and, uh, NJP says, thanks for the China and all the other good stuff in there.
It'll be great up there in Gainesville.
I want to have to eat out of plastic.
How come your mic is like in the, uh, almost dominant, which is good?
So we thank you, profusely.
Too bad the food sucks, so bad, but nevertheless, thanks for all the other good stuff.
And the t-shirts and the caps that we loved it.
So you can argue about things like that.
But I mean, for people to call in here and try to convince anybody that golf is interesting or like women's soccer.
Oh, they had 78...
Let's hear it one more time. They had 78,000 people to the metallands, okay?
They could have been out there eating cotton candy and sticking their finger on each other's earlobes.
And that, you know, and that would have been more exciting than women's soccer.
But there were 78,000 people there.
So it must have been something good going on, right?
What is wrong with this? I mean, every ear...
It's like, it's like, if you're going to go to a movie, you have to check and see which one is number one this week at the box office.
Which one has, is bringing in the biggest profits?
Not at the reviewer, not that anybody said was any good, but which one is number one?
It's almost be that Tarzan cartoon.
Let's all go see that.
Because everybody else is going to see it.
Here's a mobile and Okra Choby. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
Not to be sending Governor Dushbag because I hate him like poison.
But the girl that got arrested was the governor of Alaska's daughter.
Yeah.
He was out of town.
So how did this guy come up with the fact that it was Jeff Bush's daughter?
Where did he get this from?
I haven't gone off of his daughter.
I don't think he does.
I think he made it up.
Yeah.
It was the governor.
Let's make up a bunch of crap.
The governor of Alaska.
She's 19 years old, never-ending drinking agent in Alaska must be 21.
I don't know.
I'm way over 21.
So I don't really care.
Oh, okay.
Tandard is 19.
And Western Europe is about a 10, I think.
As far as the most boring sport got fresh out of there with bowling.
Bowling is a, yeah, I would have been a footballer.
Bowling is where bowling is probably number one.
How about any koalas, huh?
Yes.
How about German months and now we're talking buddy, Beaumont, let's go back.
Okay, I have a great day, sir.
How about Marty Perino from Syracuse, New York?
There's a name that none of you recognize.
Marty Perino.
That old left-handed takes us back to those great days of championship bowling
with Fred Woolf from WXYZ in Detroit.
Anybody remember him?
No.
Great.
The great Fred Woolf.
Back in the days when we had real personalities on radio.
Not just a bunch of jukebox guys.
Not just a bunch of three by five card readers like they got over there at the coach.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line.
We're going to get lunch from our friend Chuck at the sub-center today.
We all straighten out on that.
Joe Kustell will get his order in.
We take care of everybody over here.
And also thanks to the Collagen guy, Duff came in here today because he wants to do something
beside make the schedule out.
Duff came back in here again today and said, oh, the Collagen people, we need a great job.
They got all the water back in here again.
Be sure and give him a nice plug.
That's for you guys, the Collagen guys.
We love you.
Of course, your sales, your account rep, your sales hole.
He ain't doing much of a job there with that account.
I'll tell you that right now, that Todd Dreck.
I don't want to start picking on him for more than two or three hours a day for the rest of my life,
but I will anyway, even if it hurts.
Guy that comes in here makes a big scene, a big song in the dance.
I lost my cool.
I kicked his ass out of here last Monday.
Here we are eight days later.
I don't want to mention the account A Atlantic coach Morgan, which you love our friends over here.
Mike Arton, Jake.
But did he change the copy?
Is there one new word?
No.
Is there one anything?
No.
The old stuff from 1116, 98 still in the file?
Uh-huh.
Oh.
This is the only place I have ever seen in my life where it is impossible to get fired.
Impossible to get fired.
You can get suspended.
They're big on suspensions because they make some feel macho when they do that, you know.
But fired, no chance.
Only that one girl intern got fired because she made, she fired at the wrong flavor at the middle of Hangshul one day.
And she got fired, but of course she was a girl.
That's why she really got fired.
Right, Duff?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, no, what's up?
Are you doing, sir?
To be honest with you, I'd rather whack my own balls with a nine iron.
And then at Saturday, glued to my TV set, watching Conway, Twitty and the Golden Bear pulling their rounds.
Come on, you know.
Rolling on ABC, golf on stuff.
Yeah, Pondas.
With all due respect, my good friend, Gary Sibel, who's doing the announcement on a bowling show.
He's got to make a living as a good guy, but it is so terminal.
But you're right.
It's absolutely terminal.
You're right.
I mean, a bunch of grown, I mean, look, if you're playing, and by the way, I'm, you know, I'm so glad we got into this because the people that argue about like,
almost people that showed up for women's soccer, soccer as you know, all worldwide, attracts more people than other auto racing.
I think that any other sport, I mean, in Europe and South America, they're psychoticovers soccer.
Does that make you good?
No.
Still boring.
Yeah, well, soccer attracts, you know, much more hooligan types than, you know, our men's sports.
People that want to go out and get into a big brawl and see how many people can get killed at the end of the game.
Yeah, drink a couple of fighters and drop a bomb under stadiums.
A bomb, a ride.
And you know, this is a bit off the subject.
Speaking of a kind of way 20-in-richy valence, yes.
I don't think you got a response on this.
I finally saw the Britney Spears clutch picking.
Right.
On the upper left hand corner of the TV screen, when sitting in front of the TV.
I'm sure it's right.
Green in the red and yellow flag.
Green in the real conspicuous.
She reaches right into her ass and pulls it out.
She's looking for gold, baby.
Right.
I love you.
Yeah, even asked my friend Sean at Pizza Loft last night.
Did you finally see that thing on the Britney?
See, he thought Britney was reaching into her shorts and pulling her out, you know.
Maybe she's got one, I don't know.
Wouldn't that be something if it turned out that Britney Spears had a penis?
Wow.
That would really make for a turnaround.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
What?
How do you know if she's got a penis or not?
I'm telling you, look.
You better start examining first before you jump to conclusions, mister.
Go take a peek.
But anyway, Sean thought that was Britney that was pulling the shorts out of her.
I tried to tell him, and he said, I only watched it like 6, 700 times before I finally saw it.
Before I finally got sore.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Got a good story for you at this institute.
I'm a teacher at home, Stan.
You're high?
Yes, sir.
We're Governor Sun Teachers, thought with him.
And I was building through with there, and I tried getting to join the Teachers Union, which was probably a lost cost.
But after a couple of times, he finally told me the truth.
He says he has to check with his father.
Great.
You know, I thought he was free white and nobody ages 21 can make your own decisions.
So, got a check with Daddy to make sure I told you.
Yeah, had a check with Daddy.
Interesting how we got through with two, you know, most teachers have to hump for a job.
He was assigned to us in the district.
He wanted to teach an inner city school, so I'd look good in this resume.
I wonder how that happened.
Yeah, well, they recently assigned to another school in Overtown to enter city for me, yes, for a transfer.
Yeah, and he said, don't be carried away.
Okay, I wanted to look good, but let's not.
Exactly.
Right, go to school.
Yeah, well, he went to Mexico this summer to find his roots and then to work on his uncle's campaign.
Now, now, what's done is this one?
Is this the...
George.
There's another George.
Yeah, there's another George.
Jesus Christ almighty.
We got more God-dame George Bushes than you can shake your thing in.
Yeah, listen, I love your show.
Listen to it for a long, long time.
First time, call her.
I try and get my kids to listen to it at school, but I get the administration on my back once in a while.
Yeah.
But I think you're emotionally disturbed kids.
I figure your show fits right in.
If it's in perfect.
Okay, but I'll have a great day.
Yeah, you too.
Hey, emotionally disturbed people.
Oh, and what were they talking about who was mentally challenged?
Who was the...
Well, that must have been that piece they did last night.
I'm 48 hours.
They went on a whole hour.
Did you see that?
About this woman, the guy murdered her daughter.
Stabbed her 28 times.
And this woman, it turned out the end of the show as far as I'm concerned if anybody else saw that.
I think she's crazy than the guy who got lethal injection, of course, because he was in Texas.
They fry him like...
I mean, they don't fry him, but they kill him.
All right, it Texas like crazy.
They know they keep that death row.
They keep it moving like an assembly line.
I scroll in there.
W.
But anyway, so she insisted on having a meeting with this guy in jail.
And they have this program where the victims with the relatives of victims get to meet the crime of the criminals.
And when she waited and waved all these years and like two weeks before he was going to be executed,
she had the meeting with him.
And we actually saw it and heard it.
And she's crying.
And he's crying.
And then we see...
We don't see them actually giving him the lethal injection.
Damn it.
But nevertheless.
And this was supposed to put it all the rest.
Give her closure.
I commend them for not using the word closure once in an hour.
Nice going CBS.
Oh!
And did it give her closure?
No.
No, because now she's joined this group of people that worked at this mediation deal
where they bring together the families of victims with the criminals.
Well, what's the point?
They stuck the needles in his arm.
They put him to sleep.
He's dead.
And that should do it.
What's the point of going there like laying a guilt trip?
I mean, if they're going to have to get a kill, that should be enough of a guilt trip, okay?
She wanted to look him in the eye and he was signing up and you know this crap.
And then to make this long story short in the end, she was kind of like the one, sorry for him.
Yeah, she wrote this whole life story and he was abused and he was mentally challenged.
And you know, what does mentally challenge me?
Yeah!
Yeah.
Emotionally, it's like around here, emotionally challenged.
That's what most of our people here on this station are.
Emotionally challenged.
You know what I'm talking about?
That's good cases.
That was funny.
Here's a Pemberpine.
Tell him.
Yeah.
Laming other people for their own deficiency.
Yes sir.
Just a kind of chain subject for a little bit.
The last week I received a card in the mail and it said it's my pleasure to tell you that I was going to say it.
I've been chosen for the Neilson ratings.
All right.
So they call me this morning, wake me up.
Right.
And they tell me you've been chosen for doing the Neilson ratings and they're going to hook you up.
You know, I got to tell them what I watch and all this.
But the funny thing is, it's not one of those crazy boxes.
Oh, it's diaries, yeah.
They also do some of them by diaries.
Oh, by diarrhea?
Mm-hmm.
The by diarrhea.
What fits in with most of what's on your TV said, yeah.
Exactly.
Well, I said, well, what the heck, you know, I know you were writing a raising and talking about it.
And I wasn't going to do it after listening to, you know, everything that-
Well, why wouldn't you do it?
It gives you such tremendous power.
Don't you realize how few diaries they got?
In other words, whatever programs you watched that you like, you know, put those down.
Yeah.
Well, all right.
I guess I will.
But I know you were talking about it and the way you were going on with it.
I wasn't going to do it.
Do it.
Trust me.
You'll feel like a real like a real move-or-en-shaker.
Have a great day, pal.
You eat it.
Move it and shake it.
That's what that golf guy said before.
Move it and shake it.
Squirt, squirt.
It's too much shaking that I think is your problem, pal.
I wonder if golfers, do they like take showers together too?
Huh?
When they finish like with a tough hot round out there on a course, huh?
They all get together and the grab tigers would.
1126 at 560 WQIM.
Colleague and water, by the way, is picking and getting you into a really good mood.
We'll do something great for you.
And then just take the crap out of the water that comes out of your tent.
And by the way, I never got to return phone call from that other company.
I just mentioned that in passing that I call the president directly to what he sent me.
That's caustic letter.
Never got to return phone call.
Nice.
Ooh, frosty nad.
Squirt, squirt.
When the fog gets flowed over every U.S. town, races are still still so.
Many ones read as a monkey's ass and his reign was in his phone.
Oh, wow.
He's beaten by the world of games.
They'll see the sugar stain.
We're all for those kids.
Where you talking about China?
No, no.
No, no.
Oh, wow.
Wow, I can't help it.
Here's campaign was bought to find a commie.
And trade for the fence to make the move.
The trade has told us not to ever find it once wrong.
He's been in career with Spill and all the time.
No, it's not space from the red obviously.
There's no space I can't.
Hail to the coward in cheese.
Oh, what?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That means I'm not done.
Oh, wow.
Wow, I'm trying to doubt.
This is a bunch of youth.
I'm 33 at 560 WNQ of our poll question today.
Which of the following is the most boring sporting event to watch in the world?
Soccer, golf, bowling or baseball?
I wrote baseball on the list too because even though I used to be a big baseball fan, I got to admit.
Baseball has become coma inducing.
I mean, it is so slow and so ponderous and so weak.
And so, and plus they're playing with babies now instead.
They finally have admitted that the baseballs are one much tighter than they used to be,
which is why all these guys are hitting like 60 and 70 home runs.
That's number one.
And of course you've got 400 teams so the quality of pitching is garbage.
And you've got a lot of minor league pictures out there.
So you put those two ingredients together and it's like bogus because they're desperate.
Swimming?
But there's nothing boring about swimming.
Swimming?
Get out of here, mister.
Just ask Greg Luzano.
So that's right, he's a diver.
I forgot about that.
He's a diver.
Probably not anymore.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a, I'm a golf enthusiast myself.
Well, let me go.
Oh, you know, do you?
Oh, watch, to watch the match yesterday was yesterday is a match on again yesterday?
Well, they showed the rerun.
I watched it again.
You watch it again after the outcome.
You watch the goal.
I want to tell you something.
I want to tell you something.
You know, for the junior golfers out there that are playing now.
Oh, my God.
The junior golfers that are out there playing right now, I got a message.
The message is get a life.
Get a real.
Let me know.
I want to tell you something.
You know, a good question.
It's an Little Fat bag like you wants to show that he's a real man.
That's right.
It always comes back when I know just a minute, no you wait it always comes back when I disagree with your opinion on something.
You and the other asshole I called before.
It's always got to do with fat bag.
That's got to do with it, okay?
You're a little fat bear.
And you like golf because, you know, I don't like golf, see?
That's the best part, even us bags don't like golf.
Okay, like I said before, if we monkey row with balls,
they'll be real ones.
They'll be still attached.
Jackass always comes back, see, they can't throw any other shots.
There's always got to be the same thing.
That makes you real macho being a golf fan, yeah.
Call up some of the macho shows on this station
and talk to the macho tacos, it's okay about golf.
Don't waste my time with it.
Peddling your crab.
Oh, yeah, violence.
That's why I watch hockey because of the violence, right?
Just like the Stanley Cup playoffs,
a lot of violence, right?
Oh.
You're just too stupid to understand it.
That's your problem, sir.
You like something that's real slow and ponderous,
more your speed.
You're probably one of those guys out there
that drives your big Juukunu about 25 miles an hour
in a left hand lane on the turnpike 9.95, aren't you, sir?
Uh-huh.
Yes, you are.
Out there with your big Seville or your even worse,
your Lincoln cotton nettle,
go at about 15 miles an hour to guide them
left hand lane on whatever highway you're on.
Nice and slow.
Slow is how we do it, okay, right here in Florida,
and you're part of the problem.
Old cockers like this guy.
In fact, that's our new show on Saturday morning
by the way right after Joe Costello's racing show.
Old cockers who play golf.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello?
Yes, hi.
Is this the, um, what do you call it?
The, uh, yes.
It's golfing with a Kimbo show?
Yeah, golfing with Kimbo.
Yeah.
That's it.
Okay, how great.
That's it.
Way to about 10, 15 minutes for that.
Very good, sir.
Great material.
That's another golf enthusiast.
Is this the golfing with Kimbo show?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
What are you trying to say, sir?
Eeeh.
Hey, no, come on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
But your little putt whackers out there, huh?
Yeah, just make a personal attack.
I couldn't give a crap less.
I'm getting paid plenty of money.
Say whatever to kind of crap you want, okay?
As if fact, and by the way,
how can you watch a lady's golf out there,
which is nothing but a bunch of big bikes.
And I'm the only one that besides me and Ben Wright
who got the balls to say it.
And CBS because they can't handle the God-Dame truth
because there are a bunch of emotional cripples
afraid of their own God-Dame shadow.
They had a fire Ben right because he said,
it's a bull-dike sport.
Nice going back.
That's right.
It's a bull-dike sport.
Just like swimming and diving is an end wrestling
is basically a fag pursuit.
And this audience can't handle that either.
Oh no, I was once a wrestler.
Well, okay.
How's your roommates doing, by the way?
Yeah, but I'm only 47.
Yeah, like that other guy before.
He was only 28 when he had his 10 roommates,
all of whom slept on bunk beds, by the way.
Sounds like a lot of bunk to me, pal.
Faggot.
Here's the hellendale. Hello.
Yeah, hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
All right, boy, I hate to be the next co-after those last two.
Yeah, but anyway,
well, hey, listen, it can only get better.
And younger, it can only get younger than the last guy.
Okay.
Well, just to change the subject a little bit,
I don't know if you discussed this earlier today.
No.
The, about the date county losing the Pan-Anne games.
Sure, I happen to have that right here in my hand.
Thanks to San Luischema who reminded me about that.
About Linda Robertson who's never written
a good column before in her life,
but it goes to show you a sooner or later.
That's right, an embarrassment.
A grotesque embarrassment because once again,
the banana republic in which we live,
are chasing everybody away because God forbid
somebody was ever in Cuba should even
breathe the air here in his town.
Although it seems to me that Leavon,
who's on the staff of the Marlins,
and thinking the joy, by the way,
isn't he Cuban last time I checked?
All right, Justin.
Yeah.
Well, you know what gets me is,
first of all, the narrow mind in this obviously
of losing the Junior Pan-Anne games.
But the stupidity too, because Cuba's not even
anything, the athletes do it.
Right.
That's right.
But they might.
So that's why we lost.
That's right.
We did.
They keep the door open just to make sure
that Merit Steerheim has it.
Merit Steerheim sent a letter on behalf of Mayor Penis
to USA Track and Field CEO Craig Moss-Massback,
asking him to certify in writing
that no Cubans would participate
before they would let these Pan-Anne games happen here.
How do you like that?
They said they should have played in Miramar.
There would have been no problem.
That's right.
Well, we're going to lose the big Pan-Anne games next year.
So more power to Rally County.
Absolutely correct.
Right.
And thank you so much.
That's right.
We welcome all the illegal aliens from Cuba,
even George in Broward County,
that's why he had to move to Broward.
That's right.
We welcome everybody with open arms in Broward,
not this kind of snooty guy, damn attitude.
I wouldn't be surprised at Merit Steerheim
and Mayor Penis from a dead county
are playing golf together.
Probably at some real snooty country club no doubt.
Snooty Blue Noses, that's what it's all about.
That's what it always was.
And that's what it always will be,
that whole golf business,
invented by the Scottish who walk around with those kills,
sucking on those bagpipes.
Well, that's right.
I'm supposed to play that.
It's coming soon and the bit too.
Floridians, dumb ad dirt.
Hi there, boys and girls.
The day is a very extra special thing
that we've got to buy.
Show us all about something really special.
Oh, I can make it door right now.
Come on in this bike, man.
Arja Laddy.
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Ooh, ooh, I wonder what it is.
It looks like a cocked a pussy.
A cocked a cocked a cock.
It's me bag boy.
What the heck?
Hey.
Ooh, what can I touch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Ooh, ooh, run your hands.
Hey, that's fine.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
What's this right here?
That is the blowpipe.
What do you do with the blowpipe?
You blow it, lad.
Blow it.
You blow it.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
OK, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, laddy?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
OK.
Come on lad, you got to put your mouth around it.
No, don't be afraid.
It's not going to break.
All right, like this.
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick around the way down your throat.
Get bigger.
Hey, that means you're doing it right.
What's this over here?
That's midshandas.
What do we do with that?
What you do with that, laddy, is you put your both hands.
On it, you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Oh, no.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
No, you want to do, laddy.
If you want to blow on the pipe, you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
OK, all together all at the same time.
OK, here we go.
Good laddy.
Hey, that's good laddy.
Sure.
It's good laddy.
Keep going.
Move harder laddy.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze more.
Let's run your hands up and down the shaft.
Kick the answer.
Run the answer.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
You can do it.
I'll play with that one.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Look at that, look at that.
Look at that again.
After the kids, you mean breath, baby.
OK, 14 to 9.
That's $5.50 WQM.
Cory, say it, but if you're listening, good news.
We are first faith facts on Cory Sabin here from the West Coast.
It says, here's a real Cory Sabin spy report.
Coming from someone who's worked in television news for six
years, Cory should have stuck to radio, it says.
He calls himself a journalist, question mark.
He did a stand up in his story last night,
where you see the reporter in the story talking and walking
about old naked people.
Fortunately, I didn't pay too much attention
in the story he was doing, so I didn't get the giz of it.
Cory was holding the stick mic and talking about something
they didn't have a video of.
Never have I seen such huge eyebrows move so much when talking.
His writing was effing ponderous.
Television is supposed to be conversational English.
His story sounded like he came from the newspaper.
I should have turned it off and watched the basketball game,
or maybe even the golf channel.
He also anchored the Saturday 10 p.m. show.
He blows, he's no Craig Wolf, main anchor for the NBC affiliate
here in Fort Myers.
Is this his first television job?
You should have started off in Mizzula, Montana,
or Alpina, Michigan, or somewhere obscure.
Alpina, Michigan sounds good.
Aside from that, welcome to Kate Koma, Cory, it says.
How do you like that?
Hate facts for Cory Saban.
Excellent, that's always a good sign.
Here's a, in fact, Hank's show yesterday was so bad
that we didn't even get any hate facts about that.
That tells you, in other words, it transcends,
it went beyond a certain point.
When it gets that bad, they won't even respond
to it, they just ignore it.
They pretended it didn't exist.
It's gonna be better day, Hank, just relax.
And if it's not, it'll be somebody else's fault.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, can you hear me?
I can hear you.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry, too.
I'm a big sports fan in fact, there's a lot of sports,
all of them, in fact, because you would present to me
health and you would present good spirits
with the kids and so on, mainly with soccer and golf.
Oh, and I was scanning to be ready.
I thought you said sports, that's not sports.
But anyway, I didn't wait.
Soccer and golf is sports.
Yeah, well, I didn't wait.
I'm scanning to the radio and I listened to you talk
and I came to a big conclusion.
Yes.
Now I know what happened to Rosemary's baby.
To what?
Rosemary's baby, I'm Rosemary's baby, huh?
That's all I wanted to say.
Okay, thanks for your brilliant material, hold you okay?
And by the way, you only have a real good time
playing at Guantanamo and of course they got there.
They got a real good one for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line,
because all the guys like him,
all the old banana people like him,
they're going back this weekend.
They don't know about it yet.
And then we can get the Pan-Anne games in here.
Have a good time.
You and me are penis.
You're going on the same goddamn sailboat.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello, Mew?
Yes sir.
I got one thing to tell you in the Buffalo fans.
Well, great, great.
We're real happy for you, okay?
Jackass, your team still sucks.
Any ice down there's like,
a lot like Dave, even Jay Niel,
that's what you said with like playing a hockey
on a Margarita.
Absolutely correct, David.
And get a new outfit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's sunrise, hello.
Sunrise.
Yeah, yes sir.
Niel, how are you doing?
Great.
Good, I just got a question for you.
What's the problem with you and golf and baseball
when you live in soft Florida?
Why don't you move up to Canada?
When I live in soft Florida?
Yeah.
So in other words, whatever goes on here,
therefore I should be because it goes on here,
that makes it exciting.
Is that what you're saying?
How about watching the old people
driving around on howondale Beach Boulevard?
Is that exciting?
That's what we're here for.
Why don't you move up to Canada?
No, I don't want to move up to Canada.
Oh, what all the fags are recanted.
Oh, thank God.
You all see on South Beach, okay, sweetheart?
See it all comes back to the same thing.
I love it.
I love it.
As soon as you say something that rattles their spear,
faggot, faggot, they just lose it.
I love it.
I'm having sexual excitement here in his craft.
From all you macho golf guys, okay?
Because you know something,
just like the playing bagpipe stingwood
or Scotsman who invented your game,
it's a pansy pursuit, okay?
Real athletes don't play golf.
Maybe in their spare time,
they might just move and drink a little bit
and have exercise,
but they're not sitting around watching
some stupid golf tournament on television.
And you know it and everybody else knows it
and you're too god damn embarrassed
because you can't handle the truth.
Move to Canada, my fat ass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And additional, what the hell would you do
with your life if I moved to Canada?
If I weren't here to give you like a little irritant,
like a little stimulation every day, huh?
With my toe inside your rectum,
you couldn't handle it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five,
but as soon as you say something,
one thing around down here, you know,
as soon as your rough leather feathers
and disagree right away you're a bastard.
Right away they look for the personal shots.
You're gonna ask on your fat whatever it is, yeah?
And what's the point?
The point is that you just can't handle the truth.
Just like that whole business
we went through with the wrestlers, okay?
Next thing they'll be defending Ricky Martin on the show.
That'll be next.
Wasn't bad enough that they were denying
that wrestling business.
Next thing, all these guys out there
that are buying a Ricky Martin records.
Both of them.
Well I've heard a lot of things about bluffing.
He's sure wrong about this here, conditioning.
Let's get that fan just really cranked up in here.
It's Switzerland here.
Here's a mobile in Haley, hello?
Hey little Neil.
Yes sir.
You were mentioning earlier about
what Britney Spears had a penis?
Yeah.
Wouldn't matter.
Okay.
I mean something that looks like that, I don't care what it got.
Okay.
Wait for the doorbell to ring.
She'll be right over.
Five and let us know if it's circumcised or not.
By the way, five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
I'm sorry, I gotta move this fan.
One more please, okay?
This is just boiling in this drive.
God almighty.
And this is only the 22nd of June.
How about snorkeling too?
They do a lot of that down here.
You go watch that two pal snorkeling.
How about watching the people at the early bird dinners?
That ought to be a good pastime.
That's probably number one on a hit parade in Florida.
Is old fart stealing sweet and low at the early bird dinners.
Are we gonna go watch that make it into a spectator sport?
There you go.
It'll sure be more exciting than watching golf.
Did the air go out all together?
Is that what happened in here or what?
Oh, the air is totally out.
And of course, Duff, he's off to lunch somewhere
and we're sitting here, skits in our brains out
because the guy named Air went out.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello?
Daniel, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Did these people actually think
that you're gonna say nothing controversial?
And then you have no phone calls, we have no show?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, just real quick, I'm a former professional high diver.
I used to do diving shows to push gardens.
Oh, hi.
Hi, this is gardens.
I was also a high school wrestler.
Yeah.
I've started to diving thing does.
Basically all the good divers are gays.
Those of us that are straight, yeah,
we can't point our toes, we can't die too high.
Yeah, see there you go.
Wrestling, there was some weird guys
when I wrestled in high school.
I can't say for sure which way they're gays wings,
but you may not start off on that.
Yeah.
As far as the golf thing goes, you're right on the money.
If you want to go drink with your buddies
and maybe go to a new bar after, you know,
do some drinking and maybe hit them all a little.
That's one thing.
To sit there and watch golf on TV,
other than perhaps to try to help you with your game,
that's the only thing I can think of.
Oh, hi, can it's pretty weak, you know?
Oh, no.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Oh, no.
Can I ask you a question?
Remember what I said I wanted?
I'll meet both sub.
We're back to the Styrofoam cheese
that doesn't melt again.
Mm, okay.
Well, I didn't want to sit anyway, you know?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
Are you seeing this?
Do you remember the one from last time?
I think this is the same one.
Huh?
No, no, don't do that.
Don't do that.
Just, you know, what you got there
and I'll sit here and lick my wounds.
You got to eat something.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, hey, down.
Great.
First of all, about the guy who was gloning over the star's victory on that...
Yeah, the asshole.
Then another mouse breather, yeah.
I mean, anyone who takes satisfaction in something like that
or the cardinal...
That would be like somebody who said, hey, the 1919 Black Sox,
we want it too bad, you know, something that's fixed.
I mean, that's bad, it's just...
Disgusting.
I think.
Number two and number three.
Number two, you've been alluding to whatever that Hank fellow said yesterday.
Whatever he said yesterday, could you please go into a little more detail?
What do you mean whatever he said yesterday?
Well, whatever the show was like.
He cuts people off.
I know he's a colleague of yours.
I don't want to get started on him with you.
What do you mean he's a colleague of mine?
You've worked with him or something.
Yeah.
So what is that?
I mean, I could just get a lot of dinner together
and hang out at the same strip joint.
Yeah, there's a lot of dinner together
The other one was into his listeners.
The guy is pretty much uninformed for someone who pretends he's informed.
Yeah, in the center of the world,
you're going to turn the fact that Hank had a crappy show yesterday
and we're all out of that.
I can't take that.
Now, don't get me wrong.
I'm not saying don't do it.
I'm just asking, are you going to do it?
Am I going to...
You're going to attack him now, his show?
No, no, I'm not going to attack him.
Because he was in a very early mood yesterday
because it was a crappy show.
In the seminal of the summertime,
when he pointed out there's nobody here.
And then he went off to defend and blaming everybody else's usual
for his own crappy show.
Don't blame everybody.
I'll thank you.
If you do a crappy show, we all go play a crappy show.
Be enough of a man to stand up and say,
I suck today and let's move on and hope for better tomorrow.
That's all.
Be rating the little people.
They had 44 people.
I checked before I left yesterday.
He was out of chulas.
They had 44 people in the control room
and in that out of control room.
I'll run it around to get put that show there.
And it's still with the disaster.
But of course, when he got 49 people running around,
it's easy to find some of them to blame, like all 49 of them.
Rather than take the blame yourself.
Isn't that easy?
Yeah.
So I think if it's another crappy show this afternoon
and the call's stuck and it's just one of those days,
it's a bad show.
I say, let's say the dog done it.
It's his fault.
Yeah, the dog done it.
The cat.
It's the monkey done it.
That's all I said.
I didn't see.
Open up the door here for a whole assault
and all I saw it on the Humper.
But why the hell not?
We're all big guys.
We're getting paid a lot of money.
We can handle it.
And if you can't handle it,
that means you're an emotionally challenged
and shouldn't be in a radio business.
Oh, right.
Have yourself come down on Christmas fun.
Oh, your friends away.
We'll back you all away.
We'll spend a year right you are the dog.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting,
life will be sweeter.
When you catch your heaters,
you carry a light and super.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the N.R.A.
In for the need,
in for the chance,
and always in for the head,
in place they're wearing a hat.
You're through your skin.
You feel more comfortable.
You'll be there to spend your life with all the dogs.
Come on in, dog.
You'll be proud to say you're a member of the N.R.A.
Probably one at 560 WQM happy Tuesday to it.
We were smoking along there,
and all of a sudden,
almost everybody dropped off.
You noticed that right at the same point?
Right at that same point,
when that guy called and made those unacceptable,
in temperate comments about the Humper.
That was, I think that was it.
Kiss the death.
560-560,
pound 560,
on the AT&T wireless line.
See, and we don't,
the interesting part of the whole deal is,
that there hasn't been one person yet in over two hours
who can't articulate and intelligently make a case
for a golfing even mildly interesting to watch.
All I can do is say,
my decon,
faggot, this, hockey,
so all I can do is try to obfuscate and throw up a smoke screen
as opposed to saying,
oh, this is really fascinating to watch.
It's not fascinating.
It's not interesting.
I don't care what the names are.
The same old tired god damn name.
Nobody cares about these people.
Nobody with a brain cares about these people.
People with no lives care about it, okay?
And like I said,
the degree of difficulty,
it would be very difficult to take a penny,
and to take a target,
65,000 yards away.
Okay, and here's the deal.
Show the penny in a hole, okay?
Stick the pet, take a broom, and shove the pet.
That'll be a new sport before the end of the week.
Oh!
All I can say is that the people on this station,
I'm sure, are just thanking the Lord,
kissing the ground.
That the next one at Game Last night,
so they can perpetuate something,
keep something going,
until they can start, you know,
gets under 100 degrees,
and somebody might think about football.
It's got an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
They got to be kissing the ground,
that there's anything to perpetuate
this sport's format on this station,
other than golf and Lady Sanker.
Here's the four-letter mail, hello?
Hello.
Yes sir.
Long time no see, I'm first month caller.
I don't call unless I have material.
Two quick things.
Why people watch things like golf?
There's a book called The Culture of Narcissism
by Christopher Lash.
People watch sports,
because it creates the
illusion of a level playing field.
When life is not fair,
on the field, everything is just equal.
What is golf while I got to do it with watching sports?
Well, I mean, that's why people watch
and name sports,
because everybody in theory is equal on the basketball court,
on the golf course.
It doesn't matter who your back is,
who your parents are,
how much money you have,
it's supposed to be fair.
Of course, it matters how much money you've got
when you're playing golf,
who your sponsor is,
or how much money you've got,
or you wouldn't be out there for the first place.
Socks, then you hope for that kind of fairness.
One more thing.
I have a thing here from the internet called,
what is a pre-finger?
Can I get your facts number?
And I'll send it to you.
650.
650.
0198.
0198.
305.
Okay, thanks.
Do I agree with what he just said?
No.
Of course not.
560, 0560, 0560,
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Leveling the playing field.
Playing field of life.
Playing field of life.
It's a bunch of grass with a hole in there,
if you're not in there,
a bunch of sand and water,
and that's it.
Oh, and what a great thing.
And my favorite line is,
somebody will make a real good shot,
and they'll say,
that's a golf shot.
And I'll think,
wow, how profound.
I thought it was like a tennis shot.
I thought it was like a bigger,
like a, like a, like a, like a,
like a, like a,
bigger, that's a golf shot.
Wow.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T.
See, I don't want to burst your bubble.
In other words, if your life is that pathetic,
and you really enjoy,
and you're pretending that you're enjoying that,
and have it a good time,
and great, more power to you, okay?
In fact, I, excuse me,
for outing you as being somebody with no life.
I apologize for that.
Don't I?
No.
No.
It's just that it's so,
I don't know whether to laugh or cry,
whether it's comical or prophetic,
listening to these last couple of days,
oh, well, you know,
the US open, that's the end of the Masters.
What kind of anism,
it's still the same crap.
You know, it would be like,
what's in this piece of plastic over here, you know?
You could call this the master sandwich, you know,
or the master,
and it would still be what it is, you know?
I'm very unfortunate mistake, I guess,
is what it is.
5670560,
pound 5660 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hey, what are you going?
Yeah.
Hey, me and listen.
I don't understand what you were not getting sucker down.
Sucker?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, that sounds like your expertise.
Sucker.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T wireless line.
One thing about the Julios in this town,
thank God at least they got some different material.
I'm saying, yeah.
See it's a Pan Am game, sir.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes?
And you, Mrs. Bush didn't under declare.
To under declare, maybe,
to under declare,
maybe by $200,
that's one of the clear.
But by $18,000, that's called fraud.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
And then she lied to a federal officer, right?
Of course.
So, so she oughta be in jail.
Her ass oughta be in jail.
That's right.
Of course.
And you'll, people have a lot of the fact that Bush got about $5 million
by getting an FDA loan from the government.
And they don't, you don't understand.
And they don't care.
They don't care.
Don't you understand his name is Bush.
They recognize that name.
He ran against a dead man.
He ran against an almost dead man four years ago,
and he got beat by walking lotten
because they recognize that name.
Okay. This time he ran against a man who was already dead,
who couldn't win a fixed election.
And that's why he's your governor, all right?
You're confusing people with the facts.
They don't have time for that.
Just like the brother, like George W over there in Texas,
which they haven't got any idea what this man is all about.
Every time somebody asks him a question like on any issue,
it's a...
Yeah!
Answering that's, you know,
and already he's like a hundred points ahead in the polls.
So, what can I tell you, sir?
Don't confuse the people with the facts,
because then they have to think that they get very confused.
Like all those people that got sucked in with that little B.D.I.D.Ross P.R.O. with the elephant ears, okay?
You got to roll up our sleeves and do-do-do.
And we can thank our good buddy Larry for that, okay?
Yeah.
Let me just do that.
Thank him for that.
Thank him for taking these marginal subhuman scumbags
and putting them on a year over and over and over again
and making them into big celebrities.
And then we'll do it that.
Yeah, thanks.
Punchback.
A little punchback that was everybody money.
By the way, anybody get their money back from Larry yet?
No.
To worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life with NWOA.
Yes!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Don't tell me that you love my eyes
I know that you keep on checking up my battery.
Squared, squared!
I play new clothes every year
Check out my letters, talking about my birthday gift
You come onto me and let the things in my ears
And I found a star
But if you wanna take me to your store
That thing will find me, I don't think you know
I'm a man
A rock
It's looking up to me
I'm a man
I'm a top-up pick and see
Because I'll have to tell me
Oh!
Don't look up, which one is
My budget seems right now
Of my show
Welcome
You okay?
I'm a top-up pick, right?
You should be sad or sad
You're the middle
Rolling stone's grandmeters
A sign of my
Oh!
What a sign
She's looking right
Fine
She looks just like me
12, 14 and 5, 60, W3M
So Chuck from the subcenter comes back over here again
Thank you Chuck, I hate to make you come all the way across this really again
But that's a good thing you did
No, seriously the reason that we had to probably the other cheese is its boarden
They usually buy it for publics and they don't sell it to the regular customers
They get that just for me
Just for me, especially
They got that styrofoam cheese
No, they didn't have the crap anymore
They only have boardens
And the boardens doesn't melt
You can nuke it, you can fry it, you can light it on fire
And it doesn't melt
It's prehistoric cheese
So it brings over instead a beautiful sub-a-meatball sub-samage with onions and like real cheese
Thanks a lot Chuck, you're the best
The sub-center on a quarter of 441
And the Ivory Road or knob-hiller whatever that is
Or I mean the one on the 9th
It's only got 17 different names
Look at this, we got our phone dropped off again here
And you know who's fault that is?
Who's fault is that?
It's Hank's fault
No, see I think we got to turn the tables on him today, okay?
We're going to start blaming him for everything
If it rains in your neighborhood, it's Hank's fault
Instead of blaming all those poor underlings that are walking around
And they're trembling in your goddamn boots waiting for the next goddamn pepper tanker
I think let's start blaming Hank for it, okay?
How do you think?
Yeah, that's why we got two open lines at a board
That was because you're a full of crap
The continuation, yeah, it's a continuation play from his show yesterday
Ryan Lewis said it's a continuation play
Anybody tell us what a continuation play is?
No
Is there such a thing?
No
Stick to golf
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18 and T wireless line
Don't forget, real men play golf, that's what it's all about
Waterhill, hello
Yes sir, sorry to disturb you
I've been a golfing out for 37 years
And it is the most disgusting game to watch on television
Right
Where else can you see a bunch of any little guys with big clubs
And big fat guys with small clubs walking around being televised
Right
That much, I want to see if you have attention
The greatest English foot down that my mother registered
So, what's your view of rhythm?
And anytime somebody makes a frugal statement or a poloni statement you say
Is that a man who can be a person, bankers
Are you familiar with that?
Yes, I am, yes, I am
Come, you don't use it, it's a greatest foot down in the world
Because Cox's a hoist is a lot easier
Okay, nice talk about that
And have a great day in Zagatun
By the way, we're teaching Yiddish to Goyam on this show
How do you like that?
Teaching Yiddish to Goyam
Teaching about glory holes to straight assholes
Quite an accomplishment, man
When we got sparses out there speaking to you understand you know we really got it made in the shade
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Yeah, Tiger Woods, what's his claim to fame, huh? Tiger Woods
What's the big deal with him?
They can 15 million, 20 million, 30 million, he says boring is dog duty, okay?
Tiger Woods
Oh, but he's a great golfer, yeah, right?
Uh-huh, great
Like I said, Jack Nicholas, go do something useful before it's too late
Before they stick your ugly ass in a box, go do something meaningful
And you notice even his kin plays too, by the way you notice
The Gonsumershfah, oh what has your family done for society?
Oh, we all play golf
Great
We're all over here whacking it
Here's a deer field, hello
Niels, John
Yes, I am
Yale, two most boring sports I've ever watched
And I've watched them total of, for 28 years of my life
It's probably a total of five minutes
Number two most boring is his tennis
Number one most boring is sport I've ever seen in my life
Yes, his golf, right?
I can't stand it, it makes me want to vomit
It makes me, I really have to wonder about the sanity, about the mental stability of the people who are sitting there watching it
I don't understand it
Including the guy that called who said the minute that he watched it again yesterday
They replayed it and he watched it again yesterday
That guy is a fruitcake
But besides that, what's even better is, real men play the sport
I tried to once upon a time, my friend father took me out of the golf course
He told me real men have to learn how to play golf
Neil, I dug a hole out there
It was the most terrible sport
Real men don't play golf, okay?
That's right, we play whatever it is we have to play but not golf
Okay, take care
Take a look at OJ, huh?
There's another example, what's his big thing?
His favorite pastime when he's not wacking people's neck off their shoulders
Oh, man
Golf
That should tell you right there all you need to know about golf, okay?
It's the fact that OJ, that's all he's, even the night that's the murder took place
He was supposedly wacking balls around on the goddamn front lawn, he was doing a little putt putting on a front lawn in the dark
Oh, that's right, he was ticking a nap
What was he putt, oh wow, we're not really sure he forgets
Oh, that's right, he was ticking a shower when the doorbell rang
Well, the story keeps changing
But he's out there playing golf on any country club course, anywhere in the world that they'll let him in which ain't too many thank God
And what does that tell you about what you need to know about the sport of golf?
Scumbags are golfers, okay?
In fact, you know something, I just got a fact here and I think it may be a good point
It's that it's not a real man sport, people who play golf every single one of them there a bunch of faggits
That's what it said right here
How do you like that?
In fact, I did see some of the highlights last night, what's his name?
Painstored?
Pulled out a seven iron and somebody looking at it and yelled, that's a date, club you moron
A little bit too deep, yeah, a little bit too deep I think, I'll just keep digging
Breck them
Here is a mobile in Miami, hello
Near, I don't know
I was a little cock-eyed, yes sir
I actually have something that's even more boring than golf, any movie done by Will Smith or Adam Sandler
Yes!
OO!
Yeah baby
Yeah, hey man
But hey, I'm, you know, we're supposed to be hip and cool and trendy so we have to love that crap
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
How about Austin Powers?
He really doing it?
OO!
He's on the side of my Virgin Atlantic plane on Virgin Shaglantic
Here's a mobile in deer field, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir
I just stayed there at a golfist so boring I was watching his Sunday for about a whole hug that painstored
a day, took the leaves and just make it play like it's hockey or something
No, he just took the leaves
Yeah, he just stuck it in there, yeah
Like it was a Peter Norfield or something, he just stuck it in there
Alright Neil, thanks a lot
Okay, good, great call
Hey, we don't care about great calls on this show
We're not taking numbers and calling people back on this show
What?
I've only heard that from 50 different people in the building, what do you give me?
Looked like that Joe Joe is all paranoid
I've heard that from 100 different people in the building that some shows are so paranoid about the callers
that they were actually taking full numbers and calling people back
I mean what kind of a show can you do when you're afraid of the audience?
Seriously, stop the thing about that
When you're terrified of your audience, what kind of a guy they'm showing you do?
You have to deal with the audience, there's a lot of assholes out there
That's what this is all about, we're not here to educate, we're not here to inform, we're not here to allow you
We're here to make some money, that's all
We're here to entertain, to kill four hours of you, that's all what we're here for
Now that some of these people here are taking themselves too seriously
They believe too much of their own bullcrab
That's right
Just ease up a little bit, like I said things were going too well here
And now everybody's starting to get a little bit too uptight
Oh Joe, thank God you're back, what are we going to do without you Joe?
Those other two losers, which that's a point, you know
Don't be picking up my buddy Gildi by the way, okay?
You want to pick on B-Fo, that's okay
But don't be picking up my good buddy Gildi, who gave me the whole key to life
Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello
Yeah, I'm Neil
Yes sir, long time listener generally agree but I had to call about this all
Go right ahead
Do you sound like just the kind of guy that can give us a rational explanation?
Well golf is a sport that, in my opinion, is sport that has provided a vehicle for numerous charities of
Fulsies, you know, helping inner city kids
Yes, so has Bingo
Right, we want to go watch people play Bingo
You know, good, great answer
So is the jury of Lewis Telephone, you want to watch that?
No
But well, exactly, that's why golf is so popular
And I think...
Well, let me ask you something, how much money do they raise in the US open as we can for charity?
Well, I mean, look how much money the Dural write or open read?
No, no, that's not what I ask you, that's not what I'm talking about
Well, the US open as a USGA event
And the USGA has the first P program, they have clubs for kids
And they're doing things in the inner city, they're building...
Great, I'm sick of that, that just doesn't mean I want to watch it though
No, I can understand that's why you have the clicker, it's like basketball
I mean, golf is the only part where teaches the honorable thing of calling a penalty upon yourself
You see these guys in basketball fall down open a draw of foul
They haven't been fouled but they're hoping to do it
Or they fouled somebody or like last time...
The honorable thing that sounds like some kind of a panda thing when you put it that way
Sounds like something the Scottish would have invented
Well, I think it was invented by the church
They're kids and they're high stockings
Well, it was perfect, they're doing Massachusetts
Yeah, they need a protection
And we have...
In golf it happens to be a major employer in our state, we have over a thousand golfers
Isn't that pathetic?
And that's why the state is in the shape that it's in because everybody's busy playing golf
That's why the governor's wife is smuggling in 20 grand worth of crap from France
Because everybody else's stupidity playing golf looking the other way
And Tiger Woods and Jack Nick was both of them have done a lot for their communities
That helped build schools and whatnot
And Tiger Woods last year did entertain 2500 inner city children brought them clothes
Yeah, so did Michael Jackson
Well, I don't think he'd put them in the same way
Tiger doesn't have those types of demons in his closet
Not yet, not yet
Okay, thanks for the good news sir, okay, am I impressed by that?
No
No
They raised a lot of cheer and money for charity, let me say it again
So does a bingo church bingo, a lot of other things
Do we want to watch those events?
No
No, it doesn't make it interesting, it doesn't make it meaningful, it doesn't make it...
Nothing
It's just a lot of time killing for blue noses, okay?
I mean, why don't you admit I'm a blue nose, I'm a pseudo intellectual
I got some money and screw everybody else and I belong to the country club
And we won't let too many other sports as indecides Lee Elder and Tiger Woods
And that's it
At least be honest about it
Instead of giving me this big hearts and flowers and saw how to dance about how they're doing so I am right
Tiger Woods has given all that money to charity and all those inner city kids
Because he's got to do it because it's part of the PR
Just like Princess Diana was doing her landline, it's the same thing
Here is a kid that was going to like an instant millionaire all of a sudden
Because for whatever because you could hit a golf ball all of a sudden he's a millionaire
Did I get any calls yesterday about the story about the academic grades and the high schools getting changed from Fs to Bs and Cs?
Did I get one call about that?
No
So your kids out there that might be struggling to get these in grades
Who may actually someday contribute something to society meaningful
Besides hitting a goddamn golf ball of 200 yards
That are struggling against a bunch of illiterate jocks
Not to mention anybody we heard out of here this morning on his station
That's a real problem that nobody cares about, okay?
So I don't think your kid is going to get 15 or 20 million for endorsements like Tiger Woods if he's got a brain
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami Beach, Hilla
You knew before the Penn M games there was the magazine band
Before the magazine band there was M item two years ago
Before M item there was Nelson Mandela
Now is there a pattern here or what?
You know it scares me out a special entry school
In such standards for the rest of us going on here
Is it scary or what?
Uh-huh
Yeah
Thank you
I was just finishing it by the sandwicher
Great sandwich by the way Chuck
And quit using that guy the important cheese
Now Chuck's a great guy and now we do wonderful by us
So I knew there had to be some sugar in the wood pilot who would bring up a crappy looking...
Oh God
Styrofoam cheese by Bordons
What do I always tell you about LC the Bordon Cow?
Don't ever trust anything from LC the Bordon Cow
That's f***ing bitch
1226 at 560 WQAM
Yo man, what's up to go for cut to the Bishpoth?
I'm not a good guy
I'm a good guy
I'm a good guy
I'm a good guy
I'm a good guy
I'm a good guy
I'm a good guy
The pressure we say with a nucky revenge and I'm late to 100 pounds when you
move your own big boobies
So runnamy every day
If you already got big boobies
Don't be like Pamela Day
Why not?
Go buy big boobies
Show them off today
And if your boobies are traffic
You have a bite of waggy
I'm thinking about this. I'm not thinking about anybody cares about this crazy rule change
in the NHL. About everybody gets a point for a tie and then they play four out of four
overtime for five minutes and the winner gets another point. They get two points. So now
you wind up losing a game if you wind up being the loser and you still get a point.
Reagan, nice going, Gary. You jackass, you idiot. You simple thin, you putts, you
little puchin, you. What am I getting upset about in the middle of a great lunch?
Nice going, Chuck. Thank you. As far as that board and cheese is concerned, here's the Miami.
Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I need some pointers on how to hold my lover's penis.
Oh, yeah. I need some pointers. You need some pointers on life, Bell. Okay. You and your
boyfriends here. That's what you need some pointers. Maybe the pointer sisters might do you,
but I doubt it. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 80 same old tire. That's why we haven't got
the Pan American games so we can have the honor of having assholes like this guy in our midst.
Okay. And like I asked you so many times before, what do we do about the gorillas in our midst?
Here's a mobile in high a. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I made it out of high a. I'm in North
West. Well, congratulations, sir. I'd more real fast through that place. God, I was praying to you
that I could get out of there. I don't know. There's something going on 95 here around Ives
Derri Road. Back in Bumpet of Bumpet. Anyway, many years ago when we didn't have clickers or TVs,
I come home on the big Sunday dinner. You know, the folks that have the big dinner, you know,
on supper. And they were my parents watching golf, never played golf in a light. Yeah.
I was like, my God, I mean, don't you people have a light? Now several years later, 20 years later,
yeah, I go from my parents place, see how they're doing on Sundays. There's my daddy's in a comma,
and there's my mom watching golf. Great. And I'm like, why are you watching this? She says,
oh, it's exciting. Mm-hmm. You've never even listed a golf club in your life. How do you compare
to the rest of their lives? It is exciting. Yeah. Yeah, they live in one of them kind of minions. Like I said,
oh, Jesus. Hey, God. I'm listening. Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the 18 T wireless,
I guess mom and dad came along and took his clicker away there. Where we going? We're going to
North, a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I agree with you golf. This first,
you know, the thing is golf used to, everybody say, oh, it's a racist elitist thing. Right. That's
right. Yeah, well, yeah, but it's not so racist. It is elitist. And it's totally, uh, well,
why is it not so racist? Why? Because they live a couple of tokens in. So it's not racist.
Well, I mean, I'm not depending in any way, believe me. How many, how many black players are
playing out there on the PGA tour? Four, three, five, two, I couldn't tell you. I've never really
walked to the tournament. Yeah. No, but what I was going to say is it's what it is. It's just,
uh, it's, uh, it's a BS for saying this sport. It's a place for mobsho a hold to go and just,
you know, butch around. You know, it's a butcher round. They're being butcher following around
a little guy. They'm stupid ball. It's butch. I don't know what it is. But yeah, you're right.
They're being like, walking like a Scotman, like that song goes, walk like a Scotman. It's butch.
I don't know what the chasing around little balls. That's for sure. Yeah, that's, I know what that is,
I can relate to that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Does anybody even made a case
here today? Oh, the other guy says, well, there was a lot of money for charity. Like I also said,
total zero is, do we ever want to see him again? No, nobody with a brain would watch that thing.
You got to be mentally deficient to watch. Jerry Lewis.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello. This is Neil Rogers. The habitual satellite defender. Yes. Hey, Neil, how you doing? What's up? Okay.
Listen, the hell was golf. The hell was governor Goyam. I don't know how come you're not being
psychotic about them casting Leo the Flamer and next to Andy Garcia and the upcoming gospel.
Well, I already talked about it. So what would you like me to do about it? Have a stroke with that
making it happy? I just thought you would be more into that too about why do you think about
Hey, listen, if they could cast the Fia Coppola as Mary in the movie, then why would I then
and either I wallock with a word and George Hamilton the turd or whatever's name is? Do you know
Mary O'Pooza still doing the screenplay or the yes? Yes, yes he is. Oh god. I don't know what the hell he's
thinking about. Also listen, maybe it wasn't Mary O'Pooza. No, it just that they got Francis Ford. I
need the money. Couple of back again. I mean, I'll be like casting P. We're her with next to
Mollen Brando in the original. He's in it. He's going to be in it. Yeah. Unbelievable. Listen, I finally
figured out something the other day. This argument you were having about the Stigna-Kenk
amendments in the schools. See, you got to head it to the Christian right. They think they're so
slick. When this doesn't work as far as Stigna-Kenk amendments, they're going to say next, oh well,
let's stick on John 316 in there. And let's stick the first of this Bible in there.
They're going to keep sticking verses in the Bible until something's finally worked.
Which obviously, it's cool. Okay, let's go take two in call this in the morning. Okay,
feel better. Just calm down. Okay, just calm down. Stop being so goddamn psychotic.
That important stuff we're talking about here today like the PGA tour. And this guy's getting
all worried about losing our freedoms. Okay, what's the matter with you, man? Haven't you got your
balls on straight? What's your problem? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's called selling halivot to the Arabs. That's what it's called. Convincing people that
something is, you know, it's a hypoe again, you know. They got nothing else to stick on there
right now. So they stick all these golf tournaments on there. And sometimes on a weekend,
you can go to three different network channels and they're all got the same garbage on there.
Oh, but did you ever play the green monster? Oh, yeah. Did you ever try that one hole when they
got the 15 sand traps? It's just it's puttwhacking is what it is. That's all it is.
Absolutely nothing else. And the guy before was right. You know about that.
Not to think like you'll notice that a lot of athletes who participate in other sports,
what do they do like OG in their spare time? They go out and play golf.
Because they in their mind it makes them feel like it's an athletic thing. Which of course it's not.
Here's Kendall. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Great. I listen to every day. I pretty much
disagree with almost everything you say if you're entertaining. But they're taking exception here.
I think golf's most boring freaking sport. I can anybody. It's not a sport. It's a game.
It's a sport is like what is some real competition. You know what guys go out there and they
guide each other's brains out. There's like some real physical competition. Sport is a game. It's
like it's like a part cheesy. I tell you what, any time a guy like John Dele can be classified
an athlete who's wrong with the game. Yeah. Hey, Neil, I got a shameless request.
Yes. Is there a chance you could do the Beverly Hills Pairity for me?
What is it? What is it called? I have no idea. It says it's a parody of the Beverly Hills Billy
song. It's seen from the Beverly Hills Billy song. Common listen. Do you know story about a man named
Chad? A dumb math leader barely nothing in his head. After Labor Day had a hang-t until
the cool story rounded up the key and then they headed back to school. Beverly Hills, that is.
High school. 90210.
Yes, miss. Miss. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. How many inches is it, y'all? Oh my god. He just like so stupid.
Hey, like he was nuts at two to surf on a door.
Bowie Paul. I don't think I'm ever gonna fit in at just here fancy Hollywood high school.
Now, Ellie Mayne. You keep wasting them, boy. You already got Chris. Well, the next thing you know
there living in there. There. Checking in the rehab and bleaching out their hair.
Though they're really to him and they're getting lots of chicks. They ain't learned
nothing because they're still a bunch of hicks. Yeah, the Beverly Hills Billy's 90210.
You're all held back now. You here? 20 people are one at 560 WQM. Let's talk about our good buddy,
Glenn Gross, other general manager or a fatenkin, Twilla, who was tired of sitting around watching
the sales holes blow deal after deal and listening to a Todd Drek and blow this account.
I'm dying on the wind.
Goodbye, old EQ. Rides with tips soon. You fell off your exercise by
can't then you died and light around for most of the day.
Or how the hell else can you say? Yeah, good point. Okay, it's a 1244 560 WQM.
Here's a fact that shows a picture of a golfer with very small gonads, by the way, it says
the MS boys who play golf have small balls. And I hear some of them are oranges,
and some of them go in the dark. Anyway, we discovered that it's another one of those bag pursuits.
They're okay called dead out there on a goddamn course. Okay, if you want to do it, do it like
late at night when it's real dark out there. Like when OJ was a putt button in on the front lawn.
Here's the mobile in deer field. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir.
I've got one thing to say. Happy deal more. Golf is a hockey for pussy.
Okay, that's what Bob Barker said. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Um, Neil, my name is Amanda, and I think that golf, the game of golf is the most
stupidest game because it's the only game they hold back with a string.
They hold back people with a string? Yeah, of course. Something like that.
Yeah, my friend, she liked your favorite fan, and she wanted to ask you a question,
were you gay? Are you gay? No, you're not gay. Fag, but not gay. Queer. Do you like other men?
Maddy Cohn. Do you like other men? Do I like some? Do you like other women? Are you done?
No, I'm married. I don't like other women. Why not? Because I'm straight. I believe in blood.
You believe in what? 567-0560, 05-560 on the 18th T line. That was good. That was great.
Anyway, moving right along, singing a song. Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, what was your core, lady Gouper?
Dike. No, a punch. Dike. Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to tell you that the hammer, the hump,
or whatever his name is. He does the nick-beans the greatest justice in the world.
Okay, we're not interested in the nick-beans. Okay, sir. I couldn't care less. Now, we finally found
something more boring than golf, soccer, baseball, all the above, and that's the nick-beans. Okay.
All you newer sports fans, we don't care on a show. You are so ponderous. You all sound the same.
You all smell the same. The arguments are old, and tired, and stale. What be do you want to
game in a series? You're going to get your asses whipped, and I don't even follow the goddamn NBA.
Anybody with a brain knows that San Antonio is going to kick your serious ass all the way back to
Manhattan. So cut the crap. God, you talk about, so let's go back to a recap where we were before. Okay.
The gambling calls, the golf calls, and the calls from the New York sports fans. There is the
pull for you. What's in the above is killing the sports shows on QAN. And after talking to this,
Jack has, I think it's the New York assholes. The Nick fans, the Jets fans, the Giants fans,
the Yankee fans, the Met fans, if we could find any. The Ranger fans, which they don't exist.
The Islanders fans, which died 20 years ago, with Denise Pop fan.
Real boring. If you're so hot to try to about New York, go back there. Okay. There's planes leaving
every couple of hours. Get on a goddamn plane and cargo and go back and leave us alone.
We came here to enjoy the sunshine and get away from obnoxious New York stereotypes.
Go hang out with the Nanny. Okay. Get out of our face. Oh, God. 5, 6, 7. In fact, that's going to be our
pull question tomorrow. Who's more obnoxious than Nanny or Todd Dreck? Which today's pull question is
who's more obnoxious than annoying Leo DeCampio or Ricky Martin? Kenneth Monsmacho.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I have the idea. Why don't we integrate
all the racing with golf? You know, you're supporting golf. We already have Saturday morning,
6 o'clock here on 5.60 QAM. Be tuned in this week. 5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hellendale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great.
I'll tell you something that's not boring. Next to yours, Neil, I just moved the dollar reserve.
Right. And I do want to thank you. It's smoking for about three months now.
And I really never had to encourage the target, but I had to call you this time.
And they are outrageous. Excellent. And I just picked up a Cuban bullet and I'm going to try that
and I'll give you a call on a couple days and let you know what it was. Okay, why don't you put it?
Okay. Thank you. There you go. Next to ours, we just took a pull in everybody in this audience.
And next to ours is a hell of a lot more exciting and satisfying than some stupid golf game.
And we second that motion. 5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Thanks
for coming. We're going to be here at two from Shoolistic to he promises a spectacular show today.
Nice. It better be great. They've got 116 people they brought into. They because Hank was very
surly yesterday. He was real and happy with the performance of the 82 people that were working
on at Show for me. After they brought in 173 different people are going to be running the board,
a screen in the calls, calling people back, checking their shoe size, looking up at a phone book,
getting a hold of the CIA to look up their backgrounds before we let them on a year, etc. and so on.
It's going to be a barred burger, baby. It's a barred burger. It's going to be a continuation play
from yesterday. 5.670560. I mean, I hear things set on this radio station that just make my blood
curdle. I just get so psychotic when I hear things that go over the ear and people are going,
oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, like that, you know, because this is such a knowledgeable town,
especially when it comes to sports. In fact, I think most of these people ought to stick to their golf.
You know how much to understand you hit the ball, you stick it in the hole. 5.670560560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil God, I am, I owe a lot of thanks to you.
I mentally emancipated due to you. You mentally masturbated thanks to me.
It's like I'm educated, yes. You got it. All this got stuff is BS and I believe I think I understand
why people watch golf. Yeah. I think people watch golf because they want to learn some mysterious and
mystical tips on how to play golf better than their buddies. So when they're with their buddies,
they can go ahead and show off. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let them go. I'm gotten by one of those video tapes for
20 bucks at Blockbuster and save us all the pain in having that crap. All the pain did you get that
of having an RTV set? Let them watch one of those stupid how-to videos by Jack Nicholas. Come on,
Jack, just one time. What's your opinion on China? What do you think about nuclear weapons? What do
you think about the starving people in overpopulation in the world? What do you think, Jack? What do you
think about the shooting in Little Colorado? What do you think about anything besides golf, Jack? You
got an answer? No. Jack? Jesus Christ. Anything, Jack. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60. An Arnold Palmer, he knows that he fought off Colin Cancer and he won the battle,
but he don't want some Gip into God damn cards playing against him. Even though he's on the
seniors tour and he's riding around his cranky old ass in a cart. Nice going, Arnie. Real
compassion. This guy before talks about charity. Yeah, we saw the charitable attitudes of the
God damn golf tour on at the issue. We don't want some Gip out there getting the unfair
eggs by riding the cart even though he's got like a half a leg. Here's Miami. Hello?
Hey, man. Yes, sir. I gotta ask, uh, what was that last guy you had on smoking?
Good stuff. Good cramp. Very good. Just came in. Yeah, Mark. Got to ride over here in Little
Jamaica by the way. We got the good cramp over here. He can't. On the subject of golf,
I don't think anything can be more annoying and that includes Florida Marlins game. Right.
That's, you know, something sure you made the best point of the day. The Marlins are the most
boring thing I can think of and the Marlins are a thousand times more exciting than golf. Excellent
point. Yeah, that's at a right there. Okay, God bless you. Well, that's, he knows to
quit when you were ahead. That's right. You can't top that. Oh, by the way, speaking of
can you top this, I almost forgot. Clifton Fatiman died. Somebody, I mean, that was yesterday's
news, which I clipped it out. And of course, I forgot to mention it because he was 95 years old.
And number two, who'd hell in this audience remembers Clifton Fatiman besides me and my mother
in a few old parts, right? Clifton Fatiman, early days of TV, radio, author. Huh? Remember
a Clifton Fatiman? No. Georgia's Kaufman? No. No. Then it's her? No. Arlene Francis? No.
Dorothy Killgallon? No. John Gerl's daily? No. No. Super sales? No.
Okay. Gary Moore? No. Your would Kirby? No. Kirby Puckett? No. Rhymes with, okay, 5, 6, 7,
0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line. By the way, for that black,
Dijk did call before? We're tracing the number, okay, sweetheart. And somebody's going to be
over your house in no time at all. It'll be a real special gift for you. Slightly used and
slightly worn out, but you'll love it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Mobile in Miami?
Seven minutes and 53 seconds on hold. Waiting, breathlessly. He gets his big chance in a one big
opportunity in the sunshine and says nothing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I wonder whose fault that was,
huh? Did we just had a collar on here that wasn't there when I punched up the guy down line?
Whose fault was that? Somebody's fault. Let's find five minutes. It was Hanks fault.
Let's think of Paul. Was it Hanks fault? What do you think? Yeah. Okay. It was Hanks fault.
Too many finger pointers in his building. Okay. Too many people looking to blame everybody
else for their own goddamn deficiencies and that disturbs the living crap out of me. Okay?
When I come in here and do a real crap show, which I can't remember in the last time, what year was that?
I'm the first one to say, boy, did I suck today? And I got a big smile on my face every time I say that.
Yeah, that's right. I said that this weekend. Boy, did I suck today? Smile from ear to ear? Wow.
Yeah. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Yeah. How about getting Jeff Rimmer on as a guest and Paul?
Yeah. How about him making something sensible? Okay. Jeff. Now, you know something I'm so glad you
called. Okay. Because we just discovered something a thousand times more boring than golf.
Anybody remember those hockey shows we used to have? They stuck. Yeah. You can say that again.
He said to me yesterday, he says, well, how about him? But you have Don Cherry on this week. And I said,
give my regards. I love Don Cherry. He's great.
Have Don Cherry on this audience don't know Don Cherry from Don Corleone. Okay?
Don Cherry. Have Jeff Rimmer on. Oh my god. Those shows. They stuck. I haven't talked to my buddy Ray Whitney about those hockey shows.
We used to do that when he said, they stuck. I used to ask Doug McLean about those shows and he said,
yeah, Mike Lane said, they stuck. On Cherry said, Ron McLean from Hockey Nine Canada said,
John Davidson with his big fat mouth that's showed for the NHL the other night on his show said,
yeah, I asked Rimmer's wife, my close friend Farrell Rimmer, how about those shows? I used to do a Jeff
on hockey. She said, they stuck. Yeah. You know something with different voice.
So there you go, Rimmer. Nice try. I have another setup call here.
Gonna hear Jeff Rimmer on his show ever again. No. Not unless he calls in.
And I don't want to threaten anybody in the building right now. But if Jeff Rimmer gets on you, you're on the
bat line. 1256 at 560 WQAM. You know how ever since I mentioned that a minute ago, everybody's
like wiping off their mouth now. What is that all about? Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
Last week I did the craziest thing. I flew the open to learn to keep on it. And then I hit the street
to go check out my stuff. And what happened was why it all about it. There was a black guy in the
haunted corner. I said to him, I'm not and your blood was going down. And it looked at me as if I was
some kind of freak. And you won't believe what he called me. Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, how did you
like it? Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, that's you. Don't like it. Jacob, Jacob, Jacob,
Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob,
he's very funny face for you. And he's those out of the sun and dead and he's just learning
to keep on excellent on one. And he ain't that the instead is less than what old Newton.
As a laser, I thought I was dying. Some would call the paramedic. I would do. Then another dude
said that you were set at Com People. Do the body, again, it will be this, then you. Jacob, Jacob,
Jacob, Jacob, now how did you like it? Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, you don't like it.
Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob,
now how did you like it? Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob,
come on. Next, we have to one at five, 60 WQMA award winning Hank Gogover Show from
Showless State to a two o'clock, six o'clock tonight. We got Donny ZB, DonnyXB,
talking baseball for a little while. Kill him sometimes, basically what it is.
Fill him an hour in there because they don't want to pay somebody to do the show.
And then of course, maybe we can get Orange from our money back for 80 grand, huh? Let's get him back.
He's got a cult following, which you know what that means, small and stupid. And then
in 7-0-5, we got the Marlins in the Metz. Thursday, by the way, you're going to be excited about
this. Thursday, we got a ball game here in the daytime. All right. There go the ratings in the
toilet. Thursday, 105 pregame, game time 135 to Marlins at the Metz.
Oh!
Means we get out of here early on Thursday, which we say one more time, in case you missed it the
first 200 times. Oh! Yeah. Here's the fact that says Neil golf is a game, not a sport.
Isn't that what I just got through saying a little while ago? It's a game like Part Easy,
like Ma Zhang, like Domino's. It's a game. It's not a sport.
Like checkers, like I would say like chess, but chess is more cerebral. It takes a little bit
of intelligence. Going out there and whacking a ball, you got to have an IQ the size of your thumbnail.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, Jim. I am, I, uh, good. Yes, Jim. I have a life. I like your show.
And I reinforce your thoughts about the New Yorkers. I just was behind one of our great New Yorkers
in a toll booth, which says 25 cents only, yeah. And the Aftull doesn't have anything, but maybe
five dollar bill
you know go new yorker go all the way to the airport
that's right go new york as far as you can thank you sir that's right that's
our new slogan on the show go new york
for all new york sportsman go new york and don't come back soon
i mean there's a few nice new yorkers down here about six or seven
i haven't met too many of me yet five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty
on a mobile one line like al gold thing but of course he's only here part time
as little as possible
here's a mobile in aventura hello
yes sir we're seeing on tv this celebrity golf outing you ever check one
of them out no so celebrity golf yeah it looks like Glenn Campbell and
oh Glenn Campbell and hoodie and a blowfish
you ever saw one of them huh no or painful
Jesus Christ i mean it's you want to see that in the other channels the juice man
and it's it's terrible yeah i'd rather see the the
the juicy man than the golf term i need it i'd rather see Ron Popeel
hockin at the that the piece of plastic that he sent pocket
yeah okay thanks is it not you know something that's a good point but with
television is so bad on a weekend especially in the daytime it's it's probably
making millions for the infomercial people for the Ron Popeels of the world and
the juicy man because you know i as bad as they are and is as crappy as all
those products are i would rather more entertained by watching Ron Popeel
try to pedal that crap then watch in some stupid golf term not even close
my favorite is the one where he's got the plastic
what do they call us and those things they're just layers of plastic to dry out
like your herb you know stuff like that the plastic herb dryer
i don't know what you're talking about my friends i believe
time this country has a boring this young leadership
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here's Miami hello that that that was good it was good i love it i got
something to top your boredom with yeah i'm on with uh golf in the marlin
i have your i have the top yes the dictators that pass themselves off as
communists or communists pass themselves as dictators or whatever the
commissioners that they county for canceling the panning games for kids
yeah that one i like oh that's not boring oh it's boring every time
they know it's not boring it's very aggravating it makes my blood boils so if
not boring at all it's enough to make you want to go
right and take away their goddamn visas mastercards american express
and it'll pass a port though five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on a mobile one line oh good let's get this color on
immediately if not sooner okay you see important things they don't get
emotional about here like i've told you before there's no passion but crap like
some stupid golf tournament then they get all been out of shape or maybe like
New York fans get a well-court that didn't take much time here's a line seven and
Miami hello yeah i was just listening to your show right now and i was thinking
you know you talk about other New Yorkers being this and that one yeah you know
the same but the only reason why you talking on the radio is because you wouldn't
be saying it on the tv if you did a new york will come out to you and represent
meaning like Miami people don't do it meaning what
Miami people don't know and New Yorker would come up and represent
themselves meaning what like from like from the Bronx would have which play maybe
come out like from the Bronx would have which play
but he would see your face and say okay we're gonna handle this man just a
sudden
panelists man what because you can't stand the truth is that it because you're
in obnoxious hard-ass
and because the New York next man
there you go again the New York mix yet that's what we're in via sub because the
New York next you're an idiot next rhymes with dicks okay sir
you jackass you imbecile the next the next thank you for proving my point by
the way congratulations and i've only been on tv eight billion times okay mr
loudmouth new yorker another one who's a real big macho man over the
telephone air yeah we'll show you with a nix go to another guy dan dolphin
game when a jet's come in and have another fifth fight in the stands and
prove everybody i want a big in fact your rose has already got his nef you were
as cousin of the hell it is ready to beat eleven stout out of you okay
god what what did we do to deserve them what what in in god's name did we do to
deserve this influx of swill we got the french canadians coming down here
we got the frog fest every year which even with a crappy canadian dollar it's
still didn't keep them all away we got all the drags all the people that got
kicked out of new york every single one of them wound up here all the rejects
no the nix the nix hey i got news for you sir if that's the best you got to say
up from the york then you bet no wonder you're here and not there
is some stupid god in a literate basketball team that looks like the
looks like you know something it looks like a an exhibit that got away from
the york a museum of natural history the nix not to mention Patrick Uink
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty animalable one lie
nine minutes uh like i said thank you so much for making my case god bless you
sir oh see in queens
oh see where up exploring ball
give them a light to the country light to the congress
First I said that he's white and he's dead
You know that he did all this good with people
They do what they trust that's wrong
Just one of them people
The truth is almost gone and I'm hurt
Residence in prison
Is it the hell because fools close their eyes to a shrine
Every time public opinion
Should be approved by the kids
They used to see us
And nothing that did fall
And you say you don't want to shut up
You lose it just that bomb
All the gold on people
And truth is almost gone
One 14 to 560 WCAM
We are picking some serious New York ass today
All of New York sports fans
By the way you're all going back
Except Joe Costello who's the Yankee fan
But he's really you know he's just got a bad haircut
That was the problem
Was the haircut? He used to be a good guy
Until he got that haircut this morning
5 6 7 0 5 60
Top 5 60 on a mobile one line
No but the next video they won a game
Wow we're really impressed okay
Does anybody care about that crap if they got a brain?
No
In addition to which how come we got white people calling up here
Talking about a black man's sport
Let the dark folks have their thing okay
Next thing you're about want to be eating their watermelon
Next thing you're going to want to see a whole bunch of people
Right here next door I could tuck you fried white folks in the drives
You're okay you want to see that?
No
Not a pretty sight
Picking them goddamn chicken bones
Let the dark folks have their own thing okay
And stop trying to like hop on a bandwagon
And be Mr. Big Shot
It's like all the white kids talking nigger crap
You know hey nigger all that other stuff
You're white and there's nothing you can do about it okay
So just accept your plate in life
You're white dammit
Here's the North Miami hello
Neil
Yes sir
I agree with you with the New Yorker stuff
That the New York is so great to go back to New York
Yeah what's the big deal
Everything with this arrogant
Everything was better up there
But it was so great
What the hell are they doing in this crappy place
Well I've got to disagree with you on the golf stuff
You're full of crap on that golf
No I'm not
Oh yeah
Right on target
Explain to me why every week
It's a Bruno game
It's a Bruno game
Every week on one
They also they also got the WNVA there on the CBS
Do you watch that?
You can't even compete with that
Do you watch it?
The match
Sir do you watch the WNVC?
Another guy won't respond sir
I don't have conversations with people
Who refuse to respond when I back him into a corner
Have a nice life
Enjoy your goddamn golf
Enjoy watching all those very important people
Chasing their little balls around
Just because it's on their own network TV
Doesn't mean there's an enormous audience so well
And even if there is like I said before
There are 50 million people out there right now
With vanilla ice cream in their purse
Does that make it tasty?
No
No
Exciting?
No
Sensational?
No
Synthelating?
No
But you notice how they refuse to respond
Just like I keep hearing about
Oh the hockey rating couldn't care less
Okay, makes no difference to me
Anybody with a brain, anybody with any understanding of the game
Who understands the difference between something exciting and captivating
And something boring and dull
They know the difference
And unfortunately there are a lot of people out there in this country especially
With really bad taste
Maybe they're busy at the shooting range okay?
Then the games are on
Maybe that's it
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8 on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile implantation
Hello
Neil
Yes sir
How's it going?
Great
You hit the topic right on the head
I've lived down here a couple years
And when you were talking last week about your lady at the toll booth
Talking to how she says hi by 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9,
I'm going to play off this year. Same as the Panthers, I guess. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Okay, sir. Okay. You know, I agree with you. Would you say about New York is all that? You know, I happened to myself. I'd been living in New York for about 20 years before I came here. Oh, God. I know. Now, I think you're the reason. You know what I find a little bit cynical about you. And what is that, sir? You know, you're always complaining. Bitch so much about you. Not me. Not about South Florida.
No, about Florida. Never said one negative word about this. This is the only. The only other is come from this place is that it is that it is that it like but you're not but you're not finishing the sense what I said is this area is paradise except for the people who are here. Okay. So in other words, you don't mind staying here except for the people. We got about 75% of the people. We got to ship them out. Now, where are you going to put them? Where were we put them where the moon don't shine? Okay. Well, like that makes sense. Bring in some living and breathing people here. That's what I say, sir. Bring in some living and breathing.
I'm going to go get them from. You know what? Oh, there's a lot believe me. I've been all over the world to this plenty of living and breathing people. They're freezing their ass off of North. They give their left nut to come down here and have a good time. Even the women need a little computer. He's over the 85 years old or in sick or something. Yeah, well, let's have a big swap. Okay. We'll put them in a goddamn paramedics thing and we'll swap them out. When in doubt swap them out and have a great day. I'm trying to give the guy the answers here. He doesn't you know, he's talking too much common sense. 5 6 7 0 5. That's why they call it God's waiting.
We're on the sweetheart. They're all waiting to die. They're every single one of them. They're going to go. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five lots of women today. By the way, we had one in Coeurysm lesbian that black dyke that was on there. We got another woman. Well, here's a lady in four Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah, I knew first time I hear you. First time you heard this show. Where have you been? Well, I'm in New York also. No. It's bad though that people should put on New York as in one boat. I'm not going to say all of them. I said 90%.
I mean, I love Florida, but I am in New York. And New York. And the first time I listened to you showing I'm enjoying it. I was laughing crack. See there you go. You must be one of those New Yorkers that am so bad. Maybe. Yeah, okay. Okay.
I'll listen and see you on a subway. They hide a burning. Get 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 50. She there's nothing wrong with New York. It's Disneyland North. Now we can relate to it better. Disney World North. Disneyland. Whatever the hell. Which ever one it is. Because Rudy Giuliani. You know, everybody off the street.
Okay, even a hotdog vendors. He didn't like the weenies being out there on the streets because they were too suggested to fall.
Like for Rudy Giuliani who's going to get his ass whipped by the way. I don't think he's even going to win a primary much less run against swallery.
Five. Oh, here we go. Here's the guy from Brooklyn. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a Brooklyn night. Yeah, but I'm a Tamarack man. No. I'm a flu.
We were the in boy. He is right. But the thing is that we had two football teams that deserve it. I thought they're part of that. You do understand. That's one of the big problems down here. So it's too many go. I'm you do understand that.
How many go. Yes. Well, I'm part Jewish. No, okay. That's part. I'm a Russian Jew. Which part? Oh, well, I don't use the question.
I'm a. But a listen to me. Yes, I love you. I'm so you know God bless you. So even on your fact. Happy soccer. I'm not a fact. Oh, yeah, we believe you. That's what that's what Nuri have said to he was Russian to five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. I'm not a fact. You believe me. I'm not a man. No, that's a Ricky Martin said to by the way. Anybody believe. No. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing? Golfers. Golfers better.
Yeah, okay. Good. Good. Go go go stick one in there. Stick one in a whole pal five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, I'm with you. Yeah. Just as these people know golf is driven by a hundred million dollars.
Right. It's a blue nose game. Right. Let a couple of starches near right all of us. In fact, when he had to put the green coat on there in Augusta and the masters last year, everybody was like, oh my God, this is embarrassing because they didn't use to let blacks play on the goddamn course. And they all said, oh my God, how can we do this? Put a green jacket on a dark, complex guy. Don't look right. You give me 600 million in a budget. I'll put your pocket billiards and turn it in the gold. There you go. Okay. Sounds good to me. When we start that pocket pool for everybody. Right.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm one of those people that probably don't fit into demographic. I'm a tall, dark. You're talking about earlier in the NBA. You're a toss bar. Yes, sir.
And I enjoy hockey too. Yeah. I enjoy hockey. I said, I listen, don't get carried away. Okay. Stick to your own stuff and don't start muscling in on white people stuff.
Yeah. I can't help it. I'm a hot guy. You got you. You took away the baseball. You went to Latinos. You took away the NFL. You took over the NBA. It's your sport. Now, leave us a little something. Okay. Hey, hockey is great, man. I enjoy your shirt too. Have a good day.
And have a great life. Okay. My dark, complex friend. There you go. Here's a good guy. He knows he's got his own sport ball there. But he recognizes a great sport when he sees it.
Like people calling up here like the one guy a few days ago. Well, I was out there in Vegas for nine days at mommy's house. Yeah, you know, he's going on and on.
Great. Okay. We're convinced there really much suck out there. We got bad taste. The whole rest of the universe has got bad taste. You're the definitive spokesman. Okay, sir, because you didn't like Vegas.
Like a couple of assholes I had. Oh, we tried that fish. We would boy. Your taste is really in your tuxless. Okay. Yeah. Oh, I'm convinced now. I'm just wounded. Man. In fact, not everybody goes along. What do I care?
I don't care. I've put it this a million times before. It's like when George is here, which you know, I get a breather this week. I mean, George is great. But he's a hard ass. A little spec.
And you tell him something. If you don't agree, you know, and he is like he's gonna be because he thinks that if he keeps saying it enough, I'm going to believe it like the backstreet boys can't sing. Okay. Keep saying that George. Oh, they're not going to be around or flashing the pen. Here we are. You're in a half later. Their album is number one in 15 countries. And he's that. You know, great.
See, that's one thing about me. I don't need everybody else to tell me. Oh, you're so right. I don't care. It makes no difference to me. Because it's not your mouth that I'm putting the fish food in. It's my mouth. You got it. You understand? Yeah. Okay. What was that?
5 6 7 0 5 60. You know, I had a nightmare about Bob last year last night. I really did. I had a nightmare that I was on here in Tampa again. It was like back in the old SU in days. And that big fat tub of depression was on here with us. And he was just. I don't know what the other was doing, but it was very depressing. I think you can relate to it. You know, who I'm talking about.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I only got two words for you, buddy. Go Nick. Yeah. Oh, great. Yeah. You know, something that's your vocabulary right there. Sir, I bet you do have only two words for us because that's all, you know, go Nick. You know, where the next can go straight to Helen back. In fact, you know, I've adopted a whole new attitude here today.
I've got a rooting interest now. I don't even give a crap as you know about the NBA since way back when the Rochester Royals were playing a hundred years ago.
With Bobby Wanzer and Les Harrison coaching and the Arnie Ryzen, those little guys that were about four feet tall when it was a real sport.
But I'm going to make an exception this year in these finals because now all of a sudden I become a big San Antonio Spurs fan. I've never been in San Antonio in my life. I don't know where to find it on a goddamn map. How do you like that? Let's go Spurs. Let's go Spurs. Let's go Spurs. Get there, ass. Yeah. That's what I say.
Just so you can shot up your big fat, drooling mouths, okay, and go back to New York. Go back and terrorize the poor bastards up there whose lives you ruined and who forced you out, who kicked your asses out.
Sent you to goddamn tenifly and anglwood and tenec and Newark. No wonder Newark smells like that. It's not the fault of the Jersey people. It's because the losers from New York on a way to Florida. They stopped over there. That's why Newark smells like that.
Laman on a goddamn beer factory. My ass. Just just just just just just just just tell me what your problem. What's going on doing tonight? And crying minds want to know. That's why inquiring minds read the Miami hero. Is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien.
Yeah. It's in the house. It's Paul Hawkins. The true mother of the elephant fan. It's John Kennedy sleeping with Max Hitler. It's Jim Baker about to get birthday. Jerry. Paul Wells. Baby. It's in the house.
Sex, sex, sex, more. That's all it's in the house. Scary hearts. Amazing. Right. I'm from Florida. Acrosswood. Fuzzle that has no answers. Our own public society is just for us. I've pulled three letters to Neil Rogers. And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we have to know the bloody thing all day.
The English family rhetoric. That's how and the ladies. If you are the Miami hero. Available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere. And we're finer manure is spread. 131 at 560 WQ AM 567 O 560. 560 on a mobile one line. And you'll how come you're not more upset about Leo the cap. You'll be in a Godfather for how come you not more upset about the governor bush and his guy didn't smuggling wife. You know, I'm worried about the important things in life. Okay. Like making sure the Yorkers all get home safe soon. Not all just most. There's a few of them.
Good people in New York are good buddies up there at CNBC Ted David and Ron and sauna and Maria Bartiromo and Sue Herrera and Bill Griffith and Mark what's his name there are Haynes in the morning. There's some good people are all my good friends at CNBC. Dave Johnson over at the track. Anybody else can pick up. No.
Here's a mobile and Tamarack. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Hey, I just want to let you know that some of the things that you talk about are pretty funny.
Comical. I think you got a great sense of humor. What? No, but no, but today. No, but today just keep doing a good job. Yeah, ripping everybody. We don't have to be with you, but we sure do you know, you're entertaining. Well, God bless you, sir. And have a great thing. Whatever you said, 567, you mama 567 O 560, 0560 on the mobile one line. Nobody said you mama. Here's a Miami. Hello.
Like Linda Blair said in the exercise, your mom is so socks and hell. What is this? Oh, he's really a ripsnorton call must be another New Yorker. Yeah, another next fan. God almighty. 567 O 560, 0560 on a mobile one. You wonder why people despise New York. Why we had these ugly sick disgusting stereotypes. Why the nanny is there on network TV to serve as a warning to everybody else. You wonder. I don't wonder. Here's pompano. Hello. Yes, sir.
It's good to be there. We're not only in New York, but New York is a good place to live. That only about people in New York. There's some people that suck back here in Florida. Yeah. Why do you live in New York? I'm from New York. Yeah. Well, how can you left there? I got my left.
What is my mother move here? And I want to be with my mother. Why is that? Why did she move here? No, no, why did you want to be with your mother? Because I'm a mother's voice. Oh, okay. Well, at least you're honest about that. That's good. We need a few mama's boys. Right? Okay. Well, like I said, the other guy, your mama.
5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm 5 60 on the mobile one line. There's an honest guy. There's the first honest guy we've talked to in days. How come you moved here? Because your mother came because he's a mama's boy. All right. Thank God for people like this guy.
How come he left New York? Okay. He was one of the few decent people. No, seriously, the good people, most of them stayed there. The ones that couldn't make it there. The ones that were the misfits. The ones that they kicked out of town. They wound up here.
I don't want to exaggerate, but I'd say that 90% of the New Yorkers we got here are rude and obnoxious and stereotypical and disgusting and unacceptable and other behaviors.
Averant and totally of the unbelief. Your mama. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm 5 60 on the mobile one line. We got 600 open lines. 26 minutes through. Why does this happen toward the ass end of the show? Huh?
I think we got a blame it on those 55 kids are getting a hang show already in the other room. Hangs over at Shulas and we got 116 different punks running around in the other studios over there.
Making sure that all the all the record books are open, all the statistics book, all the other stuff. I think can't get a point yesterday. I think you guys are laying down on a job.
I think you guys ought to start screening those calls. They're hell of a lot better. Call the nose people back. Two, three, four times. Make sure you got the right number.
And let's have a rip snort and show today on a hand go over show. Okay, because you got to understand we've all got to do well here. We have a vested interest in doing well. This isn't one of those ego places.
All of our bonuses are based not just on our own performance, but also our tight and everybody else's performance on this. Make police station to we got a vested interest to make sure that the other people do well and not just come in and try to fake their way through with they and blame everybody else for doing a crappy show.
We got to make sure that doesn't happen again. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.
Oh, here's a lady from New York. Hello. Yes. I'll feed you. I'll do you okay. You and this is the same bitch that was on there before. They're falling out. Same potty mouth bitch.
They kicked your ass out of Harlem. How do you like that? That's something when they kick you ass out of Harlem.
Yeah, that was the same.
I tried the village, honey. Okay, maybe they'll let you in there. 5 6 7 0 5, but I doubt it. 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
And you. Yes, sir. I'll lie. She's probably got a Patrick viewing blow up. Yes, sir.
I just called the final. What do you think about that?
That's what the Jeff Bush from the Jewish journal. No, yeah. That isn't he looking real good now.
He remember what he said. He's a match or yeah. Then this guy probably would have said the same thing about arrow fitler too.
If you get the same pay off, I guess that's right. That's it. Get them out of the.
Okay, good luck to us. Good luck to us. They're in Zag. He's not in happy pace.
Whatever that means I don't know what it is except that it's got a C H is a you know, like Cox a hoist.
Pace I mean, Pace I hate this time. It's back in April, but it's never too late to say Pace I because it's got a unit.
So you're either German, you're a Dutch or you're like a heave one or the other or maybe some more than one of the above.
And to go and get real upset because they can't say they can't do it.
In fact, we're going to be doing a whole segment of the show tomorrow. We're going to have go and call again going like that. Yeah.
It's good practice. Cox a hoist and also like I told you last week, it's all I deep down flam out of your. Oh, it's great.
From way down there in the bowels of your flambecks.
Here is a four-letter deal. Hello.
Yes, sir. I'm not a New Yorker, but what do you have against the Canadian?
Eighth. You're not a French Canadian. No, I'm from Montreal, but I'm not French Canadian. Well, then you know what? Then you have to ask me. You have to ask me that question.
No, they're not that bad. The frogs aren't that bad. They're at least in a good goalie. Yeah, Jacques Plant. And Patrick Roy. Patrick Roy, yeah. Felix Pant van for a while. Yeah.
Felix and good goalies and not too bad. Patrick Lillin. Lillin. Yeah. And La Roc. And Marcel Cousinot.
I can't remember that far back. Well, that far back like last year. Okay. Thank you. There's another expert.
Gotta get out of here. Gotta get out of here. Gotta get out of this place before it's too late.
Oh, boy. Like I said, the people that were rejected else, where I should know that I was rejected in Michigan, upstate New York, all over the country.
And I said, I'll go to Florida. I've been here 25 years. I mean, I fit right in. Rejects. At least I admit it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Can't remember that far back. Yeah. All the way to last year that Marcel Cousinot.
This guy's probably making his French toast in his Cousin art. Can be that data meat.
Hello, suckers. My name is Columbo. I got off that plane after shopping in France to teach your money away.
I bought designer clothes, expensive bubbles and jewels and new in advance to duty tax with you. I like very high-pitched alcohol.
And they would just let me buy. But I did not get in trouble.
I was trying to get those clothes. Yeah, some jet-dough videos might work to live up my life with special favor.
After all, my husband's brother will soon be your big tater. I'd like to have a visa either. I buy anything I need and just want things more.
I'll reach a risk in the family value. When I get that from the store.
Okay, 143 at 5 60. Love that Columbo, baby. See, Booker Brown was just telling me what a good time he had in New York.
I'm trying to explain to him. There's nothing wrong with the city other than the mayor's and asshole and a Nazi. But there's nothing wrong with the city.
It's just like here. In fact, maybe that's why we have so much in common. The city is great except for the fact there's a lot of wrong people there.
But they're solving that problem. They sent the most of the bad ones here. In fact, most of the next fans they sent here.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
There's one sport that you haven't mentioned. It's pretty boring. And I checked it out once because I think you like it is this harness racing.
Yeah, not boring at all. The harness racing is great.
Why don't they let the horses run? It looks like they're walking.
Because they're not supposed to run. Okay. How about you go out there and run? How about we'll take a taxi to the silky up to your feet to crap out of you?
Okay. We're on those long whips. We'll get one of the wild whippers out there. We get Lucien Fontaine to whip the crap out of you. How do you like that, sir?
Boring. And this is another guy probably watches golf. Guaranteed.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on a mobile one. Yeah, nothing like that. Thurough bread racing for excitement. They run six four long, three quarters of a mile.
They look like they're ready to pass out the exhaust. Then you sit there and wait another half hour until another bunch of stiffs are going to come out there and run for a minute and 10 seconds.
Great. That's excitement, baby. No warmups. No nothing going on. They come out there like a bunch of China dolls. Like if they go too fast and the warmups are going to collapse.
Give me a break. That's exciting. Here's four lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Pretty good, sir.
I live in Booker Town and I have a big cable and I get my bill other day and the basic cable was raised by eight dollars.
I call that. Hi. What reason is you're raising it for the upgrades? You don't do upgrades work? What? The game show network. Yeah.
To TV and TV land to raise my cable of 20%. I got to go with that dish like you had. It is ridiculous. Yeah, single cable people man.
Hey, kidding me. Okay. Good luck. He's right. I'm trying to tell you that. But if you don't have the small dish, then nothing I can do for it.
By the way, Gene Rayburn speaking of a match game, which I do like the game show channel, but it's your annual eight bucks a month. But nevertheless, is he in
Rayburn still alive? Does anybody know? Dead or alive? Gene Rayburn, an inquiring mind's one. I know I love Gene Rayburn. He was great. That was when the match game was dynamite.
Till Richard Dawson got a big head. Yeah. And look at what happened to him. Okay. Boy, you talk about what goes around comes around. Richard Dawson.
He turned into an old. I mean, he like aged 40 years overnight and gained about 600 pounds. I couldn't even speak anymore. I was really, really glad. I was really sick. Yeah. Nice going dick.
Goes to show you. Maybe there is a God. Okay. He just works kind of like I'm slow, modulated reaction a little bit. Maybe he's busy putting on golf tournaments.
Yeah, that's just like that guy said the other day. Who was it pressed in hand? Whoever was there in a golf tournament? Elvis Presley. Yeah, that's right. God. Thank the Lord. I mean, yeah. Okay.
God, even a golf is so exciting that even God's into it now. We get a call on Gene Rayburn yet. Dead or alive? 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pond 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Danielle. Yes, sir. Really agree with you on those New Yorkers. There are a bunch of assholes. I'm sparking a big fablin up for this first two. Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 call up after two. Okay. So that's the gambling hour. 5 6 7 0 5 60 Pond 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's David. Hello. What is it? Dead or whatever? He is dead. Yeah. Oh, hold on. Oh, no. Gene Rayburn is dead. No wonder I'm depressed and I didn't even know it.
Gene Rayburn is effing dead. Oh, and that's I don't believe it. I don't think he's dead. Gene Rayburn is dead. What? I mean, when did he die? Like what was I doing? Sleeping when it's happened or what?
When I least expected it, Gene Rayburn is doing a big queshoew up in the sky. Gene Rayburn was great. Now, what's your name? A Brett Summer? She could be dead and it wouldn't bust my ass anyhow. Did she dead too? What's the story?
Now this gene guy supposedly owns a card dealership and he's not dead. Gene Rayburn is not dead. Whoever called it. Just an alarmist. Okay. Just want to get me all bent out of shape. Gene Rayburn. He's still alive. Just like Don Corleone. He took five bullets and he's still alive. Don't you wait. He didn't love the way he said that in the movie. What the hell was his name? The one that he shot in the head at dinner there was the cop boy. My mind is slipping out. They better come out with Godfather for real quick. My mind is slipping out. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to
the other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go to the other side too. You'll run away.
No, I'm going to go. What you heard? The other side. I'm going to go to the other side. I'm going to go on the other side of the body and go au. And it's not theini McNull Plum. But what a dumb thing. When I was kidding, I was talking to Strato in person with a tabletop. I don't know if I was I'll be sure. Give me your call.
My phone is charging, the DNA man is' office.
Where do you ask this Luo-S eye?
Well, yes sir. Hey, I don't know you're talking about the next before I think you're pardoned the next
Who win who?
New York. Yeah, Nick Nick this okay suck the next
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one or another puss okay
You're not one of those immature overgrown infants that doesn't want to transcend that doesn't want to grow up
Okay, like I said before let me repeat it in case you missed it. Let's go Spurs
Yeah, yeah, pick some Nick ass. That's what I say
That's right
Stick it right back in MSG baby tell him a stick away to moon don't shine
And tell that Marv Albert while you're at it by the way. No. Yeah, no not yes, but no
Just say oh to the next
Yeah, the next thing to win. Yeah, sir. You're another example little puss like you you're another reason why the sports segments on this radio station
They're going in the toilet why some of our people are losing their minds is
Because immature overgrown children like you are the ones that are preoccupied with silly stupid games instead of important stuff like his gene
Raveron still alive you wouldn't know gene Raveron if he knocked on your door right now and gave you 50 grand and cash in small bills would you?
Probably go out and do something stupid like better than a goddamn ballgame and hopefully lose your ass
Let's go Spurs
Hey, I it just has got a ring to it doesn't it? Let's go Spurs Santa tone
Give them the ball fan and tone
