Sport Radio 560, WQAM, Miami-Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Hume to talk to Neil
called 567-0560, called free for need and rarer, or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show to not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Playoff, sir? Playoff, this.
Ooooo!
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Oh, wow!
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to hose it out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
But I have to get it.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It needs to rub it on my brush.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to try and clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket.
I said, oh, wow!
I switched my TV.
It's my legs, I said, oh, wow!
I like to dance around his waist.
Oh, please!
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Oh, wow!
I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Pablo Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it more like a...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my PPE.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I've got my skin so nibbling like this.
Now, let me give one thing to you.
I thought this was the sports car with the microphone.
It was supposed to be the sports station.
Now, let me give you this.
See, because this April 1st, maybe I'm just getting old.
You know, maybe I'm a real sour bad guy.
But all this April full stuff to me is like maybe for five-year-old kids.
You know, there's a spider on your ass.
I'll April full.
There's a tarantula crawling on your right hand.
It's on April full.
You know, that's tough.
Is there anybody in this audience that really believes this crap that just went on here?
I'm driving to work this morning.
And I'm mainly turning into listen because I want to hear because I did read my newspaper this morning.
And the people over there, some of the doctors and the Panther organization,
they're all bent out of shape.
And of course, we saw last night the, you know, the final nails in a coffin, just a disaster,
which I have tons to say about this organization.
So I'm listening, and you know, Joe is continuing to tell it like it is about the doctoratearian and what he thinks.
You know, we don't know, which I'll straighten that out by the way in a few minutes,
because there's nothing that I said that even comes close to slander or liable doctor.
But just like everybody else in the organization, they just can't handle it.
They can't handle the heat.
And then I'm listening to this, you know, this thing that comes on it was so ridiculous on the face of it.
And even I'm thinking, you know, is this possibly true?
Not that I care.
I don't really give a crap if it often go get a cold in the draft.
I don't give a crap.
What do I care?
And then I come in here this morning and I found out that this whole thing that people around there,
and they're like, hey, hey, hold on, everybody's looked up and we're friends.
Let's say we were the news station.
And it was the 1st of April, okay, just listen to this.
Let's say we wanted to pull an April fool on the audience a news station.
And we came on the year and we said, there is poison in the water supply.
Oh my God.
All over South Florida.
And if you've had any tap water in the last, you know, 24 hours, you're going to die.
Or they're dropping nuclear weapons on Philadelphia as we speak.
The Russians are pissed off about Kosovo.
They're dropping nuclear weapons.
There are missiles on the way headed or Castro just had a volumetric or something that would really get people psychotic.
Do you think we'd have any credibility left?
No.
No.
Now, do you, let me ask you, is it me?
Because I got a pretty good sense of humor.
I find humor in almost anything.
Do you find that this exercise that just went on here for last couple hours?
Do you find that amusing?
No, but I don't care.
No, I don't care either.
They're just sucking in a bunch of sports types who cares about them.
Yeah, that's true.
That's a good point.
They deserve it.
And this guy, oh, I bet $300 is about Kosovo.
Yeah.
Good.
You deserve it, asshole.
That'll teach you.
Don't believe anything you hear on this radio station.
There you go.
There's all a bunch of crap.
I think that's the message.
Maybe we ought to have a big billboard campaign, which we'll never have that, but that would be a good idea.
If you hear it on QAM, you know it's a pile of crap.
Yeah, there you go.
That could be our slogan.
The crap station.
Life is a bunch of crap.
So why the hell are you out of us?
I just, I don't know whether to laugh or read a banana, okay?
Another April fool.
I can think about what?
What did I tell you right before the show?
What?
Is it true?
What can you tell me about the...
No, actually, they created Dan Moreno for two bags of sporting equipment.
A couple of jocks, draps, and a partridge and a pear tree.
And Danny Bonadoos back.
How to help me know when you hear it on your sports station, you're supposed to believe it's true, right?
Even as ridiculous as it sounds.
You know, just Richmond, Webb, and Kareem Abdul Jibar for a draft pick, which may or may not be this one or Edgerman or that one.
Let me just ludicrous.
But nevertheless, this is where these sports nerds tune in to get their information.
And there are people running to their computer and they're looking it up and they're betting and they're calling people all around the country.
And they can't find it any other yada yada.
April Fool!
Yeah!
I am just astonished.
But anyway, happy paysock to you.
Happy Easter.
Happy Good Friday tomorrow.
Oh, what's that? Another new one?
Boy, now we've got a fellow you already had this one 104.
No, I do not.
Okay, good.
Like I said, it's another new one.
Let's get that right on.
Immediately.
It's not sooner.
But anyway, just...
I'm just shocked.
I'm also...
Oh, by the way, here's how before we get into the Panther stuff,
and Dr. Raterian and the Cleveland Clinic and all these other experts,
here's today's letter.
Here are incipit letter to the editor of the day.
And of course, it comes from our favorite newspaper that my my hero...
OOHH!
The heading, they put Castro's baseball jinks.
By the way, thank goodness we don't have any people who are superstitious down here in South Florida.
OOHH!
Well, we got all kinds of...
We got the old youth that put mizzizzes on the doorframe.
We got Cubans that buy magnetic bracelets.
And I look out the window for the two per copper and whatever else.
The letter from Angel Suarez in Miami says...
Poor Baltimore Orioles fans by shaking fiddle Castro's bloody hands,
odor-honor-Peter Angelo's received Castro's jinks.
The Orioles will never win a World Series as long as Mr. Angelo's is the owner.
End of letter.
There you go, boys and girls.
OOHH!
Today's incipit letter to the editor of the day.
The Castro jinks.
He shook the bearded ones hand,
and now the Orioles are cursed from the nodulean to time.
Do you believe it?
Yes, good.
It's getting back to it last night.
Do we have to get back to this whole business, this Pogbael Buré business?
See, it's not just a Pogbael Buré business, it's stuff I've been telling you for a very, very long time.
For six years now, but I'm a bad guy.
Most people don't want to believe me.
Before I even get into anything about the organization, let me just tell you this.
We get there to the game, usual time last night about 6.15, 6.20, I walk in and the arena
the inside is almost dark, very few lights are on.
I said to the Usher, I joke that it is Wayne cutting back on electricity now, we tried
to conserve gas, it just laughed, and it was fenced over in there.
I look around and there is maybe three other people in the joint.
Now I will say by the time the game got underway, we got well in the first period that the crowd
they had improved and filled in, there were maybe a couple thousand in T.C. but at one point
it looked like nobody was going to be there.
And as I started looking around in my section and the section to my right one thirty-four,
I am looking around and I said where the hell is everybody I know?
There may have been 50 people in the arena last night who are usually where they are.
Because when you are going to have a sporting event in sunrise, not pay saw.
See it is a matter of priorities.
Isn't that pathetic?
It is a matter of priorities.
Well what do they schedule the game for anyway on pay saw?
Because they figured you could have your damn satire after the game or something, okay?
In fact it would have been the last supper after that game believe me.
For everybody.
I don't get it.
I mean sitting around drinking wine and having matsu is more important than coming and supporting
the panthers.
Even though they stink.
Oh God.
I am sorry.
I want to apologize on behalf of all the Jews who have come to the panther games.
I want to apologize to the team that except for a few of us, nobody else bothered to show
up because it was more important to sit around eating cardboard with the butter and salt
on it and dipping their parsley in the salt water and oozing some horse radish on each
other's back though whatever they were doing last night.
I'm sorry.
I know people like to sit around with a family and they like to have the mogen David but
come on.
At a time when we needed your support we needed you to be there.
And by the way some of the boso's you gave your tickets to who were standing around in
the eyes looking standing in front of us while we were trying to watch the game while
the game was going on and people are finally screaming sit on already you jackass.
But anyway.
Hey life goes on.
You know maybe life is just a big April fool.
Maybe I'm not even here today.
Maybe this is on tape April fool.
Ten.
I still can't go to I don't think I'll ever recover from this so whole and we're on the
we're like only a matter of yards away from that room.
Why does that surprise you?
It doesn't.
You're right because I'm old and naive.
Okay.
Who's being naive now?
Okay.
That's with a Q and a C H. Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in a mobile one line.
We got lots to say today about that whole organization.
This whole doctor bit and that's it.
Oh.
Yes.
Push.
I'm the.
She has no idea.
We're.
I see clear.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
The.
I'm.
We got the rules, we got the rules
Maybe sexy, tech, jet, travel, bounce, and still just think that Joker's up for you
See how the heave like you're back, somebody's with his eyes
I'm rising, Joker's in the rough dance
Channing up the same floor, I
Let me bounce the potion, he won't be a grown shoe
I'm about to see a tear about the ball I do
Press it, press man, I am a stressed man
I need a ball, rush, come at the blue, come at the blue
I'm about to see a tear about the ball
I'm about to see a tear about the ball
15 and 5, 60 WQM, they support nerds, I guess maybe they deserve what they got this morning because the zords is getting all these calls out to you
I think those idiots deserve it
They're not going to listen to what I'm saying because God forbid they should listen to the Neil Ranger show
Even though very often you get the right information from this show as opposed to the other 20 hours with the sports experts
Nobody wanted to believe the thing about Jimmy Johnson and Dave Wands
The way that whole thing went down with Wayne, they don't want to believe that
Just like they don't want to believe that the day that Burray got injured in the Colorado game
That all over the rest of the NHL, they were reporting he's out for the year
And here we were getting stroked and let down
Oh he's going to be fine and butt-a-bid, but I'm open all this other stuff, all these things
So let me start at the beginning by the way as far as the Burray situation is concerned
I read my hero this morning in David J. Neil and by the way David
I was sitting right there with my leaf jacket on and I was at the game last night
If anybody would have wanted to talk to me it would have been very easy, I was right there
But nobody came by and asked me for any quotes about this story about Dr. Riterian at the Cleveland Clinic
The Panthers orthopedic surgeon
See I'm going to tell you exactly what I said
I said that I heard Joe on the morning show talking a couple of days ago about the fact that you really have to wonder
You see Gordon Murphy out for so long and Dino with his back unable to come back
And then the Burray thing getting worse and worse and then they have to send him to Alabama
To the top ACL guy in the universe to do the surgery
And you start wondering about maybe the quality of the medical care they're getting at the Cleveland Clinic
Since they are the physicians for the Panthers
I agree with that and then I went into the thing about my own personal experiences there
And I told exactly the way they were, exactly
One good experience with the asshole doctor there
Where they brought the whole bunch of guys in with a hemorrhoid thing
They said fine, just you know you'll be okay and I was
They were great
The other four experiences I've had there, I'm real unhappy with
And I'm still unhappy today in spite of what Dr. Riterian Rady buddy else says
I went to him with my foot
I had the plantar fascia, what about I think it's a heelspur
You remember that for months
Thanks to the other quack who wasn't at that clinic by the way, the quack
With the magnets, the asshole doctor
Which I'm not going to put his name on here
Because guess what, I don't slander people on here
Doctor, I've been doing this a long time and it may first day in a business
I love that some of the statements were bordering on the libel
Yeah, he's very upset
The this has been popular topic for the past two days and WQM is the first team in the Mee Aradja show
So it says in David J. Schwo's article in the Herald this morning
I'm real unhappy with the quality of care, they look in a smear that I got
And Dr. Riterian, he was very nice to me like I said when I was there
They took a little extra in my foot, the the bone spur was so small that barely even showed up on the x-ray
And he showed me you know you stand in front of the wall and you slide your foot
Didn't do me any good, you know
I mean I slid that foot, I stood in front of the wall and you know looking at the wall with my thing in my hand and sliding it in the foot too
And then months later slowly but surely thank God, thank God
That's the adanthing one away, the heel spur
And the other experiences I've had with other doctors or doctor at that place have been very unsatisfactory
Which I've been telling you and I don't apologize for that and it's not slanderous, it's a fact
It's not even just my opinion, it's a fact
I haven't made up any of the reactions I've had to take into much of the hydrochlorothymus
I've got to blood test results to prove it
I have no reason here, you know when you go to a doctor you're not going looking for a problem
You're going to look and usually solve a problem
Not looking to create a problem
But it's interesting that the whole response to everything that's being said now is typical
It's part and parcel of the Panther organization
This is the sixth year and one thing I'll say for them even though we've had a change in faces there
We had Bobbi Clark and we've had all the different coaches
Now we've got BM and TM, Bill Torrey has been here the whole lot was his both times
Doesn't make any difference to the faces are because it's still a hard-ass organization
They don't like the truth, they don't like criticism
Remember last year with Brian Murray show in the morning guys
We had Christine and Mara come in there and Jeldie to hold everybody's hand and screen the calls
Because they can't take any criticism
And then they turn around and they admit they've been lying to the public
That's the best part
They can't figure out why everybody's conjecturing and second guessing about Burray was his knee bad when he got here
Did Dr. Aterin do the right thing?
Yada yada, and somebody factures me the article by Greg Stoda in the Palm Beach post
Which I'm not going to repeat on the year because that would be like publishing it again
And I know what it's all about
I've been around the block with these things
So I'm not going to read this thing on the year
So the thing is Sue Mayas for repeating something
Which I have no idea where Greg Stoda got his information
The headline of which says Burray bots puts stupidity on new level
I don't know
And just like I said the other day I have no idea what condition Pavel Burray's knee was when he got here
Any more than any of you do by the way
Or the level of competence I mean Dr. Aterin by all accounts is outstanding
Great orthopedic surgeon
But as far as what he did with Pavel Burray, do I know anything about it?
No
So I'm not going to sit here and conjecture
All I'm going to do is tell you my honest opinions that I have doubts about the whole thing
Where the healthcare that maybe some of these guys are getting or maybe they're just very unlucky this team
But let me say it again Mr. B.M.
Because you keep sticking your foot in your mouth over and over and over again
And you bet this is the luckiest organization in the world
I have never seen a bunch of people fall into such a bucket of crap
After two incredibly lackluster years with thousands of people missing in the stands game after game
Couldn't give tickets away and then they got hot for a couple of months that third year
They go to the Stanley Cup finals
Everybody's running around town
We love you Pavel
Yeah, we there you go
Come on Joe, let's hear it
Everybody's in a frenzy here
Everybody's got the flag spun out the windows
The whole town is up whipped up into a frenzy
It was an exciting great time
Now after being threatened we're going to lose the team by the way
Guess what?
Hey, we found a way to take public money
Guess what?
They built the air Canada Center in Toronto $177 million
Everybody tells me a beautiful facility
I've only seen the outside so far
It is beautiful outside
$177 million was one penny of it
Public money
No
All private money
So Wayne gets himself a $200 million or arena up there in sunrise
Great location
Most of the sports fans
And I hate to break the news to you, Mad Dogger
I love you, Mad Dog, but you're full of crap on the baseball stadium
I'm biscuit and pull of art
Most of the sports fans at the sporting event in this town
Come from Broward and Palm Beach
Okay?
Hate to break the news to you on that
So at any rate we go through all of this
You get to end and then not only that
But because of the euphoria, the enthusiasm
From that third year go to the Stanley Cup finals
They practically sell the joint out
We got Pat Krauss 1819000 night after night
In spite of the mediocre play
In spite of the fact that up until Pavel Buray
We have strictly a mediocre team out there
With one or two guys that put out all the time
And a bunch of floaters out there all the time
Unbelieveable walking
And then Buray comes in and he's just unbelievable
He's scoring and he's making shots that haven't been invented yet
Everybody's on a fire excited about it
He gets into the first time
He gets into the second time
Well, you know, they're going to do another ACL
He'll be back in a few days
He's scathing, he's practicing
We're waiting to see, you know, he'll be back
He'll be out a few days
All over the rest of the league they're saying
Oh no, he's not going to be back
He's out for the year
It's a lot worse than they're admitting
And then Brian Murray would add brilliant comments the other day
Oh well, you know, we had to say that
Because if he could possibly come back even 80 or 90 percent
We didn't want the rest of the league to play
As no one had a problem
Because then they'd be a gut inform
And go in after the knee and the audio-addio-addio
So now is there anybody who can believe they've totally blown up their own credibility
Is if they had any in the first place they have none
They don't have any credibility
These are people who are incapable of just coming forward and leveling with the public
They just can't do it
The whole organization
And they hate me like poison
They're pissed off his health
Because they don't like guys that go on a year and tell it the way it is
You know, I'm the only one
There isn't one of the rest of you who gives a crap about this
Maybe maybe five of you
Maybe the other five hockey fans
Not just the people of bodies in the seats
All year long I've been screaming about the fact you can't see the goal light when a goal is scored
Last night here we got all these strangers in there
Most people, you know, who knows who these people are in the seats
Because everybody else is eating maca
The second path to goal at that end
Right after the borac, then by the way you're playing good right at good, right?
God bless you
There's one kid playing good. He's really giving it all
He goes behind a net and waits for the islander goal tender
He don't have the post cover
So the borac comes off to the side of the goal and he shoots it off the back of his pad
The goal is bad
And plop the puck is sitting there in the net
Now I want to tell you you could have sang the National Anthem
Oh Canada and done your Monastery in Halala has four times before all of us stood up
It's a lot better with any reaction
I could see the puck sitting there in the net
But again because of the fact there's no red light on
I mean it just happened so fast there was so quirky and bizarre
There's just the sounds of silence in the macarena
That's why the fans have to be able to see the goal light when a goal is scored
And the fact that the organization still doesn't care enough to get things fixed
So they work right in that place, that's what makes me positive
They don't give a crap about the fans
And that's what makes me continue to wonder if they weren't stroking people along with his Pavel Burry crap
Just at the time when people were supposed to be sending their playoff money
I was poo-pooing that the other day but now I'm just playing poo-pooing period all over the place
Because your organization has no credibility with me, okay?
Mr. BM and TM and all you other fakers out there?
No credibility
I mean when you come right out and you admit to the people you've been lying to them
Oh well you had to say this and you had to cover up that
No matter what you're saying, I was going to be just like the worst thing
If the dolphins pull off some trade tomorrow
And the worst team comes on the year and announces it is anybody going to believe it?
No
Pat the audience will say, oh gee this must be an April a second joke
Man
Don't screw with people's credibility, that's what I say
If your credibility isn't important to you, what does that say?
Doesn't that tell you everything you need to know?
Uh-huh
Oh by the way they're dropping nuclear weapons on Geneva, New York
Just face and stand for nothing
In his courtroom, everyone has the right to a fair trial
But if they're proven wrong, he has the right to make them get down
Judge James Brown
Judge, this is a matter of Adams versus Smith
Thank you Mr. Hollett
Now they're missed Adam, you did a minute bit, so they wanted it
Uh, yes that's right, Your Honor
And oh, Mr. Adam what we said about it
Oh, in the wallet, $200 in cash and all my credit cards
Ah, good God
Uh-huh, now look at that, Mrs. Smith, did you get it there?
Yes Your Honor, I did take this wallet but it's already because of you
Stop it now, what you just take them out, what's wrong?
I guess I don't really know your honor
Well now Judge James Brown say, you don't know better than that, it's about you
I don't know, all I can say is I'm sorry
Uh-huh, now Judge James, it's a problem, it's his own problem
You get the man back to money, give him a better water, judgment, photo, play it
And this Judge, it's gonna sentence the movie you, you know what I'm doing?
Get the whole nut, get the whole nut, I'll be here, you know what I'm saying?
Get off the pants now, it's on the covers now
We hear tomorrow when his luck gets down on you
Judge James Brown
Alright, that's 33 at 560 W2QM, so I went like getting back to our last nights at the buckle in the Macarena before a very strange crowd of strangers
Because everybody was eating a lot of mozza and dipping their thing in the assault water
You know, it's astonishing to me but I guess it shouldn't be
And by the way Joe with the thick voice that calls the morning team with that old chronic caller
First thing I get in my car this morning at home, I'm back in out the car, turn on the radio and there's that Joe with the thick voice
You'd recognize, he's been calling the shows for 100 years in this town, doesn't know what he's talking about
Oh, I want to salute the Panthers because actually they're over 500, well guess what Joe?
They're not over 500, they're game under, they've been a mediocre 500 team all year long
Okay, they're not over 500 and then spider what I said yesterday
Now after last nights at the buckle against the horsecraft team, chances to play off I would say are like
Yeah, like that
Here's the team that came in here last night that had won only once in their last 13 games
The lowly New York Islanders are only nine points ahead of Tampa going into last night
The second worst team in league
They show up and it's obvious anybody watching that game who understood the sport of hockey knew that this team had no interest in playing that game
They were going through the motions each and every one of them
Panthers are ahead two to one, okay in the second period
Islanders are like putting out a listless effort, the shots are like about 25 to four, something like that for Florida or 20 to four
Now all of a sudden thanks to a bonehead play, I don't want to match you no names, okay?
A big guy named I don't want to match thanks to a bonehead play we let it back in the game now it's two to two
At that point all of a sudden just like in that Colorado game a few weeks ago when the Panthers blew a five nothing like you could see the guy saying on the other team
Oh, guess what we might actually win this game well, it'll be fun. It doesn't make any difference. Let's beat the crap out of these guys. They want to give it to us
And from that point on they had us on to run the whole rest of the night. I mean it was no no a contender. No contest in embarrassing performance
Very sad
Nothing anybody should be proud of it was it was pathetic Mark Parrish there you go mark on eight twenty goals that kids dynamite four of last five Panther goals
He scored him he's doing it
Victor Crosloss skating around in those big loop the loops again. He won't shoot the puck old Kirk Mueller old man
Mueller every time he gets a couple of chances it looked like one time he had a sure chance for a goal
He stands there. He's gonna take the shot. He stops. He's thinking about he takes a shot right into the goal tenders pads right into flaredies pads no chance
And in the second and the early part of the third period when it is this desperate game went on and on since team don't want to take any of the blame for this by the way
typical Murray. He don't want to take any of the blame. I'm seeing Chris Wells and Kirk Mueller out there so much I'm screaming. I started screaming at that point
I was so pissed off
Here's the game you have to win the seasons on the line. We want to make those playoffs everybody said in your playoff ticket money, okay?
And he's putting out a couple of guys that couldn't score into the Atlantic Ocean if nobody else were standing around with a hundred yards
I don't get it but like I said the organization is lucky
Lucky because the euphoria has just spilled over and spilled over and the pop-up burry thing no matter what they say from here on in
I'm not going to believe him either. I have no idea what the real story is because they want they got a pack you know 18
19,000 people in every game for next season even though the chances now making the playoffs are slim to none
Just astonishing to me can't see the goal at when a goal is scored and I'm the only person out of how many thousands of people during all of the home games this team has played how many people have been through that place
Hundreds of thousands probably over the course of this first year there and nobody else seems to think that's important
That's why I say the luckiest organization in the history of mankind even though they were public stock baby in the toilet
Look at this phone by the way all the calls we've had this morning so far evidently
Hey, why was listed to the first team George?
Oh, I don't want to talk to that bag it but what's the story on that the dog?
Oh, my name huh they don't know my name oh, that's good they don't you're a hooliow either
5 6 7 0 5 60 we don't have one call on the board here right now how do you like that 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
Any question?
Well, I think it turns right
For me to touch my body
One thought there I'm a body
It just give a near crew
So I got to look twice
And find myself a hideaway
And I know one could hide away
And I close that room
Oh, I find my played boys there
Creamy and ocean
Put the towel right down on the floor
George Quirk
Oh, I put my wrist action
In that explosion
And I pray that no one accidentally opens up the door
I got a masturbator
I got a masturbator
Yeah, I got a masturbator
I got a masturbator
I got a masturbator
Alright
1043 at 560 WDQAM
I'll tell you it's had 72 million calls most of them don't want to be on the earth of course
Thanks a lot guys
Unconscionable
Unbelievable
People want to be a fauna
See, this is an act to me of desperation
I mean, I realize you guys have been lagging behind in the numbers in the morning
And I realize that
And you've been costing the rest of us a lot of money on those bonuses too, by the way
I understand that
But if you think you're gonna just getting a little publicity for a cheap April Fool stunt
Is gonna put you over the top
All that does is destroy everybody's credibility and screw us up here now
Because instead of anybody want to talk about what I'm talking about which is important stuff to me
They still call, oh what's the number?
What do you want to know the real story is you were had, okay?
All you sports nerds out there, you were had
I was had because coming to work at one point they had me believing it
There was no trade
Richmond Webb, he ain't going anywhere
Karim Abdul, Jabbar, he ain't going anywhere
You were had
On a cheap April Fool stunt, an act of total and pure idiotic desperation
I remember years ago you know talk about April
See I'm not into those corn ball kind of contrived
I'll look corn you know goes with certain guys in that morning show
I'm not into it
Number years and years ago on KAT I guess it wasn't Craig Worthing
Went on a year one day on April Fool's Day
And of course our audience in KAT he was basically very very old and mostly old women
And Craig went to the thing well today's my last day at a radio and I've decided to hang it up
And it's been wonderful I love y'all and blah blah blah but I'm going to go up to Kenobunk Board main
If I could tell you the weeping women
The weeping old Yenthah that started to call
Oh please great tell me this
I mean I thought some of these people were going to have a stroke
And it got so bad that he finally had to you know break down and say okay April Fool I'm just kidding you please calm down
Don't kill yourself etc and so on
What's the point I mean it's like it's like the tooth fairy you know it's like the Easter bunny
We reach a certain point in life where things like that were you know it were fine but you like a little kid you know
Pull my finger that's fine
Once you get to be you know 70 80 years old you don't the fuller than anymore so much in your finger either
Here's a lady in coconut crere hello
Hey Neil how are you okay man
I just listened to all that BS at the beginning of the show before you got on
Which I mean you feel really stupid listen and call in and think that that was going on
But I was at the hockey game last night
Yes
And I should have been home actually with my family celebrating the holiday but as a Panther fan
Going to my 36 games
I'm so nauseated by the Jewish hockey fans of South Florida
And they're almost universal absence last night you can eat your maca any night of the week you want
You can have your satyr tonight there's no hockey game you can have it tomorrow night you can have it whenever you want okay
I mean where's the loyalty where's the priority for crying out loud
I mean if I'm out of town of course I can't be at the game if they went out of town for the holidays
Okay God bless them but if they're here in town and they're sitting around giving their tickets away to a bunch of strangers
I'm sorry that's not there they have no real interest
I definitely agree with you and last night's show
If I tell you I am so sick and tired of them putting Chris Wells on the ice
He is forever and over and over again
Here's one of the most non-productive people we have in a team
And in the most important game that we've got in here that we must win to keep our hopes alive
He's out there in Kirk motor
Everybody who couldn't get the job done they're out there and in northern amount of time
Motor was out there at one point I thought the shift must have been a minute and a half
I've never seen anybody that old player shift that long in my life
Well I'm the first one to get rid of Wells as soon as possible
Get some players on there that can at least play defensively, play offensively, score
We can't live with parish alone and we can't have a team like that we're not going in here
Well that's what you've got
Well I don't know what to do but I live in section 414
Bowen every time I see Needamire near the crease
Yeah
I don't know
Okay well season pays off
That's great
560-560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in Kindle
Hello
Good morning Neal
Yes sir
How are you doing today I've got a couple things for you here
First of all those whammy spots must make you puke every time
I really couldn't care less we like the money we'll take it thank you
I don't work okay
Neal listen you open my eyes to something don't get mad quick as I know you hate to work golf
But I love golf and what you open my eyes to is quit going to those tournaments
They're so boring walking around
I just threw my tickets away this year gave me a new one
Why did it take me to convince you that didn't you already know that I mean wasn't this painfully obvious that it was boring
What's the point?
Well the point is this
When are you going to stop going to this boring hockey games with such a half-ass team?
Sir I got news for okay when you were a fan
You don't go to the games only if your team is good
See you're perfect for this town
You're the definitive caller okay
If the team is good or bad I don't care
I'd like them to be good but you know something I lived through 20 years of mediocrity with the Maple Leafs
And here I am 40 years later and I'm still as much of a fan as I was in 1958
How do you like that?
I guess you don't like it because you can't relate to it can you
Neal no perfect for South Florida
You're the perfect for running for me
I go to the games because I'm a fan and because I root for the team and I hope for the best
And even if they think the joint I would stay off and do
I show up and I hope I see it to golf tournament okay
Not you jackass
Perfect there's a golf guy
I got news for the most boring Panther game in the world
Is more exciting by a million times than your prick and golf tournaments okay
Why do I go because I'm a fan of which we have very very few in this town
Even though I don't wear the right jacket all the time to please that fat lady
That was their last week too bad I still show up there and root for the team okay
What do you go because I like it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 anybody from out of town here for the holidays
What you just heard right there that's what this town is all about
What you heard this morning for a couple of hours with that phony April full stun
Would everybody running around calling and doing cart flips and losing bets and everything
That's what this town's all about
Blush league baby
But what do you go?
And don't tell us about our satyrs important to us
Well isn't that sad?
That breaks my heart
That just breaks my heart that it's so important to sit around eating a bunch of
Because some maniacs decided thousands of years ago that you're going to eat horse radish
And seaweed and the purportly and salt water
Breaks my heart
Like I said yesterday when it comes to me I'm unconventional and I'm proud of it
I'm not just another one of the sheep who does almost everything in my life
Because this is the way it's supposed to be
Sorry, not for this kid
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail. Hello
Neil? Yes sir
Dr. Bernstein's HNIe is doing
Okay
Are you not going to bore us again?
No, no you're not
Wait, I got a question
You said yesterday that you were bothered by a heartburn, are you?
No, I did not say that and I'm not and have a nice day
5 6 7 see when I wanted this guy to call he wouldn't call
All you had to do sir when I was asking you to call a couple weeks ago
Was say to George the guy was great, he didn't wonder his for me
That's all very simple
And then I would have felt good and I would have continued saying hey yeah
Dr. Bernstein the book is great if you're diabetic if you're fat
That's great, that's all I wanted to know
I don't want to hear disease today I'm talking about stuff
I want a response today to what I'm talking about
Not about whether I got a heartburn okay, whatever I got a fat gas
In fact I didn't have bad gas until your call
Now there's another one for you, how do you like that?
And another one
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's the mobile in Margate, hello
How you doing now?
I don't know
I got a solution for this cry baby basketball plays, hockey plays football plays
Send in the coast of all let them fight
Take that tail away
Yeah, let that fight
Yeah, if the hot air like it when they get 70 dollars fast over there
Okay, how about we send your fat ass over there
Whatever kind of ass you got, which I don't want to know
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Sounded like it's not like Stumpy Jr to me if you ask me
Worth line me B, hello
Hey Neil, yes sir
If people are stupid like they are
If you are stupid like they are
If you are, they are
If you are wonder like they got a city of the day about George Rippen the callers and categorizing them
We don't want dumb callers, I mean a few of them are okay if they're fun
But we're looking for somebody that's got something to say
Okay, right, but anyway go ahead
But if God made us in his image
Yes, God must be awfully dumb
And a little ugly on the side
Right, thanks Neil
Okay, why didn't he make us in Ray Whitney's image for Christ's day
There you go, and by the way even for a raise in a coma too
Raising a slump happens to the best of us
But why in a third period there?
I think it was even on a power play
I mean Ray and Kavasha they're all skating around in big circles
That's how we were going to see like hockey players on ice
The Rockettes, what was that?
Did anybody see that last night?
No
They always like doing big loopy loops there in our own end on a power play
Like go the other way guys down there
That's where the medis were supposed to stick to the biscuit and the basket
That was bizarre
See, I think it's contagious
Maybe you see I don't go to practice because guys that go to practice have a mental problem
But if panther practice Terry Murray must have them doing loopty loops or fruit loops or something
Because they're all doing the
They're doing a coslaw thing now
The Victor coslaw loopty loop
Kavasha is doing that now and even Ray Whitney was doing that last night
Skating around in circles
Do we have that little coround in circles?
Jerk
Here's a mobile in Hollywood
Hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Happy whatever to you sir, happy daily life savings time
There you go
Listen, you know, you're talking about this thing with Pavel Murray
Yes, and then you know, earlier shows you know that I listen to you know
This thing with Wayne Heisen and the, you know, what he did with the baseball team and everything like that
And I mean, you know, to some people I guess it's important but really if you think about it you know
It's just like with the last part of the golf situation South Florida fans deserve what they get
You know, I don't disagree with that, that's true, you're right
The average fan, I mean the best vast majority of them, it's not about team and you know
Getting behind your team, it's about like you know being seen at taffy, she she
Here you go, man, I got it, that's right
And you know, I got people sitting in front of me at the Panther Games
They spent half of the game waving to people, I don't even know if they really exist
Over there if they're just doing it to piss me off so their arm could be in my face
Waving across the other side, they're waving, I mean what was that?
How about watching the game and then as soon as they get done waving
They grab one of their 18 kids and they get up and they go out for a food and go to take a dump
And whatever they're doing, I mean there are very few fans of any sport in this town
That's why this whole concept of a sports station and expecting people to call it
With intelligent comments about sports, we don't have sports fans here, we have spectators
We have people who put answers in the seat
I mean you know, you look at maybe like like you see with how you are with as a leaf fan suffering from mediocrity
You look at a maybe a good analogy that is the community like in Wisconsin, Green Bay
You know the packers suck forever, you know
But those people, they live in, they're real sports fans there
They appreciate what they got here in South Florida
You know, I mean the baseball team went to the World Series where they made the playoffs
They couldn't even sell out some of the playoffs
That's right because there was no interest
It's just so exciting
I go to these hockey games and I come on here the next day and I practically, I practically work myself into a frenzy
Trying to get some response on things that should be so obvious
And it's like I'm the only one that sees these things, nobody else cares
Why should we, why should the red liqueur, I'm going to goal this group, why should you be able to see it
I mean why should the ice be of quality that guys aren't like in injured all the time
Nobody else cares about these things because they're just like you said they're there to socialize and schmooze
We don't have fans here, we got a handful of fans and a bunch of people who want to stick their ass in the seat
Especially if the corporation gave it to them or their friends gave it to them because their friends are having a pants over a sater or whatever
They're not fans
But they know it's on the menu though, you know what I'm saying
You know, and they know the proctists who have been here, you know
I'll see you at the golf tournament
I'll see you at the Lipton
I'll see you at the Honda Classic and the Lipton
Anybody want to go to the Lipton?
No, no
Ship a little iced tea at the Lipton, sit around be a real pseudo intellectual
5.6 a.m. yeah right
Let's go to the tennis tournament, don't make too much noise though because it's love 30 now
It's very important sir, come on, let's service
Let's try it again
5.6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
What a crock, a crap
You know what I said?
Crap, crap
Right
4.8 a.m.
I'm a 4.8
Happy prom!
Have you ever heard a popular rap song in the radio and thought?
Heck, I could do that
You're probably right
All it takes is a little ambition, some karaoke-esque musical backup
And 1995
Yes, I left a talent for a reason
With the Puff Daddy rap along CD set, you'll be hitting it just like some of the top rap stars of today
All year, a back and back
Yeah
With little to no musical talent and even the less creative thinking, you'll be a chart buster in mere weeks
All year, it's the time of your life
Yeah
The Puff Daddy rap along CD set even comes with a handy booklet that shows you how to get older rock stars to help you with your projects
All year, a good, a good, yeah
The Puff Daddy rap along CD set, just 1995 is just about all it takes
Order today and receive free the embroidered T-shirt reading
Why didn't you kill my friend to get famous? He did
Order now
Yeah, man
11.02 at 5.60 WQ, I'm happy paysock, okay?
To all you people out there, there were two busy to come to the game last night
And gave you a ticket to a way to a bunch of marginal people
There were some nice people there last night
A boy, there were some people that were like lost
And then Joe Castell was telling me about where he was sitting
A bunch of rude obnoxious people with their pretty little kids
With the balloons on their head that kept poking them with the balloons
And the old bag sticking her headway out there
So make sure that nobody to her left or right could see what was going on out there
Any ice?
See one thing you won't find in this town, the word
Considerate, if you look at your dictionary in South Florida
The word Considerate has been removed from all dictionaries in this town
The idea that anybody is considered to anybody else
Sorry
Sorry
Don't have that here, so you're not going to do a long reach that I'm sitting up in this chair
5.670560
And now I understand the last few days I've been sitting here screaming and yelling
I go to the arena last night, that's the one thing I kept going through my mind
I looked around and I saw until about 725 there was like nobody there
Because everybody else had been given these tickets
The understander, they scalped them or however they got them
These were not the regular people that come there
And I thought to myself, I'm on the air here every day screaming and wondering why I can't get calls
99% of my callers are Jews
Right?
And even the ones that aren't you, was even the Julio's out there
They're going out and getting circumcised because they're jealous
And I'm sitting here getting all bent out of shape
I mean, it's priorities man, I'm not important, the hockey games not important
Eating lots is important
Oh, we've been doing this for thousands of years
When you've been getting persecuted for thousands of years too
Does that make it good for Christ's sake?
No
Sorry, I should've left him out
He ain't feeling too good
He's getting ready to get nailed up there again tomorrow
Any tomorrow that day he got nailed up there on the cross
With that thorny, horny crown on his head
And every time you touch yourself, even it's just to go to take a leak
That crown, the thorns get too deep into his head
They must be coming out to bed, they must be protruding by now
Just along from the stuff that goes on in the Vatican
They must be poking out in the thorns too
Remember that's here is the thornbirds
Oh and by the way, speaking of that, I can't with nice jobs here at Bettman
What's that Atlanta franchise, the thrashers?
Have you seen the logo for that?
The ugliest, I don't know if it's a bird if it's a like the two-po'-cop
But I don't know what a thrashers supposed to be, some kind of a bird I guess
And that's what they're going to be for us for the birds
Y'all, that that leak isn't so much trouble in HL
And that little perpy bastard from Cornell, Gary Batman
This guy is destroying it, he is buttering it
More and more new franchises
We already got all these other failing franchises
Let's go back to places that already failed before
Give him another chance at Atlanta, Minnesota
I was gonna happen there
No
It's gonna be disaster, nice going, Gary, you little perp
I hope you have a lousy pace off, Gary Batman
I hope somebody poisons your mottes, that's what I think about you
A killer
Here's Miami, hello
Neil
Yes sir
How are you today?
Great
I wanted to comment about the sellout fans of South Florida
Yes sir, how do you like the guy calling in the chewing me out for going to the game
Even though I got a crappy team, how do you like that?
Oh, he was a schwa-
What a putz
Somebody ought to stuff a golf ball up his neck down in a seven iron two while he's at it
Right, I mean you could go to every South Florida sporting event
And if they're not in the playoffs, they're either scouting their tickets, they're selling their tickets
That's right, you got it
And he's schmucked, so called South Florida fan
Sure, most of these people wouldn't know the meaning of the word fan
If somebody had branded it on their forehead, they still wouldn't understand what a fan is all about
This is the only place in America where you have to give a primer to people on what it means to be a fan
Well, all South Florida is is keep up with the joses
I mean, they're slits across the street, they buy season tickets
Right
Well, let's get season tickets and if they don't go, we don't go
And the fact that all these people decided to eat and stay on Mocca was more important than I said to come in and supporting their team when they need to support
That shows that goes to show you right there
They don't care that much, they sure don't care enough
Well, a good point is when Pondville Murray, when they announced that he wasn't going to be playing for the rest of season
All these people were rushing to the ticket office, I want my refund
That's right
That's right
Same crap every year
Whether it's football hockey basketball, whatever, it's the same crap
Amen
Okay, Neil, thanks
And happy day-like savings time
You too
See ya
That's something we can all agree on, okay, not even if you don't like it, we can agree because it's going to happen with you
Like it or not, it's going to be day-like savings time, sure tonight
What do they say, spring ahead, fall back on your net's weight works
Push it ahead
And the clock too
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8
4, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
Starving! People are starving and we got crazy old orthodox Jews burning bread because it's leavened. I wonder what they're thinking about. Probably saving a lot of lives by burning that wonder bread, I'll tell you that. They really are. That's that stuff will kill you. White bread. So I cotton candy. White cotton candy, that's what it is, with a crust on it. Kind of like most of your underwear. Crusty.
Crash. I'll bring a nice piece of rib bread or pumpernacle. Now you're talking. You like rib bread. Like dark. That's great. I like bread. You love bread. Okay. Two open lines, five, six, seven, up, five, six, eight, eight. I don't know how I feel about that thing this morning. I mean, I'm nauseated by it. Why did they do that? And then of course, Barry.
jackass and a couple other jackass jackass jackoffs in this town they'll write in the papers tomorrow about it
all the first team pulls Aprilful and you know I'll get some free publicity but it's not going to be
good publicity it's going to make them look stupid
there this is the voice of the dolphins it's irresponsible it's dumb
get everybody whipped up and they were frenzy I mean people were really think that stuff is important
which of course it's not but they're these sports nerds who think that's important
and they got these people running around like chickens with their heads cut off
because then they make them some cock-a-many story and then they're putting
40 voices on the air pretending to be this one and that one
thank god people with credibility that's it's fucking that's a raid this morning that was
fuck that's right thank god that people with credibility on this radio station didn't get sucked in
and part of that mask of raid and throwing their credibility away from the April first
prank that everybody else laughed at oh my god your breath are beautiful this Tuesday night
unboxed joint murder grip in orange 50's and a first read
thank you ladies and gentlemen this was my first hit from 1949 it was my only hit
they went number one ladies and gentlemen number one I've got a lovely pair of hairy nuts
I want to bounce them on your chin just open up your mouth when I swing the bolt up out
and right they both fall right in
thank you for joining for my 50th anniversary in show business with my special guest
London Lee London Lee will be joined by chief justice rainquist
and our mind he's single
we'll be right back
puts up murve come on 1115 at 560 WDQAM oh by the way Jeff DeFloris just had a fart attack
oh my god these are in a prostate position they're dragging them to the T-Roll and he still can't stop
Jeff just had a fart attack he thought he's punished April 4 oh wasn't I'm gonna get that
was fat boy I was talking about he was in here this morning by the way in case my good friends Linda
and Dan who stopped by at the game last night good guys see I don't knock all sales people
they were good guys because they don't work here Linda with smarts you got the hell out
I just want to tell you Greg they're all on the sweet art 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 I'll be 18 T-Wireless line by the way I got a haircut this morning and I paid myself
then have to wait for an allowance here's the lady Moe field in Moe field in dear field Moe field hello
yeah hi Moe for your money yes ma'am this is April and Boca there is corn syrup in the
candy all year long and you can't have corn on Passover you can't have corn can't have corn
oh my god that's why so all the kosher protests over candy has no corn syrup in it
I sure hope it doesn't have sorbetol in it hope so too oh my god I hope you have a good one
and back to you happy paysock thank you happy circle two while we're at it thank you very much
happy for him good see you too and happy tissue above okay bye bye yeah you know what that
what that stuff will do to you don't you don't make it shit yeah right well so don't
need too much of that pacidic candy and sure don't need to anywhere with a sorbetol because the
sorbetol you know make it heavy duty baby you'll be screaming from that the worst thing you've
ever do in your life and I've done it is to be getting sitting in an airport can you
ready to go on a plane on a any kind of a flight but even a long flight especially
and to get like those uh certs with sorbetol you know you're on a diet you don't want to eat sugar
you try to do something good for yourself so you get sugar free well guess what sugar free usually
has got sorbetol manitol extra tall crap at all and all of that stuff does the same thing
it'll make you shit and you get on the plane and all of a sudden hopefully you're in first class
you know because you don't have too many people trying to use the turlits 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18 t wireless line june's for nil today that's what we want we want a sacrifice
I'm not talking about a human sacrifice we want some sacrifice out there some juzel take time
out of there busy busy holiday I want some heathen juzel who what do they call it observant
then that is so he were are you an observant you well yeah I'm observant I see what's on a wall
over there I see Georgia sitting in over there I see the clock on a wall says it's 11 18 I see uh oh
I'm serious I am so depressed about the way he looks
bill hummer on CNN if you would have just seen that that child needs help
I always thought he was a pretty good looking kid bill hummer hammer hummer makeup does a lot of
oh the wonders of TV makeup I'm telling he is over there in you you was lobby or in the
wherever he is in Italy and he looks just I mean wow I wouldn't touch him with your little toe
that's how bad he looks the hummer here's a bokeh hello bokeh going once after a long
weight of 26 minutes going twice zigazone here's margate hello hey nail yes sir how you doing great
well I got chance to go to my first Panther game last night sorry it was well you know hey I had a
good time either way you know person it was grotesque I can't it was a performance for the ages the
stone age yeah I can't afford to go to the games and a buddy of mine gave me a ticket so I enjoyed
is your buddy Jewish um no stepfather is actually a sister ticket uh see there you go all the
all the Jews they but you have in our team last night and granted we played a crappy game but I'm
gonna write that down in my diary when I go home the Jews abandoned us last night I'm just fun
well no I knew you know he was out of town so okay well he's all right but I have these other
ones big and all the questions for you that's why they're not calling me they're all out of town
I got a couple questions for you I'm out of big pants and I watch all the games on TV the best
I can do you know but uh yeah um mark teresh why don't they play him on the power play more
because he scores too many goals we wonder what I want to start doing that I just I mean I
I kept we've got to put Robbie out there don't you understand right by the way nice pass Robbie
didn't make a nice pass the person at first goal he's but nevertheless Robbie couldn't score
to an empty net right now I don't have any idea you tell me I don't know and why did we play Chris
Wells and Kirk Mueller into the ground last night I don't know I don't know this guy boil he took two
shot last night and missed the puck all time yeah but that's he that's a good player though that could
then he's a good player he's fast he's a good offensive defenseman he's a good defensive
defenseman which you don't have too much of that he's a player that don't know much about where
he come from he was from the organization all right so I learned something new that kids
of player you watch him boy I sure hope we hang on to him because he's gonna be a real player
well I found you know I found you know I found you know one of those prospects in the organization
that they're always uh given us a song of dance this kid is a real honest to good player well I
found you in my binoculars last night I was looking for you in the stands you look a little
pale with me you all right yeah I'll be okay it's probably the game you know yeah I can understand
okay all right Neil happy or whatever all right happy 4th of July it's never too early to say to
happy 4th of July that's another Jew holiday 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of 18 T wireless line
anybody see nobody has any opinion on the stuff they pulled this morning and what does that
tell me see it's interesting because we got flooded with calls there but they weren't people
calling it would be having to do with you or me or this show they were like you know when they
used to do that what's your beef thing on Thursdays 20 minutes after 10 maybe oh I want to register
my beef well guess what the beef ended 20 minutes ago asshole you know they don't get it I don't
think there's any crossover between the worst team in this show is there any at all none
because I'm really interested is it only me because I thought that thing this morning was just uh
I'm speechless about I can't even find the words to describe it and believe me I've been around
to block a few times I know all about every station in America there's these stupid April first
on April fool Maddie out of you know but this was like uh how do I describe it how do I describe
it it was just the ridiculous carried to an extreme over something I'm sure the dolphin
organization must have really liked it but they were big on it here's a mobile and pompe
chill out Neil yes sir it goes back to the thing you always say this is not a sports town
yeah at the bottom line yes sir that's right you could take the panthers the dolphins and the
marlins and they could become a mass unit as banged up as they are yeah so obviously it's
had to be something going on with the doctors well I you know all I can go is based on my own
personal experiences and what I see going on with these other guys and I'm just that place I'm
you know I'm not apologizing anybody that's my honest opinion I have no accident right with
anybody over there but I'm very disappointed in what they've done for me and so my confidence
level and that joint is very low very low let's say if you pull this up on the net the first
thing is got everybody going because it's a double reversal you pull up on the net that
you got your dot NFL dot com yeah and pain is done it's a done deal yeah so there's an end
pulling a double reversal April fool's y'all great and all over all over America people are
going to be jumping off bridges I got somebody to do it frankly yes sir
Anthony Scott your dish bag okay thanks for the good news you now they spread in of course you
know if it's on the internet it's probably a pile of crap that's one thing I've learned about
the internet is every moron every jackass every retard I mean there's a lot of good stuff
under too there's some real useful interesting stuff but you really got a sift I mean you know
when you when you put something in there you do a search and you put something in there and it says
okay here here are 10 of two million six hundred eighty three thousand responses you're starting
to understand again some concept of how much how much infinite material is in there you know you
could put the word rectum in there okay here's the top 10 of 72 million four hundred and sixty two
thousand responses just to the word rectum there's a lot of assholes out there you know that must be
the reason but wow there's just so much swill in that internet and so they put they put a
farce on over here and now it's going to be spreading like wildfire what what a contrast between
the day when they were reporting by the we all morning long about Jimmy Johnson resigning in the
newspapers as well what a contrast between that and the day that Hank called me on air remember that
day very vividly tell me the real story that he was holding a press conference and he was staying
and that Hank broke that story the first anywhere in the universe in spite of what channel seven
lie that they did which they didn't do by the way liars what a contrast between those two okay
I mean even if you want to have some fun on the on April fools they you still have to be concerned
about your credibility I realize we got some guys in the station maybe you don't have any credibility
maybe that's the if you don't have it you can't keep it right here's here's Miami hello good morning
now where is this the the April fool joke yes yes both of them if somebody listened to the station
for the first time this morning yes it would have appeared that they they were the April fool joke
the two guys now let me tell you yesterday from two to four in radio man be yeah radio be the
honor guest who do you think was the honor guest still the honor of the statement no done lebatar
then the back you hero in the Cuban community he's an asshole demand that save our honor and you
know what he said among the many stupid things that he said that he had many offers to go to
bigger and better market yeah like somebody had to stay in the Miami head to save us to fight for us
in a very weird time we tell him we pay his bus fare to go like anywhere like to
uh in a very bad Spanish right away because the guy doesn't even speak proper Spanish he doesn't
speak it right yeah he got his 15 minutes word two hours of of our the new hero and the Cuban
he's an asshole yeah well i think god is not one of those pandewars at the hero thank god for that
well not on it well the the Miami head is becoming the new Miami head of two by the way right
had nothing to do with the Miami head of ten fifteen years that's right as being objective
in anything they have to do with it right i think pretty soon they're just gonna put out
L herald and just to get rid of the whole rest of the paper yeah could be that could be the way
to go but i tell you what's in it was it was grotesque it was infamous what they're saying
they have a bastard he ought to be ready for the diarrhea of lost america's where he ought to be
yeah well i tell you two hours of one of the worst
program that i have ever heard in that terrible station really it should be recorded and translated
into English to so people that don't not those nice parties wait wait till they wait till they
out he's shaking hands with the del
uh... there you go you know what he also said that he was the way he was because he was taught by
his grandfather who is uh... you know one of the Cuban painters in this community uh... uh...
i read this history the man was sick probably good friends with him and roth to know that
okay listen to us to clear me this pal okay and happy pay soft happy to be sober to you okay see
uh...
five six seven are we hearing from june today no one let's hear from some not so
observing the observant you like me there must be some out there you don't have to be so
god in and bird just because you're not walking around with a beanie on oh by the way well great
moment last night at the game was almost nobody there i'm six thirty six forty nice uh... lady
little bit older than me but nice very nice lady comes over to me she says i just want to tell
you how much i agree with what you said about the hacidi guy that brought his poor kid here with
the shmata on the city of the felt so sorry for that kid
how do you like that he i'm not the only one there are other people who believe exactly the same
stuff they're just uh... afraid to say it and she had the guts to come over and say it thank you
sweetheart god bless you beanie baby jewish kids what a sad said deal
not funny folks it's not funny it's tragic what you're doing with your kids it's just you know
why not just say to your kids okay i've chosen to look walk around looking like a geek all my life
if you want you want to get to be eighteen and make your own decisions maybe we'll give you
a shmata and if you want to put it in fine if not that's your business you're right and hell
i don't you go back to New York you want bastard
you know that is i don't know if you remember me
i was the guy who's how to set up my last few yes god i miss you
even though you pull off my car car all my hair off i miss you girl
but one quick last chance do you think you could let me know when you might
let me out of this pit no one's fed me for weeks but i'm not complaining don't misunderstand
because i love you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother please let her know i'm not dead yet
mirror land is i want to tell you that the guy who saw with your best friend that wasn't me
he kind of looked and talked just like me contact surely purely coincidental i was so
where near that place i love you too much to look at anyone else mirror land is i had a
dentist appointment that day and i was so where near the chair and metal lips hotel i would never
treat on somebody who treats me so good with all those rambies has all that money
it puts the lotion in the basket in reverse right it's 1133 by the way never trust anybody named
al anis 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line we're smoking it today baby
head my doubts there in the beginning after that bizarre debacle on a morning show this morning
christian if we were being replaced by hendry bero and roger magalyn we probably try anything
desperate to you know the qm van we had such a big success yesterday and by the way boring
nephew chris reed tells me that most of the people that showed up for the freebies yesterday were
holy old like that so you can coward and pretend you're not listening they're all listening
i've been trying to tell George that for years ad they don't listen to you
jue boy i said yeah they do might equal yeah might a cool boy
the qm van today will be at the shell gas station and university drive and broward full of art
and plantation right on the northeast corner everybody knows that right next to the vet place i
don't go to anymore oh sorry get the free tickets to the marlin's opening day game this monday and
also to the night's hr block night see the florida marlin's take on the met and five year taxes for
free from hr block right at the ballpark right at old pp park the nephew and qm van will be out
there starting at noon until all those three marlin thickets are gone from monday and to the night's
the two opening night to the season go out there and get them for free even if chris is a lot
of boring side he's a good guy is boring here's a mobile and fort lauderdale hello
ill yes sir how you doing great good i'm a jue i didn't go to the hockey games because i don't have
hockey tickets all right but that's not why i call you didn't try to theme just because you were
having some dumb saturday in the house eating horse radish uh meal the nose is so clear now though i
got that'll tell every time you're right from here i got you know you don't understand the reason why
they did that chick this morning delby wasn't there they needed some action they had to
why yeah that's why they should in fact that's even more of a kind of nation the fact that he
wasn't there they had a chance to have a real show but they missed him yeah is that it that's it
well no wonder when your is coming in okay happy uh they like savings time okay five six seven
oh five six you got a couple open lines there on those outside lines way there on the outside
of the phone thing i think this phone thing is starting to work a little better days isn't it
huh is that just because we get a lot of calls they still don't roll over they don't roll
another not working the way they are too but don't get pushy now you know don't get pushy
well i had a great conversation with them my friends from the old sales days last night oh god
they're onto your Greg they're on everybody here's Jeff Cohen here clean shave and Jeff Cohen
you didn't just shave for the holidays did you look at that he went to shave for a paysock you're
still got a burning hell we all know that so you might as well still keep running a horn around
all over town because you're going to burn hell anyway somebody's will get all you can't why
you can't what is that self-aggrandizement oh this man here's the greatest publicity how did
the world make an effort and be positive and he's proud of it here's the thing in the uh
davi kuper city extremely local section of the herald want to say to you with more pizzazz
try davi eateries that had in fair and a whole big serious Jeff and by the way i don't want to
push you i don't want to scare anybody this is only for the media okay Jeff doesn't actually touch
your food those people are get real grossed out by his fingernails in a ponytail in the schmootsie
way he looks lately uh since he's become a real degenerate hang around with alcohol thing
guess what he doesn't really touch your food this is just a photo opportunity okay showing him
shoveling a uh matzapica and it'll be oven and davi what yeah good good choice and by the way
when you hold your hands like that it looks real you know real swishy okay take it from somebody that
knows take it from somebody knows what queens day is all about and i'm not just talking about one
day a year and i'm still them so here's our matzapica and matzalozania i'm ready baby 73 bludster
for this morning by the way George 73 bludster for this morning we're very proud well i think
you're putting whatever you got whatever you got i'll have a little of this a little that
now is that we call last year because it's on 11 bread it doesn't affect my bludster
the way the other stuff did is that correct because i'm over last year i did wonders on this stuff
look at that see and i'm gonna have to eat this with a fork i can't pick this up
because i'm mung over our crappy old equipment thank you sir excellent
matzapica matzalozania from the pizza love see you don't have to shine like it is you should have
seen last night i'm telling you you would have thought that they said that eight off was coming
with a train through something i mean at the at the macarena i was there there were maybe like three
other Jews in the whole joint i want to hear from some other Jews that showed up at the hockey
game last night please that won't take very long five six seven oh five six they so you don't
have to be shot out of the hockey game you can still go to the pizza love and enjoy the delicious
food because it's kosher for pace off not kosher
for you stop i'm trying to like you know embellish it a little bit it's it's it's oak i don't mean
kosher in the literal sense it's kosher like in the you know humorous sense
try and that's not good and well whatever in other words you won't burn in hell you might go
to a purgatory a little while or you might just wind up doing the limbo rock maybe like in the
back room with Jeff depending on what you look like and if you got the right kind of screwed on
five six seven oh five six eight pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line this is beautiful stuff
i know it's a lot of work to make it right yeah so because i was begging you begging you to please
make it all year long and you said no i can't do that just for the Jews that pays off here is
a dania hello okay sir a couple things i just got back i was up in the soiled
healthier for about three weeks yes sir and you were talking about food and and i'm a gen
tile gen keel happy easter and i tell you the food up there was pretty good i went to a
lot of Jewish television whatever and i couldn't believe that this guy was sitting beside us
wife nine who was about maybe i don't know 9900 is with his daughter and man he was fathom
up a storm because when you ordered a sandwich apparently he came with extra stuff i don't know
whether cold salt whatever he felt that he didn't want that stuff so he didn't want to have to pay
that extra for that he thought you should get a discount just for the money you should have put
him on the bus and brought him down here he'd fit in like a rubber glove the other thing was i
couldn't believe all the sports fans up there as far as i got their their basketball team is
losing a hockey team that has struggling and every other person i saw up there had a flyers jacket
on mm-hmm at a eagle sweatshirt on had i mean every single person i mean i couldn't believe
they can even tell you the names of the players on the team it was on very well like that
there's been quick i want to i don't know if i was out by reading the paper where the author for the
sound to the lambs read dragon right he just finished his his book it's coming out June 8
it's called um animal right yeah i write about that right oh okay i just take it out because when i
get the subtitle is it puts the lotion in the bag right i just saw i watched it i couldn't really
up and ferry a friend of mine had a tape i hadn't seen it since it came out in the movies i watched it
and we and i didn't put two into the game when i saw that i grabbed i found out the couch and
it'll do it hey Neil thanks a lot but happy day my time is time to you too by see him
twenty till noon this is good stuff by the way jeff koan's great stuff what is that
that's right feed the troops you're okay we share okay we're not a much of selfish bastards like
some people on the other side of the hall there don't take any more water
want a lollipop little boy
the young man turns twenty eight discord the sweetest bag of gone the next day
it's too many seats in your dime bag getting to the party two minutes too late isn't it the chronic
don't you think it's my tray when you smell the foam break the freezer when you're already baked
yeah that's just it and you take
yeah
hard brownie that you already ate and you know
a lot that you've read it's like ten thousand joints when all you need is a light
it's like having the feel of your dreams and then finding out he's got ten to life
and here's a little chronic don't you think a little too much koan's yeah i really do think
it's my tray when you're left on break the freezer when you're already baked
that's you're sitting there
who want a dog you get it
that's what room is about the former dolphin players it's just a joke if you like
enough i'm giving you all this publicity look at how you spin this food out of the table now
you're so nervous boy i'm telling you all the people in this town i could get like maybe
the last show that i'm on here you know i'll probably pull the plug on the transmitter last day
so i'm going to do an announced unannounced when that last show is going to be boy am i going to
have some heavy duty stuff there'll be there'll be people hopping on planes emergency i hope you
have an e-ticket and an e-mail five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t while
still waiting to hear from Jews who were at the hockey game last night i bet you i was the only one
i'm trying to think if i saw any other people i even looked you wish it the game last night i looked
across my friend of climbers were they there no no the whole row in front of me which thank god
except for that one lumberjack that came in stand in front of everybody they were all gone everybody
in session one one one thirty four nobody maybe three or four goiom that usually are there
and everybody else was different i'll tell you one thing one thing i can guarantee you the
panthers record this season against an all goiisha crowd is o and one there's a statistic for you
will hear anywhere else on this radio station against the all goiom crowd we are in one in front
of plan only goiom it goes to show you for little inspiration we need a few Jews in the audience
here's a lady in west palm hello leave me in west palm oh boy well why why do they still why
they still on there we back to that again on this phone system oh god long after the hang up
and they're still taking up our purchase phone lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen t line here's a mobile and bokeh hello nil yes sir i was in section one thirty
four i'm a Jew i don't want to get on the gun i want to go all right here's one i was the
well unfortunately but you know what i pay my hard money hard and money to pay for my own tickets
not out of a corporation and i want to know when people are going to get test
yeah but you have an uninspired team one of our guys gets his head knocked off and nobody does a
damn thing about it right but i get started nobody does a damn thing about it a goal taken away from
his last night it was obvious Murray doesn't do a damn thing about it nothing they got no ball when
the last time you saw terry marie show any really motion i think you gotta go there's no motion
no nothing i want to say something i want to say something and i mean this even though i like
decimaclaim personally this team it's a big no no no not at all this team has never had a good coach
six years we had Roger nielson who's a dead man just look at the flowers with all their talent
right right decimaclaim is a good guy but a hard ass he played favorites to a point where really hurt
the team didn't like Marty strach who's only got 35 goals and 78 points and now he had bm filling in
who uh was a disaster and now his brother who's like a clone is like a dead man he's like Roger
nielson with better hair he's a coach yeah i don't understand what one of these things
did you see the third period where where the guys including a ray witty which i couldn't believe
were all they were all skaten and sir what was that on a power play they're skating the big
circles in our own end a great a great what were they doing building up some momentum
had no defenseman to carry the puck jesus kate christ he had again was out yeah he had again was out
the only one who was triad with the one he wouldn't need that uh he's been he's quarterbacked
the power play for a long time and victor koslo they quarterbacked with the new defenseman for
out there well you got say about that you got that once you got dan fourless kids the hell of a
goal score he's a great player absolutely well good luck with your Rob sale a king get out of his
coma i don't understand what his problem and happy good Friday all right thank you and a season
face off all right and i'll stick hit your meat it's i get out of here five six seven oh five
sixty one minute you can you're eating garlic rolls you can't do that oh my god i oh oh
wow
there i i'm sitting here talking to a radio show and Jeff Cohen made the bad mistake of sitting
in her eating right in front of me across the table we have a nice little lunch here um see
i take all the crap i'm being an observant you today i'm eating no bread which i don't need to
read anyway because i can't i'm eating maca pizza and maca lasagna and this jewel with his long
hair and his uh he's got the star david on every finger day all today and he's eating garlic rolls
they are the best in the world by the way the pizza law but but there's something there about
yeah for business for monkey business which you should know plenty about okay five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the old AT&T wireless line he's eating garlic rolls boys and girls
oh Jeff Cohen is eating trace he's going straight to hell oh here's a mobile and four
lottery hello hello nail yes sir i'm doing i was that the i was that the game last nine
sections for one and probably couldn't see me i'm a Jew here's another Jew oh thank god that i
wasn't the only Jew that went there and had my priorities right you know what i think we need more
than anything is we need more Jews on the team exactly we got rid of numeroscis look what happened to
us exactly i got a i got a good place for you to get some kosher fruit of deli dinner in Hollywood
yeah they love us by the way that's great when we were over at paxons used to send us food all
the time right and i got one more thing i know what i'm angst looking for a new place to live maybe
um sunrise lakes and sunrise phase one two three and four okay okay i'll pass it along
thank wasn't really on that show this man was he really on there participating in that fraud
destroying his credibility here is a man my good friend Hank who's worked 97 years to build up his
credibility not just here but all over the country at ESPN in a sports market and he gets sucked into
participating in one of the most bogus well anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t wireless line he's dipping he's eating garlic rolls dripping with garlic and
dipping it into a schmutz in there eating tray right here on pay saw Jesus Christ even i'm upset about
this unsubsettling people home and have a cheeseburger here's a mobile implantation hello
uncle veil yes sir section one twenty one two another jute
oh oh
great we can't win a face off yeah save our life see i think and we couldn't win an important face off
but you know something we can't even win an unimportant face off and how come they never call
pineouts after after they they did they did call one last night because you want to keep the same
we only had like you know three or four guys that can score so you want to keep the same guys
out there for the rest of the power play and then everybody love everybody loves between the
second and the third we were walking around yeah and everybody both yeah well you've got to
understand you know you must have seen as well as i saw that these were not the regular people last
night that nobody uh the news were just uh you know somebody gave you some tickets they showed up
for a little while i said oh this is pretty boring let's go you know that was it let's get rid of
the path of a troll ready after they clean the ice in the path of a troll like see ice yeah but
then the crowd will be down to three thousand a gamer you can me yeah that's the that's the only high
emotion is the panther patrol and when they do the puck shuffle up on the scoreboard and i asked
rimmer by the way about that any of brunny dads with the bad eyebrows that they put up on the
scoreboard between periods i said what's with this brunny dads and when we said he's an asshole
and let's get rid of do morphe doing the in between who?
do morphe from big one oh yeah that guy that's horrible the worst we get rid of him
got a one now they look at dead man like Chris uh read and we want Aaron Brighale back for you
absolutely oh and that brought last night i'm gonna tell you something and talk about
embarrassing the only emotion i ever saw from from uh from bruh and what was that about?
no no seriously the only emotion ever saw from terry muri you know she was in the middle of the
national anthem and i looked down and like even the players were shocked terry muri looks down
at her and says look at the son that blonde man and i just about died you can hear all the
with the with the nose with the jewish nose five is on pal thank you easy five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warless line yes we exhausted all the jews that were the
game last night and he interested in that the bogus thing this morning see there's no crossover
there's absolutely no cross to bear on this show because there ain't no crossover from that bogus
morning show i i would like to find out and believe me when i do find out whose brainchild that idea
was this morning i will be the first i'll hold a press conference to announce it when i find out
who came up with an idiotic idea to destroy whatever little credibility they had left on your
dolphin station a little bird just whispered i can't tell you who and i wouldn't anyway i have
the answer to who i came up with that bogus idea this morning ever hit the old expression fat head
ring any bells with you yes boy you talk about pathetic
you talk about tragic and if they didn't even after i had agreed with him you know a couple of
things he said the other day about the quality of health care that some of these players are
getting we have to be suspect and start looking into it because they're not ever coming back
i thought that the little dog was turning the corner and all of a sudden he took a turn for the
first uh show rose show rose number eighty the former tight end with the Miami dolphins with your
Miami dolphins this morning comes on here and says i like the we we yeah and makes a total
count out of himself comes up with his cockamany idea and of course default being the whip that he is
who go along with just about anything because he's like a like a like a feather in the in the breeze
like a finesse debris you know he goes along so yeah okay whatever you say Joe fat head
Joe rose a man who we thought was finally making some progress okay let me say it again if you
want to talk to a tight end it really knows how to be a broadcaster got a sense of humor i'll tell
you one guy yeah he'll be on five thirty to seven today because Hank's being Jewish after you know
after five thirty comes what what do you what do you uh
drooling and burping and puking and what
so go to the pizza loft okay this weekend today tomorrow and how long do you do this thing by the way
whether you must kill past over so we've got another week till it till it's over till he can
milk it for all he can get it's good stuff or really is five six seven oh five sixty pound and
he doesn't touch it don't forget pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless one kiss my rear end
eight sounds that you hate but i'm in eighty and i think they're really great i doubt that you can't
handle one or two much less all eight eight sounds that you hate the men from the boys they will surely
separate i tell you what they are guaranteed you'll go yeah i like fingernails on a blackboard
but people back there next for the knuckles when i rubbed i rubbed them together
that just makes me shut up hey sound you can't stand
what you could tolerate if you were handsome and i am and to the list of eight
a four get a knife graphing on a plate graphing on a plate graphing
here's what i really love you might want to try it give me feedback in my head for
oh yeah that's more like it little more little more over there little more
hey sounds so you need now let's review so you can really really free figure nails on a blackboard
but people back there next for the knuckles rubbed and styrofoam together
cause it makes me shuffles i like when you sneak your down a gym floor
raising in a movement of windows when it gets in the drilling my mooring
that makes me say no my boy singing on his record
you can't hold on five china if these i'll give you the shivers that makes you a whiner
hey you gonna nut the someone fight their fourth like this
oh i love it here i'll do it again do you have a nervous system left no how about the sweet
you i think a window i'll back my neck
so i pray you win stop for a win oh wait i got one more
hello four five sixty wq and we got hang from the two the worst hang today by the way today is
Thursday hangs in the studio till five thirty i'm sure you'll be apologizing for being sucked into
that grotesque in this morning that was your roses idea by the way oh i shouldn't know a fat head
like him a dumb next jack like him would come up with a bogus stunt like that man and then five thirty
seven we got mad dog mandates yeah when you when he tells you something you can take it to the
bank and make a deposit and then we got the a panther pregame any interest panthers at the
caps that i interested in that no i'm sure there's not and with pretty good reason to
birthing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a lady in
Miami hello yes me i don't know but i don't know whatever i think boy i the pope who thinks
now he's gone or jellies is once in the stop the bombing on Easter nice say what he wants
and to stop the bombing on Easter he does your annual border to pope the pope yeah yeah so that when
he got the motor off now i think he can do anything but there's of course not going to
i would i'd be dropped a little one on the Vatican too i just a neutron bomb we don't want to
mess up all that good the art you know that would improve that really good and kill all his
little part little boy partners all this is not all polluted anyway okay well have another one
for us happy pace off she's uh you're right you're right off the bat that's the drunken bitch yes
now i did see the question mark oh i love her she's great for you know if you last for about
thirty seconds five six seven oh five sixty she calls like that are fine we like to talk into
drunks cheap drunks and pound five sixty on the mobile one line what's wrong with that i like
uh you know speaking of cheap drunks here don't take it personally to have just because it's true
here's a mobile in Miami hello oh here's somebody at the gas station is that what that is
mobile in Miami to get a exon going once going twice hello yes sir
hey i'm a junior in the middle of pumping it sir no no no i was waiting to get on line with you
you hit everything right on the nose every time you speak i was at the panther game the other night
with the ranges i was in section one i want to get to an effort that was i was i was in section
one twelve four rows off the ice let me tell you besides the fact that the panther can't play hockey
the fans had only been all hockey games going on that's right it was so quiet when the game started i
thought i was at a funeral not one bit of a motion from the this is a big rivalry now you know
they're going for absolutely correct that's right it was nothing going on these people did not know
what hockey games going on they should be the shame that i saw i'm a ranger fan i was wearing
ranger jersey now i was down but they spend to not deserve hockey down here they should just sit
home stay home and just watch it on TV it's disgusting okay i just want to let you know by the way
okay happy uh poor them happy fast over the years to see happy suckers yeah there was a kid with
kid came by last night with a cross on he says a happy poor or whatever he said
i should have said yeah happy fourth of a good friday to you too
all these silly holidays man i can't believe all you people that shine this last night
i cannot believe it i'm sure i thought there was going to be a poem in the lights we're
never going to come on i thought they were going to play the game in the dark which quite frankly
they might as well have last night coach he's in the dark we'll see it terry i think it's
going to be goodbye to be in and goodbye to tm at the end of this year play a lowly team like the
freaking allotters who don't even show up let me say it again they did they barely even got off
the the team bus that's how uninvolved and disinterested they were in the proceedings in the
macaroon the last night they were just basically saying here take all the shots you want go and have
a good time we don't give a crap and we didn't have a lot of shots but of course most of them
not real scoring chances and many many of them want to the net and we got victor who wouldn't shoot
it if they give him a god damn uzi and then they we let him tie it up thanks to that bad bad play
at center ice by the big black guy named peter nice going air peter and they tie it up all of a
sudden they said hey guess what these guys want to stand the game we have a one and so god damn
long let's go and they did nice going Terry anyway
here Roger's guy and now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address he's in the
oval office with the gold drapes behind him and he is preparing to address the American people
music plays my fellow Americans I have deployed our forces to put up a fight in a place called
co-subble outside of alpania where all the mess and don't use gold right there in co-subble we're
gonna blow away Serbian Muslims in the KLA
slap on a Milo Civic is mad because his nickname is slawb later of co-subble
freekast enclosions hero Dep complicates
So, a few minutes ago, evidently, right about the strokenoom.
Over the intercom, somebody played, yesterday's a little song
and a dance I did here about this gate club, about the inner circle here.
I think it was earlier than that. Was it earlier? Oh, good.
I hope so. I hope like before some people ran out of here for lunch.
Whoever did it, God bless you. Thank you.
About the little inner circle of Greg Read and his personal buddies and all these little
ass-looking memos about the employee of the month and who's a good friend and a good person.
And we only fired him 25 times. And we kept bringing him back and giving him a promotion and a
title every time it came back because nobody else would hire him on a bet of.
Yep, guess what? We're just here to do a job, Greg. We're not here to schmooze. We're not here to
be part of your little inner circle. We're not here to look at the naked pictures. We're not here to
hang out with all the other folks. Okay, we're just here to do a job. I know that's revolutionary.
It might actually have something to do with broadcasting. But that's the language we speak.
You got it? No. Didn't think so. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a lady in West Palm Beach. Hello?
Lady in West Palm. Again, 26 minutes, 13 seconds, she's gone.
See these lines don't disconnect. Like, wait, this is number now we've re- we've gone back.
What? 15 months. Time for the same person. There are dodo's over there. The same people,
they put the phone down. They walk away. They're idiots. So in other words, you're saying this broad
in West Palm is sticking the phone down. That's f***ing good. Maybe she's got it in her
rectum. That's the problem. Maybe she's got an inner rear problem. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. We're talking. And did we get, you know, isn't this amazing?
Even after all the stuff that we got through on this show, this should be a real fly opener for
everybody. If you could have seen the hysteria that was going on when I first sat down here this
morning. And when we came on the air over this Joe Rose prank that they pulled about this
make-believe dolphin trade that all these macho sports faggots got sucked into this morning
about trading Richmond, Webb and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Dan Marino and Jimmy Johnson and the water
boy for the 85th round draft picker. Some stupid thing. And I asked, I said, is anybody got anything
that they think it was funny? Did they pissed off? Did they think it was a, have we had one call
about that? No. No. I'm talking about on the air. We had 72,645 calls. We kept track off the air
from people going, like that. Is it true? Yeah. Every one of them calling and saying,
like that. What are you looking for, Brian? What's your, huh? He's out in the hallway. He's banging
somebody in a hall. Not one call. Did we have an issue about that? Speak now or forever. Hold
your piece. Okay. If there's anybody who heard that stuff this morning because otherwise,
I'm convinced there may have been a little crossover like a year ago between the morning show and
this one. Now I would say it's the big none. None. Never seen the big none. Wow. I'm going to have a
chance. He's got five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miramar. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes. Neil. I had a true radio action in this morning. Yeah. I have been to be
tuning over again, ready for your show and heard the, the hysteria. And you know, I thought at first,
you know, this is April Fool's. Yeah. But when Hank came on, Hank didn't really come on there.
Didn't he? Hey, Neil did a man with sports credibility like nobody else. I know in America
who broke the Jimmy Johnson story all over the planet all over the world. This man came on and
participated in a hoax this morning. That was your telling me, sir. Let me say you, Neil.
That was funny. Hank's voice came on and said that he had been voice. He confirmed it. Yeah.
Either, either a if they did use his voice, if I would say, who does it sounds like George?
I would be pissed. You know who this sounds like? Who? You.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. What was one of the, wasn't that? I
can't even tell them apart anymore. Maybe it wasn't. If you're not one of those assholes, I apologize,
sir. But for somebody to come on here and tell me that Hank would participate, a man like I said,
I know Hank's got a good sense of humor. So do I. That's the only reason we survive in this business.
But to participate in such a fraudulent thing, the dolphins, I mean next to this show,
next to the Neil Rogers show, the dolphins are the marquee of this radio station. That's what Sam
just told me. By the way, how is that? Have you been, have you heard from him yet?
George? No. So he must be doing some business out there at the shell station. Well, I haven't
promoted again because we've been busy. We haven't been, not either yet. It says from noon till
whatever. I don't think I'll even leave soon enough because he was eating the free food. That's right.
I saw him in there. Well, maybe the free food will improve his personality. We don't want to hear
any more knocks to Chris Reed. Okay. We like Chris Reed. There's not too many people in the building. We
like all that much, but he's one of me. He's a good guy. The fact that he's got a boring,
bland personality, he can't help it that he's part of the read family that he's, you know,
that he was born in as such a dull family. He's just getting there right now. He's just getting
there right now. So now's the good time. You want those free tickets, marlins games, marlins and
meds, H and R block night. Then the QAM van look forward to the shell station right there at
Broward and University on the northeast corner. You know where it is right across from the convenience
store where the plantation cops make the coffee 24 hours a day. And right next to that vet, I used to
go to until okay, where's a mobile in dear field B? Chill out. Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering,
well, I know you didn't, but I was watching your buddy Larry King the other night. And he had on
this before and minister, the Yugoslavian foreign minister. And this guy is just too dumb to play dumb.
He was talking about that. Yeah. He was talking about the whole crisis. And he was calling, he was
blaming NATO for committing crimes against humanity by not doing torture. Yeah. I mean, what is wrong
with these people? Sir, anybody that's going to knock what is going on over there, anybody that's
citing with these scumbag serves as far as I'm concerned, they need to be put in a scent of camp.
We're watching, okay. You were watching these pictures of these tragic poor people walking with
like a blanket or a coat or like little kids with a teddy bear under their arm. That's their whole life.
That's all they got left. And you know, this business ethnic cleansing, the word is slaughter.
They're slaughtering their barbarians, their butchers. There was more. This guy was also denying that
the Serbian and what was Larry saying? Probably. Yeah. Yeah. Larry was, you know,
stuck in anything controversial. Fucking around. Yeah. Yeah. Well, screw him, pal.
I have to have whatever happy or whatever you're celebrating. Happy day like God damn savings time.
I want to hear from some non-observant Jews out there who are sick and tired of all this stuff
that our whole lives have to be interrupted. I mean, this is one of those, see, Hanukkah
Passover eight day deal we got here now, see. Another eight day deal.
Jews know how to do it, right? We don't do a holiday for like one day. Most of the holidays,
I mean, young Kipper only one day because he wants to fast for eight days.
But the really good ones we do multiple days. Jewish women, they don't do it. They don't even do
single much less multiple orgasms, but multiple days for holidays. More days for Jeff to sell it.
This is good stuff, by the way. Great stuff. And all the goyms. All the goyms are loving it too,
by the way, this building. Well, I wish I could be here tomorrow to see all the people that are
going to show up for a good Friday. Can't make it though. You know, listen, anybody thinks that I
should be working on good Friday. I say screw you, okay? I'm a good Catholic boy. 5, 6, 7,
05, 60. I've been in a Catholic church. In fact, I was working in what station was it in WALM
and Albion, Michigan a million years ago, 1973. 70, 63. No, no, 65. 1965, I worked WALM
in Albion, Michigan. And on the weekend, I used to have to go. I'm pretty sure that was the station.
Go to the Catholic church. We used to carry the church service and set up the equipment there. Turn
on the amplifiers. And, you know, so I used to have this at there and sit through a Catholic service.
Did you take communion? And I used to watch them alter boys. And used to kind of
give me these little facts in the church. Arouse the little bit. Did you go get on your knees and
open your mouth? No, they were on your knees where their mouth opened. Here's the Lady Mobile in
Coral Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I love you, Neil. Of course. And I first thing I want to tell
you is I'm Jewish and I was at the hockey game last night. Oh, great. Did you see Kurtz Walsk
skating with a 2-2 on last night? What was he doing out there so much over and over? It was like
Terry Murray was punching us with him. He's a jerk. Yeah. Couldn't stand them. But you know what?
I don't know about the competition like some stupid idiotic jerk. Right. That's right. Anyway,
and the other thing I wanted to tell you is we were so relieved to see you at the hockey game last
night. Why is that? When we were going there, we passed a really bad car wreck and there was a
Corvette there. Not mine. And we I know. Thank God. What color was it? You know, it was pretty dark.
It looked like a dark color. We couldn't see the star. But it was nasty and it was a pile up.
But we were very relieved that you were there. Where was it? I was right on the
office of the Oakland Park saw Greta and right around the corner from the entrance to the parking
once. It was really bad. Not this kid. Thank God. I get there nice and early. I was the only one
in there. Me and the usher. There was nobody else in there. Was darker. Was fencer. Yeah, I know.
I had my mom's and a wife just said it was okay to go. We were there. Okay, great.
And the other thing too, I heard you say that the Murray brothers are like maybe toast at the
end of this year. But that's just wishful thinking. I'm just praying.
During these religious holidays over the weekend, including tomorrow, I'm spending all good Friday
in church tomorrow with my catlick friend praying so we can say goodbye to the mother brother.
I don't want to wish them any ill. Don't go away, mad. Just go away, boys.
You got it. Okay. And how do you like that Wilson? He got a zelang, huh?
Well, that was that was scary. That was very scary.
For Mike Wilson, we just got him. He's a good kid. He's playing good for us.
And this kid got a hit. There it was a clean hit. But he didn't see it coming in. Boy, he went down
in a heap. I mean, he got just knocked out cool. And you always just hold your breath when you see
that. But he finally got up. He'll be okay. Second to make concussion.
And one last thing I'll leave you with. My husband taped your show three day off the radio. And we
have for the last four years. And we have all your tapes. And we listen to them in our car
whenever we take long trips. And we love you. Oh, God bless you sweetheart.
Have a happy pay. Happy Shabuas. Thank you. Bye. Bye.
1225 Joe Rose was the one that came up with the bonehead idea to take away the credibility
from the warning show this morning. I say a pox. Okay. A poxie on you, man. I like Joe. He's a
good guy. But man, this time there's time you went down to wrong road. Okay. I think that doctor
over there maybe he's got a pointer to about you. In fact, that wouldn't be surprised if Dr.
Orterian, even though he's not a brain surgeon, might want to do a little of bottomy on Joe Rose
after whatever in the paper this morning. Little exploratory surgery in there to see if there's
anything on the inside. Think there is no. Come up with some bogus half-ass. And you see the reason
we're not hearing from these. They're listening. These sports bags. They're listening. But they're
too embarrassed because they got sucked in. They got sucked in by the worst team this morning.
How do you like that? How much are they like it? By the Jeff DeFloris and the little dog with a big
fat head. God. He didn't wave to me this morning though. I walked by there and the car was
meant to take a leak and I walked by. Hey, that was Joe on the phone. He was probably cooking up
the next phone he guessed to call in. But please don't tell me that's a humper that my good dear
friend. Hey, Goldberg. Hey, stop it. The man, I mean, who is so this man. And of course he
gets stuff wrong. You know, the Wilk Park thing was funny. He didn't think so. But it was funny
because it's and the reason it was funny was because Hank is the one guy who usually knows this stuff.
That's why it was funny because it was so unusual. But a man who is so meticulous about being on top
of the stuff and not being just another BS artist like Barry Jackass and the morning guys and all
these fat fat fat fat fat. All these guys that talk a lot don't have any sources. Don't know what
they're talking about. A man who is so scrupulous about his reputation as being the sports
naven who can drop more names in a half a minute than you will in the lifetime. And they suck him
into participating in this fraud on this guy damn radio. 1227 and 560 WQAM. Great shoes that fit
right at great prices. Again, I'm talking to you about brand issues of pompano. You know, I'm still
walking around with these silly sandals on because of that little, that little tiny booboo on my big toe.
It's not a big deal. It's healing fine. But when you're diabetic man, if you wear a
stoke shoe and I made a mistake, it's my fault. Two weekends ago, I put on a pair of shoes,
old shoes. They weren't fitting me right. They were like, you're a tape in my feet. And the next
thing you know, I look at my toe and I got a like a bloody toe. I stubbed it and the toe too.
I've had you in this a long time.
Now here's Larry Chang from Italy for Marilyn Quill. Hello. Oh, yes, Larry. I gotta say that you
look great in that miniscord and leather busier. Thank you. Are you wearing any underwear?
No. Well, it's very provocative. You ain't seen nothing yet.
Oh my god. Have you ever seen anything like this?
At the zoo. Put Alicia in that thing and take it for a walk.
385, continues followed by world views after this local commercial break. Next on CNN.
Property to a 560 WQM. A couple open lines. 560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line. Thanks
again to Jeff Cohen for bringing us by a great lunch. How do you like that? Here's the heathen
sitting here eating great stuff. Mots of pizza and Mots of lasagna. I mean, anybody can sit there
eating a crap out of a box. The cardboard with butter and salt on it.
I'm doing the good stuff and these people out there, they're holier than I and didn't go to the game
last night. Nice going. Here's a mobile and curl spring. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm standing here in shame. I was one of the sports morons that fell into Joe Rosa's
rage. I would like to know where all these other people are that got sucked into that and are
pissed off about it or maybe there might even be somebody out there who thought it was funny,
which I did not. No, but I mean, it had, you know, questions and then the hammer came on and
confirmed it with his sources. He really was on and he made up stories about sources. He came on
and said he spoke to John Clayton from ESPN who does all their football inside the huddle. Yeah.
And said that he, you know, he confirmed the trade. It got a little shaky when they interviewed
supposedly Charlie Casterley, the general manager of the Redskins. Yeah. Yeah. That didn't sense,
but I fell right into it. What a embarrassment. What do you mean? I mean, joke. I don't know.
What a joke. I don't know if it's embarrassing or a jerk. Me for believing it or joke for doing it.
Pretty much both. Yeah. But, you know, there's a ghost that I think that's the ultimate act of
desperation. You know, it goes to the show that maybe I'm wrong about guilty. Maybe those two
guys can't do the show without him there. I mean, basically they're my sports. I mean, that's where I
get my sports of states with my work schedule. That's only people I listen to and the state. If I
tune in tomorrow coming to work, if I work coming to our Monday morning and they tell me that Dan
Marino just broke his thumb, I'm not going to believe him. Now, the next time I turn on QAM will not
be until 10 o'clock. Thanks Uncle. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Oh, that was a shot.
Bad judgment, man. It's, you know, one of those risks you take, but boy, that was I think a real,
real bad judgment. You can kiss my rear end. Yeah. Whatever you say. What a suck up job. That was
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here is a pompano. Hello.
Anybody with a head that big you think there'd be something inside? Yes, sir.
Hey, I don't, I don't like that. I mean, you don't do that with people's minds. They think
that somebody's going here and someone's going there. Yeah. I mean, Jeff, he must have been going
to trailer park. That's trailer trash mentality. Right. I mean, I don't like it at all. I mean,
I'm sure everybody else that I woke up this morning. Are you pissed off and fired up about it?
Good. That's what I want to hear. That's what I want to hear. I want to hear the truth. I don't
apologize to you. I'd be half of this radio station as marginalized as I apologize. Where's my bumper
sticker that says 5 60 QAM for my car? I want something somebody. The station's going crazy. What's up? I mean,
come on. Now you're getting carried away. Get out of here. This guy thinks we're making bumper
stickers. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. You'll see the bumper stickers as soon
as you see the billboards that say if you hear it here on QAM, you know, it's a bunch of crap.
As you heard this morning, it's a pile of crap manure. Where we gone? What does that mean? What does that
mean? Waiting? Are you waiting? Neil? Yes, sir. My queen. Yes. Yes. I will cross over. I heard it this
morning, but I knew it was jive because Richmond Web ain't worth 5 million a year. Yes, I know. Okay. But
anyway, he thinks in any way, it was great. Okay. I'm glad it was good for you, sir.
Or ma'am or it or whatever. I think that was it. I think that might have been the thing, the thing
junior. That's that story we were hearing. Oh, yeah. We've heard so many good stories the last few
days about this place. And then my nice chat I had with with good old trouser trout, and especially
my close friend Linda. That's a hockey game last night. I love you, Linda. You know, she walked
up to me. I was sitting there and you know, I should have gotten up and like given her a kiss or
like, you know, something. And I was just so shocked to see. You know what I mean? Kind of like the
day that crystal thinks I shine the red borders that day because I was talking to somebody else and
she hates me like poison. Do it just why she does. Yeah, she does. She loves you. No, she does not.
He hates me. Yeah, she loves the car. Hates me. She thinks I'm a prick. She knows your sweet heart.
No, no, she doesn't. You're a butter muffin. And even little Sabrina, I mean, I'm talking to some
people. I mean, see, you think I'm not a sensitive person. And you're right. I couldn't care less.
But it sounds good.
She only here with Tommy has to say he's probably given us a good crap. What's Tommy Thomas?
Nothing. Oh, it's lots of stuff.
Yeah, right. Likely story. By the way, it was nice. A fat boy to come here and tell us
that was Joe Rose that came up with that stupid idea. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in four-later day. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, okay. I'm cool. Neil. Hi. How are you?
Great. The last time I spoke to you, I was raving about Barcelona and you were raving about Amsterdam.
I'm sorry. Yeah, we're not, we're not carrying on the same subject. Obviously that you were just talking about.
Hey, we're talking about whatever you want, sir. Don't leave that. Whatever you would like to talk about.
We don't have to talk about dumb sports crap all day. I hate sports crap.
Okay, I understand. I'm tired of these sports nerds that have no lives that don't know what the real world is all about.
Think that Richmond and his wicked web is important or something. Who cares?
I don't even know. I'm holding. I'm holding number 78. Oh, I'm so tired of that. Richmond. They have a
set him to Richmond. Well, let me tell you my impression of Amsterdam. Yes. My impressions are it's like a big college
town. It's, uh, look, you know, you may have a great time when you go there, but I'll tell you something.
I went there for the money three months, took the money and ran. You stay in that town so long
you'll become a skeleton drug addict. No, you won't. Oh, yeah. It's a sick place.
Well, no, no, it's not. What do you mean you become a skeleton drug addict? What does that mean?
Well, I mean, just, you know, it's got the legal drugs that are available there as the illegal drugs that are available there.
So they're not available here? No, of course they are. I mean, so how come you're not running down in
the overtime buying coke right now, buying crack coke, and how could you say that?
I've been to Amsterdam 50 or 60 times and I don't do any drugs. I couldn't careily defend me that those
sparsers come up to me. Those raster guys, crock, coke, you know, I don't like that. Oh, no, no, no, no.
You know, in Amsterdam, it's very civilized. You know, you have your guy. He comes. He delivers whatever.
You know, I mean, it's not like overtime. It's nothing like that. We're talking here about
people who who make substantial amounts. I would like with all due respect. How many times you've
been there? That's the only time? I'm sorry? That's the only time you've ever been there? Oh, no,
I've been there about three or four times. Well, why if it's so bad? Why do you keep going? Well, you're
usually it's business. Oh, you're she is business. Listen, this one could be at there. There's no doubt about it.
Because the overwhelming majority of people I see in Amsterdam aren't doing any drugs. Most of the
people that are smoking pot and hash are in the in the bars and cafes and the people are doing the
illegal stuff. They're not doing it except for the pedaling of it. They're not doing it on the
street. So what's the difference? Is it who cares? Well, my impression was that if you stay there
for a longer time, you're really at the way. I could live there tomorrow from my mouth to God's
ears. I could move there tomorrow and I guarantee you I would never become. You skeleton or otherwise.
I have no interest in drugs. You didn't, well, you didn't find it that it's a very small town. I mean,
the culture quotient is a scale of one to ten. It's about a two. That's not true. The culture quotient,
there's more culture in the Anne Frank museum than there is in all of South Florida.
Well, well, well. Oh, well, there you go. Okay, fell asleep in Barcelona. Get out of here.
Well, what is this? If you didn't like it, though, don't go there. That's all. Don't go there.
Boy, the culture level. They got museums. They got art. They got the glass bottom. Both. You can see the
murky dirty water in the canal. Whatever you want. They got it there. It's a great place. It's a
fun place to go. This guy don't like having fun. He's busy doing his crack cocaine. Okay.
Twenty before one is five sixty WQM. You know, we ate it pizza love. So boy, I'm serious. Am I going to
call up Ed Kaplan on the hotline? See what the odds are. I'm at. You know, that song working my
way out of you by the four seasons. I thought with the SPN the magazine is John Quayton and he confirmed it.
Why are you airing shit like this?
Five hits and I'm weak. It mellows me out for the piece I see. Like that ball. Here I go again.
I got a bunch. He's makes me want to smack and then I lie down going to take him down and then I'll get up and I make the
tracks a couple of toasts and the fun is coming back. Now I get a thrill and I roll that weed off the
pop. My favorite. You see. Okay.
Yeah, I'm going to tell you you can't spend more than five seconds and I'm still I'm
without becoming like a what was the term you used a what drug addict skinny skinny outless drug addict.
I mean, how do you spend more than five minutes in Miami if being around a place where drugs are
available is what makes you a drug addict. Then why do you ever have to leave Miami? Do you have to
leave? No. What an idiotic piece of illogic that is. So for whatever reason, I mean if this guy
don't like it there, fine. He's entitled. We can live without him. But I mean, to be reaching for
reasons that you don't like a place that's just astonishing to me. But what do I know? What does
this look like me know? I know we got plenty of open lines. We got an hour and a quarter to kill here.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Palm 5 60 on the mobile one line. Joseph abandoned us because it's more important to
the pock ski around with a with a matza and with a horse radish and with a little parsley in the
saltwater and poxed your mind with all these things. I'm small potatoes. They can come back to me
anytime and I'll still be here, right? No. Here's a mobile and four-loader, Neil. Hello. Hey,
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, I tell you why. That's for being a voice of reason. As far as those two
jerks this morning. Yes. Talk about bad days. I'm God damn pissed off. Good. This this whole community
we're not even out in the night even over with that pop face that's what and they do something like
this. What a bunch of junk. God damn it. Right. Well, no, I'm really surprised that Hank took a hand in
this. Yeah. I don't ever turn on that radio. We just got that tape there and just played it. But
even I that had to be bogus. Somebody must have been doing hangs boys. There's no way that a man who
cares about integrity and credibility and being on top of the sports world, which I know is one of
the most important things. Thanks. There's no way a guy like that participates in a bogus, a dumb
April fool stunt like that. Hey, listen, I want to thank Joe and Diva for making my 13-year-old son
cry. Okay. Okay. God bless you, sir. And the guy that lost the 300 bucks. Sounds like good
fodder for a bunch of lawsuits. By the way, Joe Rose. That's the guy you want to be soon. Okay. He
was the one. He was the root of all evil this morning. That's what happens when you put a bunch of
thickheaded jocks with a big, big skull on, you know, put them on here. And we were going to pay
Orange, Bomardi 80 grand a year. We want to do a pregame show and talk of boobani's before ball
games. Then nobody listens to anyway. Maybe he's joining the inner circle, Orange,
Bomardi for all we know. Maybe he's real tight with the screw in and some of those other folks
in the back there and the other side of the building. I think it's really interesting that if you
could see the way we are here, another we're on the third floor, but there is definitely a great
divide between the QAM studio is including this one all on the one side of a certain wall. And then
all over on the other side, the water Nazi, the big shot, the big cheese with the bad haircut,
all those people screw in. Also, I was speaking to the person in question who actually has the
Snickers bars. Yes. About that story. Yes. To confirm it. She apparently had no idea how expensive it
was because he'd go in there while she's gone with his key. Jeff, hi. Right. Back boy. We don't
want to tell the story anywhere. His son who's a nice kid, by the way, who's in town from school.
Did he go in here this morning? I know we don't want to talk about that. I know because Jeff,
unfortunately, see when mommy and daddy eat a lot, then the kids tend to eat a lot too. You know?
And it's very, it's sad, but his kid seems like a nice kid. So I sure hope that he isn't here.
The daddy is so compulsive with his eating that he's swiping Snickers bars out of the sales office
and using his pass key to smuggle his way in there to steal the power and it's not even a QAM thing.
He don't work for Power 96. He's going over there at Steeland Power 96 Snickers bar. Huh?
I'm a sniggering just thinking about it. Don't get excited where I said sniggering.
Here's a mobile and pompato beach. Hello. I think if you get that Dennis to go to that
Joe Rose, take that quarter inch gap to six suck in there. Dig it right up. You know why?
Brackum. All right. And I tell you that was Hank. No. And I tell you another thing about your buddy,
Hank. Yeah. He talked about him. I see highly a horse track. He'll never go back there. Yeah.
The reason is because he cut in front of line about one minute to post and they want to get his fat ass out of there.
Oh.
Hey stupid. Open line two of five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Course depth out of time. You know, this place at the under control if we had our program director
to keep things keep everybody in line. But he goes out of town for a few days and everybody's going
nuts. By the way, does deaf know I'm not going to be here tomorrow?
Sam will tell them they're calling. What is it? You have better call them up and let them know.
Sam will tell them. See, oh, I'd buy it away. Do you remember? I forgot to mention this on here.
Remember I talked a couple of days ago. I did not make it up about how we got billed for direct
TV for like 83 bucks because the bill they thought was passed to. Well, it comes to find out
amazingly enough because this place that they ever do pay a bill. It's a miracle. So it's like a
boy who cried wolf story when they do pay one. But evidently, there was confusion because your name
and my name was on a one bill and then they had the station, but they had evidently paid it a
couple of months ago. So guess who came in Monday to tell us the real story on that?
Sam, you see because that was the day that Greg was home sick. You know, after I called him on
Friday, he heard about the phones and he had to go home with a bad headache and his mono finally
kicked in because he couldn't deal with face to face. Sam the sham. So in other words, when deaf is
gone and Greg is gone, Sam is the general manager. Are you ready for that? Yes, Sam the sham runs
the place. You just figured that out. No, but I never had the Peckery order in line like that.
But he's like the third Pecker. Then if you would like another club, please. Why he's not not getting
business. No, there's no Julio's over there. Apparently. So he's not giving away Marlon tickets. I can't
believe it. Nobody's there. Three tickets to the Marlon's opening day game on Monday and Tuesday night,
H&R Block night. See the Marlon's in the Metz five. Your tax is free from H&R Block at the ballpark.
If you like why do they're there because H&R Block will be doing that. And Chris Reed has got the WQM
fan out there at the Shell Gas Station University in Broward Northeast corner plantation with free
Marlon's tickets and nobody wants them for crying out loud because there's no fix up there.
It's wrong with you people up there in my neck of the woods in plantation.
Then we got to get yesterday boy down there with a Julio land in Dade County and they snapped
them off. He was gone in 20 minutes. Got to do a second plug on this today. And that was always
a big location for us up there. And what? They have the new QA and bumper stickers there too.
Yeah right. They do. What is this another April Fools? You didn't see those? No. They're a plastic.
What a big are they? So my keen size they say WQM sports radio they don't mention you
or what? Wait a minute WQM sports radio doesn't mention neo-rogers. Do they have anything that
mentions neo-rogers? No. No. Anything that mentions that there's an entertaining show with big ratings
on this station? Oh. Oh there's one. They suck. They suck, Sam. Sports radio. That sucks.
That blows. Look at the look on his face. And he thinks we're going to believe you serious.
Like what the hell does it make? What we think? We don't count. So they can sell with us about
anything. We don't even like I said we're a non show anyway. We don't exist here. We're just
here to make all the money so they can pay Wayne. That's why we're here. They finally got
bumper stickers. Are they bumper stickers that have anything to do? I mean could they have somehow
incorporated us into that? No. That's all right. We'll sum up. We'll scrape by any house, Sam.
Don't worry about us. What's the same came up with that idea and probably pushed it through to
even charge now? No Greg, no Duff, no screw in. Here's a mobile informer. Hello? Yes, Neil. Yes sir.
Yes, those people call all those sports shows that they need to get a life. That's right. Exactly.
I couldn't have said it better myself. Yeah, I've offered her. It's just that whole mentality.
It's just unbelievable to me. But the main reason I'm calling is because we have a reason now
to turn on the radio first thing in the morning over here. Yes, I've been times for a day and
on what station? 94.5. All right. Aren't they great? They are fabulous. I heard them up in
Indianapolis when I was up there up here. They're famous. But yeah, they sound great.
I mean, all the time great morning shows in America, Bob and Tom, you got it. Yes, sir.
You know, now we got a little competition for Howard over here. They absolutely blow Howard away.
No, no, no, no, no, no contest. Yes, sir. So I just want to call and let you know that.
Congratulations, sir. Have a good one. Happy day. Like saving time. You just bye.
Okay, so anyway, I mentioned that he was out there at the Shell Station University in
Howard. So nobody wants to borrow them tickets. We tried giving my personal pair away yesterday.
We had a drawing and we had like five people that wanted in the drawing. We took names for like an
hour and a half and only five people wanted to be on the list for the drawing. They don't want them.
I don't want to make John Henry feel bad unless I have to. But hey, guess what, John?
And let me say it again, mad dog, you're absolutely wrong. You're a great guy. I respect you,
tell him more than anybody in the world. You're hysterical. You're a panic. But oh, and by the way,
I noticed how he's backtracking after Michigan made that great comeback in one of the bowl game
and he was going on about, oh, Tommy Brady, they finally found a quarterback. This kid is for real.
Now he's talking about Michigan quarterbacks and he's like, you know, he finally admits,
Tommy Brady was too pretty to be on a quarterback of Michigan, you know, you don't like that.
The real macho sports guys, they don't like pretty boys being quarterback like Tommy Brady.
That's all right. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon.
Wow, your fat ass is really comfortable. Wow, your fat ass is doing wonders for my fat back.
Want to do something useful with your fat ass?
You can sleep on your fat ass all day.
Then why not put it to use?
And you don't want if my girlfriend sits on your fat ass too, do you?
As one of America's newest ask cushions, put your fat ass to use for the airline
and turn a coat seat into comfort class.
This is great by letting people sit on your fat ass.
You'll be helping to improve people's days on the bus at the movie theater, even at the park.
Mommy, come close on this fat ass with me.
Put your fat ass to work today. Receive hourly wages, health benefits,
and whole host. Call now and be proud to be a fat ass.
OK, it's 101 at 560 W. Don't forget.
Pistols get me fired up when I hear someone say that.
The audience and a friend who got some good fangs is by the way.
Here's one that says to Jeff Rose and Jeff DeFloris.
Phil Henry doesn't work in this market anymore.
You don't have the talent to do this.
OK, that's what it says.
Also, here's one from Carolyn who says,
yes, the old Hanks, you were called in and said he would check with the SPN news
and confirm the story and so on.
So I'm sure she was sucked in.
So are we, Carolyn?
We're embarrassed that it took place on a otherwise marginal radio station.
We're highly embarrassed and humiliated and degraded and desperate.
Must be desperate in that morning show.
Chris has gone.
So in other words, he gave away the ticket.
Let's see, we know Chris that you're just sucking around trying to make
us feel bad.
We know that just because we said you were boring.
You are boring.
You're a good guy.
See, some people they never get enough.
You're a good guy.
Everybody here likes you.
You're a great guy, but you're boring.
You want us also to say you look great and you're like exciting, huh?
But he knows that.
Right.
So don't take it on me just because your buddy Sam is in there
pounding now because of those really unbelievably ugly and unimaginative bumpers
stickers.
I mean, it takes quite a promotion department to come up with everything for this
place looks exactly the same.
The same blue background with ugly yellow letters.
That's it.
Nothing imaginative.
Nobody's names, of course.
God forbid.
I mean, at least put the inner circle on there.
Put Gary Sarner, screw in, the water Nazi, Greg Reed.
Put the inner circle on there.
The nephew of Sam.
Somebody something beside that same ugly meaningless nothing.
Okay, we got 56 minutes to go here.
We got 1,600 open lines, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, yeah, we did have the one call on Paiser Dickey Candy.
Thank you, sweetheart.
The one nice Jewish lady call to explain that to us about the corn syrup.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Going once.
Why is it maybe set line four?
Could it be line four?
Yeah, been the line.
It always seems to happen on that line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, about that episode this morning.
Yes.
You know, being aware that it's the April 1st,
April Fool's Day, I figured out the first thing we tried something.
It was a joke.
As soon as they said it, I knew it was a bunch of bull.
But when Shank Goldberg is on there to verify that.
That's when I was telling my friends that Hank doesn't come on to tell his story.
You know, this is a bunch of bull.
Sure.
When he came on, we all had it.
We all were hooked, basically, because he confirmed it.
And you thought the credibility that he has, which is he really going to go on.
Yes, he's got the whole.
Oh my God.
That's the reason because Hank is the only one of that whole bunch that's got any credibility.
And for him to be willing to lower himself to that level,
because those guys are so desperate and join in on that facade.
And ain't good, man.
It's unacceptable.
And I'll say what?
When the respect for Hank is definitely dropped.
Not just by me, but generally public.
I've got to listen to that.
Listen to him and think, and you know, he usually has the right stories that can get some quick.
What the heck would you be doing getting in that in the middle of that charade?
Right.
And I think you're right.
It's just a bad judge on the time.
Sometimes you make good judgements, sometimes make bad ones,
but that was a bad mistake, Humper.
Yeah.
And it's just a few George Back at you.
Okay.
What?
Let's just see.
Oh.
And he confirmed it.
56670560.
0560.
Yeah, Shuse Steve calling it about Hank's credibility.
You're a good wonder.
You even have credibility as a human being, Shuse Steve.
What am I looking for?
Oh, I know what I'm looking for.
This is the wrong thing too well.
It's in the thing.
What is?
Or whatever you're looking for.
It's in the thing.
And you've been to several places for spring train.
I know, but I remember I go back a long way to when the Yankees first came down here.
And they had trained all those years in St. Petersburg.
And what a culture shock it was for them to leave St.
Petersburg and come to Fort Lodervo.
Which at that time was where spring break was happening.
And in St.
Petersburg, you know what was happening there.
You've been to spring train in that city.
There was nothing there, right?
Well, I was in poor Charlotte for five years.
Did you ever go to St.
Nope.
For spring training, never did?
Nope.
Nope.
But nine years before that,
Arizona, yeah, right with the Giants.
How is it coming over to the American League?
You looking forward to it?
Been in the American League for five years now.
Yeah.
So I'm not unfamiliar with it.
I'm looking forward to just starting with an interview.
That was, hey, it's been a stressful way, Frank.
He'll be here in the studio in the building.
So maybe he'll stop in for a minute and explain to us that it was somebody doing a voice.
Hey, he couldn't, he would never.
I know Hank too many years and one thing I know about him.
His credibility on the sports stuff is like,
that's it.
That's the most important thing in the world.
And it would never participate in some childish idiotic prank
just to boost up the ego of fathead during the morning.
So the deal is, by the way, they won't let Chris read out of the parking lot.
They're at the shell station because they know he's holding back all his other Marlon tickets.
Don't let him out of there, guy.
He's got him.
He showed me at like 600 pair before we left here.
Don't let him make up stories.
Okay, that he's waiting for Cubans or whatever.
Or that Sam told him, you only give away so many.
You make sure you get your tickets before you leave that parking lot.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
From here.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was at Fairchild's tropical gardens on Tuesday.
Yeah.
And I was walking to have you been there?
No, this time I was looking out to mix up all the silly stories.
Yeah.
Well, yes.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless lines.
You only took me about eight months.
Is that all it took just to be absolutely sure?
You would own your little silly stories.
Probably some old gray hair lady with a fish boot up a race.
Is that what you ran into at whatever it was?
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Neil.
God, those guys are boring.
Those three little Julios.
They're there.
So boring.
Yes, sir.
First time long time.
All right.
All right.
Just let me know about half a minute after you mentioned that Chris was at the guy fishing
on the shell.
Yeah.
About 10 cars pulled in.
And he was wondering where the hell he was coming from.
I didn't think he was listening to your show.
But I want to thank you.
I got one of these ugly bumper stickers.
Right.
No, no, no.
I'm waiting.
When you would, when you agree with me that those are the most unimaginative,
boring, bland, bumper stickers.
Not that I want to pull words in your mouth.
But isn't it pretty boring?
Boring is, I'm not going to put this on my car.
Well, what does it say?
It says 5, 60, 4th.
There it is.
Sports Radio 5, 60, WBQ.
The same boring logo that we got on everything that the station has got, which isn't much.
I mean, instead of coming up with something innovative or neat,
it might say the worst team and Neil and Hank Rios.
Something just the same bland boring crap.
I agree.
That's Sam, man.
I, he was starting to move up in my eyes and now he just dropped 20 nods.
Can I call it the pure douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Little rather you got the douchebag.
All right.
See your pal.
See there was a million people over there.
And Sam, you know, Sam heard me knock the bumper stickers right away called
Chris on the shortwave or whatever.
Yeah, look at that.
That is the crappiest looking thing.
Maybe we have to like pencil our names in on there.
Yeah, get a magic marker and put, you know,
Neil Roger show 10 to 2.
Hank Goldberg to the 6th.
The embarrassing show 6 to 10 in the morning.
You'll fat head.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I was over there at the shell station.
Yeah.
I got a couple of tickets.
One and say thanks.
I got a beautiful bumper sticker here with no imagination put into it at all.
And on university and about 5th street in front of the mall there is about
5 plantation cops with the radar gun going.
Let's just call to say thanks.
Probably a combination Passover and the good Friday greeting for it from our plantation
porkers.
They're keeping all the Cubans away from that shell station.
Like I said, good thinking.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Yeah.
Okay.
We don't want, you know, we have a few who will be listening to the plantation.
Most of them are out there at the sawgrass.
And they're not really they're not Cuban.
They're from Brazil.
They're from Argentina.
They're from Patigua.
They're from Peru.
They're from hunger.
They're from everywhere.
Who are those people with the sawgrass?
Does anybody know?
Does anybody in the world know who those people are?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I got a fact here.
It says that wasn't really a hack that was somebody doing hangs voice.
They've been working on this all morning long.
And they're trying to make him look bad.
And they're trying to make fat head look good.
And etc.
And default being the whip that he is,
he just sat back and let Joe Rose overrun the whole deal this morning.
Well, I talked to the SPN, the magazine, John Quayton.
And he confirmed it.
That don't sound like Hank to me.
But I'm back here in the butt, honey.
All right, honey, baby.
Get ready because you're about to be taken to heaven by your favorite lover.
Oh, no, I'm not.
What do you mean?
Why not?
You've got dandruff.
I do not.
Look, please.
Not there.
Where?
Your ass.
Not.
Ass dandruff again.
Damn, Harryass.
That's what you get for using regular ass shampoo.
A crackful of soot and another night alone.
What do I do?
Try ass and crack.
From the makers of head and shoulders.
Ass and crack is the miracle cure you've been looking for.
Quick and easy.
Wash, wipe your hand, then go.
Wow, your ass dandruff is gone.
And it smells great too.
Thanks, ass and crack.
Ass and crack can be found in the embarrassing island
of your local supermarket.
Thank you.
115 at 560 WQIM.
WQIM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'll start to get information about somebody
told me about the trade that the dolphins made through
with the ref.
Yeah, they traded Dan Marino for a 10th round
graphic rent.
Well, that's the April 4th.
What is it?
The April 4th joke.
No, no, they traded Dan Marino for a 16th round graphic.
That's what you just said 10th.
What?
25th round graphic.
Here's a mobile in deer field.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
You're good.
Yes, I am.
Every day.
Very good.
I'm very glad to have you here.
I've been going to get the latest
congratulations on hanging out in this toilet
for all the years you have on a hotline.
23 years plus pound, 23 years, and I want
it's ridiculous.
I listen to you every day.
I miss what happened this morning.
You know, whatever.
But why are you going to give me a capsule version, okay?
If you'll find Joe Rose thinking that he was going to be
a real comic, which he's not.
But as funny as a heart attack,
he decided that was April 4th there.
So they come on here and make up this bogus dolphin trade
where they traded Richmond Web,
Kareemat Dual Jabbar, both of them to the Redskins
for the number five, their first hydrafic,
which is number five in the first round.
And they're going on a conjecturing.
Will it be a running back?
Maybe it's going to be Edger and James and Yadia.
And then they got people doing fake voices
pretending to call the Redskins office
and doing a fake voice from a Redskins owner.
And then even they had Hank or somebody impersonating Hank
calling it on the ear saying, oh yeah,
he talked to so into what ESPN
who just confirmed it.
Is it on deal and Yadia?
You know, I don't even listen to those guys.
And that just substantiates it more.
You know, I listen to some other asshole
on some other station that rips all your material off.
Not all of them.
I'm talking about.
I just, it's so comical what he does.
Really, one of the reasons I call it,
I'm getting out of this toilet for a few days.
I'm going to Pittsburgh, which is much better.
But it's my hometown.
And I've been listening to you for about four years.
And I just wish all the listeners
that are out there, which is listen to what you're saying.
Right. Make decisions based on facts.
Right. Not bunch of crap.
Not, you know, the whole religion of things ridiculous.
But you've enlightened me.
And I was like, I can say, thanks for everything.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Speaking of Pittsburgh, even Mike Lane says,
I know my crap.
That's right.
Well, I got a fly coach and that, I got my values.
Okay.
Take care of Neil.
Good luck, pal.
Bye-bye.
Don't take any wooden lunch.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
All this enthusiasm and excitement
about the fact that the Panther Organization, once again,
has lied through their teeth and now everybody's
paying a price for it.
And everybody's threatening this one and that one
and the doctors all upset.
And yaddy, yaddy, yaddy.
See, when you don't, when you're not straight tutors,
when you don't pay straight with the public sooner or later,
you've got a boxer, seven to a corner.
And no matter what you say, it's boy who cried Wolfsendrow.
Kind of like a Greg Reed thing.
No matter what you say, nobody's going to believe it anymore.
No matter what you say, just like, oh, we paid that bill.
Oh, yeah, right.
We believe you paid a bill.
And that's what the organization has done.
And let me say what?
What?
The crank, the prank that you just played on that collar.
Now they're calling because they're
taking that seriously over and over and over again.
What do you mean they're taking them seriously?
It just came to me on the facts here.
Here it is.
Well, I talked with the SPN, the magazines, John Quayton.
And he confirmed it.
Yeah, Dan Marie-Know goes from the dolphin
to the redskins for the other number one draft pick,
which is the fifth pick in the first round.
What?
I was just about to say something important.
And you're that's a given.
Everybody knows that.
We know he was getting old.
He's got bad wheels.
It's going to be like a Palm Elbrough.
I think you're trading guy with bad knees away.
And then they're going to think they're getting a jackpot.
And they're going to get a crackpot.
You know, we love you, Danny.
But time's up.
Time's up, sweetheart.
I said, all those old creaking easy years you've had it.
I was just about to say something very important there.
And you give me side crack with some Jack Gases calling in.
Don't believe that Dan Marino got traded.
You know, I think if we really want to get this town going
because it's such a dead ass place anyway, let's do that.
Nobody cares about credibility in this town.
I came on here, I told you weeks ago
that after Burrey got injured in a Colorado game,
everybody in North America except in this town
was reporting he's out for the year.
I told you that.
Nobody told me that I read about it.
I got on the internet.
I talked to people from outside this town
who like no hockey, another part to the country in Canada.
I read it up there in the Toronto sun.
I wanted my many trips.
Everybody except here knew it.
But nobody cares for that.
They enjoy bullcrap.
So let's just, then we make a whole format out of that.
Because in many ways, we've already accomplished it,
especially with our management here.
We'll just call it bullcrap radio.
24 hours a day will feed your pile of bullcrap.
Yeah, we'll make up stories, we'll make up trades.
Oh my God, Jimmy Johnson just resigned
to bringing Shola back.
Oh, yeah.
Jim Man, it's just had a baby, not his wife, the mad dog.
Oh, right.
He had a baby.
Anything else we can tell you that some jackass
out there might believe, huh?
Oh, but I heard it on the radio.
Oh, see, that's the problem with our sports bags.
Is there so not even so stupid
that if they do hear it on the radio, they will believe it.
They could come on a morning show tomorrow
and say, oh, it was just an April Fool.
Oh, but guess what?
Here's another report.
They just traded Richmond Web to the Red Skin
for two or two other Rams rather for somebody else.
Or they just signed up Lawrence Phillips
and what's his name?
Sammy Smith again.
Bobby Humphrey.
And Tony Martin.
We're gonna have the All Gangs to team.
Here's and Mark Dupur.
Oh, Neil, the worst part about this.
The worst part about this?
Exactly.
That's him is that they're ripping off a caller from last year.
Yeah, you remember that on April 1st last year?
No.
When the caller called in.
Probably one of those many days
that wasn't with the first show.
Well, a caller called in last year and totally Dupur.
I don't remember which Josh it was,
but then he got one of the guys on air to report.
There was the whole story about the Lawrence big soul.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And this guy was a, he happens to be a friend of mine
that was able to pull this off.
Right.
Was able to get your backline number from your switch board
and he called up me.
What did that guy say?
I think he said F something.
But that was probably a guy called
impersonated Hank this morning.
He's a friend that does the voices.
I've known Hank for like 20 years some years.
Okay, believe me, that was not Hank Goldberg's voice.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
The only time I listen to the witness team
is during commercial break.
Yeah.
Well, I think he should be listening a lot then.
Yeah.
You know what?
I caught him twice the first time.
I tuned it in some Jackets as Joe Rose
to play the Marlin song.
So I was on it for about a second.
And then the second time I tuned in,
I hear Joe Rose going on about this trade.
And I mean, right away you can tell him the goofball's tone
that it's all, you know, the S.
But I didn't hear Hank call.
And but it's Hank did being that it's Eastern all
before the Cockcrows three times,
and Hank got a call up and deny it and then go hang himself.
Yeah.
Because I mean, if Hank played along with that thing,
I mean, you're saying if Hank called in,
then he should go hang himself?
Absolutely.
Well, when he comes in, he'll be in very shortly.
We'll find out if he's hung or not.
Which I don't really care.
But now old Jewish guy like Hank can be that are this fat.
Nobody's hung.
You, if you were, you couldn't tell anyway.
As in that, remember that movie like Kaja Fools?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
They're all taking this very serious, okay?
They're taking this very serious.
Remember when Centina was talking to Michael there
and the Godfather one?
You're taking it personal.
This is business and you're just taking it personal.
No, it is business.
It can't wait.
There must be 64,285 lines from just from Godfather one along.
And by the way, you know, I know there's a lot of little kids
up there in the crowd at the Macarena.
But if you're going to keep showing that Howard Beal thing,
there would say do all over the NHL now
by a lot of the arenas.
You're going to show the first part.
Show the rest of it.
We want to see the whole thing, okay?
Not just Howard in the raincoat.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
North Miami.
Yeah, well, no.
The worst Oscar for a worst acting job
during April Fools has got to go to the first team.
Joe.
You mean you could hear?
I mean, it's the worst.
How was it?
You know, he's in the bag in a pub.
Of course, DFO.
DFO is like, whoa.
He could suck up to him and be real nice to him and kiss his butt.
Yeah.
And that guy lost the $300 in obvious plants
just to try to make him look good.
He's like a clever.
Yeah.
And I've never seen two guys, two dorks,
graduating themselves, how clever they are since I saw
the movie, Dumb and Dumber.
That's all I got to say.
Well, in fact, they were in it.
You didn't know it, but they didn't get to credits.
They were in it.
Okay, thanks.
In other words, what he's trying to say is one good fat head
deserves another, Joe.
Yomama.
That's what the audience basically is saying
to the morning team.
Yomama, okay?
Don't do it again.
They may forgive you this time.
Maybe they'll come back again tomorrow for some more.
I know I'm taking the day off tomorrow.
I'm so embarrassed about it.
I'm going to have to think about it long and hard
over the weekend if I want to follow that show or not.
And then I'll kind of look at my pace.
When I say, yeah, I guess I'll swallow my pride.
Here's a middly.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Let me tell you the first team's health sucks.
Yeah.
I can't stand them.
Joe Rose would have idiotic lines and jumped
the floor, so his corn lines can't take them.
I dumped the bitch right now.
No, not me.
I want to hear what everything he's got to say.
Let me tell you the reason I call it.
Yeah.
I'm moving to Idaho to Harp.
Boring.
Boring every time you say it's boring and have a nice life.
And your boyfriend's too, your mama.
560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, I'm more now.
And I had nothing to do with that.
Like Larry would say, I had nothing to do with this.
I came in here today full of stuff about the adocta
and the Cleveland Clinic and Pavel Burry
and at horrible game last night.
And the red light that still doesn't go on
that nobody cares about.
And the Jews not showing up last night from Paceoff
and all those goyums standing up in front of us
during the game.
I mean, if you really wanted to see what this town
is all about, you really had to be there early
at the Macaroon last night and look around and wonder,
huh?
Like where is it?
I thought maybe the game was going to be played up there
on the island or something.
I thought, is this a road game or something?
I make a mistake.
What's going on over here?
And then all these strangers started showing up.
People we've never seen before.
Hey, you want to get yourself a great cigar?
Well, do it today because I got news for tomorrow
for Easter for good Friday and for Paceoff.
Next is going to be closed.
So over the weekend, certainly for the holidays,
is it okay to smoke Stogie on Paceoff?
Sure, why not?
As long as there's no bread in it.
As long as it's unleavened tobacco.
And believe me, I guarantee you, all the tobacco they use
to make those great premium quality cigars and nicks
on leaven, baby.
Make no mistake about it.
Ow!
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Oh, hey.
Ask me how I knew.
That milk was a tube.
Oh, hey, I just finally say.
Yes, you may be gay.
But it's different in one way.
Look, I'm his cat, you find a spot of a city
called Hawaii.
Oh, hey, when you sit on his throne and looks at empty phones,
there's a Yamakite on his door.
What?
Oh, hey, hey.
Are you doing artwork on those beautiful new bumper
stickers or arsir?
What are you doing in there?
George has done a little paste and clip and snip
and whatever and tape.
Oh, look, isn't that the...
Oh, I love it.
That's the best.
Instead of where it says sports radio on the bumper sticker,
he's changing it and says, Fag Radio, 560 WQA
and inside the 6th, the O, and the Q and E A,
is a little picture of me with a cigarette stoke in my purse.
All Fag Radio, 560 QAM.
There he is, right there in the inside of the thing.
Sam, I'm going to tell you with your imagination,
with your tremendous ability to come up
with all these phenomenal concepts.
It's a wonder that we're still on the air.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was wondering if you saw the Sun Sentinel,
the article that Jeff Bush signed about the...
Okay, well, what it said was,
any crime that's being committed with a gun,
a felony crime is going to get a minimum of 10 years
and if the gun is shot, it's going to be a minimum of 20 years.
Yeah. Well, there's an 11-member black caucus
that decided that this would be unfair
to the African-American community.
And why is that?
That's what I want to know.
Why is this...
How about if we make it that when the white people
commit those crimes to get how it's 12 or 20, whatever you said?
And when darker people commit to crime,
depending on the shade, in other words,
the darker you are, the less time you'll do.
Right, right.
Another word we'll do it by shade.
In fact, even if you're a white guy with a good 10,
then you also get a few years knocked off.
You will. You'll get at least seven then.
Okay, that's not bad.
Yeah. That's all I have, you know.
Figures. Okay, thank you.
There you go again.
Say, discriminate again against the...
Yeah, you know something, if you're a gangster,
if you're a criminal, we don't like you.
Okay, we don't care if you're white,
you're black, you're a stick, you're a Jew,
you're a fag.
We don't care what you are.
If you're a piece of slime, we don't like you.
Period.
And we're going to throw the book at you.
Everything is a big racial thing,
like I said the other day.
The most sensible thing I ever said in my life,
get rid of these labels for Christ's sake.
Well, all of a sudden, wow, my ear just stuplogged up.
Woo!
What's the been from that, Mata?
Huh?
No, I'm serious. It's good.
It's good. It's still, maybe on 11th,
but it's still carbohydrates.
I bet you when I go home, my blood sugar,
which was 73 this morning.
I bet you, I can't eat that stuff.
I can't eat it.
Why did you let me do that?
Was your idea?
Wasn't it?
So why did you let me eat that?
You're supposed to be at least during these hours.
Watch it now for my health.
You know, I've been sick as a dog.
I've been sitting here sitting on my organ,
squeezing my organ.
And this awful goddamn chair.
I mean, the chair was great downstairs.
There's nothing wrong with the chair.
It's this counter.
Let's have a little mutiny on the counter for Christ.
The counter is too fricking high, man.
It's too high.
Like a little tiny five-year-old.
It's like young kneel in the,
and the height chair is sitting up here on a chair
to the ceiling to try to avoid my breath bone
and my puppet jamming out of this counter.
That's too goddamn high.
The counter is supposed to be a little bit lower
just above your ****.
That's right.
You have plenty of room there.
Here's the mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, how are you doing?
Great.
Oh wait, there we go.
Okay, there we go with that sound again.
Can't talk.
Sorry for sir, sorry.
Another screwed up phone line.
Mark it down.
Okay, phone company is part and around with our phone lines again.
I mean, you know, you can, you can suggest to yourself Mr. Reed
that I'm making this up and I'm a bad guy
because I haven't been hired here 17 times
like your good buddy Gary Sarner.
But the fact is, we got a bunch of garbage in here
that some of it works.
You know, it's a little bit better today.
I'll give you that.
We got a long way to go.
The same man that looked me in the face
of the hockey game a year and a half ago
and said to me, oh yeah, we're going to build you
state-of-the-art studios.
We're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
We're going to go 50,000 watts.
We're going to be like, oh yeah.
We're going to even put some baseball down
on the walls out there so it doesn't look like a schmootsy place
where a bunch of stumble bumps are living
like they would like to be these.
I got news for if the beesleys haven't been over here recently
to see the work of art that they produced,
you'd be really proud, okay,
because it's right up your alley.
It's a toilet.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in North Miami.
See, and that's a, see, it's not losing the cause you're wrong.
Line four is screwed up
and line one, we just heard there was all of that.
The phones, there they go again.
There they go again.
Thank God it's almost two o'clock.
And see, the reason that it's different
from the other room is because this is a different studio.
This phone thing is wired entirely independent
and different from the other.
And it screwed up.
And maybe if we go through this another two, three hundred times,
they'll have the phone company come in and do this
and stay here until it's done right.
I know that's asking a lot,
but make them come in here and do it until it's done right
and the phone really works like honest to God.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I don't understand.
I mean, I didn't hear it this morning,
but Phil Henry was goofing on people like that for years.
Yeah, but that's the Phil Henry.
Phil Henry.
Yeah, but that's the Phil Henry.
Phil, huh?
That was Phil Stick.
Phil was supposed to, that was his act.
Phil was a comedy show.
These guys are supposed to be a sports show.
Yeah, you know, I mean,
you goofed on, you goofed on.
I mean, either way, you're still goofed on.
And now I thought Phil was hilarious.
I thought his stuff really...
Sure, let me say it again.
I don't know what you didn't understand,
but I just said, maybe I'm not communicating.
That was Phil's show.
Everybody with a brain knew that.
That's what he was paid to do.
These guys...
People told this stuff all day.
They know they do that and it's pathetic.
I mean, it's a custom.
Maybe we don't like it.
Maybe we would maybe just...
It's a custom.
It's a custom?
Yeah.
So in other words, if you turn on Dan Rather than he said,
the Russians have got nuclear warheads on the way,
aimed at all of the major cities in America.
Would you say,
Ha-ha, that's Dan.
It's April Fool's Day.
Nice going.
It's a custom.
I don't watch Dan Rather.
See, there you go.
I risk my case.
This guy don't watch Dan Rather.
That's his problem.
Anybody that don't watch Dan Rather
as far as I'm concerned,
to you, pal,
probably watches that guy with a speech defect.
5670560,
Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line 22-2.
If you haven't handled me here in Studio 2-0-530,
then he's going to become very, very Jewish put on his
bean-yine-go-flyin' out of here.
530-7, we got a good-go-ish, your boy.
Jim Madditch is going to be here to carry you right up to
Panther Time, 7 o'clock pregame.
Panthers at the CAP 730 tonight,
and of course,
the bloom is pretty much off the road.
It's off the Joe Rose.
We're pretty burned out on that Panther crap.
On those Panther dropping.
Yesterday I was trying to,
you know, keep my...
Because we really did have a statistical chance,
and we still do, but it's pretty weak,
especially after that,
really, really, really embarrassing effort
if you can call it that last night.
I'm a burst for you, boys.
Gengalate, my baby.
Think of that, Salina.
Are you tired of your hand?
Are your sheep so insane in the day you can't land?
Is your cleanest bill high?
Is your poor little bill higher?
If the chick could be bought, would you definitely buy her?
Well, now you can!
That Dusty's low-read whorehouse.
If you ever wanted a chick,
but you're way too ugly,
you've even tried to buy him,
but you're way too poor.
Now's your turn.
My mommy gave me five dollars for groceries,
but instead, I got to become
petty-packing and just eat low-rein' hawk-house.
So losers of America, unite!
And your pet Dusty's today!
Leave it to me to get to the bottom of the story again, man.
I'll tell you.
Hank just came in here.
I got to, you know, I knew the story.
There's no way that he would risk,
uh, 800 years of credibility going on there
with that bunch of that bogus morning show
and do that crap.
Pull the wall over your eyes.
Phil Henry,
doing a Hankover voice.
Are you sure positive?
That's the deal.
Now, do you have any idea what?
There must have been like 530 in the morning in LA
and Phil agreed to be a good guy
that he has agreed to,
you know, work on it for a little while
and the voice too.
Did a perfect...
Can you, you know, get off the table up there.
Have you got that thing in the audio fault again?
Now, if that isn't one of the greatest
Hank Goldberg impersonations,
are you sure positive?
One more time.
I talked with the SPN, the magazine,
John Quayton,
and he confirmed it.
Okay.
There you go, Phil Henry.
Doing Hank's voice.
I knew it.
145 and 560,
WQA and 567,
0560,
0560 on the AT&T WARS this line.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
How you doing, Nell?
Great.
Uh, you know,
listen to you for a long time,
very long time.
I'm, uh,
I'm even being first of all,
before most,
I'm, uh,
sort of.
I was sort of, uh,
very educated and articulate one.
You're a shortstop or a sparser?
What?
I've got to say that anyways.
I say that.
Sparser.
Okay, I got it.
Got it now.
Um,
I used to live in Toronto years ago.
Right.
And, uh,
we just say,
Spowe's for sure.
Okay.
We can do that.
Living Toronto for a long time.
Yeah.
Back in the park,
Gilmore,
Andrew Tuck,
Pot Vendée.
Right.
I had those two great years, man.
Oh, can you believe that?
Before Cliff let your lost his mind, right?
Exactly.
Gilmore was like a man of the best.
Right.
But, uh,
you know, I got these panther games.
And he's, uh, you know,
these, uh,
human beings of the white
persuasion.
Look at you like,
you know,
they're looking me like, uh,
what do you know?
Let's see what they don't understand.
I know more about hockey than they
have in a little pink.
Well, that's for sure.
Cause you're from a real hockey.
You sit there.
You go culture.
Yeah.
I'm not even worried about that.
But, um,
I used to live in a, uh,
Malton.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I lived in Malton.
My wife's, uh,
you know,
she's Spanish.
So she does hair.
She used to do Michael Peck of hair.
Really?
Michael Pecker.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Number 27, Buffalo Savory.
There you go.
There you go.
But, um,
I was listening to this morning.
I could not believe it.
And I think that's, uh,
it's a, you're telling me it wasn't
Hank.
But if it was Hank,
I'd be very surprised and embarrassed for him.
You know, that was ridiculous.
Yeah.
Very, very ridiculous.
But, uh,
and even more ridiculous is all these, uh,
sports fangs calling in here.
You know, I mean, you know,
the people that I know nothing about sports,
I could come on here and breathlessly
in out that the entire dolphin team
has been traded for,
you're filling the blank, you know,
for 600 draptors and,
and the lines in the Swiss board,
uh, probably lighten up in the four lines here.
I mean, it's pathetic.
These people have got no lives.
They don't get it.
Right.
You know,
everybody can take a joke.
Well, you got to do as good a well-panther game
and just see the way that this crowd behaves.
And, uh,
Nick, we get to have a team here for 100 years.
They'll still never understand it.
They don't get it.
It's unreal.
It's unreal.
Yeah, here's Joe going on with, uh,
Gildi is getting buried and deforeses
and destroyed.
Rehab,
right?
Every's done.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know what's going on,
but, uh,
just wanted to call you and say a little.
Okay.
All righty.
See you on Truth Street.
Bye-bye.
Not.
Okay.
5, 6, 7,
A lot of open lines here.
600 open lines.
All of a sudden,
since they got the real story.
Okay.
5, 6, 7,
0, 5, 60,
0, 5, 60,
on the AT&T wireless line.
What did I do wrong?
Oh, I got to pawn off.
That's okay.
That's okay.
I don't want to do any hockey stuff here.
These people don't know from it.
They don't understand it.
They don't care about it.
They're more important
that they go to their shader
and drink the wine and sit around
doing old wives' tails.
You know, the old bubble mice.
Very, very revealing to be in that place.
Life's not one of the biggest fly openers.
I mean, you know, you think somebody
who has been here as long as I have.
I know all the ropes by now, but not true.
The longer you hear the more,
you really get a very, very deep understanding
of these people
and their priorities
and what's important to them
and what is not.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Hey, you, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how about them, Panthers?
They suck.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Hey, don't you think we should get rid of melumbi?
No, I do not.
Why do you say that?
Why does he want to rag on him?
Melumbi is a guy that goes out here
and he works hard.
He tries hard.
He overachieves.
He's got, uh, 17 or 18 goals.
He goes on.
He scores important goals.
At least Melumbi gives you 100% of it.
He's not, he's slow.
He's frustrating.
But still, he goes out there.
He hits, you know,
he plays a tough physical.
Yeah, I agree with you.
He gives you an effort.
He's not just a figure skater like Victor Coslov.
I agree with that.
I agree with that.
I remember that little ass sucker
gelding getting on about a month ago,
talking about who's going to be a free agent
who they got to reside next year.
All Victor Coslov's got him on big, big bucks next year.
Who's going to get Victor Coslov big bucks?
What for a figure skating?
It's true.
What's he going to do with the Rock Kets on ice on ABC
or something?
What the hell are they going to pay him big bucks for?
He's the biggest disappoint in the whole organization.
Hey, another point though.
Let's get another Alex six.
That guy's a player.
He's, uh, he's a hard,
that we know about.
How about those guys?
That's right.
How about that when he came out of the box
and lead that hit on that guy that, uh,
he went in for the good.
Well, Alex six.
Those are the kind of guys he'd on the team.
Back guy right there.
He did not come for 28.
They cost the puck up his center.
Right.
And turn the whole momentum of the game around.
And throw him out with that bad mistake.
Let's send him to a.
There we go.
Okay.
There you go.
Bye.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, yeah.
They're all up serve over there at the Cleveland Clinic.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Maybe if I had some follow through over there.
Maybe if I got more than a lick and a smear
the few times I've been over there.
Except when I had my hemorrhoid problem.
Maybe I'd have a little bit better opinion.
Okay.
Like I said before,
I haven't got the fogiest idea of what
Paul Belbray's knee looked like when he came here from Russia.
Or after the first ACL with Dr.
Rotarian.
Or what it looked like a week ago.
All I know is that before he went off to Alabama,
Rimmer saw his knee and he said it was pretty damn swollen.
And the knee too.
So what's all the wine all about?
I didn't make any comments about that.
But we got some very like I said,
it seems that everybody associated with that Panther
organization is so sensitive and so uptight.
Which always makes it a good idea to go out and lie to everybody
and then come back a couple days.
Oh, well, we had a lie because
Yada Yada fell into the blanket.
Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I think this town has been BS and DM'd to death.
Okay.
Maybe I'm wrong.
But I don't think so.
I think we've had enough BM to fill up my whole backyard.
See you Brian.
And don't forget the brother with you.
Okay.
The evil twin.
