Radio 560 W-2-A-M Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
I talked to Neil called 5600 560 toll free for native Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone.
We are on the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the Beatsley Broadcasts will know.
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 Q-A-M.
I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
What was that Johnny Beane?
Johnny, how are you?
You looking good, looking good!
Finally got a mortgage for our pay!
Alright!
I love chapapal just got one of the best cabinets in!
All my penthouse magazines are packed.
Rubble wrapped my water bonnet's packed.
Well, these things that you die of I'm heading north of 95.
I keep smiling and I know why.
Well, why can't wait to ride the coaster in ride.
Yeah, ride baby!
I love chapapal!
I'm in heaven with chapapal!
I love chapapal!
I don't come up with a chapapal!
10-0-2-560 WQAM.
I've been here this long and I've been oblivious to that.
How about how Johnny Beane is?
He's upset that he's not like one of the...
He wants to be on that show.
When you get to be like 48, it's time to move on.
Just being a flunky phone answerer and doing that pre-game show before baseball games that nobody listens to,
that won't fit your ego.
It just doesn't get the job done.
Don't take it out on me and it's crappy or insured I wear everyday.
Really sour today and you're telling me he's always sour.
Push.
How come it took me this long to realize that?
Has he just been put on an act for me all this time?
No, you stay in here.
You avoid it.
No, I see him coming in every day.
Every morning I come in here, he's like reasonably, you know, hey, hey, hey, hey, help your ass.
You know, he's okay.
Sour guy, man, really.
But anyway, that's not something anybody cares about.
Is it anybody care about that?
I'll tell you who's a real asshole who's Chris Sloan over there at Whammy.
I don't want to get started on that, but I should mention...
Whammy!
Get it!
Yeah, so anyway, I don't want to say where I heard it,
but I heard through the grapevine that they're a little bit upset over there.
Of course, they're always upset with me over there.
And you want to know why?
Because they don't understand this show.
They have no sense of humor.
They take themselves far too seriously and they don't understand this show.
And I don't know what the deal was with Mark Jones, the sports nerd.
I'm sure you don't know, because they must have been talking about it this morning.
The only reason I even listened to the worst team this morning was they had Mark Parishon,
hoping to get a little bit of information about the Panthers,
with a season starting on Saturday, just two days away.
And all I heard from Little Dog was, you know, you're getting laid,
and who you're going out with, and how you're doing to ladies.
Same old tired crap.
Did I learn anything? I mean, like one little...
No!
So, evidently, this guy from the sports nerd on Whammy last night must have taken a shot at them,
which I don't care anything about that.
Maybe we'll get a spy report. We'll find out something about that.
But there's a guy named Chris Sloan, not to be confused with my former producer for many years ago,
Chris Sloan, the old INZ days, but this guy's a real major asshole.
Who back when they were doing the TV show and destroying this show,
by the way, and they did a magnificent job of that for several months,
by interfering in every possible way they could.
And I got sucked in to talk at all about a TV station that nobody was watching
and wasting a lot of time and blowing off my audience.
But nevertheless, because I didn't want their photographer to come in for the 18th time in a two-week period
takes some more stupid pictures, Chris Sloan got into a spin.
I've never been treated so disrespectfully by anybody.
All the years I've been in the business.
All three years he's been in the business.
How old is he? About 10?
Eight?
Child of a different Whammy.
Is anybody you know watch Whammy?
Anybody talk about it?
No!
Anybody have any idea what's on it anymore?
No!
All the local programming basically gone.
Huh?
See, the station that they were trying to emulate was City TV in Toronto,
which is one of those local channels that they really do a lot of cutting-edge stuff
and a lot of off-the-wall stuff, and they didn't do it.
They brought in a bunch of flunkies like Maddie Lesham from the West Coast,
who had no idea what this market was all about,
a lot of the wannabes who had no concept,
a lot of people that never worked on television before.
And I think my show was a classic example of what they did with everything they touched.
You couldn't see the video, you couldn't hear the audio.
Everything was a disaster.
Everything they touched was a screw-up.
They could even get the damn thing on the ear half the time.
So I think it's fair to say,
Whammy!
Get it suck!
Yes, fair to say that.
So evidently, you know, they're running spots on the station
and I'm going to show all the time, which I have no idea why they run them on the show
because I don't think most of my people watch Whammy anyway,
but nevertheless we'll take their money.
We'll take anybody's money here at QAM.
Am I right?
Yes!
You bet. That's your sweet ass.
So anyway, yesterday after one of their spots
and then we played the rejoin and whatever that thing goes
and then I came back and before I played my comedy bit, I played...
Whammy!
Get out of it suck!
Which I've been playing that for months.
I mean many, many, many months.
And every time I play,
you hear a chorus of voices going,
Uh-huh.
Yeah, F&A baby, it's a piece of crap.
It's a joke.
It's a turban-r-tv station.
Which everybody knows that.
But it's a lot easier to get pissed off at me, Chris Lone,
and blame me for the fact nobody's watching your crappy station.
Because you got no programs on there besides TEN,
which is a bunch of young naked people running around.
If you would just put TENs on like five, ten times today,
you might have some audience.
I might even watch it.
You get some better-looking people on there.
Or let's once again, let's blame Neil for that.
And I also want to say,
because I heard right there at the end of the morning show
before I start with my agenda here today.
That real...
See, saying real dumb sports nerd,
it's like redundant.
That sports nerd who called in about the home runs.
First of all, nobody is paying any attention.
I mean, when Quares got 63, and Sosa's got 62,
nobody is paying any attention.
Because even the most desperate...
Except for the dumbest of the dumb, which was this guy,
their last caller that they had,
except for the dumbest then, the most oblivious of them all,
everybody realizes that not the fact that they've done this two years in a row
makes it into a farce.
And you know something, Joe Rose, what's wrong with this man?
You know what happened?
It started last year.
It started like a year and a half ago when they devolved him
with that Brian Murray business.
When he was the one guy that was actually of the group there in the morning,
and now actually Geldie's the one that's got a little pair,
finally groomed.
But Joe Rose is just a suck up now.
To everything.
Oh yeah, I know it's got nothing to do with the baseball being the sontitaisie.
McGuire really hits it so far.
Ball crab.
Everybody knows the baseball.
They're basically hitting golf balls is what they're hitting.
And you got all these guy, damn expansion teams,
with all these minor league pitchers,
who couldn't have made the big leagues ten years ago,
in a million years.
I don't understand what's wrong with these guys.
They don't want to say anything.
I mean, you don't have to, you don't have to rip something just for the hell of,
you know, for the hell of doing it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, suck.
A lot.
Oh yeah, there's so much better nutrition today.
Better nutrition today.
Babe Ruth, his nutrition was beer and hot dogs.
He seemed to be doing okay.
He's got nothing to do with it.
He's got to do with, you know, the soul and the baseball real tight
and it's got to do with crappy minor league quality pitching,
which is why J. Bell's got 100 home runs already this year too.
I mean, it's a joke.
And nobody's paying any attention.
There's no big hoopla like it was last year.
Let me say it again.
The fact that they did it the second year in a row again.
All it does is diminish the fact that it happened last year.
Maybe next year we can get somebody hit 150 home runs.
If we start throwing beanie's up there.
God, these sports people, how is it possible to be so oblivious?
To be so god damn stupid.
To be such nerds, to be so lifeless.
That's why I love somebody to tell me what that's all about.
I kiss my rear end.
Well, that is time I set the rear straight about my friend Jordan's bush.
Some people sleep there, no design at all.
If they get drugs back then so much the point.
Because as a candidate, George Bush is fine.
So what if he started a line?
God, man.
Well, he's the best candidate I've seen.
I don't care if he costs him fed a man.
Is it in Clinton?
Who was it taking mine?
So here's the bush.
He didn't lie.
I guess I just don't understand what the big deal is.
We've had many presidents of Elvis who've done well in the country or another.
Like Gerald Boyd, for instance.
Obviously he was on the phone.
But otherwise why would you fall in down all of a sudden?
And thank Jimmy Carter for his level.
Well, he was so hopped up on scunk land.
He didn't even know there were hostages for the first eight months.
Why even way back to Washington?
I do believe the only reason he jumped down the cherry tree was because he had the lunches.
I'm sorry.
Oh, that's it.
What at your end of the brunt, doesn't it?
I was just back there getting this very important other part of this facts.
The monthly lunches for Broward County Schools.
One moment, please.
Oh, here it is.
Wait till you do this.
We may lose our appetite for lunch today.
By the way, so the follow up on channel four, why did they have that bits to that piece?
It's a good piece, by the way.
It's better than the piece that Henry Fraud is wearing.
The assistant superintendent of the school in Dave County with the worst therapies makes Bob Eisenberg look good.
That's how bad it is.
I think it's a one-y stole from Ron and Sina from CNBC.
But at any rate, I mean, it's a real good piece that they're doing.
It's great to bring in attention to this because you folks out there evidently don't give a crap about your kids.
And certainly the school board doesn't care about it.
But why are they having that super-silly as bitch doing it?
That's what I would like to know.
She comes down the way again to the last night in this morning with that syrupy that Michelle Gillen, only she can do.
That's self-serving.
And the Henry Fraud, the assistant superintendent says,
Oh, well, I'll give you all the credit, Michelle.
I'll give you all the credit.
We're not looking for who's going to get the guy then credit.
We're looking for somebody to do something about it.
And of course, as usual, when you catch a bunch of assholes like this, a bunch of liars.
And boy, do we know what this place about liars?
Oh, wow.
You know what I'm saying, Lou Ann?
Do we know about liars in this joint?
But at any rate, when you catch them with their drawers down, you know,
well, we were totally unaware.
We didn't know, how could they not know?
Don't you think they get complaints from people whose kids can't get lunch at school?
Who get a stand on line for 50 minutes of the route of food?
Don't you think they know about that?
Don't you think anybody with one eye can see the fact that these illegal aliens,
banana boat people that got serving up the food are standing there and handling the stuff,
picking their nose, picking their elbows, doing all these other things and handling the money,
and then touching their food and putting it on a goddamn plate?
Don't you think you can see that?
Uh-huh.
Oh, but we were totally unaware.
You're not unaware.
Okay, Mr. Fraud, you're full of crap.
And you got caught with your goddamn food down.
You're an ass murderer.
You're an idiot.
And what we were talking about yesterday, the idea that they want to keep out,
the fast food, the people, and they don't want to franchise out the meals in the schools,
because they're afraid it's not good nutrition.
You should only live so long to crap that they're feeding your kids in school, okay?
Here's the fact that it says, here's the monthly lunches for Barred County Schools.
I look at things like chicken patties, spaghetti with meat sauce, and think,
okay, not bad.
When my kid tried it, they told me they were ready to gag.
The chicken was like rubber.
Maybe the other said Henry Fraud on the rubber chicken circuit.
He had probably had a lot of practice serving it up to the kids.
Chicken patty on a bun or burrito and spinach, oven fries, oatmeal cookie and milk.
Hamburger on a bun or tuna salad on a bun.
And what's the difference?
We're getting a hamburger from them, which by the way, you saw the crap that greasy pizza
that was serving up your stage.
You see that?
Man, oh man.
Beef or Rooney or ham and cheese sandwich.
Chicken nuggets or egg roll and apple juice, green beans, muffin bread, cinnamon, crispy and milk.
And then of course, don't forget we got the eventing machines back in here to make sure your kids can get a lot of those soft rings and just OD on a lot of sugar.
Cheese pizza.
Oh yeah, there's the pizza again.
They're big on pizza, by the way.
And the one, now that we did get to one call yesterday, they said that Papa John's is serving up the food near school.
That's got to be a big improvement over the crap, whatever stuff they were cooking up at those schools.
That they're probably wiping their...
Correct, though, before they serve it to the kids.
I mean, for the life of me, you just want to sit down and cry.
I don't understand what people are thinking about.
They call from a little joy yesterday whose life is a school teacher.
And the classes are all overcrowded.
They don't have enough textbooks to go around.
So kids have to share the textbooks and they can't take them home because they're out enough to go around.
And you wonder why the average American is running around and going like that.
Has an IQ lower than their goddamn penis size, even a woman?
I mean, what the hell are we talking about over here?
And nobody cares.
These are the kinds of things anybody gets pissed off about.
We never hear from anybody about this stuff.
These sports nerds, like Bob Eisenberg, who do you want to mess with?
Hey, they won last night, Bob.
I guess what?
So to the Asteroids, you lose.
You're screwed.
Good.
Those are the kinds of things that are important to these people.
Like I said yesterday, people were taking up space.
People were going to get murderous autographs.
Hey, can I have your autograph, Mr. OJ?
Come on.
Can I please have your autograph?
Please, please, please.
Some illiterate guy that got assigned his multi-million dollar contract with an ex.
Oh, can I please have his autograph?
And then the excuses, oh, while I'm into collectibles, right?
Collect this.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
There's a very simple answer to this problem.
Yeah.
Just bring in private industry.
Have McDonald's set up at that point.
That's why I just said they won't do it.
I mean, it's very simple.
That's what the kids eat off campus anyway.
Right.
And I'm sure they'd all be glad to do it.
I mean, it's an annual audience.
And why don't the airlines do the same thing?
They haven't screamed at about that for 10 years now.
Why don't they do the same thing?
Instead of trying to be in the food business, which none of them are capable of doing,
why don't they contract with a guy named Fast Food People,
know how to put together a quick meal?
That might be edible.
It has to be something about money, so that's all I can think of.
Okay, pal.
All right, thank you.
Thanks.
So this grace, it's a goddamn nightmare.
What's going on with your kids?
And like I said, nobody cares enough.
We got people throwing their babies off bridges.
We got people killing their kids.
We got people shooting their wives and their kids all over the place.
I don't understand.
What's the point of making all these babies if you don't give a crap about them?
I don't understand it.
By the way, it looks like Bill Bradley is going to win the Democratic nomination.
I just want to be the first one to say that right here.
And I owe an apology to the one guy that kept bugging me about that member him.
And I kept saying, ah, no chance.
Well, it didn't look like he had any chance.
But because Al Gore is even more boring than he is, no chance.
And Bill Bradley will win the election, too, by the way.
I know the George W. Suckers out there think that he's got it locked.
No chance.
Bill Bradley, kick his ass.
So that's some good news.
There we got a little bit of hope there at the other end.
But in the meantime, it's all lip service.
Your paying taxes, they just reach in your wallet and they squeeze.
They put the big squeeze.
You have to work half a year in order to start getting any money in your own money.
But you've got to work with the government in there, taking everything you know they can.
And where the hell is it going?
Where the hell is it going?
We got a bunch of people who sit back and call it Karabot is Kakaray.
That's all that American public cares about.
There's nonsense and foolishness.
And who is getting laid?
And who's, you know, I'm talking about the Hollywood people, the celebrities.
That's why we got 600 of those goddamn shows.
Art, uh, Dreckow Drive.
And this and that all this other crap?
Who cares about those goddamn drug-induced assholes? Who cares about them?
We're about getting laid yourself don't worry about them
Here's a mobile and curl springs hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
I have to disagree with you on that. I just graduated from Douglas last year and they do a pass through there
It up in Parkland. Yeah, but not in Dave County, they don't on day kind of because they have pizza hot
They have subway and there you go. Oh, right. How you're talking?
Why can't all the schools do that? They should they should be able to do that
But the only downfall is that there's not I mean you don't get exactly what you want
They only have a certain amount of like turkey and you know cheese pizza stuff like that
But at least you got something though, right? Yeah, it's something. I mean it's better than the crap of the serving the cafeteria
Right, you know, but it's not too bad
And I just want to make a comment on that really quick and I love your show and don't worry about Bill
You guys have a chance. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. All right
There you go
They're doing it in some of the schools in Broward. What's wrong with you Michelle?
What's wrong with you people of channel four? Why don't you suggest this to this goddamn guy with a bad hair piece there the assistant
Superintendent the access to the schools in the Dave County and let me say it again like I said yesterday because this really makes my blood boil
And it's not just mayor penis. He's just a pimped
He's just a little but there are a whole lot of these other idiots too
The commissioners. Oh, yeah, we got to build a stadium
We can't afford to lose our baseball team. Yeah, we got to for those a few thousand losers who have no life
We think that that's so important to our community
How about an education and you people at the Harold and the Sun sentinel you ought to hang your heads in shame
You ought to be ashamed of yourselves
Shilling for a goddamn stupid ass B.D. I'd millionaire
That oh, we have a responsibility because it's so important to our community. It doesn't mean a goddamn thing to this community
There's not enough interest in major league baseball in this town to fill your goddamn record. I did that right now
None zero
Zipity doda and in fact, you know something all this talk that they're going on this morning
I almost forgot about this. I'm channel surfing last night and on the on the small dish in Chicago
I know it was in St. Louis where well, that's right. They had the double header in St. Louis
There couldn't have been a thousand people there in Chicago where the white socks are playing the red socks
There couldn't have been I swear to God not 500 people maybe 200 people
I'm not exaggerating. There was nobody there
Montreal their last home game of the season which we can understand at Marlon game
I'm watching the cbc there were about five the seven of games starts at seven oh five there couldn't have been 200 people in the stands
I hate to break the news to you
But other than those places like in Houston and Cincinnati and with them, you know the braze other than that
There's no interest. It's gone. It's already got a dem October baby
And you got about eight or ten too many franchises there. It's a farce
So this bullcraft that we got to find money so that we can build a stadium for a goddamn billionaire while your kids can't get a textbook in school
This is the most important god damn thing in this country that needs to be addressed
Is making the people smart and not dumb like Frito
That's right dumb you got more functional illiterates you got more dummies running around this is a national disgrace
Jesus Christ other people in this country dumb
And don't blame the kids for it
blame the god damn parents because they sit back and they couldn't give a crap less about the garbage schools that we got here
Portable schools no textbooks kids and then this fraud guy from date county with a bad hair piece
He's on her telling me shall yesterday. Well, you got to understand you know highly
But whatever maybe mimey likes high
They got 1900 students. There's no way that they can possibly feed them off
They got to let them go off campus. Which I agree with that by the way
I mean these other people they're like the mad people you know mothers against the drunk drive
Then they're like over the edge
Going too far they're hysterical. I understand the you know the one mother's grief
We understand her daughter got killed in that car crash
But the fact is kids get killed because they drive you responsibly and too fast all the time not just at lunch hour
But he's on their sand when we got 19 other kids there's no way we could possibly feed them
Well, what kind of a school is that? What kind of a system is that
Whoever wrote us such a thing
So I guess basically what he says they got too many god damn kids in the school
They can't handle it. They can't do the things that they're supposed to be doing they you're paying your tax money for
But in the meantime, let's come up with some money to build a god damn stadium
Let's come up with some more tax pair money to subsidize the mercenary lines arena for that billionaire Mickey Erison
For whoever's getting their how palm-shamed who was in on that deal
That they got like half of the goddamn season ticket turn tool yet because nobody gives a rat chance about the heat or about the goddamn any of this stuff
How do you like that?
So when we're gonna get a goddamn local leader it's gonna come out and say hey guess what this is a disgrace
And they can even lie about it. We don't care. I wasn't aware of this, but this is gotta be our number one priority
This grace so nice going channel for even if you didn't put that bitch me show on there
I was gonna say again why couldn't they put a real you know reporter on there, but maybe like Gary Nelson
There's one guy they got left. There's a real reporter of sorts. They don't have much
Tiger
Just stay home
thriller
Tell me why he's nothing but a heart
Tell me why he's shopping for a free to stay
Tell me why don't you hear me when I say
Just call me and say today
1031 and 550 WK
Maybe that's why the numbers on it morning are dropping like a rock
Because they just don't have any of those three guys
It's a willing to say anything. I mean even beefo seemed like he was almost outspoken this morning compared to some of the others
Which I don't want to mention Joe again. What's wrong with him?
I think I think they must have performed the operation like in the middle of a night one night and just sliced them off
Maybe that's why he's they you know he can't figure out what's going on with the balls because he don't have any
Just something wrong there little dog just to aim what you used to be sweetheart
Maybe that's why they're down to like a two-point
Whatever was they're gonna be down to Brooke Brooke Shield Daniels type numbers pretty soon if they don't watch it if somebody don't grow a goddamn pair on that show
man
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line idiotic letter to the editor in one of our papers
I guess the Sun sent us morning or man. I never can tell same crap
You can wipe your ass with either one NRA merely a lobbying group like the ACLU writes Kenneth J Vaughn of Hollywood
Kenneth J Vaughn of Hollywood. I want to tell you right now. He's an asshole another another stupid idiotic letter another gun hugger out there
Who says beside the ACLU is more responsible directly for human loss of life than the NRA will ever be by the successful defense and release of rapist
Murderers and sexual deviants towards children and so-called technicalities right
The ACLU is killing people out there not guns. That should be the next bumper sticker guns don't kill people the ACL
You know there you go liberals kill people
Now we're talking liberal Jews kill people. There you go. I
Got a great editorial by the way from the Atlanta Constitution from Friday September 17
We can half ago gun rhetoric baloney and this from a deep South newspaper like the Atlanta
Constitution though less although of course it is a Cox newspaper
Gun rhetoric baloney. I might just have to read this a little bit later on very well stated and if nothing else
I will read the one second of the last paragraph in here. It says finally. There's the second amendment fiasco
The version in the Constitution is pretty straightforward in states. It's aimed right off a well-regulated militia being essential
The security of a free state, etc. And so on it's clear purpose is to ensure an armed militia capable of protecting the state period
It has nothing to do with a bunch of crazy individuals running around with some right to have an unlimited number of guns military
caliber guns as the one guy said he demands
Crazy people
With guns makes where it makes where I held a society. I'll take it that and
Just to show you that I don't just pick on certain religious by the way George discovered a new times magazine this morning
Which is about a 800 pay jar to call I don't have time to read by Ted Kistle which sounds awfully Jewish to me
See if a Gray wrote this you feel all boys out to get the orthodox Jews
Holy Rollers about a group of orthodox Jews there on the beach
Who are
Have a little fun with X there and they're in ecstasy is what they are yeah, they're smuggling in ecstasy
Little bit of this little bit of that little a little math a little coke a little a Xanx a little bit of heroin
Sitter and so on
Yeah, it's a business opportunity
Oh
Orthodox Jews has seen him no less. Okay
Well, I've said that this will kill four hours some day to read this. It's about 6,000 pages nice going there Ted
And like I said yesterday you don't want to brush any entire group you have to deal with people as individuals
So the fact that there's just this one group of orthodox Jews and by the way, they're smuggling the out ecstasy back from Amsterdam
How do you like that? Oh, that's right. I told you about Amsterdam too many goddamn drugs. Oh, it's filthy and all those drugs remember that guy
Yeah
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami, yeah, sir. I don't know great getting back to
We even get in the bus on the phone now
We're all at ecstasy yes sir
My son goes to the largest school in the state in the nation. Yes, the audience with you
Which is radical in daycare me. Yeah, that's a close campus and they don't go on to lunch
So I don't know what mr. Fraud from the school system is telling you that they can't get
I leave Miami late whatever it is. Yeah, he said they can't be all the kids in there. It's a physical impossibility is what he said
Well, Brad how do they do it in product when they got over 5,000 kids reach me?
I
The school system to joke
The kids are the ones that are hurting me out and nobody gives a crap that's true
Okay, okay get a new phone. Thank you. Good guy bad phone
How do you like that? Like like the kids is before they're getting you know
And we had to call about that yesterday and some of the Broward schools. They've got fast food
They're letting people serve food that the you know
So it isn't the greatest stuff in the world
Are you gonna try to tell me that the stuff that I just read on this menu here for Broward schools?
And of course this spaghetti and meat sauce we're talking slop you see the kind of stuff that they serve in the school
Chicken nuggets. I thought you can get chicken McDougat's in McDonald's last time I checked last time I looked and
Probably a hell of a lot better and also probably just as hormonu
Tricia's then the swill the crap that they're serving in your public school system
Chicken patty on a bun or burrito and broccoli. Oh, yeah that broccoli will do it because I bet it's real fresh and crispy too
You know I'm talking about
Right, you know, it's probably like the what was that place it was a duff that I'm always talking about oh
Don't start crying about it now jurors cut the crap. Oh, and it was called the get off your duff. Yeah
That buffet place where everything tasted the same. It's a they're out of business anyways
So they can you know, they won't get upset like Chris lone over there at whammy
They won't get all bent out of shape like that putt whacker
But yeah duff she's going there and everything was about faith and area
It was like for people over the age of a hundred so it didn't really make any difference because they used to gum the food all the customers
Everybody was over the age of 300
The spaghetti tasted like the tuna and the ravioli tasted like the goddamn
Chicken and all everything tasted the same it was all mush you could gum it
You'd walk in there you think they were having an orgy all the people say I'm gumming I'm gumming I'm gumming
Yeah, you think you walked into one of Georgia swing clubs by mistake. I'm gumming over here. Yeah
Pathetic and that's the kind of sloppy serving schools you all know that I'll give me any solid ends about great nutrition in the public school
So that's a freaking joke
In fact, I'm I hear the new dealer gonna do and date counted try to solve the problem
They're gonna put a riddle in tablet on the tray with every meal. We'll solve the problem
That's a Peter Leonard said this morning as he was bouncing off the walls and here all he was very amusing for entertaining Peter come back again someday not too soon
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Anya okay, sir
Listen, I've heard I've heard what you said about the you know baseball and the home run thing
And I I agree with a lot of just about everything you say, but I said fact well blah
But I think one thing's being overlooked and what is that that is if the umpire simply called the strike zone
Yeah, it's written in the rule that's another factor
That's right. They've got a strike zone aside of a postage stamp in some cases
And that's another reason that they're hitting all these home runs. Well, you know, it's it's so much easier for these guys
If it's got to be bell-tied right down the middle of the plate for them to jack it out and you know
I mean all off. Yeah, oh
Got it right between the belt and your knees. Yeah
They all stand so close to the plate that if if you throw the ball sometimes right down the middle of the plate
Let me ask you what difference is the make you know it just that it irritates me because baseball as you know is a game
That's very highly dependent upon statistics. They're obsessed with statistics
And so when you have all of these records some of them are stood for all of these years and you have them being broken in a
And a manner that makes a farce and a mockery of it
It's just one more step to a destroyer. You know making a game a joke
But if but if the umpires were doing a job the statistics like the like a marises home run
Yeah, would be would be special
And if the baseball was consistent and they weren't in golf balls. Yes, well, that's I mean they've been in if they didn't have 600 teams with the 10,000 minor league pitchers
Yes, and thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 see we're getting a lot more response than that then we will about the school system in South Florida
We get because nobody cares like that time years ago
Well, 100 years ago on KAT I've told you this before and I said to our program director Lynn Russell my good friend
Who's on headline news now nice going Lynn?
She got to be a hundred years old. She looks pretty good for an old bag nice going sweetheart
She's okay, but I said there. I'm gonna do a whole week of shows on education this week
And she looked at me with a really perfect flex look and went
Yeah, especially on that station where the median age was death anyway to make her about education on that the freaking station
Oh, no all they cared about was you know with the food soft enough to gum. That's all they wanted no
This is the problem down here. You got all these old farce
There's no constituents for the kids. There's no constituency for the schools
Nobody seems to give a crap and when some bubble head like Michelle Gillens got to go down there on channel 4
And she's got to be the one to make a big son at Antum that's her's you how desperate we are
And when he bring on the assistant superintendent of schools with his bad hair piece needs go up
You know you really have to scratch your head and that one spot where Greg reads always scratching it and wonder what the hell's going on God damn it
Nobody cares
Suck it in and hold it this ball on CBS meet a small town free to speak the word of God and
Adds a few choice words of his own. It's father to rats mysteries
I really believe it. We are dollars here today and joined together
Father to rat mystery a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago hopeless and
NYPD blue ball
Sunday this fall spending hour with father to rat right after an all new season of
Touchdown there by an angel only on
45 at 5.50 WQ and anyway speaking of the Panthers like we had that last spot there
Brey okay after big head both newspapers this morning see this this whole business is so terrifying to me
It's tragic. I mean we know Chris Wells is basically a big
He's been useless so far
And it was an accident you know in practice and he hit him like crazy and
Brey went down like a ton of bricks. It was the one of those things
But that's not really the issue here
What is the issue is that the team the organization is handling this so poorly?
I mean I hate to break the news to you guys, but hockey is a contact sport
He's gonna get hit okay, and if he's gonna be like a like a
And it's just a joke
Like a bunch of little children. Hey if his knee is okay. He's gonna play. He'll be great fun
If it's not okay if he's damaged good then the first time his knee gets hit the first time he gets hit in the wrong
position well, he's gonna be out again and
That's the way they make it sounding like we got a paper tiger here on our hands
Jesus Christ. I mean you talk about an organization that just and by the way the rumor
I'm here it is that the new goal lights that we've been hearing about so you'll actually see the red light come on
On a goal of score won't be ready for Saturday's home opener is the rumor I'm hearing I
Mean
You wonder why fewer and fewer people are buying season tickets to these sporting events
You're putting on a far
For how to quality product out there. Okay. Give us some excitement for all the big bucks
You want to squeeze out of the public then maybe more people will show up
But at any rate here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami. Hi, I'm Neal. How you doing today great?
Well, did you see in the paper today Wayne Arnold has big competition coming in yeah?
They're building a stake in Shakespeare and fact they're gonna be building one out by you at Flamingo and sunrise
On to the paper today what we've been hearing about this for forever and ever by didn't know that was imminent
Yeah, we're in the paper is this in the business section on the front page. I don't have the business section
I always leave the wrong section home every day didn't bring it
But they're planning to put 20 of them down here over the next few years. Oh right outstanding
Well, I don't think they'll be building one in Wayne's neighborhood if you know what I'm saying
They won't be bothered more than that neck of the woods now. They probably want but it still is a great place to go eat
Yep, what they ought to do is put up a little memorial to Murray and put his picture up right
That sounds good and then get the jibbushers picture out of there exactly have a good day. Thanks for the good news
Okay, there won't be long stake and check is coming. I told you
But in fact, why not send the kids to lunch at stake and shake why not have one in front every school?
Huh, what's wrong with that?
In fact, in fact, you know how they have the food trucks?
I mean if there's really a desire to get something done
There are more ways to do it than just sitting around you know going
I mean, you know all kinds of places where the construction workers and they have the guys where the food trucks come by and
They sell inexpensive sandwiches and whatever probably better stuff than you can buy you get in the goddamn a school
Lunchroom in most schools
How about doing something like that? How about making it available right there on campus?
So fewer kids had to go off campus and go schlepping to McDonald's in Wendy's and Taco Bell and play a traffic hell over at a house
They're going you know unless maybe they're going out and getting laid during that 40-minute lunch, right which they're business
Maybe maybe some the kids are eating something that ain't on the menu
Here's Pompato Beach. Hello
Pompato Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil
I spoke about a month ago. I sent you a new version of the 10 Commandments and I addressed it wrong
It says station WQAM 200 North West Second Avenue Miami your tension to your Rogers. Yeah, I just got it back
It's a long article. It's about the new version of the 10th Commandments and when I was reading it
I thought you're I've elested you for a hundred years. You want me to read that some? No, no God forbid now all right
Now let me have your dress cuz I don't think you're a judge of the address
But no, I tried to get it and he said he said I had two options. He's a talk to you and not talk to you. Yeah
Well, why did you tell him that why won't you just go he's gonna be dead? No, I'm asking George. Oh
George he was taking forever to get to his point. I thought he had a big long story
Yeah, I'm gonna put me out with you. He said I'll give it to you now, okay?
He just wanted to put you to this. You wanted to put you through the ringer, you know
Okay, hang on
And you got to go through a little grief to get you know, you think we're just gonna give you the address for nothing
Is that what you think? Uh-huh wrong?
5 6 7 0 5 60 I love this I may just read the whole editor from the Atlanta Constitution
I know what people hate it when I read stuff on here, but too bad. It's great
In fact every time I do read stuff on here
We get a whole zidian bunch of people saying oh, please put that on your website or please working
We get a copy of that just like that idiotic thing I read yesterday from Sherry Winston and you got name Sun Sentinel
I
Mean this garbage this will of
People who just don't have common sense people who are professional
Everybody are professional blacks professional Jews professional Cubans professional goy-am professional idiots
Whatever the hell they are
Yeah, get with it
Always everybody else's fault. Oh, we didn't you know the copy was this reaching for a waistband
It's just an excuse Sherry or a jackass honey. You're an idiot
You're eminently unqualified to be writing a column even for the guy named weekly reader even the kids would laugh their ass off
I just you're a you're a symbol then
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Hey. I got a date County schools
Solution okay Jeff Cohen
Deliver to the schools all right. There you go. Hey
Better be to them that's slop I saw the other day. Yeah another thing to touch on I took my nephew to
Opening day at the panthers the hockey fair. Yes, sir and
And they were nice enough to not charge the park
But last year when we went all the food and everything was half price this time it seems like they tripled it
Two hopped off the two coats for like 1450. Yeah
That's incredible. Well, they just keep raping you man and the food sucks to begin with it's way in especially and then the other thing
They did was landed at the ballpark like Hank is always saying the goddamn food at P.P. Park
I wouldn't pee pee on the best part of it. That's how bad it is
Yeah, next I'm gonna eat McDonald's
That's right next the other issue was last year they let you go downstairs and go backstage into the locker rooms and check everything out
This year they were charging for VIP passes to go back there and everything
But that was kind of yeah, not really a fan appreciation type thing how to win friends and influence people
That's another reason they didn't put the guy named go lights in because they don't want to spoil the fans and give us too much
You know for a buck. Hey any free tickets for the opening day. No
Here's a fact from Bob link of which oh, I'm glad that he sent this and I'm shocking for me to say that
But yesterday he sent this back saying the good news is there's a new airline for all you Vegas lovers like me
National Airlines which started this year and they've been flying from other cities nonstop to Vegas
But the as usual we're way down on the list
But Miami to Vegas will be flying nonstop starting as December of this year
They'll be flying 757 with 175 passenger configuration and seven normal 200 22 seats in first class
They're owned by Harris and Rio Suites. They'll make sure you get the best service
It's national airlines and they start this December nonstop direct Miami to Vegas. So say goodbye to America
Where oh god, they blow?
Also, so Bob Ross ends the fact that I say my new hero governor Jesse Ventura in his playboy interview said all religions are for
Mindless wins nice going there. Jesse
Jesse Ventura see we can't afford to wait till 2004. We need Jesse to run now
Saw him on their levels. It wasn't on Larry King was on some other. I don't know where it was. I was on MSNBC
We need him now
He said organized religion is a scam and they clutch for the weak-minded all right there you go
And he also wants to decriminalize pot. He's also but he see he made a very clear last night his vision of the reform
Party is physical conservative and socially liberal. How do you like that? There you go?
What we've been looking for for a million years? That's exactly what we need
Physical conservative social liberal
Somebody wasn't interested in sticking his nose and everybody's goddamn bedroom and the pontificating what everybody ought to do
Empty out some jail cells with all these poor weed people so we can put some real criminals in there and
Tell everybody the religion is a goddamn scam. It's a big ripoff. It's a lie. It's a big frickin business
Oh God well only to have somebody like that leading this country or just even leading this town
Why am I a soda? They got him and what look what we got down here? We're stuck with bush
Too much goddamn bush man
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the so what are gonna have her lunch by the way? Oh, you already are taking care of it
We're gonna get pizza from a Brad it Tony's today. I mean I realized it won't be nearly as good as that crap that we saw in the
Michelle Gillen piece on channel four yesterday
Like we see slimy pizza look like I don't know what that was the run it looked like a little sauce on there, but it's not
But you know she's a handling and she sneezing and she's farting and she's acting her nose and her ass and then the handling the food and the money and the handing it to your kids
God almighty there ought to be a revolution in this town
Over what's going on in the school system and the fact that there's not and let me say it again
It's not just a commentary on the town. It's a commentary on the parents on use people out there most of whom don't seem to give a crap
Here's Miami Beach hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Neil is a
Mara Panella's fire reports
He said I was at a conference this morning and he he was the speaker there and he introduced his wife as William
To my wife William. Yeah, I look around the table. No. I don't know if anybody else got it
But whatever I didn't know it meant well, maybe he's married to a guy named William. I don't know you know
I was always calling him out of cone. I don't know. Maybe they got a point. Yeah, that's true
Also, I want to ask you some I don't know if you've ever mentioned this on the air
But I know country music is for idiots, but what how do you do about Johnny Cash?
How do I feel about him? I mean, you know, he makes me feel kind of shaky to be honest with him
I
Enjoyed your wish. Yeah
All right, all right, Neil you're the best. Okay, have a great day. I'd like that Johnny Cash
He's your can seen can he? No, never could sing a look
And I'll tell you when he's 140 years old. He's got a leg and a half in a grave. He'll still be making another comeback
10 50 what is it? It's 10 56. How do you like that at 5 60 WQM? I feel like I just sat down here already
My rectum is on fire. I'm so pissed off about this school thing. I just I don't understand people
I don't get it. I mean, it's not something revolutionary
No textbooks. No food. No meals for a whole bunch of these kids
And it's like oh, yeah, what are you making trouble for what's that? It would just it's just the way it is
We got too many kids we can't afford to feed them and this is the assistant superlant and the school with a bad hair piece
Henry fraud
God are you people in date County man? Now, why don't we all move to Broward Jesus Christ? Thank God
I did I was did ahead of the time before everybody started flying out. I did a long ago
Maybe I had a little bit of foresight foreskin
No
No
you
All you got to do is treat and lie
Huh?
I'm so tired of a VVP
And I think that that you can in so pretty
Bradley is next shot
And Ford is just a joke
And your doubly yourself
And the baby's nodding so
Huh?
I would invite for you
You're right
No matter what you do
I don't care how hard you try
All you got to do is treat and lie
Just need to body baby that's our great hope for America
Let's hear it
Let's have a goddamn draft the body campaign
Huh?
So anyway nobody responded a couple of days ago when I mentioned to you
In fact somebody called and alerted me to it which I thanked the guy for doing
But nobody must have seen that piece on date line two nights ago
Which they repeated on MSNBC last night about the Atkins die
And they show that guy that lost 100%
And for considering most of the pieces are usually very negative and hostile
This one was pretty well balanced and they had Dr. Bob on air looking old and you know
But he's great
And the guy that lost 100 pounds and has kept it off for over a year
As cholesterol has gone way down he's in great health
He hasn't felt better when the Zidian years you've got all kinds of energy
And they showed us freezer and his freezer was loaded with meat
And I've always said that's always been my motto
Man if you can't reach for some real good meat you ain't you know life isn't worth living
You always got to have it close by
So it's kind of too bad JP went back to school you know
But seriously he had ribs and he had stakes and he had you name it
He just loaded
And that's what you got to do
That's the only way you can stay on the Atkins
It's just to make sure that your whole house and also where your car
Like when I leave here every day if I had some slim gyms to take with me
Some beef jerky some slim gyms on the way home
Not when I come in in the morning but on the way home if I had that stuff
To notch on a little bit
Just to tide me over during that
And by the way one of the reasons I'm frustrated when I leave here is no more
A Sylvia there at the goddamn turnpike
Why did you people take away my girlfriend Sylvia you maniacs at the turnpike by the
Guy Dan ballpark
Since I raved about what a great person she was not much I loved her
She vanished they probably put her at some other joint that to piss me off
So maybe somebody did see that don't forget our center one stuff starts tomorrow
And all the spectres all over town in South Florida they'd grow it in Palm Beach
Maybe someday if I live long enough what why you have your fingers crossed like that?
No no reason
What does that mean?
Is there some doubt that they'll be in the aspects tomorrow?
I told you the story
But they will be nippin tucked it'll they'll be there
They will be there
You better tell me that they'll be there I'll tell the story about the golf tournament
They'll be there at the appearance
That's for sure
They'll be there at the appearance which is at specs this Saturday I'll be there
At the sawgrass mills mall which is right at the blue a dolphin entrance in your Ruby Tuesdays
Off the mingar road near rooms to go
Noon to two of the Saturdays at the sawgrass
So anyway and then also we're going to be doing the next appearance at pizza loft at Tuesday October 19th, 6th, 8pm
Pizza loft in Davy and University Drive behind Perwin imports
You're a little bit nervous when you start talking like that like maybe this and maybe that especially after the disgraceful embarrassing story
Which I wasn't going to tell on the year about that piancule
It wasn't bad enough we had all the OJ business going on
It wasn't bad enough for that and then I didn't see it myself
But the rumor I hear is that one of our people I don't want to mention Sam who's as useless as teats on a goddamn pencil
I don't want to mention him
But when on the year along with that embarrassing OJ crap and claimed that we raised 25 grand percent of one of that golf tournament
And come to find out from my hysterical lawyer
Norm Kendo called me in the middle of the show yesterday during commercial break to tell me that we only raised over a little over 2 grand
For center one because all the rest went for expenses
So we went through all of that you know I mean every dollar every dime you know helps it's great it's a great charity
But you know to go on here and tell people we raised 25 grand when we raised really 2 grand
Does that sound like a little green line to you?
But then again line is our middle name here at QIM
Here's a lady in the keys hello
Anya
Yes ma'am
Okay I called you a couple weeks ago about nominating you for same hood and the folks that know
And folks that know
The folks that know
Who would name me that so you would name me where it's a dumb column
You and your golden crowbar
Yeah
Just a couple of things
I don't know if it was brought up I tuned in an hour late today ketchup is a vegetable
Right
We call that
Okay
And just sitting on something else you said last week
I didn't want to be chronic but I think Columbia should be most favored trade nation
It already is
Well I mean on the record
Yeah
As opposed to China
In fact if George W. Gittin he's going to make it to announce that the first day of the first day he got to talk about it
I have your
Nothing well surprised me in fact I would have I always ride in I am a registered voter I vote
Religiously and I wrote in
Right
I'm sorry
Are you there?
I'm going to be a case on it
I ride in I mean you you know you can be dead to vote this is South Florida
Right
You could probably be dead to run if you look at some of the candidates
I voted for Ralph Nader and Frank Zappa
Yeah
And I just see the body what do you say?
Oh God yeah
I mean really
Let's start a big movement right now I say today let's start a gigantic movement
For Jesse the body we can't wait another four years
He puts the puck in the bucket
Right that's right he puts the abyssin in the basket
And I think if you're not experienced in smoking a little weed
You know you're not fit to run this country
Right that's right
It's a new millennium baby
One more thing
Yes ma'am
I have a daughter in rehab
For 46 months she's 15 years old
She's in there because she is addicted to pot
Okay
And this is what they say
And it kills all your sperm cells
And I don't think she has any sperm cells
But that's what they say
And when they took her away three people took her away to the place
I was coistered in the judges chamber
And the judge suggested
It said
Would I voluntarily go into rehabilitation myself?
I didn't tell her I've been smoking pot for 30 years
And I was feeling pretty serally
And I said no
And she insisted
And I said no
And she said well we can put you in contempt of court
And I said well you do what you have to do
But I don't care because I could use a little time off
Meanwhile
Life is good in the keys
Okay
Hang in there sweetheart
Bye baby
Okay bye bye
Well
Well best of you 99 CD is coming Friday
Get him and specs music is beat and ground
Plus West common voice and catch feel of hearing and specs
Our grass mills
This Saturday from New Zealand to New Zealand
So that's the bill
Here's a benefit for spend your one from 560 QA count
It puts the lotion in the basket
It's so hard to be my son
Because the group that I'm in
So if I can't be one dance on the child
And the audience
And we sing just like girls
And we're really happy
I think
We're back to a boy
Are we made a tradition
Or in sync as I can feel
And got no feel
Do you know what band I'm in
Baby it's boy to me
The sounds all around
If he could sound the same
There would be for me then
Just jump and boy jump
Should we make him tired
Yes I'll just like her
I can feel
And it's gone feel
Baby I can't love it
All my my skin
Just once is explained
You're fine with me
I can feel
I don't know what to think
But I know this song sings
No fight at all
We're your best of truth
Over asking can you sell us our name
Yes
Just with confusion
And so close to you
Oh, I can feel it
Where can we see
Lena 43
44
Lisa
Lisa
Appreciate it
Everything feels so easy
doing that are we that desperate are we that uh... uh... much without any kind
of uh... principle whatsoever uh... we put a man with no personality of
bland disaster a horrendous uh... wrote that uh...
president you were a most of any has ordered the arrest of homosexuals in
compala you ganda saying you and human rights conventions do not
necessarily apply to africa newspaper reported
how do you like that i've had to can in like so he's considering moving but
there's too many smarts there
i've told the criminal investigation department to look for homosexuals
locked them up and charge them to this issue of the government owned new
vision newspaper quoted him as saying homosexuality is illegal in you ganda
and carries a maximum in punishment of life imprisonment
you can't leave a criticize universal declaration of human rights
saying it had not been drawn up with the participation of african countries
and therefore was not universal and africa will show you a thing or two okay
you think we're barbarians will prove it to you
that's in
you ganda
soviet working the second shift
what does that mean so i don't get to see her anymore that's it i mean
god damn it
i miss you soviet
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to one of the
so they did see that atkins peace
because it was pretty good it was pretty well balanced it was uh... almost uh...
except for that god then you know they got to bring on the uh... the naysayers
they've always got to do that just to cover their ass just in case a bunch of
people croak which so far we see anybody croak from it yet no
all this crap about kidney disease no
here's margaret hello
yeah we don't know okay sir
did you know that this is the band book week
really
yeah and six of the ten uh...
novels of the of the century uh...
have a major censorship battles
and the worst is in flower to work in pence a cola
they tried to ban human anatomy and physiology because it showed
explicit sexual drawings and human gentiles
human gentiles oh my god
that would be a couple very good and gentle that's what i say
little house of prairie
uh... great to wrap great that you know all uh...
they've all been tried to be sent to the one time
and it had a hundred fifty members of congress
i get in our liberals and we're with christian right
uh... trying to uh...
pastoral i think stricter stricter
a language in book so it's getting worse instead of better
but there you go okay
pretty soon i'll be banning time magazine it'll be next
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
here's a mobile in four-letter day
but we go line eight again we're getting that new phone here some day if we
live long enough so we won't have to go through that again
uh... boy feel like you know this place you take one little tiny half a step
forward
and then you take ten steps backwards
just when you think you make a little bit of progress
here's a north mimey hello
any of you sir
i could have uh... kid in temperate pines my i live there
and uh...
this was the good for a lot of high school she's a ninth grade but they go out to
the ninth grade annex
fifty five portables
and they have p
now the p is done in the field
out behind the portables yeah
no water to drink
no trees no overhang
and the kids are there for an hour and a half class
imagine what that smells like when that's done
yeah
is no shower
does no shower shower
there is no
lockers
the kids must wear sneakers or carry them and the clothes that they were
during gym with them all day long
oh my god and there and i've been to the school already
and one of the things i wanted to mention before i go is that
every parent that hears me
they are responsible it's not you sir i want to tell you something right now
you are the only car
i got into board or nearly i wouldn't mention that because i said a few days
ago i really meant it that i'm going to rely a lot less on call since we
don't get that many
but you're the that shows you how much these parents give a crap about what's
going on with their kids they just don't care
well they're responsible
if the government doesn't want to pay for education they should vote them out
if the school board is negligent believe me this is the worst kind of
negligence the water is undrinkable
and you know the teachers
the teacher worked out there all day long
not that you know it's like it's a joke
i went over to the school i complained
i'm going to go to the advisory board meeting and i
tell every parent that has a kid in pines
that that especially in ninth grade yeah forty three hundred students in
flattigan high school is built for eighteen hundred beauty
and there's thirteen hundred at the portable side fifty five portables
but you know what's loud is like in the morning ninety degrees there an hour
and a half
it's a joke and they do actually
it must smell real good there the wonderful and the
exercise you know they do exercises to they must run a mile
then they do exercise and where do they do it
on a thing a black top
painted green excellent yet and if they're not on the back of the doing it in the
grass
and this is totally acceptable you know they they all of this not
lady told me lovely people work there mean it's a middle miserable
circumstance
they said oh they're never going to put showers out here this is only
temporary i said how temperate think it'll be
five ten years
they never going to change never
and these kids are there and then they want the children
to respect the system to respect the teacher they want all kinds of respect they
want the kids to cow-towel and they treat them like dogs
and no adult would take it
no adult would take it
and the parents should be ashamed amen i'm in bad i'm telling you i'm
i'm not a little bit of humiliated for the fact that just after this channel
four piece these last couple of days the public should be screaming
bloody murder that they're sending their kids to school and at a whole bunch
of them at least in date county aren't even getting fed lunch every god then
they don't even have an opportunity to get a meal
well my my other daughter goes as a year younger two years younger
and she starts eating lunch at 10 thirty
ten thirty and they finish lunch at one thirty the schools over at two thirty
i mean it's but and it's the the politicians allowed the builders the building
build they never thought about a school
and now here we are and there's going to be even more kids there
and you know my generation anti-war and all this crap they aren't doing jack
while they're going worrying about making a
fuck amen and now when their kids grow up
what's in store for them what's in store for them not going to get any better
unless somebody just starts screaming about it it's just gonna get worse and i
love the comment by Jesse Ventura Katie Kirk and those people in that show this
morning look like somebody shot him between the eyes good
al rooker said all you know he didn't know what to do he was like whoa i can't
and it's the it's absolutely needed to be said thank god this guy somebody see
the only hopefully god i'll tell you that the rest of them and they're all the same you put
them in a barrel and you reach in and grab one they also smell the same it's so embarrassing
i hope somebody heard me i'd love to see a thousand people at that advisory board meeting
it's october 18th or 19th they can call the school
burn it down okay thanks for calling
thanks there's a guy to care is anyway that's unusual five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line i've been telling this audience for a thousand
years i've been screaming bloody murder about the priorities of the american public being upside
down and they are man sick twisted upside down
gotta have a new stadium baby we gotta have a new sports facility yeah right your kids are
whoever heard of any of these things kids bringing guns in the school kids bringing knives
in the school kids with no lockers kids with no lunch kids with the important portable god damn
classrooms kids with no textbooks and the bushes by the way both of them over in texas and here
in florida oh yeah we'll solve this we'll put the guy to public school business put put the
system out of business is what we'll do the private and aprocheol school that are ones that are
and if you're school by the way and up to stuff we'll penalize it you for it instead of
trying to bring you up to level with everybody else if you got low test scores we'll stick it to you
to guarantee that your kids won't get any education there and the one school system in texas by the
way i read a uh that didn't uh wasn't up to stuff they're having a nervous breakdown about bush
who all voted for him by the way and i'll realize what a phony he is a god damn elitist
piece of crap here's a mobile and sunrise hello yeah let me just tell you something i sat in on a
parent teacher night at camera at elementary last night i got to tell you i walked out of there
and if i didn't have high blood pressure walking in i did walking out all we heard is how jet bush
screwed this up and jet bus screwed this up that he didn't realize how many a schools we have here
in brow county and now there's not enough money in the budget to reward the a schools and how my kids
have to learn a doctrine put out by the state which allows them to pass a stinkin test they can't
write a sentence but as long as they follow the state guidelines and as long as they're able to
answer the test questions properly they're promoted to the next next grade yeah right it's just
enough that i mean i what do you do we've been fighting this for years the answer is we got to
move out of state it's unfortunate but there's nothing you can do the correct the situation here
it's a sin what they put these kids to do you realize my kid eats lunch at one thirty in the
afternoon she leaves school at two thirty you see each lunch at one thirty to two there's no recess
she has physical education once every six weeks it's unbelievable what these schools have become
and somebody has to wake up and somebody has to see what's happening here because Columbine is
going to be a common occurrence right because there's no way these kids can stand up to what's
happening to them they can't do it i don't know you're the only saying voice on the radio i wish
you could do something about it but i know even you can't yeah okay pal we'll try okay we're
trying just like the channel four piece like i said at least they got a response in one day at least
they got a response even though wasn't a good response but at least the public's eyes on it now
and more people got to start screaming about this stuff it's unacceptable it is unfripping acceptable
and these two guys they're called there and and like i'm always telling you we don't hear from
any of the mothers out there we hear from a lot of mothers but not the mothers of the kids
women don't give a crap about this they're too busy watching Oprah and Jerry Springer that's
all they give a crap about let me just tell you this if that's your mentality stop making babies
okay get fixed right now stop making anymore babies please do us all a public service we don't
get any more goddamn babies get thrown off bridges or stuck in pizza ovens please
all these crazy right-to-lifers these fetus huggers out there they don't give a crap about any of
this all they give a crap about is overpopulating the world which we've already done an unbelievable
job of doing oh no we can't afford to build anymore goddamn new schools let's build some more
prison so we can put some more goddamn marijuana growers in there some more weed criminals in there
and you give me a song in a dance like that one punk oh screw you Neil when i'm telling you
about what a screwed up society this is i don't care how many goddamn strip shopping centers you got
how many glitzy neon signs you got or how many super highways you got this is still a goddamn
slaughterhouse this is a place for idiotic barbarians this isn't a goddamn civilized place
where people don't give a crap about their kids and all this is empty rhetoric oh our children are
most important resource yeah right what a freaking joke we got the goddamn word police and
a pot police but we don't have anybody that interested in teaching anybody to have an IQ larger
than a thumbnail get smart america it's about fricking time and like i said Jesse the body
that's their only hope i'm writing his name in lyridians dumb as dirt in theaters now from the
producer of the sixth sense here's the seventh sense i smell all people me too they smell like
thin guy no like mouthball they smell like albatore i don't like to or ball it the seventh sense no like an
albatore stuff with mouthball okay here's the news path is just rated billy lensey to Calgary for
Todd Simpson which i had a fax on that earlier but now it's official just happened didn't i tell
you that they were going to trade billy lensey that till that day ago yes five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T rattle sponsor leaster doing something and watch those calls
just drop off like flies man wow see they're really whipped up about this it's that important to them
here's a mobile implantation hello okay sir okay well since we're all on the bad side i'll get
to the good side i just can't wait to see you at brilliant thanks for your usual brilliant call
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Daniel hello
oh Neil yes sir you're such a god damn boy love live out yeah long live out guess what how it ain't
on right now okay old fart long live how it how it ain't on it's eleven thirty in the morning and
you're listening today like you do every day that's why i'm so boring because you know that's why
listen old old wrinkled tired you're the reason that all these things go on in this state because this
isn't the state for young people anyway this is a place for old farts like you who want to make
everybody else just as miserable as you are long live howard yeah you should live so long
that's this guy's only relationship with sex is the list of the Howard in the morning that's
his closest this guy's ever going to get again here's a mobile and Jupiter hello hey how are you
okay i had three three stories first of all ten years ago i tried to talk to the school district
down there in Broward County about my kids school nobody wrote the bus there's no buses
everybody was driven to school or walked to school and a bunch of us parents thought traffic
was unsafe we had us just you change it you know there's actually a class you have to take
at Broward Community College like the protocols of talking to people who work for the school
district like you'd have to know one to kiss the ring and one to scrape the protocols the
protocols of speaking to people who work for the school district basically just like how to get
through how to get your address your concerns addressed at the school like the protocols of the
elders of sunrise like that now and let me tell you something else too okay given it's if
there's a plumber which you keep giving them more money the problem is that they don't have money
the problem is they have buildings full of people who never do a damn thing all day and get a
salary what we ought to do is we ought to fire everybody that works for the government that doesn't
talk to three taxpayers a week make them go home for a month and then let the people who are left
over vote on who gets to come back okay because that's the only way to cut this crowd out they waste
the money and it's just like the first and the fire chief wants a new fire truck well he's
going to let a couple of houses burn down I bet he gets his new fire truck they put the pressure
on at the point of sale which is where our kids go in there and they just ask for more money and
more money and more money and they don't do nothing with it except spend it on himself and have more
people on them so they're a bigger shot and that's that's the problem with every part of our government
mom I'm going to go to BCC and take a course and find out how to speak to the colors
well I I assure you that's the case after I'm going to get take that right after windsurfing
well you've just go try to make a flim with a principal with a school if you have a kid there
and it's like now if you take in you know I forget with a number of the courses or something
but you get a certificate it's like this guy knows how to you know address you properly I have to
make sure I'm also going to take 101-2 make sure I know what you need to bend down
but this is the thing that bothers me the thing that bothers me about you is I mean you're so
pro government and if this was a plumber you would you would fire or is this another gun hugger
is that what this is well that's exactly okay thanks because you weren't making any sense anyway
5 670 and the thing that bothers me about you yeah is that you're so pro government
what what is that I'm pro government I'm as anti-government as anybody you'll ever meet in your life
see this guy really this is all a smoke screen okay it's just that's all he's concerned about
is just don't take away my guns so he cares about oh you're so pro government that's a freaking
joke get the government out everybody's a bedroom off their back out of your lives and have them
start doing the things that you're paying your taxes for that's all we need government for
educate your kids protect a guy then public provide the services etc and so on and keep the
infrastructure going and that's it that's all we need have the government do the things that
we're paying our taxes to have them do period period end of discussion let's get rid of the
goddamn word police let's get rid of the goddamn bedroom police let's get rid of the pop police
I'm so big on big government you should live so long pal you got to you're just obsessed with
your goddamn he's so off with your little phallic object must be an old smoothie this guy
here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir oh hi Neil I've never called up a show before I've
lived here for a long time and I've never it's never felt like calling but you know I have a 12
year old daughter and and fortunately I've been able to put her in private schools for and the
reason why is when when she was start school we brought her to the Almentar's who were supposed to
and there were two signs probably eight foot big square no guns or drugs allowed these are five
year old kids that have to walk into a school and be faced with something like that and you know
I'm having a rough time going because I don't do this very often but she's been in private schools
and the program that she has you can see the advantage and you can see why wealthy people continue
to become wealthy because you're such a distinctive advantage I mean they're learning programs
that I probably didn't learn until I was in college it's it's it's such a tremendous program
I don't think it would cost anymore to put these in the public schools I don't think it cost
anymore to do a good job and it doesn't do a bad job except all they want to do here is is
again I say after there are prints in bureaucracy and coddle the idiots the dummies who aren't
learning anything and are going to be able to learn I think so they can keep them there and keep
advancing them with the so-called this bull crap that's been going on for as long as I've been in
this state moving them along from year to year to year and it's a bunch of garbage get them
with a hell out of there take the disruptive people take the idiots where the low learners and
slowers and get them out of the way everybody else when a doubt get them out and that's it and you
see that in school I mean if you're a problem you're out you don't they don't pay attention to that
you're gonna call the problem it's one of the other kids you don't belong here we'll pay attention to
the nineteen and then they want to build more stadiums which is another real I mean it's like
I want to tell you something my blood curdles when I think about the potential let one dime more
of tax money could be spent to build one more god damn sports facility in a town that's already
got too many sports facilities some of which are hardly ever used anyway in the Miami Arena which
almost will never be used this is a crime and to think that the mayor and a lot of other politicians
like some of the commissioners in Fort Lauderdale now and in the mayor of Miami all of these
assholes are willing to try to get us sucked in again and that both major newspapers by the way coming
down on the side of this idiot John Henry this is unconscionable what hurts is the other believeable
they're gonna win they're gonna get their guns mother not no they don't pal they will not win believe
me all they're gonna get down when I told you there will be no new stadium for the marlins right
it down in braille well I just feel that there's so many more on down here isn't gonna happen man
just take a look at the penny sales tax okay people are starting to wake up better late than never
I hope so okay good luck and good luck to us five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
18 T wireless line just what we need is to find some see I hate to break the news to you but you know
well you know the money from the tourists it's a bed text but the fact is it's still revenue that we
collect oh boy just like all the lottery money there was supposed to go to education did they're all
good education oh no you can do whatever you want with that money because we're collecting that
revenue so you can put it to good use or you can put it up for crap for nonsense for garbage so
you can again help out the billionaires that these people are in bed with you people at the
Harold and the Sun Sentinel just on this one issue where the hell are you where are you where's your
outrage where's your god damn common sense or if they got their hands so god deepen your pockets that
you you your common sense is gone if you ever had any beware of exploding bald from the creators
of the fabulous show who wants to be a millionaire is who wants to live in a trailer park okay for 35
odd food stamps a child will have an IQ of four if your sister has sex with a her brother that's
me be her cousin let's get her see the town idiot hey that's me too or the the family dog
scruffy I don't that I didn't get no babies from it so I'm gonna have to go with a her brother
mate final answer yeah and the answer is yeah either a or c because you are her brother and the
town idiot and you do in fact have a son with an IQ of four don't you yeah a stop trying to see
if you're bunk rack really go about and smile to the gamers soon in next time as we try and turn
those 35 food stamps into a double barrel shotgun with no safety on who wants to live in a trailer
park on ABC the FG it's 11.45 at 5.60 W.D.C. I mean they had a piece on the news last night again
this morning about those two school bus accidents yesterday around the country and the two kids get
and killed and it's really interesting that at this late date how many years have they had school
buses about 600 years they've been having kids go to school and school buses and now the big debate
about is wow we should we have seat belts and the one group of people are saying wow you know you
got to have mental save lives and then the other group but while we had a study and it shows that
more kids will get killed if we have seat belts because they're bones will crack and they'll get
thrown to the side now it's a real good time to be warned about that isn't it 400 years later
but the real issue that they don't they talk a little bit about but because we don't want to be
insensitive to anybody is the nature of the people who are driving your kids to school and bring
them home every day and you know something probably the less you think about this the longer you live
because it'll stress you out if you think about the nature of those people who are driving the school
buses I'm not saying all of them I'm just saying most of them most of them shouldn't even be allowed
to drive a goddamn Volkswagen Beetle out there in a goddamn highway much less a school bus
do you know how difficult it is to drive a bus by the way it's not like driving a goddamn car
let's drive in a truck we got people driving school buses who are
eminently absolutely positively on freaking qualified
like the one guy was what was it is fourth the wreck where he hit the kid the other day is fourth
fourth time he hit somebody but it was a little black kid so we shouldn't be that worried about it
I guess that's what it is here's the model in Hollywood hello Neil yes sir you've probably
to call I've never called you show before and I've listened to you for years but in the
sunset known the Miami-Herald band an article about this 18 year old kid who broke into a
guy's house in Cooper City and the guy shot the kid and the mother was saying that you know
yet her 18 year old son's been arrested 40 times right and there's something wrong with the
system because the system failed him the system couldn't help him and yet you know they talk about
how he has an 18 month old kid he's still in high school 18 month old kid you know he has an 18
month old yeah yeah and uh he's got the number of kids over there and babies let's hear it he's
making babies make the babies he's robbing houses right and and there's something wrong with the
system the system failed him maybe you should you know like sterilize all these crazy people that
ever haven't children and then are out there for sterilization let me say it again forced sterilization
yeah they're just disgusting that there are people in America like this they keep on reproducing
kids they keep on out there stealing things and you know rape and people and yet there's something
wrong with the system because we can't rehabilitate these kids but uh well take care good luck to us
pal now the system has let us down not him 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 teeth that's what
isn't that what he said and that idiotic calling yesterday about mama's and daddy's and all
his other horsecraft oh Jesus so anyway Jesse the body this morning I didn't see it was on
the NBC on the video because I saw him on last night now did you have the exact quote or close to
it you were telling me before what he said about religion apparently he said it in an interview
uh playboy interview and then he repeated it yeah he repeated it and he said organized religion
is a scam and a crutch for the weak mind it all right there you go a scam and a crutch for the
weak mind it so quote uh Jesse the body ventura in his playboy magazine interview and he also said
let them smoke weed yeah man how do you like that see ordinarily any politician in this country is
scared crapless to say anything like this because they feel they got to be goody kut kut kut kut kut
here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir hey thanks thanks for talking about this topic I'm
going to tell you a little something I have said I got five nieces and two nephews one of my nieces
who's 15 is already popping out kids and my my other niece she can she is barely literate she's
graduating high school and they gave her social promotion social promotion and also we got
remember the grave curvature so that people who kids who get 60 percentile is are it's still considered
a passing grade they get the they're lucky enough they get 60 percent of their test right okay you're
passing and in my nephew who plays sports we won't even go into that he could they give him basically
basically basket weaving 101 right until high school just to keep him on the football team and he
comes out he's basically talking like in a litter of goon and that's what that's what my my
relatives are turning out to be and I can do some day they'll let you come and visit the trainer
park if you're real talk about actually they do live in one that the entire house
of the house between the two of them male I am from Arkansas what do you expect oh that's
true yeah my brother and his wife between the two of them they have 10 kids and they can match between
when the two of them they can match loose tailors weddings amount of weddings there you go that's
the important stuff we must talk to them and poke create the face okay thanks for the good news pal
babies making babies that's what it's all about God forbid we sure don't want to teach these kids
about birth control stuff like that because that'll get them all horny and whipped up to a frenzy and
they'll start doing it keep a ignorant baby that keep an ignorant bear foot and pregnant that's
the right wing mentality here that's coming from me who's so big on big government that bet guy
what an asshole that guy was Jesus he's called before with his right wing rhetoric is gun sucking
rhetoric oh what worries me about you is what's wrong with you is no there ain't nothing wrong with
me pal I'm perfect just ask me I'm a perfect asshole five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t wireless line here's Miami hello pretty good sir quick point I got he was
on a little bit of go up his daughter was in school in Pembert Pines right I'm a trailer I'd like
to know every builder when you build a new house you have to pay impact fees to Broward County one
impact he goes to parks and recreation the others for education yeah what in the world is going on
we'll solve that money they're collecting beats me I mean there's one case right guys they've got
to have the money they're charging every on for it so where's it going warmest management in the
government yeah going in somebody's pocket that's the place they'll always go just like that money
was gonna go that penny sales tax in Dave County yeah that was going to go into mayor penguins
going to our mayor's buddies pockets right got it that's it Neil okay thanks have a good one five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line are they whipped up about this no
all those mothers on a phone screen the hell and how are they about what's going on with their kids no
no no they're like I told you they're busy watching Oprah they're watching jury springer
they're busy with important things they can't be bothered with stuff like this
here's Fort Lauderdale hello good afternoon good morning Neil good evening good evening whatever it is
I'm a little worked up over the subject yeah I'm foaming it to mouth I don't see the
believable yeah the guy I called about his kid at pines elementary in the state of Florida it's
illegal to withhold water during physical activity when when children are engaged in any type
of physical activity yeah they are obligated to supply water every 20 minutes now that may be
a an approach that he could take as far as getting you know causing some commotion over there
because they're breaking the law if they're not supplying water to the kids while they're out in
the black top sweating their asses off right okay number one that's that's one approach he may want
to take um if the marlin's get another stadium why not saying they will they won't but if they do
they better not we will have one billion dollars in stadiums in south Florida but we have no room
at school to educate our children people like yourself and we have kids not eating lunch we have
no textbooks for kids to take home everything that goes along with it right if you speak out like
yourself and myself like I do we're considered to be on american or we're malcontents we got to
so we're we're screwed up in the mind and we just don't go along with you know everything that's
we're supposed to go on with that's it's ridiculous that's where our country was built on with
people speaking out against something that wasn't a right in correcting it yeah nobody speaking
out nobody screaming the other about this uh... i mean i'm i'm doing the usual routine here trying
to you know it listed a little bit of response this is just isn't one of those things that gets
uh... it's not a sexy issue you know nobody really gives a crap no we've we've created a society of
uneducated ignorant people on one side and a leader selfish jerks on the other right eventually
it's gonna come back to all of them are what do you mean eventually it already is the
slaughterhouse this country here eventually we're already in it you're right and the scary thing is
we haven't even seen the worst of it yeah and anyone who has any notion of voting for george w bush
for the president of the United States is either an elitist or has not done their homework and does
not realize that this guy is nothing but a criminal and it it it amazes me that people are actually
donating hundreds of millions of dollars to his campaign it just blows my mind why should that
surprise you well uh... it shouldn't surprise me he's the he's the tool of big money why should
it surprise you that he's attracting it like a magnet that is unbelievable anyway now you keep up
the good work and at least we have one person down here that you know you would george both at least
get it okay pal thank you see i'm screaming in the hall running kering on is going to do any good no
can't change the public overnight man you can't change them at all i mean they're just intractable and
immobile they got all the answers they know what's important like a sports third that the listen
to this radio station the other twenty hours a day all your pain on our parade you don't want that
stadium because uh... for some of your summer is that he's paying you off
i only wish that i had tapes if i had my vc argo i was channel surfing last night i went from the
game there and in in chakoga with kymisky park there was nobody there i mean nobody and the game
in matriol there was nobody there and in st. louis marrant and this double header where i'm a choir
we hit uh... two more home runs as if it was a big nooster there was nobody there
but let's spend some hundred four hundred million dollars more to build a guy damn baseball stadium
so this millionaire can no reason lives way off and make some money because it's really very important
to our community let me say it again you people at the minigame here all the most uh... for
waterdale sunset no you're a god damn disgrace to this community i only the one thing we need more
than anything else is a real newspaper here and of course because of your monopolies will never get it
and
in your latest report you said you didn't start cocaine
we think that push is lying i bet he did a lie cocaine
okay
seven years is fair now i'd like to check it here and cocaine
He's like the smell of cocaine.
He's designed, he's designed, he's designed.
cocaine.
George W. Bush, that's you did.
Come on, three of five, six, you don't need to come.
I got two stories here, which I think is a real good, just like the thing that I read that
editorial from USA Today about the guns, the shootings in Detroit and Windsor right across
the river.
Here's one from the front page of the heraldest morning out of Tallahassee.
Miners need parental okay to get their bodies pierced now.
Keynagers looking to pierce any part of their body other than their earlobes will have to
get ridden permission from a parent under a new law that takes effect on Friday.
Those under 16 would have to bring a parent along for the piercing.
Can you imagine if they're getting their pierced and they're bringing mommy or daddy or
both along to watch?
No problems, as Alex Vescalzo, a piercer attached to the circus in Miami.
That's always been our policy anyhow, we said.
The standard is you can't be tattooed if you're not 18, so you can't be pierced either.
It's sort of unwritten law.
Piercing a bunch of 15 and 16 year olds who aren't going to take care of it makes
everybody look bad.
You want the parent along so you can tell everybody how to keep it from being infected.
The body piercing law, and this is for the asshole that called the gun hugger, that's
given me a song and an answer about how I love big government.
The body piercing law, one of several going into effect Friday, was the work of
representative Carlos Valdez, Republican of Miami, who pushed the bill for four years in
the state legislature.
Oh, it's all you liberals who want the big government.
It is?
Huh.
Now here's a story.
Porn law violates kids' rights man argues out of Winnipeg, Manitoba in Canada.
A Winnipeg man says it would be perfectly legal for him to have sex with a 14-year-old
girl, but he's a criminal for taking a topless photo of her.
That's why Gary Michael Geisel is using the Canadian Constitution in his defense against
child pornography charges.
The legal age of consent for sex in Canada is 14.
But the law says new pictures of anyone under 18 constructed to child pornography.
Defense attorney Ken McCaffrey said the law discriminates against those 14 and older who want to
pose for titillating pictures.
The law also prevents his client from using consent as a defense, which is a law for having sex with a minor.
Geisel, now 56, was arrested at the homey shares with his 80-year-old mother in January of 97 and charged
with one kind of possessing child pornography.
Police seats, photos of girls in various stages of undress.
Provincial court judge Linda Greaseback found the disabled former cement plant worker,
Jily, but reserved sentence until the Constitution argument is resolved a new court date of October 28 was set.
McCaffrey noted that Geisel was not advocating child pornography, but pointing out where the law violates
young to his equality rights.
What we're advocating here is that a young person should have a right to choose that includes the right to make good choices and bad choices.
Prosecutor Deborah Carlson counted that while a sex act is fleeting, a photo is permanent and come back to harm participants later on.
McCaffrey referred to the recent British Columbia Supreme Court ruling that struck down the criminal code section,
outlawing possession of child pornography, saying it violated both freedom and personal privacy.
The appeal of that case will be heard by the Canada Supreme Court in January.
See any disparities there?
Uh-huh.
But if you want to get your body pierced here, you've got to be overweight, or bring a parent along here in Florida, here in the US of A.
And if you want to have sex, you've got to be over 40.
Look at that phone, baby. What did I tell you?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, you're pathetic. You're just pathetic. Nobody can move you with a goddamn crowbar with a lightning rod, with a foot up your neck.
Nothing can move these bastards off the dime.
23 years of the same agitation. I've been trying everything I know, standing on my head, squeezing my nostrils.
Everything that I possibly know. Can you do it?
No.
Can't move them for lover money. So try to move the people in this company.
I try to tell them not to tell the lie.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Sunny Isles. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay. I don't know if you saw the article in this edition of The New Times.
There's a great article that says, just say no to John Henry about the stadium.
Oh, I didn't see that.
Yeah, to be by Jim Mullins, a great article. It's on page 11.
I can thank two of you. Um, it's a great article.
I got it right here. I got the New Times in my... Is this the one with the Orthodox Jews?
The Holy Role with the... That's George Bush's crew, the Holy Role is George Bush's crew.
No, these are the Orthodox Jews. That's not Bort and George Bush's crew.
Oh, they're the drug mules. He's right with them.
Right. So...
Okay, got it. Take it out.
Thank you.
Thank you, Bill and Matt.
Okay, there you go.
Isn't that... Just say no. I wonder where Jim Mullins got that.
Just say...
No.
Urban Environment League President Greg Bush says it would be great to have a downtown nexus for activity,
but the lack of overall planning for traffic and parking is outrageous.
Oh, look at that.
Big, uh, that'll kill some time. Maybe I'll read that.
To see... No, it's just... It's a disgrace.
It's a national disgrace.
That these things that I'm talking about here today, that are on your goddamn television, some of this.
Uh, nobody cares about these things.
So, you know, it would be... It would be appropriate if you were the ones that were getting the fallout from you're indifference,
but the problem is that your kids are the ones that are suffering for it.
If it weren't for that, I wouldn't give a crap, because you get what you deserve, but in their case, they're not getting what they deserve.
They're getting what you allow them to have, which is nothing.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I can barely hear you.
Yes, sir. I'm right here.
Oh, okay. Right here. Right here. Right here in this chair.
One of your documents that listeners come from.
Long time listeners first time following.
There's another article in the paper about getting injured.
And if a trucker who was drunk and his employer knows it and hits you and your co-vets,
the state has now put a cap on how much money? Right, that's right.
The way.
This is that something.
They can be negligent and not have to tell you what that is.
Just leave you out in the cold.
That's about it, Neil.
Okay, thank you.
Everything else. That's depressing right on the top.
Hang in there, Mom.
Okay, thanks. I'm going to pull the trigger right now. Thank you.
5667-056-600 lines.
Wait, now, you hear pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Very, very unble- this is unbelievable today.
All the other days, it has been very believable because I'm getting conditioned to it,
but this today is just unconscionable. It's amazing.
It must be crazy. I must be nuts.
These days, there's a lot of confusion about banking.
More big banks are merging with bigger banks.
And they're all making promises about free checking this and customer service that.
But when it's all said and done, you want a bank you can trust.
One you can turn to. One that gives you what you deserve.
Where's that bank?
Judiciary union.
At FU, we know you don't like long lines of the bank.
So when you come to our bank and see the line, you'll say FU.
Want to talk about customer service?
After talking to one of our loan officers about a home loan, you'll say FU.
So when you're looking for a bank, there's only one thing we can say to you.
FU.
FU, remember?
And back at the top 13 at 560 WQM, Hank Goldberg at two, we got Hank and Bino at 5,
you know, Cook, rhymes with.
And then 6 to 8, we got Hurricane Hotline after 8 o'clock.
But we got out of Kaplan at 10.
In between 8 and 10, I'm too embarrassed to tell you what we got.
Get on the sand.
Cheers to Kaplan.
Oh, please don't say it.
560 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
I would just like to say, your topic for today is probably one of the best topics I've heard in a long time.
And I agree with everything you're saying.
And I think the school systems are really shocked to hell.
Like, you see it.
Yeah.
I mean, it's really terrible.
I mean, I'm a 28 year old person.
I graduated from high school here.
I coach actually basketball here.
And it's a bit of a bit of a bit of a burden to see how the kids are growing up right now
and seeing what the respect level is right now.
And coming 10 years from now, what's going to happen?
The people that are in the school that aren't worried about respect or worrying about anybody else.
Those are going to be the people that are out robbing you.
Those are going to be the people that are out committing the crimes.
And the only thing you can turn it back on and say, it's not the school's fault.
It's the parents and the people that don't stick up for anything.
Yeah, they don't give a crap.
I've never seen anything like this in my life.
These people, they should have their kids taken away from me.
I think, you know, parental negligence.
I actually think.
I actually have the coach.
I think some of them would like that to be honest with you because they don't want to have the responsibility of their kids.
I mean, they don't.
They just don't watch their kids.
And I think someone like you, I've been listening to you for a long time.
This is the first time I've actually ever called.
And I mean, the things that you come out and you say really mean a lot to a lot of people that know what realism is.
And I am definitely one of those people.
And I really appreciate your show for you letting other people know that are not aware of situations like this of, you know,
the real stuff that you talk about is stuff that needs to be said.
And unfortunately, not enough people in the higher positions or whatever, you know, the laws and everything that's made don't speak up like you do.
I think if they did, the country along with everything else would be so much better.
And I mean, that's really all I really have to say.
I just really want to call you and tell you that.
At least you know someone that's young, that's in the situation, feels the same way that you do.
And I really appreciate your show.
Okay, thanks a lot, Scott.
Have a great day, sir.
Thanks.
Okay, I appreciate to got caught from knew about the new times, Jim Muller, article about the baseball stadium.
But I just read it during the break and it's, I mean, you know, what's any article is is okay, but it is quoting Dan Paul and three other activists in town who are opposed to the stadium.
But it's all for the wrong reasons.
It's not just a question of congestion out in downtown Miami.
And you know, basically it's about that one location.
That's not what the deal is.
The deal is what we're talking about here today.
The deal is word, goddamn public subsidies for billionaires so they can play their goddamn fun and games.
I hate to break the news to your boys and girls, but there are more important things in life than games.
And I know on this radio station that's deeply presented and we got, I'm going to tell you something serious like those guys we got in the morning here.
I mean, these guys are, these are guys here.
They're just game players.
That's all they are professional game players.
At least when Hank is not even know Hank does a sports show because that's what he's getting paid to do.
There's some emotion there.
There's some involvement in some other things like the penny sales tax, like the stadium thing.
Like there's some passion for something besides just coming on and talking about the same bull crap as if to elevate to a level where it to make it seem that important.
It's not.
It's not.
And when you don't even have the balls to tell it like it is just like about the home run thing with a baseballs.
I mean, you know, again, you feel compelled to try to put it up here on this big level like, oh, this is the most important thing in the world.
Like Bob Eisenberg saying to me the other day, how about the what's wrong with my meds.
I look at those sports nerd people and I say to my next, nothing, you know, I'm a whole year than now that I'm so much better than everybody else.
But I look at those people and I out the only thing that comes to mind is, yeah, well, what what what are you?
What kind of space are you taking off that this is all you live, eat and read 24 hours a day.
This is all you know.
You couldn't have a conversation with some of those people about anything meaningful.
If they're alive, depending on how the God damn oozey and stuck it in a back to still couldn't have a conversation with them about it.
Because they can't function on that level.
All they know is games like these silly people that are God and you have him flip.
But that's all I'm hearing on the sports shows now, by the way.
And there's no legitimate interest there in the first place.
It's a bet like I said yesterday.
There's only two kinds of hurricane fans and that is bandwagon jumpers and bickers and winers.
That's the only kind there are.
And he's right.
But there's an endless supply of those people man and will supply.
And you try to point a finger with something that like life and death like is at the heart the whole core of this country.
And it's like well, we can't you know we can't do nothing about that.
Got these crazy people running around blocking off the God damn streets.
We had another one of these Cuban nomad bombers there who can't even get the goddamn target right.
Bomb the current a grove because the well the name was similar to the promotional agency that he thought was bringing in those fanbats.
And turns out that that guy even the right guy wouldn't have been the right guy because he ain't promoting and bringing them in anyway.
That's the kind of stuff that goes on here.
What can we get pissed off about even though it's marginal and a bunch of bull crap.
Here's a mobile in West Palm.
Any Ohio doorknob.
Okay sir.
If I thought any city that helped finance building a stadium would make money off of it, I would say okay we'll listen to the business venture they go into it and make a profit and put the profit to good uses.
You know without raising taxes.
Yeah like maybe some more schools might be good.
Exactly but the problem is that there was no details and it's so nice cushy deal for the team owner and the city always loses money on it.
Across the country the city lose money on stadiums. No deals.
Oh like San Diego. Could it be losing their ass?
John Soswell have report one time on that kind of thing and the stadium had a guarantee that certain percentage of people would show up if not the city I have paid the owners money for the stadium but at night.
And things like that which are which you know that's why I'm afraid of those things that's why I'm against any city building stadiums because it's a civil for profit you know and that's why I'm against that.
But also we talk about the accortulate.
We talk about the new law requiring kids to be 18 to get the peer.
Sure thing yeah.
Are you against that?
I'm for that only because for me a lot of the parent has legal responsibility.
To be in charge of that person the parent should know everything about that person.
I don't think several can go in.
They should know everything about that person.
Well what happens to that to that to that kid should be knowledge of the parents.
So some people they should hold their hand all day long too until they put them a tuck them in in bed at night when they're 14 to 15 and 16 years old.
No hold your hand but if someone's going to do for I guess it's a pick and call a medical procedure you know.
Some of these places that are are a medical procedure that's not really long you know that's that's using an interesting term.
I mean well if you have a piercing over your eyebrows and I really a place a proper place to be pierced where these people are infected then.
I don't like the way it looks but why not what is it your business where they want to stick it?
No it's not my business but I think infections can occur easier than you.
So it's not another way to get there if you're 15 you can get infected but if you're 19 you can't is that what you're saying?
No but at that point the parents aren't legally responsible for the person anymore.
Well legally responsible okay thank you.
You see where we're coming from legally responsible.
So if you let your 15 year old kid get is eyebrow pierced you know and he gets infected maybe he'll sue you for parental malpractice.
Legally responsible.
Thank you sir.
567-0560-050560 on the AT&T wireless line for the mobiles here's Miami hello.
Hi, how are you?
Okay.
I think everybody's approaching this school problem from the wrong angle.
Everybody seems to think that it's negligence on the parents negligence on the administrators.
This has all been planned out for about 10 years they're out to destroy the public school system and turn it over into the hands of the private school.
Absolutely.
That's all it's all about including the governor right here in Florida and his brother in Texas right?
Well in the school administrators too they look around and see end of teachers they see how much the pop private schools are paying.
It's more that the public schools so the good teachers are going to go to the private schools and eventually what you're going to have is you're going to have private schools opening up that aren't you know $10,000 a year like prime crest and they'll cater to the more middle class.
Right.
And the people that are left over that have you know they're just their mama or no mama or foster care whatever that's what you'll have left in the private school.
That is correct that's the game plan right?
And it's all planned it's not it's not some accident. This has been they've been in the planning stages and they're about halfway through and when they get it completely destroyed that's what I guess it's got to be going on longer than that because the parents are obviously so stupid that they're willing to sit back and nobody really not too many people open up a mouth about this and they're willing to accept it.
That's the tragic part.
I mean these are the same people who scream bloody murder about things that are so relatively insignificant but something as important as this they don't even give a crap about it most of them.
Right well that's what you have what the people that really care throw up their hands and put their kids in the private schools and the other people are home watching Jerry Springer.
Yeah.
And that's what that's what we're going to I just you know I figure I'm not going to die by disease when I'm maybe if I live to be 60 70 80 some you know punks going to hit me over the head and steal my wallet and that's going to be the end.
Well don't forget one thing that the American way you're right about that.
Okay good luck.
Okay.
We're a hard helmet always comes in handy.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line so far response basically is that even something as simple as the goddamn school lunches how can you send your kids to school I don't understand is did Michelle Gillen make this all up was she lying on channel 4.
I mean even the assistant principal there Mr. Afrod even he acknowledged that although we were doing we were to wear this but though you know this can't happen again and this is unacceptable.
And handling of the food that way and yada yada yada so they're not the nine anyway now that they got caught with a goddamn meals down.
But these people don't give a right to ask about something is basically as simple as the kid getting fed at school during the day so who the how can you expect them to give a crap about what do they learn anything.
So if I wonder the goddamn person that's driving a guy school bus is qualified to drive a Volkswagen.
Here's plantation hello.
There we go another one of our phone lines is just died I was lying seven that time by the way.
You know something seriously I'd like to pull a hand here I'd like to pick up this phone and just smash it against the goddamn wall.
Why does it take like a major song of dance like it did on Tuesday in this place why does it take practically threatening to walk out and then threatening lawsuits and every other guy dancing to get these people off the dime.
When a guy who sits down there and tells me to find my face how many millions and millions of dollars they're pumping through this place in power 96 every month when how they're going to do something with it for us.
Got the hootspot to sit there and tell me how into our engineer tells them how easy it is to change this thing over well let's see it sometime in our lifetime okay.
Mr. Reed Mr. Big shot let's see you do something for us finally.
Not that the credibility level is lower this place.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line here's a mobile implantation hello.
Yes sir.
How you doing okay I got a couple comments first I wanted to respond to the school and the end of the sports nerds yeah I tell you I tell you a problem that they have I think a lot of them are very uneducated they don't ever pick up a newspaper or watch the news so they can't even participate in a conversation worth while besides stupid sports.
So that's a big problem they won't know what they're talking about they don't think they do read the sports section or the sports what they listen to the channel seven sports whatever it is with the Rosenhaus funding right there that's the reason I'm educated they might have gone to college doesn't mean they're educated though.
Another thing is the school system I you're probably not going to agree with this but I think the voucher system might work for the lower class people because the voucher system if you give them first priority into what school they want to have their children attend and I mean if they're a rational parent they're going to want their child to attend the private best school in their county or in their district.
That could help help the lower class people receive better education and a better lifestyle.
Why not just make all the schools equal why do we have to do that why do we have to penalize schools why do we have to let those schools get worse and worse and worse.
The thing is it's human nature there's no way you can make every school either you're going to want why not why not why can't you have minimum standards for every school.
Let me answer because certain teachers are going to be that not every teachers or robots certain teachers are better than others so right off the bat you can't get you there's no way to get equal schooling because there's certain teachers that are better teachers there's certain there's certain that it's just not computers and folks that make it school good it's the teachers as well and the teachers are robots certain teachers are better than others.
Yeah so why can't we put better teachers in schools that are failing well that why I think we need to pay teachers better salary instead of encouraging parents to take their kids out of those schools so that only the
drags the best burritos are left in there that's part of what this last guy was talking about that's part of the game plan of destroying the public education system.
But that's the only way it's going to improve because right now the schools are are are crap they really are and they're not and the key I know that but Neil let me let me finish though the thing is a lot of the kids I'm sorry to say the schools might be crap but if you want to learn you can still learn and get a good education and then further education to go to college I have a couple of friends are African Americans they went to Carol city high.
They really really really crappy schools yeah I got a law school with them now at the university Miami they obviously they obviously better themselves they said they even said to me they go listen to school stuff but if you want to learn you learn you go to honor classes you take honor classes you listen to the teacher you behave you got to worry about safety issues at times yes but if you want to learn you can learn okay okay thanks.
All right this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers okay well pretty to a Q a m well with the bit we got behind their eye fault.
Here's a fact from the David and Jupiter who says very depressing news just a short note to tell you how the voters of Pittsburgh voted 70% against the building of two stadiums guess what even after the people voted against it they're building two stadiums subsidizing the stadiums for the runies and the maclatches the two assholes are each worth more than $200.
And by the way to go back to the thing about the school buses and the story they had on the news last night if the studies found out by the way that seat belts on school buses did make the kids safer we still got a big problem you want to know why because they're too expensive because it cost an arm and leg to put seat belts in all the school buses can't come up with a money for that can we know but build a new stadiums for millionaires and billionaires and they're going to have a big deal with the kids.
There's no problem anywhere command no sweat at all if the voters are against it will find some other way to bring it into the goddamn back door.
I'll tell you the leadership that this town you can't complain about the leadership here because there isn't any from the newspapers from the politicians from anybody.
Here's pop it all hello.
Hey Neil how you doing okay sir we need to buy more lottery tickets to increase the.
Yeah there you go let's go out and buy some right now I had one other question for you do you know the points spread on the panthers games Saturday night yeah now.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T Wallace line there's a real funny guy.
You're a real comedian man points bread they don't call them points and hockey asshole but what you know.
Here's a mobile and stored hello mobile and stored.
Hey Neil how are you okay sir I just wanted to make the way of a message I just left on our mutual fat disgusting garbage bill with friend Al sunshine.
I told him I said instead of maybe running around hurricanes and sticking microphones and honest hard work and people's faces.
Why don't you maybe now grab the governor to superintendent their family make a sneak surprise and just go have lunch at one of the school some afternoon.
After that disgusting episode maybe they should really do something and go ahead and do what you're trying to do rally to people behind and do something good for the public.
Yeah we're going to like to know again where is the mayor of date county who's you know during a hurricane he was on television every couple of hours hyperventilating and all this
is important because we weren't psychotic enough to satisfy him so we couldn't exploit that for his political gain but now that we got all this embarrassment in
the county since he is the mayor of the county what is he where his comments on it well actually here we use it you just hit it on that.
I mean when those things it's like you know all the people they listen to me the leader now he's missing to be an embarrassment.
He's a wazzle he's a wazzle and he's also a co-conspirator with Mickey Ererson and the hero and all these other grave robbers that want to steal our tax money and use it for billionaires.
I told you I told Mr. Sunshine I left my name and no Mr. Sunshine.
I told Mr. Sunshine.
Well I told him I said if you're a head of your soul I said if his balls were as big as his head maybe do something but they're not he'll do something.
Well they got the search party out.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
5 6 7 0 5 6 I mean Michelle started this thing and you know something I congratulate her even though she is a simple and then she makes me nauseous and I like to break her legs even in spite of all of that.
I congratulate her good job Michelle even if you had to do it.
And I'd like to know how come how come it takes an investigative thing on a goddamn TV on channel four there for us to find out about these things.
And how come it took those three kids in high league getting killed in that car wreck for all of us to the you know on the tango like this.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and Cooper city hello.
Yeah, sir.
A couple things one is the truth.
They want to spend 25 million dollars to build the antifist over this circle which means nothing.
So many other things that need to be reserved the circle name don't you understand that circle jerk right that's what they're doing at it.
Another thing is reading the paper which.
Very saw him to read the meaningful but you see we're clinton must forgive thirty seven billion dollars in debt to the.
What country nation and the Hispanic country and you know who the one with the champion for that was with the pope.
I think Hillary was know the pope yeah yeah.
And the reason that they're so poverty's because they're all been over a reproducing like rabbits because the pope told them to do so now we can forgive their debt so they can start from scratch and build up gigantic that's all over again.
I think the tech spirit should have a right to decide whether you're going to forgive thirty.
No, we don't have a right to do anything they just they use our money like monopoly money man we just get the shaft.
Okay, we just pay where we go to jail that's all.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Oh yeah just keep making babies man just keep making lots and lots of desperate babies.
The pope this man and there are people on death row for much less crimes than this man is committed.
This man is responsible for more suffering than probably any other individual on the face of the earth.
Spreading ignorance and suffering and starvation and poverty all over the world with his stone age red brick is bull crap.
Now of course maybe he's got an excuse.
Yeah, maybe he got some bad weed maybe that's what the screw up his brain huh.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line they're going to get this next damn thing in here.
I'll see look at that. Oh boy.
It's a goddamn communist plot today.
I just can't get that.
See, I had to get rid of that.
22 to one.
I'm just so worked up about this and I don't know why old bag like me.
I don't have any kids. I'm never going to have no goddamn kids in the public school system or not you know.
But it just makes you want to cry.
When you see and again don't blame the politicians don't blame the goddamn school board people.
Look in the mirror and blame yourselves because most of you people don't give a crap.
You can't complain about the behavior and appearance today about their parenting skills because generally speaking I don't think most of the god any.
Just like the two kids out there in little things they were building all the goddamn bombs and the handgun aids laying around and the parents were like well we're kind of oblivious you know.
We're too busy.
We didn't hear all those goddamn pipe bombs going off and it behind the grudge.
Station stands for nothing.
There paints.
I don't think I like you anymore.
You used to watch me chase.
How you do stare at the floor.
Don't there penis.
I don't like you anymore.
You used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine.
That's all we needed to get back.
Now it seems like the change that I think that you're the one who's lying there paint.
I don't like you anymore.
He says,
you're running.
I don't think I like you anymore.
When you get to drinking,
you put me places I've never been before there.
I don't like you anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relation?
Time to terms with truly how we feel.
If we put our heads together,
we'd just stay home forever in fair fiends.
I don't think I like you.
You're the last girl.
Oh, and running.
Well, you're shaving my whole life.
I'm 255-560-WQ.
I'm here's an interesting facts from a gentleman in Boka.
He's written to the mayor,
mayor of Penis in Dade County about corruption and discrimination.
It says,
if you're trying to rid your city of corruption,
you may want to take a look at your building and zoning department
and the licensing process we were exposed to.
We've been trying since July of this year to acquire a license to lawfully do business in your county without success.
Every time we think we've met all the requirements,
something else seems to pop up in our way.
What we're trying to do is utilize a vacant piece of property zone for retail business operations
to sell souvenirs on the days the dolphins play their home games.
Our operation is in no way like a flea market with bins of used merchandise thrown about for people to pull through.
All of our products are new and officially licensed and are displayed on professional store quality racks.
I don't know how we could cause any sort of negative impact on the surrounding homes and businesses
in light of the depressed nature of the area and overall appearance of the adjoining properties.
We've made at least a dozen trips from Palm Beach County trying to complete this task.
Each time encountering additional costly requests for things we were told would then accomplish our needs.
The issuance of a license are permitted to business legally.
Each time a requirement was put to us, it came with a referral.
By the way, my uncle is a surveyor, would you like his number?
Or my brother designs it at his shop or I have a friend who can do that real cheap for you?
We would accomplish each requirement with our own business contacts and not through the referrals,
but we could not acquire the license because yet of another costly requirement.
We've spent serious cash on the requirements laid out before us only to have more and more piled on.
We're now being told that the only reason we can't have the license at this point is because an NFL game is not considered to be a special event.
If it's not a special event then wire extra police on duty.
Wire a special city buses running from three counties.
Wire extra emergency service people on duty.
Wire hotels and motels hit with a surge of business.
Why do people from all over the US fly into the game if it's not a special event?
But the biggest why by far is why will we require to spend so much money in the first place
of getting the license wasn't possible.
I would submit it is possible, but it just wasn't being paid for through the right friends and relatives of the people with power to approve our requests.
Permits are issued for firework sales, a dangerous product, Christmas tree sales, and other such temporary situations.
Why not ours?
Because an NFL game is not a special event.
I would also submit that this decision is a personal one and is not based on code or law since NFL games are assessed municipal impact fees
because of nature and scope and can even sometimes have these fees waived to be able to host such special events.
We have acquired by a nail all the permits necessary to do business in three cities that were driving to this season.
And yet we can't accomplish this in our own state.
Can you do anything? Will you do anything? Do you care?
If we do not receive an immediate response to the situation from your office, we'll assume you won't mind us turning this matter over to the local media for their scrutiny and other agencies interested investigating government fraud and corruption.
Sign with a side name and a whole deal on here.
Well, good luck to you, my friend and Boka.
You just work recent to write poems, you weren't smear in the right people. I guess that's the problem.
Also, somebody has fact to me finally the stake and shake thing here.
Established Midwestern chain looking for about 20 locations in South Florida based in the Annapolis, by the way.
Does this have locations? Please.
Does this say somewhere where it's going to be?
Plans include a 99 C-33393 square foot restaurant on the Northwest corner of Santa Barbara in Flamingo Road.
Oh, my God, I could walk there right near sawdress mills.
Others are decided US-441 in Walser, Odin, Coral Springs and green acres in Palm Beach County.
The project the way zoning and other approvals.
So we still got a, but you know, I guess maybe we live long enough because he's taking shake here in South Florida. Thank God for that.
So there's some good news.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Boyton V. Hello.
Okay, and have a great day.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello. Yes, sir.
I kneel. Yes. How are you?
Okay. I love your show.
Uh-huh. You're great.
Yeah.
Um, there's one thing. It's this obsession you have with hockey.
Yeah. Okay.
Here's a mobile in Papano. Hello. Wait a minute.
For 20 minutes for that.
What do I have?
For 20 minutes for that.
Geez. Hey, God. How you doing today?
Okay.
Listen, I got a couple things.
I got a friend of mine who works at a, uh, a pizza and sub place that's near a high school on county line road.
And they have to come in early just to make 300 pizzas a day and they cart them over there.
Right.
I don't know. I don't know what that's all about, but they take them over there.
And, uh, my, I have a 16-month-old and a three-year-old and all this stuff that I'm here in my god, I don't know what I'm going to do.
It's frightening.
And, and you, like you saw, for like you just said five minutes ago, what do you care? You know, you're just a fact that you ain't got no kids.
That's right.
But, but the thing is, you know, is you are human being and you do care.
But, but the people don't, they don't care. They don't give a crap.
I know. And that's what pisses it.
You know, but then I'm going to tell you something.
This state is the most embarrassing place you could ever possibly go on the face of the earth.
I just can't believe how so many morons migrated to the same goddamn place.
These people are in La La Land. They came here to escape from life.
They came here to escape from reality.
And as a result, everybody else who lives here has to suffer from their goddamn indifference in La La Land mentality.
It's pathetic.
I know. And the sad part is I live in Pines.
And what that guy was saying about planning at high, with 4,300 kids for school, that's for like 1800 or whatever.
Right.
I mean, it's going to be, you know, 10 years or so for my daughter goes to that school and my son.
What's it going to be like that? I don't know what to do.
And it's just ridiculous.
Maybe they can go to school in the stadium because we ought to have one on every street corner by the time they get ready to go to high school.
No, actually what I'd like to do is make enough money, which is, you know, what we all want to do.
And have my wife teach him at all.
Yeah.
Okay. I guess you just grabbed the phone out of the stand. That was the end of that call.
5, 6, 7, I, you know something somebody did a little with this phone today.
There is no question about it. I've had more goddamn people get cut off like in the middle of a sentence and vanish and disappear.
Listen, you know, we don't want George Corso to bust his ass getting on top of this phone situation.
You know, we've survived this long here at the home of massive indifference.
You have no idea how I'm biting my tongue not to repeat what I was told this morning that I promised I wouldn't repeat, but I won't.
5, 6, 7, 05, you know what I'm talking about? Yes, I think you do.
And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Just like just like having our guy go on here on TV and lie about how much money that embarrassing OJ ridden golf tournament race for center one.
And it was only a couple of grand and he's on there. Oh, we raised 25,000. Yeah, right.
Your rectum to God's ear. So full of crap.
Said joke and they're all in there this morning. They're high five and with him and he's like, you know, hey, yeah.
You know, but the simple things.
Like I said, this radio station is basically 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. The rest of it. I wouldn't give you a dime for.
Hate to say that, but that's the way I feel about it today.
Here's a mobile in high a. Hello. Yes, sir. Any how I. Okay. First of all, I just want to send my condos out to the parents of the three kids that are highly.
It's a shame that. And now what they're trying to do is stop kids from leaving much just because three kids went out where it's ridiculous. It's impossible.
It's impossible. I mean, certain. I mean, we have to have certain rights. I must do it myself. And I'm not in school right now.
This little fact that I left the lunch and I haven't gone back. But it's impossible. First of all, we need to go out.
We're stuck in school. School isn't that great to begin with. And then they're going to try to stop us from leaving. What's the reason behind that?
I'd like to know why these people who are busy collecting signatures on petitions about that. Why they're not.
The ones that are raising hell about the kids that aren't getting fed lunch every day. And why the kids have to leave the campus.
They go out and get fed.
I mean, every type of food that they bring. Even the pizza that they bring from the outside because they do. They order some pizza by the tons.
I mean, they bring like 30 boxes for lunch. Industrial stride. Industrial pizza. I don't know where it comes from.
By the time we get it, it's cold. I mean, it's disgusting. There shouldn't be a reason why we can't leave school.
Right. It isn't our right. I have to work the news. I mean, as tragic as it was, but kids get killed in accident after school.
It's likely it's the worst thing on the weekend, late at night.
It's night so they didn't say that. I mean, I myself had too much closest friends by in the car accident.
But they weren't in school times and it was just just happened that it was a six o'clock in the afternoon.
Right. It doesn't matter when it is. If it's going to happen, it's going to happen.
And I mean, it's just a shame that they're even trying to do that. And most likely they're going to feed because these people, like you said in this country or in this county, they don't know what they're doing.
They don't know what they're doing.
That's because they don't care to find out. Okay, pal. Good luck.
Thank you. Thanks. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. The town like I haven't I told you this for a hundred years.
The town that refuses to care. They don't give a crap about anything. We got them whipped up there for a couple of weeks at the end of July.
And they came out and they voted in massive droves against that penny sales tax. And then they went back into their coma.
Yeah. Don't start causing trouble. Okay. Don't start trying to be misdirectivist. Okay. Just play that funny stuff and let's sit around and go.
That's it.
Leave that to the important people in town like Michelle Gillen.
Hey, we raised over 25 grand for that center one. By the way, Hank, lie. Guess what?
Yeah. Another lie. Two grand out of all that aggravation. You know, I would have put up the extra two grand just to avoid all that the OJ crap.
Another lie. By the way, that was a nice dump you did yesterday on yourself. Didn't work. That was great. I almost peed in my pants. I almost threw off the road.
And I think you may have had a point there too, by the way.
Yeah, there's the only other guy in this goddamn radio station that stands up for anything is the Humper sitting in there.
He's the only other one that cares about any of these things. The other guys are like.
Yes. This is Oblivious. You know, let's just be Oblivious and just kind of wander our way through life and take a goddamn paycheck every couple of weeks.
Right, Joe? Yeah.
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon.
They curse my name. If I parted in heaven.
Would I stand the shame.
If I parted in heaven.
Would one she smell.
Send me straight to hell.
Or turn anybody's down.
Up in heaven.
Does it linger in heaven.
Would you be ashamed to hold my finger in heaven.
I know this pain.
When the fat lady says.
Cause I'll be the one who brings tears to heaven.
Cause I know I'll be one who brings tears to heaven.
One of two at 5.60 WQM by the way, Hank was in here reminding me that sales people are ISO.
And then someone you're right.
At any rate, so letting Martez brought in, which I'd already seen this, but very timely.
Thank you, Lenny. And you still can't speak. But nevertheless, he brings me in an article from the aherald that was in Sunday's paper.
Soundflow to schools failing PE.
And it says more brown elementary schools offer physical education more than once a week.
At some school children get to 30 minute class only twice a month.
And it says the deemphasis of PE comes as obesity among children is in the all time high.
The percentage. Maybe that's a good reason we shouldn't be feeding them once in school.
So let's just start them that there's a good idea. I just solved the problem.
Forget about lunch and dinner and breakfast.
The percentage of youngsters who are overweight is doubled in the past 30 years to about 25%.
Pre-adolescents today are more likely to be severely overweight than other children.
So we don't have daily physed like most people used to or at least two or three times a week.
Now some schools could get 30 minute class twice a month.
I say, I mean basically you people don't care about your kids anyway.
So in a free maybe most of more accidents.
I mean you know they're in school now they won't hear that. It's kind of embarrassing to admit it.
But they must have been accidents you know like you were in the middle of score scored.
You went all that good stuff you know.
But so why not just shift them off to like camp.
I don't mean like summer camp. I mean like maybe concentration camps.
Maybe that's a good idea.
Where they can have some bread and water and they'll get plenty of physical exercise.
They'll exercise doing hard labor and we'll stick them out there and they got them chain gang.
And they can rebuild the infrastructure you know.
Yeah.
We're gonna hold the catty lee.
We'll send it out of the sweatshops.
Oh sorry catty lee.
I have never ever in my life seen a place where the people were so disinterested.
All the you know the goody two shoes they say all of my things.
You know oh we have to take care of our children.
There are greatest resource and yaddy yaddy you know all the bull crap.
They don't give a crap at this company and we have squad.
And this guy that's giving me a song and an answer about how I want bigger government.
And that guy man I'm gonna tell you if you looked up asshole in the dictionary his picture is right next to it.
Here's one of the things that government is supposed to be doing and once upon they did do a good job of.
And that people are paying their taxes for and that is educating your kids.
Educating the country's people.
That's what goes on in civilized countries all over the world.
What a surprise.
And when you're giving me a song and an answer about how filthy and about how disgusting and drug-laden Amsterdam was.
I hate to break the news to you but for some strange reason with all the sex with all the drugs Netherlands is number one in the world when it comes to education scores.
How do you like that what a surprise huh?
And they couldn't have even the food and all that great but there must be something about the nutrition here because you know they still grow.
Tall and lean and whatever very few fat people run around it certainly no fat young people running around an Amsterdam none zero.
So how do you how that possible how are these things possible and again when you're cloistered when you're parochial when your brain washed and you've lived here all your life and you've never been anywhere and you believe all the propaganda and all a bull crap all a garbage.
This isn't the way life is supposed to be.
Your kids deserve better than you're allowing them to get and you know something I bust a goddamn gun here today all these four hours and still got a very mediocre response.
And like I told you before I don't have any kids in school I'm an old bag thank god I don't have kids.
One of one of the blessings of being an old bag is not having a word I'd be terrified I'd be up like all night long I'd be psychotic if I had kids.
George to his credits got only one and she's a genius she smarter than both of us put together.
They may be that's the benefit of having only one by the way I realized that punching a matter of a couple of years every nine months whatever I realize that's a goddamn hobby with a lot of people in this country with trailer park trash and certain minorities which I don't want to mention because they're very thin skin.
I don't want to say no more about their skin.
Cherry Winston tastes good like a jackass should.
Here's Miami hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I'm going to talk to you about the loss of anything in concert.
Yeah.
Are you going?
Am I going?
Yes.
No are you going?
Got to support it.
Yeah okay. Have a good time.
We'll put the pieces back together like Humpty Dumpty.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60.
See there's another asshole okay.
Everything's a big joke.
Yeah you're real funny pal.
And by the way I hate to break the news to you but there's sparksers.
You know that they're black humans did you know that?
Oh no I'm not going to go twice.
Oh okay.
Here's Holly with hello.
Hey Neil what's going on?
How you doing?
I started to change the subject but one thing that you are actually correct the 10 to 6 is the only time to listen to your show.
That is correct this station other than 10 to 6 it's an embarrassment.
I made the mistake of listening to the beginning of the Miami game on radio and I've always heard you talk about Mr. Sagaki.
But never really a joke.
Here's the gaki sucks okay.
Okay.
I never really experienced him.
His opening statement was he starts talking about you know Eastern Carolina that they have their team doesn't have home.
They've lost all their belongings families and just going you know which.
Absolutely true.
This horrendous thing that happened to him.
Right.
And then he goes and then of course Miami lost the Notre Dame so they're both going through adversity.
Oh what an outlaw.
What a sense of humor.
What a personality.
And I immediately thought of you and started laughing and I just turned.
Yeah.
And I said this guy's an idiot.
You know something the word dullard would be a compliment for Joe.
Well I believe you I always do believe you but I just wanted to share that with you.
He's so dull that Mexican jumping beans commit suicide while when his voice comes over these speakers.
That's right police.
Have a great day.
See ya.
Yeah 8 to 10 o'clock tonight we got Joe Sagaki.
Are we embarrassed about it?
Yeah.
You bet.
We're humidified about it.
And mortified.
And mortify.
How about those Orthodox Jews in the next to see huh?
Let's hear it.
Those have seen him.
Barbarians.
Nine minutes after one at five 60 WQM.
And here's great news for you guys with that bald spot.
There's another deal where the Lord keeps screwing up.
You know if the Lord would have done things right you have a nice head of hair.
You look good.
You know why do you have to get old and wrinkled up and stuff or God?
What's that all about?
Why can't we look you know get to a certain point like a beautiful rose.
Oh there he goes with that horrible analogy again about a flower how it blooms and it gets you know.
Oh gee we can't we're too emotionally crippled to listen to that again.
Okay I won't say it.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I love the sopranos.
Each week on HBO.
Barma TV, I'll be staying.
He said a fireful Jew.
Tony's month of loon.
Now he knows who wants betraying.
He goes to therapy.
He's a pro-sector.
He wants to be with that.
The mouth beat.
This is one thing I know.
I just love the soprano.
I love the nation-win.
All 16 am is cause Tony's a phantom piece.
The key.
The key.
They did free.
The key.
They did free.
They did free.
They did free.
They did free.
They did free.
They did free.
They did free.
They did free.
It's time for the ushin out!
The time for the ushin out!
The time for the ushin out!
The time for the ushin out!
The weineman.
The cat's little stop!
The cat gets mad at us.
Get the Americans.
Let us out of this dream!
The Fatty sleeve!
Nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody
Nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody
We are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we
are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are
here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here
we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we
are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are
here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here
we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we
are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are
here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here
we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we are here, we
were dying, I had a big roof. I had a big roof. I had a big roof, I had a big roof. I had a big roof. I had a big roof. I had this whole vre working with the Aup pump. This whole ****
O a l o a t b e d o o n the dr to the crease, and in this game I didn't do anything to do anything to music
This is no letter or it is a letter but it goes on forever.
It better be Dan Good.
The case for rap music whether you want to hear it or not.
Lauren Hill.
Oh, I know.
This is a good letter.
This is a horrendous letter.
This is to try to justify rap music and give us a song.
Lauren Hill couldn't sing a word about God damn.
I'm back to him.
Oh man.
Woo!
Thank God I like before I started reading that and it was long and ponderous too.
Woo!
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes I am.
What a great show.
Yeah.
I'm a 74 year old lady with Miami.
Yes.
Morning Kendall.
Uh huh.
Oh boy.
I hope you've been able to get to some of the parents today.
No, I don't think so.
They're oblivious.
You don't think so.
No, I don't.
I hope so because the schools would not like this when I went to school here.
Yeah.
And the schools would not like this.
No, they never were like this.
Only the last several years that they've degenerated at this point because this generation
of parents they're busy like we said making money and watching Oprah and Jerry Springer.
I guess you're right, Neil.
These people should have all been fixed.
You've been here a long time, right?
23 years.
23.
I got a lot of my friend.
I was a maternity and entertainment director of the Doveville for 20 years.
And we had the Beatles there on the Ed Sullivan show.
And I got called yesterday that supposedly it was on Channel 4.
Have you heard anything about it that the Beatles are being named the number one entertainment
of the 20th century?
No.
For their appearance on the Ed Sullivan show at the Doveville?
No, I didn't know that.
I did not know it either.
I just wondered if you knew anything about it.
I thought for sure would have been the Backstreet Boys.
Yeah.
Oh, did you do what comforting?
I had to pull out.
No, I don't watch him.
You don't like him?
I don't hurt him.
Oh, you don't like him.
Have a great day, pal.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'll see you at the Doveville.
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, he's a good old guy.
He means well, he's just boring.
Okay.
5670560.560 on the AT&T world of the slime.
What do you want?
Okay.
They can't all be exciting and exciting.
Look at that old fart.
Howard Roll.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It's got his blow up, Del, already.
How can't do anything with it?
Yeah, hide.
Just pathetic.
Man, oh, geez.
If we could just lower the demographic down here, I guarantee you.
If we didn't have to buy Metamusel and false teeth for all these guy-dame-old fart's down
here, then we could have someone.
We could have PE.
We could have sex, ed.
We could have all kinds of stuff going on in the schools.
We could actually have showers.
I wonder if that teacher in Hollywood took showers with that kid, you know?
Think they showered together?
Maybe that's what you're supposed to do is go home with your teacher or just have the teacher
move in with the family and then you can shower together at the house.
5.670560, 5.560 on the AT.
See, I'm even after all these years.
I'm finally beginning to realize what how primitive this state is.
I mean, there's places in the dark ages and you wonder why people are terrified to send their kids to public school here?
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Mew.
Yes, sir.
Here's a Dutchman from Amsterdam.
Oh, great.
Look out of the way.
I was good.
No, he was good.
I was listening to your story about the schools and everything.
What I don't understand is why everybody's so excited about old-ish college football and all this.
I'm listening to you guys in the morning.
And the only thing you worry about, oh, can he kill you?
Can he make it past?
I should worry about his great instead of playing in front of...
Yeah, that goes back to what I was talking about the other day about, or we are two freshmen and about a red shirt.
You know, a 50-year senior, all of a sudden, the bullcrap, which is basically what they're admitting is this is a moron who's been kept in school for five, six, ten years because he can play a ball game.
And so he's taken up a spot that a bright kid that wants to really get an education ought to be in there getting.
It's good to happen.
The only thing that's going to happen is going to end up like a Demetra underwear.
Yeah, with a knife in his thing, yeah.
Knife in his thing.
Anyway, this gentleman just calls my back to a neighbor.
Mr. Aaron, very nice man.
Okay.
Walks you talk every day around the block.
But that's what they said about Myrland'ski, too.
Yeah. Okay.
Do you want to answer that again?
Soon.
Soon?
I'll see you on the Damrock.
Okay.
I'll still have Easter, baby.
Okay. Donkavell.
I'll still have Easter.
Okay. I'll still have Easter.
Five, six, seventeen.
Now it's cold.
Where can I learn to speak Dutch, I wonder?
Oh, that's a tough language.
You know, I was starting to get a little Italian on other part of the one Tukito Detalliano.
But Dutch, man, you can't read it.
And it's good.
Like, oh, you got to eat a lot of cheese, which I love cheese.
You know, even on the adkins, you can eat a lot of cheese.
But you've got to be able to do a lot of that.
Kill good.
Five, six, seven.
Oh, five.
I'll tell you one thing.
They probably have very clear nasal passages over there because you get it out all the time.
What did they get it out?
Which is why I keep going back.
Ooh, frosty nads.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, right.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, okay.
What's with you about the five, six, seven.
I have the wrong letter from the guy who's done a wrong page.
I guess because somebody faxed me another letter about this, which is the letter I'm sure he was talking about, not that idiotic long piece of crap.
White Christmas in South Florida, question mark is the headline.
Regarding Tristan Corkham's article about trick daddy, I wish to offer some ideas on the subject of rap music, music in quotes.
Having been involved in music is a single performer and a folk trio and a ten piece band.
I can say without fear that there's a big difference between art and artifice.
Without Japanese drum machines to produce the beaten sampling machines to steal other people's work, there'd be no rap medium.
I can't bring myself to call it music.
Music has melody and harmony and something worth remembering.
That's why we have standards, tunes that are worth hearing again and again.
That's why white Christmas is the most recorded song of all time.
30 or 40 years from now, who want to reminisce about some street punk crack dealer with his big s**t long and collective mindless something?
All hose, mindless hose. Hard to read, it's a bad copy.
Without poverty, poor housing, welfare mothers, illegitimate children, robin, drive buys and cracks mokin, there wouldn't be too much to rap about.
Who would buy a record about a nice black kid with two parents who got good grades in school, stayed out of trouble and away from drugs, went to college, repaid his student loan, went into business, had his kids after he was married, stayed around to raise them and didn't back door his wife.
Just what's so glorious about the ghetto?
These proud young men, so eager for respect, have given up on the main ingredients of African music, drumming, learning to play the drums, the master them would take months, perhaps years.
Who's got time for that? Where will the next art plaky or art tailor or duffy Jackson come from, not the ranks of rap?
All these rappers who think they can really throw down to get a couple of John Hendrix records and check him out.
Not only could they articulate back to the new average rapper, he sang about things that made sense outside the ghetto and did it in a swinging musical style that's been widely received by a broad audience.
Without being crude or vulgar, he was a musician.
Rap will never produce another Winton Marcellus or Joshua Redmond or Christian McBride will never again see the likes of Duke Ellington, Count Basie, Ella Fitzgerald, John Coltrane, Miles Davis, Johnny Harman or Coleman Hawkins, as long as black young people are attracted to the low life musical expression known as rap.
All right!
Rap! That's right, they love to see you off rap. That's what they meant. They just spelt it wrong.
God bless you, whoever faxed that, that's the letter that I was talking about. Thank you, sir.
I knew in my heart it couldn't be that other suck up piece of crap. Did I say crap? Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Nia? Pretty good, sir. I just want to thank you for reading my letter on the air. Is that your letter? That was my letter about the license down there.
Oh, about the licensing, yeah.
How the licensing problem I'm having down there in the county? You didn't smear the right guys man, didn't grease the right palms.
Well, you know Wayne wasn't bent over, why could I say?
You're going to stuck it right in his wallet.
Exactly, and then back to the wallet. Direct the deposit.
And a foot or two, also, yeah.
But you want to know what the biggest thing was, they would have given me a permit if I were to win over and rent a property from Wayne.
Is that it? They told me that.
Oh my God.
I can give you a permit to go over the stadium, but to use this other person's property that's right across the street, the stadium. No, that's not right.
Pretty soon you're going to have to pay went to rain just to keep your balls.
Hey, I figure he's standing outside the little port of potty they're collecting too. Probably.
Probably, but anyway, thank you, sir. I appreciate it.
So where do you stand now? You're still in limbo?
Where do I stand? I'm still bent over waiting for St. Downey to respond.
Okay, good luck pal. Thank you.
You'll need it. He's still in the squatting position.
5667 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Thank God for good honest politicians like we got in date.
By the way, speaking of honest politicians, I didn't read where the hell is it?
Ah, Christ, I got all this crap now. I got this.
Just a pile. I got piles in Josie land beach column today.
The last thing about Bert Hernandez's divorce only took 10 minutes. I want you to get the drift of it.
You know, Bert Hernandez is here it is. Nobody ain't long gone.
He had a wife, you know?
I was still screwing around with the his ex lawyer, right?
And that's why they got divorce and only took about 10 minutes. They said, hey, back this way, Bert.
Don't trip on that chain between your legs.
Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
Little fuck up action. Thanks for giving us the form to scream about the education system.
Go ahead and nobody said to worked up about it except me, I guess.
Isn't that amazing. I mean, you know, I got two kids at one elementary school, one middle school.
And it's a scary thing. I'll tell you what, the parents need to wake up a little bit.
Because we spend probably an hour and a half with each kid every night going over home, working over everything.
Right.
That they've covered during the day because we know nobody's doing it at the school.
I have about 100 horror stories, but I want to talk about two.
And I mean, you know, horror stories.
One is the fact that my kid in middle school can't eat lunch at middle school if she wanted to.
I was trying to get him at it, but because there's too many kids in the line.
Because by the time she gets out of her class, it takes her 25 minutes to get through the lunch line,
and she's at five to ten minutes to eat.
The second thing is the kids out at Western High can't go to the bathroom between classes because the line is too long for them to make it.
So what do they do just making their pants?
They hold it. They hold it until they can rush out and make it to the bathroom.
It's just a terrible, terrible situation.
This is true. We got kids who can't take a shower who walk around smelling bad all day, who also can't take anything natural like that holding it all day.
And also can't eat maybe.
Sounds like a way for a great learning experience.
It's, you know, we spent a lot of time screaming and yelling and talking and sending factors and calling people,
but sometimes you feel like you're learning out there because the politicians and the school board.
I mean, they know the problem's there, but it really used up to money and priorities.
What are the priorities?
And you guys talked about it throughout on the how long.
You know, is the stadium a priority, is there future education or is the future of the country a priority?
right let's do let's decide right
uh... you know let's give up on the stadium let's go let's go to the
school
pack them a condom so many family that's what i say
well it's uh...
and then all all all of our sites where they're talking about building a new
stadium
how about building a new school on each one of those sites how does that sound
you know the billions of dollars that they're talking about the millions of
millions of dollars they can talk about
it's just amazing uh...
and i'll tell you what my kid in middle school
she gets six weeks of his head
uh... one hour i guess today but then the other three periods
they have during the school
the third of the three quarters
other specials they call it or other lab they call it
so they only get six weeks of physical education
the other time they don't have any physical education at all
so they're short period of time
to do it
that's just
it's just one of the situations where we need a tax-based
that maybe we just have everything we've ordered and they'll go to be
some more than the schools for the kids
you know okay like i said all the old parts and all those people are always
screaming about how much better was someplace else if uh... you know we
woke up on monday morning and they were all gone i bet you we have a lot of
room for schools
yeah i also agree with you on one other point you made earlier
uh... you know we can't watch that one certain t-shirt because we gack every
single time we see gack
gack
yeah i know
we can't even watch the show
okay
i want to make sure he's on a game to land the station to him very thank you
okay
eight to ten o'clock tonight
good time for nap by the way you know pre-agreement
first
back to the
uh...
uh...
uh...
you're just
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
