Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
A WAP!
R наверway bad możli형!
I didn't know what was wrong.
This is the war.
This is the war.
This is the war of the war.
God of Jesus, that is the sure.
I am the Lord.
I don't know.
I am the Lord.
Oh my God.
I can't go.
I am the Lord.
I am the Lord.
I am the Lord.
And when things we know will show.
I am the Lord.
I am the Lord.
I am the Lord.
I am the Lord.
I am the Lord.
I am the Lord.
Yes.
I am the Lord.
I am the Lord.
You are the Lord.
Oh God.
I am the Lord.
That is 36560 WQM Happy Friday.
This week is really flown by.
It seems like we only came in here.
About two or three hundred days ago?
God damn.
It is the first week of the new year.
We had all those three day weekends.
That is bad.
All those extra holidays and three day weekends.
Get used to it in a real hurry.
I woke up Tuesday morning.
I thought to myself, Jesus Christ.
I have to go into work again today.
And of course I only worked Monday.
After two or three day weekends in a row.
I thought Tuesday, Jesus Christ.
Another work day.
We will get through it.
You think you have problems with the new Macarena?
A guy by the name of Christian Fisher.
Had some problems.
He won't have any more problems because he is dead.
That is right.
Did you see this story?
Arena faces lawsuit over death of Cook?
I mean, in fact, I think this weekend this story has inspired me.
I am going to sue the Macarena.
I am going to sue.
They are suing who they are suing.
Broward County City of Sunrise.
And the professional is responsible for designing and wiring the arena kitchen.
Well, I am going to sue the professionals responsible for designing and wiring the gold whites.
At both ends of the arena.
The clocks around the arena.
And of course the score clock and the penalty clocks at the top hanging over the center of the arena.
And also the escalator people.
Let's sue them too.
But seriously, this is a horrendous story.
The family of a lottery.
By the way, yesterday at the end of the show, we really didn't do justice to the guy that called right there at the end of the kind of ran out of time.
We had to go into those 45 press conferences that came up at two o'clock.
What the hell was that all about?
I get in my car and drive at home.
I am expecting your hang on the air.
And I keep hearing one of the press conference.
John L. Wade.
Here is John L. Wade's brother-in-law.
And here is somebody who was on a bus with John L. Wade.
He was having a press conference and on and on.
And the hammer is doing the stuff we have to be on right now.
And he will be on when he is good and ready.
And you just sit around and wait.
That was something.
In fact, I think there is a word for it.
And it is not something.
But I can't say it on the air.
But at any rate, the guy that called right at the end of the show yesterday about Robin Williams.
I mean, this guy, this car, he is an asshole.
Getting assurally, I mean really indignant and bad out of shape.
Because I don't like Robin Williams.
And I did like Robin Williams.
It is like the same with IMS.
When IMS was on radio, it was way longer ago, like on WNBC.
He was hysterically.
He was a funny guy.
And then all of a sudden, he died one day.
And nobody told him.
And they prop him up in that chair in his motorcycle jacket every day.
And he is on air.
And he is much richer and much more famous than ever before.
Because he is on MSNBC.
But he is terminal.
I mean, he, I am embarrassed for him.
And I used to think Robin Williams was one of the funniest people I have ever heard.
He used to do that stand up comic routine.
And he was very funny and outrageous and whatever else.
And then all of a sudden, he started doing his horrendous series.
I mean a long series of really bad movies.
I mean really bad movies.
And in every one of those movies, he played no matter what character he played, it was the same character.
See, that is not being an actor.
I hate to break the news to you.
If you are going to be an actor or actress, you can't always be the same.
And that is the problem with some people.
It is kind of like Tom Cruise.
No matter what movie Tom Cruise is in, whether you like him or not, he is always the same.
He is not the, whatever the name of the character is, he is Tom Cruise being what Tom Cruise is, whatever that is.
Which we suspect, but nevertheless.
So to me, anybody thinks Tom Cruise is an actor, all the way I will say, Tom Cruise is better than Robin Williams.
Different genre.
But I mean Robin Williams is just unwatchable.
And this new movie with the doctor with the red nose and the clown nose.
And he is doing that same thing.
I mean, Jesus Christ, if you are going to be an actor, you have to be able to do different things.
Like Marlon Brando, there is a great actor.
On the waterfront, the Godfather.
I mean, he is a great car name, the Mutiny on the Counter.
Isn't that what they filmed at Wayne Arnold's Mutiny on the Counter?
And I mean, there is an actor.
It can play like a whole bunch of whatever he is in.
He plays a different, Robert Duval.
There is an actor.
My God.
But Robin Williams is a stand up comic trying to be an actor.
And that is why every time he does another bad movie, they say, God, they just never get him good material.
You know, two bad, they can't do it.
No, he is just not an actor.
He is a stand up comic.
Better than you write.
So, pal, I am sure you are still listening right now.
Blow it out your ass.
Okay?
And maybe before the day is out, I will do some of my own funny voices.
Since that is what the guy claimed that I do voice.
I do not do any of Roger's voice very well, by the way.
In fact, I think nobody does it better.
Anyway, the family of a lot of Hill Coku tripped over an electrical outlet in the kitchen
of the brand new summarize hockey arena and died two months later is suing over the accident.
You think you got problems, how would they act in the center?
The National Car Rental Center was still so new that the first load of Panthers regular home game was two weeks away.
The day before on September 28th, the Panthers played the Boston Bruins in a preseason match at the $184.7 million amphitheater.
Amphitheater?
Not an amphitheater.
What, what does it say that?
Who wrote this?
No, I hate to break the news to you, No, I hate to break the news to you, but even I discovered when I made that awful trip up there to a Palm Beach thanks to what a grave or what an amphitheater really is.
Or at least what they consider to be up there in Palm Beach out in the amphitheater is an open thing where you can get rained on and get pneumonia.
The National Car Rental Center is not an amphitheater.
Okay?
No, I hate to break the news to you, but even I discovered when I made that awful trip up there to a Palm Beach thanks to Woody Graber, what an amphitheater really is.
The article at Randamatti, either one of our local newspapers, start reading it and all of a sudden run it like a whole series of mistakes without even trying.
The lawsuit filed December 29th in Broward Circuit Court suggests more of that money should have gone to make sure the kitchen was safe for workers.
According to the suit, Christian Fisher's 65 was working in the Boston Concession Group's Kitchen at Burina when he fell over a metal electrical outlet casing protruding from the floor.
Fisher suffered bruises on his shoulder and backside, but his left knee gave him the most trouble.
It swelled badly, sending him to the doctors for treatment that continued on and off over the next two months.
Fisher contacted an attorney, Mitchell Fox of Hallendale, an infection said it and Fisher's lungs filled with fluid.
The next thing I know I get a call that the infection spread to his kidneys and he died.
Fox said Tuesday.
He died.
Yes.
Well, George had a stoking this post. He couldn't say he died. He died.
Fox filed a wrongful death on behalf of this client's dependence as Wood Osteon, etc.
The Fox seeks unspecified damages that the suit seeks unspecified damages that Fox indicated it would be substantial.
Fisher enjoyed good health before the accident in his hospital bills exceeded 50 grand in addition to that.
I hope they get millions from Broward County and from the city of sunrise and the professionals, the so-called professionals, because it's very obvious to the rest of us who are in the hospital.
So frequent that joint that schlock is the opposite of what they are so many of the things and putting that place together.
Even though the people will come there to schmooze and lose, they don't seem to mind what I do because I'm a miserable nasty rotten son of a bitch who's a perfectionist, especially somebody tries to do something right.
I realize that's unreasonable down here, but nevertheless that's my philosophy.
At least try to do it right. Then screw it up.
Hello!
Hi, it's Pee Weermann. Take it from me. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I
I'm an artist. I'm an artist! I'm an artist. I'm an artist. I'm an artist. I'm an artist. I'm an artist. I'm an artist. I'm an artist. I'm an artist. I'm an artist. Like I really use my 일이 on my back
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
1015-560-W-Q-A-M.
Very Jackson, by the way, you know what they say about him.
He's an asshole and continues to be.
Yeah, Barry, you're just such a piece of dirt.
It just, I'm embarrassed for you.
This morning again, in his column about, well, Jack Ramsey is going to get back on here, the NBA is on.
And then he writes a thing about gag order at W-Q-A-M.
I'm gagging just reading your columns here, Barry.
Every time I see that picture, that chubby face, putt-wacking a push of yours, I start gagging.
But reading the article always never fails.
W-Q-A-M's on air employees have been told not to discuss the stations lost to against the Marlins, even if Collars inquire about it.
W-Q-A-M angry about the dismantling of the 1997 championship team is seeking a right-speed reduction.
And it goes on to say that, um, does all of us put W-Q-A-M's talk show host in the awkward position?
Not really, Jeff DeFloris said, as far as on-air conversation it hasn't had any effect, I don't feel compromised.
And on and on it goes, a great length.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, Barry, Jack asks.
But when there's pending litigation going on, and there are those of us who work for the radio station that's involved on one end of it so far,
you're not able to discuss it in public.
It's not just with this radio station. It's not a question of a gag order.
It's a question of, you can't discuss it in public period.
That's all.
Because if you start opening up a mouth, anything you say, like they say, on DragNet, can be held against you, and can be dragged into lawsuit.
So we don't discuss it. Just common sense, which you don't have, Barry.
But see, he's always trying to create. Create, make, you know, work something up into a big controversy, even though there's nothing there.
I mean, last year, everybody on this station had their say about, you know, the Marlins and woodwind had done to them and what they had become.
And about the, you know, other situation involved here. Everything that was involved. All been said.
So there you go, Barry, Jack asks.
It's not a question of a gag order. It's a question of common sense. And like I said, which you don't have.
You're a real piece of turd. And believe me, you landed right on the right spot. You know, it's like a turd falling from the sky, landing in the appropriate place.
Like what on Barry's a rectum would be a good spot.
Although he'd probably think it was his own.
You landed right there in a hero that you fit in just like a rubber glove, little, little people.
And that kind of leads me into what I really want to talk about today.
Last night, I was watching, of course, there were a whole bunch of hockey games on there. If you got the package on a small dish, I was watching the Penguin game against the Carolina Huracun's at the Civic Arena in Pittsburgh.
And before the game, because Ron Francis, you know, was there with Carolina, with the Huracun's where he now plays and played several stellar years for the Pittsburgh Penguins after he played for Hartford for the Whalers.
And is a fan favorite in Pittsburgh.
Okay. Now, why don't you listen very carefully just like when Mark Messier returned with the Vancouver Conox to Madison Square Garden in New York the first time to play the Rangers where he had played for years and years.
And the game was standing ovation in New York, Mark Messier.
And Ron Francis, not only did they give him a standing ovation, they had a special ceremony before the game last night for Ron Francis.
And your armor, Yager and Tom Barrasso came out there, et cetera, right?
And they shook hands and they had some kind of reward they gave him.
And the public and rest of the announcer came on there and made a big deal out of it.
And they gave him a long standing ovation and a big cheer and yada yada.
And it was great. And the penguins kicked the Rasport too. But at any rate, nice goal there, Marty Strocka. Oh, sorry.
Number 19.
And then I, you know, I'm watching that and I'm thinking to myself again about that night, not too long ago, a couple of months ago in the Macarena.
When John Van Beesbrook came back here, see that this is all you need to know.
And I get myself all flustered and all worried and all psychotic and all crazy over something that I already know the answer to.
What's the point? I know some things are hard to accept. And I'm one of those people.
It's very difficult for me to accept certain things like stupidity.
But this town is just what it is. That's right. And I'm not going anywhere.
There's these two walls. You don't like it. Why don't you go? I'm going to be here just a little bit less than four years.
I would say, let's see, eight days less than four more years. Not that I'm counting or anything.
Not that I'm looking at the counter and seeing it's January the 8th.
Because I have a contract because I make a lot of money here because I've invested 23 years here. I'm here. Okay. For the duration.
But I'm going to tell you something. You know, I think back to that night when Philadelphia, by the way, Van Beesbrook, and now that Rimmers out of town, you're going to have to worry about him doing his propaganda routine because he hates the guy personally.
The fact is, last night he shot out whoever the hell they played. The islanders fired nothing.
His third shot out of the year. And Philadelphia's got like a 12 game on Beaton Street. Now they're flyers in large part. Thanks to the BZ was playing great again.
But regardless of how he's playing now, the fact is he was the fan favorite, not a fan favorite. In fact, he was one of the few names that they knew during the infancy of the Florida Panther franchise, including that glorious year, three years ago, when he went to the Stanley Cup finals in large part. Thanks to his unbelievable play in goal.
Comes back in town. They go through the pregame warmups. They announced the starting lineups and in goal for Philadelphia number 34, John Van Beesbrook. And now, you know, and I'm expecting a standing ovation. I'm expecting something really warm and touching. And, you know, warm and touching. Yeah, that's what you get here. That's that kind of warm. And you know where it's touching.
Right. A wet spot, a wet warm spot touching your right behind. And instead of that, you get, you know, certain amount of hand about 60% of the crowd. You saw. We hate to like points. They'd be there. Drop dead. Whatever the hell they were screaming.
And at the time that it happened, I was just, I couldn't believe it. And night after night, I go into that place to watch these games. And I'm, I mean, just total disbelief at the reaction of the majority of the people who are in there. The lack of comprehension or understanding of the game itself.
The people that they become obsessed with like Peter, who couldn't play a game with the elder gondow his head. And like a couple of years ago, when I was, you know, three years ago, when I was trying to tell how Mark what a tremendous player Marty Strachow was, just like Stu Barnes before that. And Jason Wooling. And I, you know, what you're talking about, Doug McClain is a genius. Yeah, exactly. See him lately around here. No.
I mean, it's not really a town where they don't understand that they don't know the events that they're watching, but it's a town where they don't have any appreciation for anybody.
Guy performs miraculously was involved in all he had his own charitable foundation here for kids. He's very gracious. I met the guy at the top of the park the first year. He was not spent a lot of time with me. Always a good guy when I met him. And it's part of the fact that certain people hated them like poison. That's their prerogative.
A fan favorite, bezer, bezer. That was the one chant you heard regularly for five solid years in the old arena down there in Miami comes back to town. And they practically boo was asked off the ice. And then we had that one goal who the one guy of pythomized it who called a few days before that.
I didn't like the way he left here as if he left here with a bug up his ass as if he was the one that said, well, go to hell. And of course it was the other way around.
How is it possible for so many losers to be crammed into one area? I mean, is that what this is all about this place? This is loserville. Instead of changing the name of the county and changing the name of this, they should have just called this loserville, USA.
Which I guess if you know, if lumps me in that category, I guess I'll confess to it. Okay. I must be a loser because I'm here surrounded by a loserville mentality.
It's pathetic. You look at the way in any, it ends like all the traveling that I do when I talk about going out of town and getting on an elevator in a hotel and hear strangers. Hey, good morning. How are you? You know, just just friendly, nice people as opposed to this incestant air of hostility and paranoia and suspicion and nonstop.
Gunfire and whatever else goes on here and I go on a year and I talk about these things and I'm a bad guy. See, because I tell the truth. That makes me a son of a bitch because I have the audacity to point these things out and not just sit back and to go along with a guy, then game plan.
I'm sorry. I'm just this isn't the way life is. I keep telling you that this isn't part of the real world.
This hostile banana boat mentality that exists here, this isn't the way the real world operates Virginia.
And maybe there isn't really a Santa Claus out there, but there are some nice people and we have some nice people here.
But we have an awful lot of dummies out there. We got a lot of people who just they don't know which side is up. They don't have any idea what they're talking about.
That's why when they listen to these callers on this station on the sports shows 20 hours a day, you hear nonstop stupidity. People that haven't got any idea what they're talking about.
Whether it's politics, whether it's sports, you name the topic, you pick it out.
This just is a bizarre, you know that bumper sticker they came up with a years ago.
Miami, the rules are different here. Boy, you can sure say that again.
The rules are different here from any place in the supposedly civilized world. It's just bizarre.
And I come on the year and I ask people, explain this to me. Do they do it? No.
The take on the challenge. Can they explain to me the difference? Can they explain to me like that episode about John van Beesbrook?
How all of a sudden the guy that they were sucking his ass for five years and he comes back and there's like thousands of people bullying him. Can they explain that? No.
Why? Why not? In other words, if you have an opinion, like the thing with Robin Williams, I explain why I don't like him.
Okay. Because he has the same stick over and over again. Sure. If you don't like, uh, well, whatever it is, whatever the thing is with the way these people behave.
It's like when I asked that one day about Peter were well. Why the obsession? Why this fanatical obsession? Those fans had with Peter were well.
And I know that the majority of the 19,000 people were with the night before the arena were there with me.
Did one I am I went for four solid hours begging one of them to call and tell me what the attraction was there? Did I get one response? No.
Because they can't tell me what it is. They themselves don't know what it is. Except here's a big gun that beats up on everybody.
And therefore they think that makes a player and they don't know too many other guys anyway.
God, I'm embarrassed for this place. I really am. I'm humiliated and embarrassed and degraded because this town deserves it.
Even the palm trees deserve better. The foliage in it. No, seriously, the foliage deserves better.
The landscape, the natural environment deserves better than what this place has been infested with over the years.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Let's see if we get some response today. Thanks a lot. No. No.
Where do you find boogs, shamby? White squaring you. Got it. Sports radio. 5, 60, Q, A, M.
With the holidays approaching and your entire family coming over to visit, you need to be ready.
Oh man, Uncle George, was that you? That wasn't me, that was your sister. That's a George, I was not.
I actually think it was your grandmother, kids. When grandma lets one go, everyone knows it's not the light to make a big scene over it.
But how are you to know? Sorry grandma. Well with the all new old fart, you can.
Just mouth the old fart apparatus in the family room. And when grandma rips one, the old fart will blink ever so slightly just enough so that grandma can't see it. But everyone else knows.
Oh my. How much more pie says? That idea. Save grandma the embarrassment and pick up the old fart today.
Is that a mother hummer pie from Denny's by any chance? 1031 at 560 WK. By the way, speaking of old fart, I wasn't going to mention this on here because Adam from our sales department said,
that's a really great guy, but I go down the hall this morning about, oh I don't know 930 to take a leak and there's Adam coming out of the men's turlits down there down the end of the hall.
And ordinarily Adam is pretty friendly, he's a good guy. I like him, he likes me, I think. Well he doesn't anymore now. But in anybody, he can kind of like nervously out of the men's room.
And when I open up the door, I realize why, okay. She, our sales department's under a lot of stress. They have this reorganization going on for the 400th time. Obviously they're under a lot of stress.
You know what happens when you have a lot of stress, it produces extra amounts of wow. So he left behind in there. I mean, wow.
So we have an open line and they wanted, we have 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. We have somebody faxed this, the review of the movie patch atoms, starring Robin Williams.
The review by Roger Ebert, no less. And he rips it a major, major, right. It's what he does. He says at the end of it, he says, I have nothing against sentiment, but it must be earned patch atoms is quackery.
He rips this thing and asks. In fact, he says, this is a role Robin Williams was born to play. In fact, he was born playing it, which bears out exactly what I've said. He's always on.
He's always doing that same silly stick. He's always he never stops doing that same thing with a funny. It just he gets on my nerves. If you like him, great. He needs your help. Believe me. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes.
How are you doing? Yeah. Okay. Cook's fireport to see 48 hours off. I. Yes. I saw the Hannibal. Yes. You saw it. Yeah. Okay. I don't know if you mentioned it, but I thought I didn't mention it, but I saw it. I saw him say it puts the lotion in the basket. Yeah. Definitely. And then he said.
I hate his number, but some father means a nice community. Yeah, I saw it. It was great. No thing. There was. You probably noticed those killings in the late 70s were done. FMFU. How was it? Yeah.
I was in the world that I didn't see the whole thing. I said about the last 40 minutes. Yeah, all four killings were girls from Michigan. See how do you like that? That's what he went to school. I think I criminal just probably from the hall. No doubt. Exactly. Okay.
I think I hate Rob Williams. Patch Adams is more. Okay. Thanks. How's Mindy doing, by the way? We have two open lines and date one and powered 5 670 560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line. Yeah, that guy yesterday. I mean, if you like Robert Williams, fine, but you don't have to say your mama. Okay. Jesus God just hostile and psychotic and all bent out of shape there. And again, that's that's the way this town is. They're pissed off about everything. God damn Lee falls from the tree and they hit so many ass. Oh, Jesus, life sucks. Everything is is bad.
Here's a mobile in coconut crea. Hello. And now you finally got me to talk about what a crap town is. Yeah, works down. It is the same kind of boot down marina with a wrestling mattress with his family. The same, you know, I've been to like Seattle and Denver towns where you know you're on a sports panel with billboards everywhere of L.A. And I'm a lot of some couple of weeks ago. Here's another marinas and other classic example. The guy is given what is it? 15 years now. Fantastic. Play it as town. What are the greatest in the game? Sure hall of fame. Where are you? I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going
to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, crazy, I'm going to say this. This is basically when the pie must be wrong or that it gets weird like you're doing and it doesn't. If you want to go to Deputy
that in itself is a major miracle after all these years.
And I'm sure that nobody else out there has a small vision watch that the ceremony before the penguin game last night with Ron Francis or has any idea who he is.
But the fact is there's an example of fans who have got class, okay?
Of people who understand the game will appreciate a great performance who want to show the way they feel about somebody as opposed to the kind of crap that we see here.
And I don't know what the difference is, but I see a tremendous, a startling difference between the ambiance and the attitudes and the old Miami arena from those first five years as to this social club that we got now in the new National Car Rectal Center here in sunrise.
A tremendous difference. I mean a lot of the people are the same. There must be a lot of people who are not the same though, because their attitude and their understanding of the game and their attitude toward the players and so on, just totally different than what it was in the old joint.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Bokeh. Yes, sir.
I was calling. I called in the other day at the end of the show. Talk about why everyone is cheering about where else. So I figured I'd call them. They have plenty of time to talk this time.
And what it is is everyone wants something to cheer about. They're upset that these are left because they used to cheer for them.
Oh, what do you mean they're upset when that these are left and how come they can't back to have to crowd boot him?
I'm not upset with the mind still level. I still go to see him play. I like to see him play. And I'm not sure how to say that.
I don't know. Are we speaking? We're upset that he left.
That's exactly why they're willing to.
He left because they didn't offer a real. I wasn't willing. I wasn't willing. I'm just telling you why they were.
And people want something to cheer about.
Sure, that doesn't make any sense. It's got more fight than we do. We don't make any sense.
We get more fights than we score goals.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Mommy. Mommy.
Oh, God. God, please tell me. Please tell me this is like a bad dream.
Like it once upon a time in America was obviously a very long dream.
And he woke up at the end of the week. Just like a bad bad dream.
Wasn't it?
Okay, we got 700 open lines here this morning. Here we go again.
Waiting to hear the natives would have an opening on this either.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
This last guy. Yeah, we have plenty of time for that call. Don't we?
No.
Oh, what was he saying? Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Okay. I traveled around a lot too because I go to colleges and whatnot.
And I see the difference between people and one way.
I say, oh, hello to you and stuff like that.
But you got to remember that I mean Miami, the company,
look how many different kinds of people live here. I mean, you have so many.
Sure. You know something. That's the biggest cop out no matter where I go.
I've got to say this. Just a minute. You go to Toronto.
They've got Zillions of Chinese people. They got Zillions of Pakistan people.
They got every kind of Americans and Canadians.
And it doesn't make any difference to very friendly. They're very polite.
They're not shooting each other.
But down here, there's also a lot of conflict and also violence.
The conflict, you know, like everybody's against their people.
Based on what? Based on your race, based on where you live, based on your money.
Why? Hello? Why?
Why? I don't know why. That's just...
Okay, thank you.
We have an open line. It's powered all of 400 and 8. 5, 6, 7.
You know something I just I give up. Yesterday I came close to giving up.
I'm just going to play Donald Buck music for the next to three hours and 21 minutes.
I keep bringing up things that are absolutely legitimate, that are real, that I know that I'm not making up that I'm not paranoid about.
I have light life experiences. And I come on here and I raise legitimate questions.
And I sit down expecting to have a conversation with thinking and living and breathing people.
That was my first mistake. And does it happen? No.
No. I just had two calls back to back. If you put together the best of both of those calls, you still have nothing.
Nothing.
See, this is another... And this guy, he hasn't been anywhere because this is a myth.
All with, you know, see, this is a multi-cultural community. Like that's unusual.
Like in New York, there aren't like millions of people of all different kinds of ethnic backgrounds.
Or in Chicago or LA or any big city, anywhere in the world.
Like that's something that's only indigenous to Miami. So therefore you can't expect it to be like a real place.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line, 21 to 11 at 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
This is just để.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back in baby Cameroon, come up here.
Where I'll be is baby I know inside of place where I belong
So come on be my baby
The opportunity to what I'm looking for the word is class
This town has no class. Since the class he got myself, I'll tell you
Seriously, there's no class. The people have no class. There's a way to behave. It's classless
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. I don't know. Okay, sir. As a former
Philadelphia about three and a half years ago on a huge hockey fan, I think the biggest difference
That you see down here is that you have an asshole for an owner that only cares about how much money he's making every second.
What does that have to do with the fans related to John Van Beesburg?
He doesn't, but he doesn't promote the family that when you're in Philadelphia
I know you're a great hockey fan and know a lot about a lot of different areas with edge Snyder as the owner of the flyers
If one thing that he always did was it was about family and when anybody wore that jersey
When they came back they were treated like royalty
And if he if Beesburg had played for the flyers all those years and then came back to Philadelphia
There would have been a special night a special recognition a special something instead of just an engulf for the flyers
If you work if you work if you work if you work from any other sports market in the world
I would you have an argument but come on from Philadelphia the home of the worst the most vindictive and hateful sports fans in the world
And you have very little credibility they boot my Schmidt right off the field every time in the freezer
The first month when Beesburg was having a few bad games
They were we're paying them in the newspapers. They were booing them off the ice up there
So to try to tell me the Philly sports fans are great sports fans are
That's not what I'm saying it on you know what I'm saying is that filled out your sports fans are absolutely brutal
When it comes to the current player their expectations are far above what should be expected
However when those players retire unfortunately is the time
And they were returned on a high tide and they treated like wildfire
Unfortunately they should do the same with their play
Okay, okay like I said two baddies from Philly
We have an open line in power five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line
And you see it's easy when you don't know anything about the game
It's easy for them to manipulate public opinion the spokesman and the organization
It's easy for them to do it because they're dealing with people are like sports illiterates
So to make the Van Beesburg the scapegoat for example when he left there
Oh yeah he was all the problems at home of course now we're almost halfway through this season
He's not here anymore and we still got a mediocre team that's under 500
And it isn't going to make the playoffs very unlikely
So can we blame him anymore?
No
But let's blame him because he was a bad guy okay I mean I just I'm sorry I'm just not buying it
You can blame Wayne High Pingo for a lot of things but blaming him for the attitude and the behavior of the fans
I don't think so
Here's Kendall hello
Is it me?
What is it?
Hello?
Yes sir.
Oh me we're having you here.
I've been a long time listener and I want to agree with you I have a comment in a question
I used to live in Toronto right two five years ago
Yes
And I must agree with you that it's a it's a class city compared to Miami
Yeah
And I wanted to know how did you ever get a tax of hope to enter Toronto?
How did I ever want?
You got a tax of Toronto started supporting me to eat
Because I lived in Rochester that was like right across the lake
I see.
Okay then you have a good one.
Okay God bless you sir.
Leafs not last night by the way we don't want to talk about that you can't win every day can you?
No.
It's okay they'll be alright.
We have an open line a day one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's Miami hello
Hi Neil how you doing?
Great.
Did I have a theory about the new arena I've only been there once this year and I noticed the same thing you did
When I was the season ticket holder for three years
And my theory is like the dead heads in the new arena the old one had all these like young enthusiasts
If the Julio's coming up from Kendall and the Metro Railway I used to ride the Metro out of the games
And it was filled with like real fans like all talking hockey on the train.
I didn't see too many Julio's meal the arena I mean maybe maybe I wasn't a wrong section I didn't see men.
I'm telling you there were everywhere you probably didn't notice I mean they're my amians.
But I mean they were like young guys like from you and from Kendall we used to ride on the train.
I see tons of young people in the new arena.
I mean the meeting agent there is very low by soft by sunrise standards.
But I think the difference is now you got these like dead heads like people that go to the heat caves.
You got these like rich people that okay now now it's up here we can like we don't want to go down there.
So now we waited till it came to us. We've got all this money.
You know we can like just buy tickets because it's like the new in thing to do.
And then they sit there and like they're just there you know because it's like an event.
They don't even know anything about hockey.
Well that part is for sure there's no question about that.
They haven't got any not only don't they know anything about it they don't want to learn anything because they're not paying any attention.
This is the thing I still don't understand.
How can there are 20,000 people jammed in a building and the overwhelming majority of them haven't got any god damn interest
in what they're supposedly paid to go in there and see I don't get it.
They don't want to learn they're there for the event. They don't care what's there.
I'm telling you if it was the circus they wouldn't know any better.
But you've got to be right there. I've got to be a whole different breed.
I mean there are a lot of carryovers from the older arena obviously.
But there've got to be thousands of additional people who weren't in the old places.
Well there are.
Well there are.
Because these people I mean to be Booen Band-Bee's book.
And I see them have a great ceremony for Ron Francis last night there in Pittsburgh.
And the Messiating in New York.
And anywhere else where there's sports where there's anything somebody comes back.
He showed a little class, a little appreciation.
You know what's the game starts?
Okay we're going to beat your brains out.
But before the game, okay we show a little something.
This town just doesn't have it in them.
When you just can't compare the things that happen here with anywhere else anyway.
I'm so happy when direct TV like forgets to black out the other feeds or the other night.
Oh yeah the last two nights.
I mean I turned it on. I didn't hear Rimmer. I went all the time.
I got it. I can watch the game.
Well let's blame Denise Potman.
Don't get Rimmer.
I didn't hear that.
That's that.
Well whatever.
I think that's my theory.
I want the ones that was shut out.
I don't go to the games anymore because I can't, you know, afford to go anymore.
I can't afford to bring my family out that way.
No, I'm not going anywhere.
I'm telling you it's more enjoyable.
Nobody's standing up in front of you.
I hope in your house while you're trying to watch the TV screen.
The little dish makes go into the games almost ridiculous.
I love it.
I can flip between all the different games.
You know instead of just having to watch us think.
And you know, again to think that I'm the only one out of these 19 or 20s.
And of course it's not the same 19,000.
So there's probably like 50,000 people when you count the different ones that are coming from game to game.
And I'm the only one that cares that you can't see the red light when a goal is scored.
I would.
I would.
What's the point?
What's the point even going there if they're not going to make the things fan friendly.
And if you don't know what the hell is going on.
I'm sorry.
I just don't understand it.
I don't think they care personally.
They don't.
Well, and if you can talk to them that you think that they would care.
And they still don't care.
I know.
Well, what is the little guy like us have to say?
Exactly.
Well, good luck, Neil.
And back to you.
Hi.
We have an open line today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Now I'm serious.
I don't get to give it.
No more than a hospital.
I'd get my lawyer on the phone and I'd sue their ass.
Sue their ass for being a fan unfriendly and for not for the malfunction of all the technical stuff.
And they're including the goal lights and the escalator and every other damn thing that we're paying for.
It would be one thing if he put up the money himself and built the damn thing himself like at least Erison did with the American Airlines Center.
But the guy then community builds this guy a $200 million palace and everything is still screwed up including this one guy, the one co-cose dead.
And do these people care these goofballs whoever they are that can either have it a party.
You know, they're having, you know, 2030, a great beer's hand over fist one after another.
See, after you have the 15th beer, it doesn't make any difference what's going on out there because you see where you see.
Oh, it's not a red light.
It's just stars.
I'm seeing.
Well, it looks like a red light to me.
We saw a lot of red lights going off after about the 43rd beer.
Here's sunny isle.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Jeff Steiner?
Are you bringing kosher water?
Oh, yeah.
Happy and a healthy New Year.
Oi!
Anyway, I want to tell you about the new casino that we've opened next to the Rascal House and beautiful sunny isles.
That we've opened?
That's correct.
My family is opening a casino.
You know, the first one on Miami Beach.
Well, what do you mean a casino?
It's not a casino.
Now, let me explain to you what it is.
Now, let me sit in.
Okay.
You have 150 real stockings.
I'm going to close your water, you brought me.
You didn't open up a real casino.
We know that.
Well, you know, that's why I got out of that business.
Listen, you come into the place.
There's 150 flop machines, video poker, blackjack, and roulette.
You put the tokens in the machines.
The tokens come out of the machines.
You redeem the tokens for televisions.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
Nice jewelry, beautiful prizes.
Gotta be 18 years and older.
But the gimmick is, the gimmick is.
The gimmick is.
If you don't want to take one of our beautiful prizes, get a voucher.
Now, you bring the voucher down to our beautiful new cruise ship with real casinos on it.
And once we get out three miles, we'll leave a limit.
Right.
Great.
Okay. Good luck, Jeff.
We have two open lines in date.
56670560 and Tom 560 on the mobile one line.
I mean, when a guy that owns the joy to say, well, what the real scam is is this.
And that yeah.
Unbelievable.
Well, I guess that kosher water business didn't work out too good.
Did it?
No.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
You know, let's go back a few years ago, the first playoff game that they played the Boston Bruins.
Yes.
That place was buzzing.
Everybody had their jerseys on.
That was the real thing.
Yeah.
You go to this place and it's like everybody's wearing polo shirts.
They got their hair slip back.
I never saw somebody sell your homes in my whole life.
Right.
Exactly.
The clock doesn't work right.
The horn goes up.
And they don't care.
Nobody cares.
I'm the only one who gets psychotic.
I don't care.
What?
When a guy calls a goal, panthers, goal, the sound systems distorting.
It doesn't have enough balls.
It's the store.
Most of the time.
They're going for one or the goal or the referral one.
Yeah.
They ain't nobody cares except me.
I'm the only one that gives a crap.
And I sit in the upper deck and I have to look for the red light because sometimes we can't even tell if the puck goes in the dark.
Right.
And you can't see the red light.
Not on one end or the other from where I sit.
Either one.
Either one.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, all right.
I don't know how I feel better.
Somebody's screwed worse than I am.
And the guy that sits behind me.
Yeah.
There's two guys or three guys that sit behind me.
And these guys are always talking about computers.
And it was one night.
I think we're playing scenics and we got our asses kicked.
And they were scoring goal after goal and they scored another goal.
And I heard the guy look up and he go, oh, oh, oh, oh, did we score?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
It's amazing.
And you don't see people wearing shirts like you did down there.
Yeah.
Jersey's all over the place.
Hats.
I don't see it.
I don't know.
Maybe you see something I don't.
There's a few.
A few.
I got my leafs jacked on anyway.
Well, that's all right.
All right.
Well, that's it.
Okay. Good luck to us, pal.
See you in the kitchen.
Okay.
I'll see you in the kitchen in the Macarena.
We have an open line in the day one in Broward.
5.6705.
60.560 on a mobile one line.
Very, very sad.
See, that's why they don't care whether they're walking around in front of you or holding their kids up in here.
Because they assume that just like them, you don't give a crap about seeing what's going on out there.
And the fact that they got all those little cars chewing up the ice.
And that makes the event a mockery and that guys are falling down and twisting their ankles and getting serious going injuries because the ice is unplayable.
They don't care about these things.
And see, Baldy capitalized on that.
He, you know, he understands that.
So that's why they're peddling more and more and more refreshments and hey, go buy this and we got that nice store in there.
Go buy all your Panther paraphernalia when you first walk in there because we want your money.
That's all we know you don't care about what's going on in there.
Because if you did, you wouldn't put up with what they've done.
In fact, to be honest with you, what they've done to this organization isn't really all that far from what was known of that baseball team.
What was their name?
I don't want to mention because then very jackson will mention that I talked about the Marlins on him.
And by the way, Barry, we can talk about the Marlins all we want.
We just can't talk about the lawsuit or matters directly related to it.
You understand that, Barry?
No.
I didn't think so.
In fact, Barry is sitting there right now going,
not me, my mate.
Oh, yeah.
If you ever met this guy, you wouldn't believe it.
Keep in mind, he walks up to me at an airport in Toronto.
He would like two inches away from my face.
You know me?
And I thought to myself, Jesus God, I hope not.
I said no.
Oh, I'm Barry Jackson and you're right.
I mean, a lot of what you say about me.
Now, what kind of a person, what kind of self respect could anybody have to walk up to you and say,
you're right and a lot of things you say about me.
Like I'm a chubby little putt-biking jackass who knows nothing.
Well, those are the things you meant, Barry, that I was right about.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
1057 at 560, WQM.
But me, the Roger Show, now on 560 WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Buffalo blows and son of the bill.
For the people who brought you the homie network for kids, comes a brand new network for adults.
Nipolodian.
Nipolodian.
Nipolodian brings you quality adult programming, like Clarissa Shaves All, and Rugberg.
And programs for the alternative lifestyleer shows like two angry gerbos, and my brother in me.
Not to mention blockbuster movies, like Three Men on a Little Lady.
Call your cable company today and tell them you want Nipolodian.
It's the only channel exclusively for adults.
Nipolodian.
It's 11-1 at 560 WQM, what do we got?
What's next?
Oh, Jesus, there's been time there, where yeah.
Sorry, sorry.
It's fine, sorry.
Thank you, too, the most of it, Six, and then we got what time is this?
The homie game, 930, because they're way up there in Vancouver against the Connooks.
Who was that that did that promo?
Was that Rex?
I don't know.
The promo for the game tonight, where he says the Vancouver Connooks.
Only a schnook.
Carter Davis.
Who?
Carter Davis.
Oh, Carter Davis sounds like a dumb goi to me.
Only a real dumb goi would say Connooks.
Only a schnook says Connook.
But anyway, we're playing the Connooks tonight, 930.
We got the pregame 10 o'clock, the game.
The Panthers, remember them, and the Vancouver Connooks.
Here's Perine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I have a question, speaking of the Panthers here.
Rumor has it that they're interested in sending Adjo Renovsky to Long Island,
to the Islander's Phoenix Change for defensemen Scott LeChance.
Have you heard anything about that?
Where'd you hear that?
Oh, CNNSI.
Yeah, never heard that.
No.
I don't like Scott LeChance.
I wouldn't do it.
I don't like Eddie either.
But where does that trade go?
What does that accomplish?
That's what I'm asking.
I mean, where are they going to get us?
Yeah, they had a chance to get Yani Ninovma for Joe Renovsky last year and didn't do it well.
What would that trade accomplish?
I mean, you know, and they also say that they want to get rid of gothic devorak.
Actually, before they wanted to exchange them, I think, with...
Yeah, for Stu Barnes, that ain't going to happen.
Yeah, and also, Uncle Bander is still playing for Pittsburgh every day.
And he's out there winning face-offs and playing pretty good.
And the Strock is playing great.
And they're winning every day, the penguins.
I remember when Strock was with us.
He wasn't doing much, but you can tell that he was just ready to explode offensively with his...
He was a great player.
He was a tremendous player.
Every shift that he went out there.
And like I told you before, Doug McLean was a hard-ass.
He didn't like him.
You see, this organization has been this handled from the beginning.
And because they had that one lucky period of two months, three years ago.
And they made it to the standard of finals.
People thought that they knew what the hell was going on.
The Marie Boise and Doug McLean and the succession of a BM and TM and all the other movements.
They haven't...
It's been in the scandalists what they've done.
Mistake after, mistake after mistake.
But again, when you're in a town where most of the people don't have any idea what it's all about,
you can get away with that, maybe.
And when you're in a town where people want to come and smooth and socialize.
And there's the excitement of a great new building located in the super area there.
See, I'll give you another example of what's wrong with this town.
The... the... the... saw saw grass.
Right there by the Macaroon.
Saw grass.
Now I'll grant you.
Yeah, the parking is very inconvenient.
You have to park usually 50 million miles away from the mall itself.
But that...
I live two minutes driving time from the saw grass mall.
I watched them build it for my backyard.
And I don't hate going to the saw grass just because it's tough to park.
you have to walk a long way to get in there.
I can handle that even if it will be far like me needs the exercise.
But it's going inside that I find very distasteful because it's like walking into a foreign
country.
And when I left the county when I moved out of Kendall years ago and I moved to Broward
County, I thought I was leaving that kind of environment.
But now here I am out there way out there in plantation acres on the border of sunrise
in the less.
And I walk into the Sogras Mills Mall and I hear a cacophony.
See, when I'm in a foreign country, I don't mind feeling like I'm in a foreign country
because I'm out on a plane and I spend a lot of money to go to a foreign country.
All right.
So when I'm in the backyard of my home and I'm walking into a place which is supposed
to be this big which I don't even know what it's all about.
And they're all like that, that, that, that, that, that, that, and I'm thinking, who are
these people and where do they come from?
And what are they doing here?
And that's really why I don't go there.
See, so this bull crap about, well, it's a multicultural, okay, whatever you say.
Here's Delray B.
Chilla.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Can you do a limo guy from Christmas Eve?
Yes.
Oh, I have.
Great.
Do you enjoy that Hemingway?
Hemingway?
The cigar I gave it.
The what?
The cigar.
Oh, yeah.
I thought you meant the restaurant, yeah.
Oh, no, no, that was first.
Well, I was listening to you about the Panthers.
One thing I hate about the fans is that they're not hockey fans.
They're just Panther fans.
Like, you and me, we like to, we can watch pretty much any hockey game.
Yeah.
I'm going to watch the Panthers and make it.
Which is why we're not learning anything about the sport, no matter how long we've had
them here.
They're not learning anything about it, which is why they don't care about them putting
the out of town scores up there because they don't care that they're even in other
games going on.
And what's, what is icing mean?
Also, with the players, unlike Dino Sussarelli, which I wish was back in, you know, feeling
better again, nobody stands in front of the net to wait for any rebounds.
And nobody takes the chance to hang out.
Well, I can't, with all the respect, I don't want to, I don't want to blow the whole
audience off here.
Okay, because they're, they can't talk hockey.
They can't discuss the pros and the cons and the ins, they're not capable of doing that.
Okay.
So, forget about that.
I'm talking today about the way the fans behave, the people in this area behave, the lack
of class, the lack of gratitude, whether it's Dan Moreno, whether it's John Van Diesbrook,
whether it's Greg Reed, no matter who the hell it is, there's just a lack of, they don't
understand.
Are you in consideration?
No consideration?
Exactly.
They don't appreciate anything.
They don't just want to understand hockey.
They're going there.
No, no, they, if it's, no matter what it is, they just, they don't understand hockey.
They just don't care.
They have no feeling, no appreciation.
Somebody can bust their gut for these people and they still don't give a crap.
What have you done for me in the last five minutes?
That's all they want to know.
That's not great.
Absolutely.
Okay, well, I hope Rumor gave you a big tip, Kenna.
I know.
Okay, good luck.
Don't make them stick again.
Yeah, Rumor, lack to the great tip or says to me, oh, I don't have change.
I want to save this 10 for the limo driver.
Anybody ever heard of giving a limo driver a $10 tip?
Oh my God, Rumor.
No wonder we can't afford to have any more hair stuck in there, huh?
Maybe I'll have to get them a trade deal at Charles Alpha Yury.
We have an open line in date, 5.6705.60, 05.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
The first time I called you since you switched radio stations.
Really?
Then a while.
Yeah, I just haven't had the time.
I still listen.
Right.
I just haven't had the time to call and I was off today, so I figured out what they're
had.
First of all, happy new year to you and George.
And the same to you, sir.
I noticed you were talking about earlier about the rootiness down here and I have to completely
agree.
I know it doesn't matter what I'm doing.
I noticed that you know, when you go into a convenience store, what have you?
Maybe you hold the door open for the person behind you.
I always do.
They walk right past you like they expected.
Yeah.
These young snooty little girls are, you know, generally you hold it for the next person
and so forth and so on to be nice and polite.
And it's funny you were mentioning about.
You can actually hold it open like for young guys, you know.
Right.
Well, whatever.
But you know, you were funny.
You mentioned the cell phones at the arena.
Yeah.
Now, these are the same people.
I can't count on my hands and feet.
How many times I've almost gotten damn near killed out on the road because somebody was holding
the conversation that was way more important than what was at the herd of her driving.
And I'm like, wasn't there a law passed a certain time ago that you had to be told over
if you were using one of those things?
You think a cell phone in a car?
Right.
No.
No.
Oh, I could have scored it was.
Oh, well, my mistake.
Well, the best of you in George.
I'll talk to you next year.
Okay.
What did he say?
We have an open line and date one and Broward.
566705, 60, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
There was a law passed that if you in the car, why are you driving?
You got the real serious problem.
Eight minutes after 11 and 560, WQYM.
Well, I noticed that my conversation yesterday got some real immediate results in here.
Didn't it?
No.
Well, hey, listen, don't be a patient now.
Okay.
Things will...
Oh, this place, this place, this place, this place.
He'll rock your stuff.
He's a wonderful boy, told it.
Had a major win, sir.
Like the Hershey highway.
And reading Martha Stewart.
He's winning lots of races, baby.
And the coveted win and the past.
Rare and hurt heart would know the same.
Just getting mud for the duck.
Boys of the rainbow.
Quickest hit in that car.
Wiping at the heart.
This friend speaks a game on the head.
The fans won't be sizzled.
When they find out he's made six dribbles.
Watch him race the way.
I found the glorious game.
Gordon and Gain.
Who's there?
Gordon and Gain.
Will.
Yeah.
He's the only race track.
Laptop in the new there.
Has the biggest fans love.
Hey, sucks, just like a Hoover.
There's fans over for a guy and somebody's there.
And fans that he likes to hold.
It's racing out this whole space.
And the fans won't be sizzled.
When they find out he's made six dribbles.
Watch him race the way.
I found the glorious game.
Gordon and Gain.
Who's there?
Gordon and Gain.
Don't touch me there.
It works the notion in the basket.
Even this now.
It's all before the end of the round.
If you have an open line in base now,
you can move your fans.
If you just dive before me.
I'm going to go to the five six seven oh five six.
He's on the way.
And one in Palm Beach.
And one in the Niranjah.
And one in Naples.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
I got to say it's by bus.
This is obnoxious New Yorker.
Maybe Don Sherwood.
You know who this sounds like to me.
Sounds like the guy with the eyes.
Okay.
Okay.
We have two open lines in date.
And we are too in priority.
I mean, you know, the fact that I'm tolerating you for a while
doesn't mean I want you to call the show.
I mean, you know, the fact that we've made a little bit of peace.
And on your kipper, you finally be formed and got yourself a life.
That's good.
But please don't call the show.
I mean, you know, maybe once or twice a year,
but I'm in a really good mood, which isn't today.
Look at that.
Two calls left on the board here.
5.6705.60.506.
The other 18 T wireless ones.
What do you think about that game tomorrow?
Here's their candle.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Happy quanta.
Hey, how you doing?
I got a big boss.
He loves the lotion and the basket.
When we go to the arena, we got these people behind us.
They're complaining about the whole game.
The lady said, what was that?
I said, the lady is a shot on gold.
They're trying to change.
Let's show her up.
So we discussed stupid plans down here.
Okay, thank you.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Happy New Year.
I'll give you my scoop on what's happening.
I only could afford 16s this year.
I used to sit in the first row of the upper deck,
which were pretty decent seats.
And I switched with a group of people down to the lower level.
But have you noticed the lower levels I can two tiers?
Yeah.
You know, there's like the first...
No, I see the second tier.
I have several tiers.
They're usually flowing from my cheeks by the moment I look at the areas.
Because the people in front of me are like jumping up and down,
like Wampol Stiltskin, and popping their babies up and down like a jack in the boxes.
Jack in the box.
I said, what a cross from you.
So I'm going to look for that next game I go to.
Well, you better not see it.
I, um, yeah, exactly.
I should be the second tier of the lower level.
I'm further away from the ice now than I was in the first row of the upper deck.
Which is kind of, you know, it's not too good.
But the problem is that at 57 bucks a ticket,
I think you're going to have a lot more people share and take it.
And you're going to get non-hockey fans.
Yeah, well, that's what we've got.
And imagine that both the games I've been to this year,
I went to the Vancouver game and the Calgary game.
I'm going to tell you.
I forgot to tell the story on the air.
Okay, the last game, which is unfortunate that these people actually moved us into.
Because then the people with the 18 little babies wound up showing up.
Before the game, a couple of old cockers older than I am, we mean in their 60s.
They show up and they sit down in front of me and they turn around.
They allow you about.
And then the usher finally comes down.
They had told the usher to get this that they were friends of mine.
And they wanted to come and sit there for a walk.
This is after the practice is all over.
Just a few minutes before the game is starting.
Do these people belong in those seats?
No.
Do they have any?
Do they belong in that section?
No.
Tell me I never saw these people in my lifetime.
Okay?
And they come and they got the hoots, but they sit down there in front of.
Oh, they're friends in the Rogers.
Okay?
I guess they're not going to mess with them.
I'm a state.
I'm a state.
Absolutely unbelievable.
Well, the next game I go to, I look across and I see about, you know, I can see you sitting
over there with John.
But it's just the games are, for me, it's impossible to get all the way back to Tendon and, you know,
from work and get up there.
So I took a few games as possible.
And the atmosphere is not the same.
The atmosphere is grotesque.
You know what else I want?
The best way to put it is grotesque.
And the stupidity and the aberrant behavior of these so-called fans, I'm telling you, it's
nauseating to me.
It makes me sick to my stomach.
It's taken the joy.
I mean, forget, I mean, look, if you're a fan, the team could play good.
I mean, I knew going in.
It was going to be a mediocre year.
We don't have a lot of talent.
You can deal with that if you're a real fan.
So I'm not, you know, expecting much.
But the ambiance of being in the middle of a bunch of people that have got any idea what's
going on or paying no attention are cheering at the wrong time.
Don't care about the fact that they can't see the goal.
I feel like I fish out of water in that place.
You know, at the older arena, I used to go to about 20 games a year.
I paid for 10 as a season ticket holder and I would scout tickets.
And I got into both Stanley Cup Final games without tickets.
You know, I stopped them outside, which goes to show you that this town is not a sports town.
You know, if you can go outside the arena.
That's got nothing to do with it.
You can scout tickets on car.
Any of you who run a while, all you want, that would be a real good problem.
And then when you look at the panthers, they had, they feel right on the cusp of becoming a great team.
No, they were not.
No, they were never on the cusp.
You're wrong.
They were never on the cusp of becoming a great team.
No, they're not.
They're out of a couple.
They were good.
They were a decent team that got hot for a couple of months.
They were out on the cusp of becoming a great team.
You're hallucinating, sir.
You think they could have gotten a couple players.
Have a great day.
Okay.
We have an open line at day and one at Broward.
560-560-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call from Vegas.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I'm telling you, Vegas is all you said it would be awesome.
And then some, yes.
But how's everything in Miami?
It's the same, man.
It's still the same.
It's still here.
We're still shooting everybody inside.
But anyway, the weather's here real nice.
I mean, Vegas is awesome.
I want to thank you for just mentioning Vegas so many times.
Well, because it's a weird living and breathing place where you're encouraged to have a great time.
And where you do have a great time.
And where most of the people are under the age of 100.
And where people are got a real friendly attitude.
And where you get tremendous service.
And people are so friendly.
Right.
I mean, it is great.
I just want to thank you and I miss you.
And I'll be seeing you next week.
Okay. Well, listen, whatever you win.
Keep me in mind.
Thank you.
Okay. Good luck.
100 brains out.
There you go.
There's the difference, man.
And just a few seconds for you.
There's a guy in Vegas sounds like a happy camper.
And I'm sitting here begging as usual trying to.
This is not an unreasonable discussion.
This is not an unreasonable question.
But I saw something on television last night that forget about whether it was a hockey game or what had happened to me.
But just brings questions to mind about why the attitudes here are so different.
It's a very legitimate question.
And the fact that people don't want to discuss it speaks for itself.
Speaks for itself.
Looney Toons Place, man.
And that's what this is.
It's a Looney Toons Place.
They're jamming them in that goddamn arena like the song rest.
Part of your cars all the way after the goddamn street.
You're schlepping.
You're schlepping.
You're walking inside.
And where am I?
You're doing like a James Stockdale there.
Who am I and where am I and what is it that's going on in here?
And what are they giving away?
And what banana boat that all these people just come off of?
Do you ever go in there?
You ever go in the song rest?
Yes.
Yes, sure.
And where did they come from?
South America?
Yeah.
Why?
Because it's a big mall.
Where do they live?
Where do they stay?
Where do they sleep at night?
You're back yard.
Oh.
Oh.
Two minutes.
What is it?
Twenty-one minutes after your level.
We have two open lines of what I started to say and date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's your field beach.
Hello.
I know where it's placed up the shelf.
I know today.
Since January, how about an oil-elva stay?
Uh-huh.
Like you had about three weeks ago.
Uh-huh.
I think it would work.
How about a bunch of people that have something to say?
How would that be?
Which obviously you don't.
We have an open line in Brown.
How to spice up this show today.
Uh-huh.
Another, another Jackass.
Go back to New York like I tell you every time you call with the same star attitude.
Okay.
Loser.
Loser.
It's branded on your forehead with a big L. Loser.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
Two open lines and day one at Broward.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Perfect show.
You're doing great.
Uh-huh.
Sorry, no, I have more calls.
Can I throw a planable fast-passion?
You might just show up.
A plan.
Plan.
I don't mind waiting a long time to talk to you.
Of course, I didn't wait a long time this time.
Three minutes and 52 seconds.
Very brief.
Unbelievable.
You're right.
But like my package, I don't have a lot of this.
But if I wait and you're in his ring and I don't get filled for the bomb on hold, I don't hold for all day for you.
But, uh, you know, for a hold and we're chewing up our minutes.
Well, if you're called 9303,000, no, then you're in pockets.
Yeah, but I got sprints, so I don't, you know, get the deal either way.
Are you on a mobile?
That's where I'm.
Yeah, so I just said, if it's ringing, I know, I know George, I asked him.
Well, how come, what do you mean it's ringing up to minutes?
When I've paying for it?
No, if I'm like I'm sprint, so that, you know, you just not mobile one or any like that, which is a great sponsor and everything.
But, um, well, what number do you dial when you call in?
I can dial anyone because spring covers all soft Florida.
But I'm not sure.
But can you call the pound five sixty? It doesn't work.
No, so I'm saying it's the right.
If it was ringing, I wouldn't be charged for until you picked up the deck.
How are we going to be psychic?
How do we know that?
I know, I know.
You go cut.
What maybe you think of it?
What you're suggesting is if we had like a separate line for people like you calling us for our area.
But now you're getting, I mean, are you still against a little person?
It's like our general manager was just down here like 15 minutes ago.
We couldn't wait the extra 30 seconds, I guess, to stick his head in the door.
And then like I said, everything but I've asked, you know, this guy wanted to know what it is that they could do for us to help with the show.
And everything I asked, oh, they run away because it might cost him money.
So, you know, it's a way to go.
You've got to get your own facial.
You Henry?
Yeah, right.
I'm going to get a third.
I know.
Stop hyper.
I make too much of a hallucinating.
Okay, Bill, if any sense, it's not going to happen.
Bill Murray, dynamist, previously drunk and inebriated.
Now they're straight and they're not funny anymore.
Yeah.
Common denominator.
Second, corporate seats.
Corporate seats.
Neal at the older arena.
Who went to the hockey teams?
Only people that were die hard hockey fans that they didn't want to go downtown, get shot and logged, etc.
Yeah.
Right.
Now they've got 5,000 extra seats to sell.
The salesmen have to go out to the corporate seats and sell these season tickets were jacked up.
And then there's five reports I'm getting that is enough in the club seats and so on.
In fact, you'll notice it looks like there's nobody in there during most of the games, but they're actually are there, but they're back and watching the TV.
Exactly.
And the other things, having a gang bang in the back, they're up in here, but they have no interest whatsoever.
Now that crosses over the dolphin games too.
You got corporations by season tickets for all 10 games, or how many of them are.
But when playoffs roll around, they don't buy those playoffs games, right?
They don't look screw.
We got the season tickets.
They don't think about buying playoffs.
That's why we're so short on playoffs.
You know, we can't sell it to season playoffs games because the corporations are the ones that have a lot of...
They sold it out.
You're right, but the last, you know, the way it was.
The last thing is, what is it, Edward James?
Okay, we have an open line in Broward and the one in day.
5,6,7,0,5,60, and pound 5,60 on the 18.
This guy wants us to put in a separate line for that call.
Okay.
Are you ready for that?
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Speak to me.
Mobile in Boca.
Yes, can you speak?
Yes, Leo, it's breaking up, but I really want to tell you I've got a fireport on both Rimmer and Goldie.
I work the Panthers games.
Yeah.
So on backstage where all the media people are.
And I hear Rimmer defending himself as to how many meals he's bought and paid for for his friends.
Never bought one in his life.
Well, he claims he says that's a bad rap I got.
I've got plenty of meals.
You guys can't keep saying that.
Never bought a meal in his life.
And that's taken in himself.
The second is Deldy who he's in the back and we're all doing a shoot with, and he's talking real quietly to, I can't remember.
The guy he does a show with, but Randy Moller.
And he's ripping his own show.
He's ripping the other two, Joe Rose.
And then the first game talking about how horrible the pre-game shows are and everything else.
And it was just funny.
I thought, you know, because he's saying it behind everybody's back, he's ripping his own show.
But anyway, I go to the hockey games only to work.
I can't even begin to afford a ticket for those things.
And I agree with you 100%.
I go up and I sneak around all the games going on because I don't have to do anything.
And all those people do is smooth and go everything else with those games.
It's totally your 100% correct.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
Tell Gaby, thanks for at least a bit of honesty anyway.
We have an open line in day one in Prague, Rimmer bought a meal.
Boy, there's the line of the century, Rimmer bought a meal.
This guy's the only guy with good Dutch tree in McDonald's.
Five except my aunt.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 in Palm Five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Each Friday you best do.
If you're ready for last, watch the show everyone's talking about.
Are you talking about me?
Bill Cosby.
It's just plain me.
Hi, man.
It's a story time with Bill Cosby.
He'll make you laugh.
If you can understand what he's saying.
Hears, man, man, man, but he's got to go out for playing the cab.
Just like that.
Bill, the plan was the use of the plans of playing the graphics of the lamp.
Oh, my God, this is bad for the other man.
It's classic Cosby.
Oh, man, it's bad for me.
I was in a little bit of a reason though, homo.
With his own incomprehensible style.
I don't want to demonstrate 50 miles from the man's rabbit hole.
Oh, I won't get you back.
That's a good idea.
And the man goes into the armor of after the man.
He's proud of his name on the window of the van.
He's never looking at the wall.
As long as you can follow his story, you can follow the last with Cosby's story time.
The show is cool.
It's a lot of 31 and 5, 50 WQAM.
So who's more annoying?
Robin Williams or Bill Cosby?
I would say definitely Bill Cosby.
Anyway, here's the fact that this is in regards to the Beeser.
I agree about the classlessness of the fans booing Beeser when he returned to Florence and remember the flyers.
My first talking game was at Madison Square Garden when the Rangers had traded Eddie Jackam to the Detroit Red Wings.
It was a great game that ended one month in Red Wings.
And when it finished, the fans gave Jackam in a 20-minute standing ovation yelling,
Eddie, Eddie, which of course is where Beeser came from.
By the way, Jackam and came out twice for the long course and left the second time crying from the emotion given by the fans.
How do you like that?
Not here.
Here it.
Boo, you suck.
Yamama.
We have an open line in today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 8.
And yet these are the same people that we had that penguin game going here a couple of weeks ago.
Comes the third period.
Here's Steve Barnes carrying the puck across the Panther Blue Line.
They're going,
Stu, Stu, you know, and I'm thinking, what?
He plays for the penguins now.
He don't play for us anymore.
Stu, yeah.
And it's like Pavlov's dog who's like on acid.
And he's given the wrong reaction.
The bell is ringing and he's like, instead of wagging his tailing,
one of the refrigerators, the bell rings and he's like,
he's not a floor.
He's not a floor.
No, you're not supposed to do that, Fido.
Yeah.
They're reacting to certain symbols and signals,
but the reactions are the wrong ones.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Nia.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
My name is probably the National Car Encore Center.
There isn't even the fact that we had to pay $250 for just two people to go
to have a go to the game park and have a meal.
Yes.
It's the fact that after we pay for the arena and we pay that ridiculous amount,
we still claim to be a small market team.
I don't understand that.
Then, you know, they don't get either net, vet, because they don't have that.
Okay, great.
Okay, we have all the data lines open.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT.
We are not talking hockey talk, okay?
We're talking arena talk.
We're talking fan talk.
We're talking South Florida talk about the way these people behave down here.
We're not talking hockey.
I can't blow the whole off.
You want to talk that?
I'll give you a Rimmer's number in Vancouver, okay?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
God almighty.
Did these people listen?
No.
Did they understand what it is that I'm talking about?
No.
Here's a mobile and tempered pine.
Hello?
Meal.
Yes, sir.
I know you're a arena in terms of, but I got a problem you can help me with.
Yeah.
I got to rid my wife of her, who is she, and bubble my teeth.
I know you're the man to talk to.
I'm a DNH man all the way, and I cannot convince her.
Okay, well, dump the bitch.
That was simple.
Took like two seconds.
We have an open line in the Broward All 3 in Dave.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
That big game tomorrow.
I don't think we got a chance.
Okay, good.
One line left, and then we can play the Carpenters again.
George kind of liked that song I started out with yesterday.
We didn't get too far into it because all of a sudden, that kind of like,
I just burned these people on a little bit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As again, the South Florida audience continues,
shocking the living out of me.
I'll tell you.
It's a good thing that I'm full of because they never stopped just
shocking the hell out of my system.
Here's a mobile in Tamarack.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Macarena Horror Story.
Yeah.
Last game I went to Ottawa.
Set in section 112, which is kind of like that second tier of lower bowl.
Nobody in front of me right on the railing.
I was loving life because the only person in front of me was like,
one of the cameraman, which wasn't in the way of anything.
About 10 minutes through the first period.
These two ladies are talking to the cameraman, trying to get him to pan across the arena
and get her kids on the screen.
I'm telling them to get out of the way.
They're not listening.
I'm calling to the usher.
He couldn't care less at all.
And I was sitting to where the goal was right to the right.
So they were there and the camera was there too.
So they were right in the way.
In comes a family of four two adults, two kids who sit directly behind us.
Yeah.
They were Spanish had no clue to the hockey game.
Every time they got close to the goal, the lady would let out the shrill,
the hype is just scream.
And the father was exactly.
And you've never been to highlight.
Yeah, once.
You've been to highlight.
Once.
There's a thing called a shul-o, shul-o, and he kept yelling that out or something.
I don't know what score means or shoot in Spanish.
And the kids were dumping nachos all over my shoulders.
I had a whole meal.
It was, you need us to say a very, they were great seats.
Yeah, at least the nachos were free though.
What do you complain about?
Yeah, good point.
Like I said, the seats were great.
Yeah.
The surrounding company was horrendous.
Fortunately, I got to see a good game.
Yeah, it was a great game.
Okay, well, better luck next time.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward, we'll send him to the sawgrass, then he'll wish he was back in the macarena.
Open line in Broward, all three in date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a Davy.
Hello.
I'm on a wrong line, like I said.
Here's Davy.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Do you have any Wonder Mugs left?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Listen, Neil, I love you, but I have to point out something hypocritical you said yesterday.
Yes.
It's okay for a radio talent when they negotiate a contract to get as much money as they possibly
can, right?
So how come those shwuggies from the NDA can't get as much money as they have?
Oh, so in other words, let me say for the 4 millionth time, okay?
Number one, it doesn't cost you a dime to listen to this show.
That's number one.
Number two, if I'm making $10 or $15 to $18 million a year and I'm whining about money,
I don't expect anybody out there in radio land or in NBA land or in the real world to be
sympathetic to me.
Do you understand the difference, sir?
Yeah, but why hope the Mickey Er thing gets more money?
Either him or the players.
But in the meantime, the plus, I mean, how ridiculous is it, okay?
The players are making ridiculous amounts of money in addition to which the players for
the most part are people who can barely spell their god damn name who are inarticulate
would be a compliment, okay?
I'm not arguing that point.
Yeah.
So what is the point?
The point is it's a free market.
Yeah, I like for you and for them.
But let me say it again, it costs you nothing, not a penny to listen to the show.
And every time the players have to get paid more money, they have to build more new arenas
and more new stadiums and it costs you more to have to go see them play.
That's the difference.
Nobody's forced to need to go there.
Nobody forces me to listen to you.
And let me say it again, the price of the show is free.
We have an open line in the Broward All 3 and Dead.
See, they don't want to hear that.
In addition to which I'm not making that kind of money and you can assume I'm making whatever
kind of money you want to assume I'm making which I'm not, but you can believe anything
you want.
But the amount of money I'm making is got in no way relative to people listening to the
show enjoying the show, hating the show, ranting else about it.
And maybe you're not the one that's going, but I guarantee you, they damn well expect
everybody to be packing these arenas and these stadiums to subsidize this garbage.
That's the difference.
21-4 noon at 5.60 WQAM.
New from Time Likeless Music.
It's the synatra compilation that varies the competition.
Come, die with me, let's die, let's die away.
I sure could use some socked capagoo's because I'll be dead any day.
Come, die with me, let's die, let's die away.
Don't miss out on the last collection of hits from old blue eyes before the maggots
get to him.
Start digging a hole, because I'll die any day.
I'll be a cool, cadaver, a new course, new course.
Frank Sinatra's greatest hit, the final chapter.
Yes, the chairman of the board with a fond final farewell.
Rigger mortis, rigger mortis.
I'll be stripper than the two bifalmus at the undertaker.
The day I've gone to meet my maker.
To order, have credit card ready and call 1-800-Cadabber.
That's 1-800-Cadabber.
Order today before it's too late.
16-2005, 16-2002.
Boy, charge this adult and sister's rape.
Oh!
The older one, the 15-year-old, the 13-year-old has to be charged as a juvenile.
15-year-old boy will be prosecuted as an adult, been charged with one kind of sexual
battery on a child and one kind of a decent assault.
Oh yeah, Jerry Springer made him do it.
And the interesting part of it is they said this had been going on for years.
They didn't tell us how many years.
But Jerry Springer has been doing what he's doing now.
What, for maybe two years, at most?
Most?
Maybe three.
Maybe three, but I don't think so.
We have three open lines today, which is all of them.
560-705-60 and pound 560 on the 18-3 wireless line.
Here's a mobile and deer field.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I just like to agree with you that people in South Florida suck.
And I've been sitting here.
My truck's still down.
I'm out of my way to work.
And the wind on the truck's for about five hours now.
And I just like to call a couple guys.
These bags?
No, okay, good.
Okay, we have an open line that's powered in all three and they had 560-705-60, pound 560 on the 18-3 wireless line.
Here's Delray B.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
You'll enjoy the show.
I'm a diabetic, but I'm called a brittle diabetic.
Not because of like, childs or anything like that.
I had my pancreas, mostly the remote.
But my question is I'm taking two kinds of insulin.
Yeah.
70-30 in the end.
And why are you asking?
Why are you calling me about this?
No, I'm just saying, because insulin has a new effect on it.
Why would you add?
What do I know about insulin?
I don't take insulin.
I know nothing about it.
Call a doctor.
He might give you an answer.
My charger, of course.
We have an open line that's powered all three and they had 560-705-60 and pound 560 on the...
Oh my god!
AT&T wireless line.
I just had to do that.
I just had the...
I felt the need to do that.
Here's the four-letter deal.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
How are you?
Good morning.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
I'm glad to hear that.
I was watching the Toronto Maple Leafs game last night.
Well, did you pick the real...
I didn't even watch it.
It was horrendous.
Well, it was a horrible...
No, it was not.
It was a piece of crap game.
No, unfortunately we let him get another rebound on the winning side.
Sure, let me say it again.
It was a very bad game.
But anyway, moving away to law.
Well, I think they're going to do very well this year.
Yeah.
They're going to go hopefully very far in the...
Okay, thank you.
Great.
Okay, we have an open line that's powered one and date.
560-705-60 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Davey?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't know what you take is on the jewelry spinger connection to that...
My take is that it's the same as Ronnie Zamora and all the...
And I know they've dragged out Ellis Rubin again on a local lose last night.
It's a bunch of bull crap.
I was...
There's no 15-year-old kid that doesn't know the difference between right and wrong raping somebody.
Okay?
There is nobody 15-year-old that doesn't know it's wrong to rape your sister.
Half-sister, quarter-sister, brethren law.
That's not just another excuse.
I know.
I know.
But it's always somebody else's fault.
I hear you.
And it's mostly coming from this detective, right?
Is that where it all came from?
You're saying the kid said it, so that makes it news, I guess?
Mother kid said it.
Yeah, okay.
But here's the thing.
I don't get the detective's usually given in the cops' team to give it so much credence.
There's so into you.
No, the media is giving it credence by bringing on all these psychologists and sociologists
and they're talking about the kids that lay down in the street after they saw that movie.
You know, there isn't any kid 15-year-old or 14-year-old or 13-year-old.
It doesn't know that it's wrong to rape anybody, okay?
I agree with you.
My only point is...
Even trailer park trash knows it's a...
Although, of course, that family thing, you know.
I hear you.
My only point is this cop that I saw in the interview, he seemed to be really close to the stuff.
Why don't you just say that?
Why don't you say your point is that it's the cops fault that they're saying this and have a nice day, okay?
He's trying desperately to get me to agree with it, which I don't agree with you.
Let me say it again.
It's the media that are making a big stimulus, even as article again here in the paper this morning,
which points out that even Howard Stern, based in New York, talked about this case.
Is if I'm supposed to be impressed about that, okay?
Wow.
Got him, I impressed.
We have two open lines in Howard one in date, 56670560 and 0.566 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, don't mind.
Okay.
I just want to look at the address and the gentleman who called here complaining about saying about the NBA players making...
...let them make whatever the hell they want.
Yeah.
Guys, everyone's got a great game, and he's complaining.
Oh, who cares? I don't go to the game, though.
Well, he watches him for free on TV, okay?
And I love these people that keep bringing up his long making ten and fifteen million dollars a year, which I'm not.
In addition to which he...
And he doesn't want to hear it.
It doesn't cost him a penny to listen to this show, but the fans who want to subsidize sporting events,
they're the ones that have to keep paying these bigger and bigger and bigger ticket prices for guys that are already making millions of dollars.
Anybody who doesn't understand a difference needs a lobotomy.
I hear you, man.
I wish we had a big back of the same thing.
I can't wait to belong to the morning.
Okay, great.
We have two open lines in date and one in brown.
Is this incredible or what?
I hate this radio station.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and 05, 60 on the AT&T wire of slide.
It's a maggot magnet.
Every sports nerd that ever crawled out from under a rock.
They're just fitting out there waiting, okay?
People that have no lives whatsoever.
I bring up a great topic here today based on something I saw last night that pointed out very clearly the difference between people and they living in breathing place.
And here, which it is not a living in breathing place, it is a dying place.
A place where dead people and banana boat people.
And I'm sure that I couldn't possibly be the only one who sees the difference.
And yet, is there any kind of meaningful dialogue going on here today?
No.
No, we hear about, we sure wish we had a better different set around the Miami Heath.
Like I give two crafts.
I don't give one craft about the heat, okay?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's just unbelievable. It's stagger as my imagination.
And like I said, then I go into that arena and I keep aggravating myself wondering how come it's like it is.
And I'm sitting here, and I got the answer here every day, four hours a day, every day of my life.
Like it's some kind of a surprise, like it's a shock that I'm in the middle of 19,000 people, about 80% of whom are clueless.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
I'll go to Yale.
Yes, sir.
I'm a trial lawyer. I find the government on forfeiture cases.
Last week you had a gentleman on regarding a book on the abuse of the forfeiture laws by the government.
I wouldn't have any gentleman on about the book.
Yes, you did.
No, I did not.
You were talking about it.
Oh.
Do you remember the name of that book?
Lost rights by James Bolvar, the OPA RD.
Okay, thank you very much.
Okay, you're welcome.
Too late.
I think it was already on it.
You've heard that before, Abgen?
We have an open line in date, 56670560, 0560 on the 18th, he wireless line.
Here's a mobile in a Pember pine.
Hello.
Good morning, God. How are you?
Okay, sir.
I have a solution to the so-called fans of the hockey arena.
Give them an entrance exam.
Yeah.
This way they, you know, most of the night.
Do you think that Wayne cares about whether you know anything.
They just want your money. Don't you understand, sir?
Well, how much do you have to know to show a little bit of class and gratitude towards somebody that's played here for five years?
Nobody wants to respond to that question.
I brought it up the day after it happened here, which is a couple of months ago after that flyers game.
Did anybody respond then?
No.
Did they respond now?
No. They can't respond to it.
They can't give me an answer as to why Yabula guy that played great here.
That was the big hero here for five years and he comes back here and at least half of maybe not 60%.
Maybe it was the same 80% who don't know anything.
Maybe those were the people that were born.
Is that possible?
Uh-huh.
Could be.
Would know the visor if he, if he, uh, stopped a puck deep inside their deck, don't know what nohood is.
Is that possible?
Yes.
God.
I mean, see, you know, just by osmosis, just by walking around a breathing of fresh air, you have to absorb something.
Don't you?
No.
You have to absorb a little bit about something about life.
What, no matter whether it's politics, whether it's sports, whether it's the newspaper, whether it's, uh, Ilyana Gross-Latinin, whatever it is.
Just by being alive, or even if you don't want to, you have to absorb something, don't you?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Is it only about sports so far I just tuned in to you right now?
Sure it's about whatever it is you want to talk about.
That's interesting.
We'll talk about it if not, uh, we hope you have a nice weekend.
Okay.
We need a bit about sports.
I'm not talking about sports.
I'm talking about people.
People.
All right.
Living and breathing God, damn people.
All right.
I got a question for you.
And then this is something my baby will talk about later, but I don't know the answer that I'm asking you.
What do you think about the difference between female models and male models getting jobs?
Do you think there's like the same thing going on that happens for female does for male?
We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, after all getting banged.
Yes, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, and pound 5, 50 on the AT&T wireless line.
Does that, does that, does that, does that just make the case?
Right there ladies and gentlemen, let's pack up our suitcase, case closed.
Let's go home.
Let's have a couple of beers and celebrate.
Just made my case right there for you.
Okay.
Here's the mobile and I just watch your backside if I were you sir.
That's my advice.
Here's the mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, how's he doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm from North Carolina and it's been down here for years and the best that I can deduct is that everybody down at the state.
Yeah.
Is they feed off of everything.
There's no building, there's no community, there's nothing and they just like parasites that feed off of whatever's there and they don't put anything back into what they've got.
And I think it goes back from it's kind of like a renters mentality when you don't have ownership of a place and you're just here visiting or you're here illegally or you're here as somebody who.
Is illegal but somehow made it legal.
Like you're.
Yeah, but you have no sense of ownership and you don't care and it all goes down to manners also.
It's not really even a question if you want to go sit there quiet and watch the game or at least your respective.
I don't know if I expected me quiet but get make noise about the things you're supposed to make noise about.
Well, that's the thing you're talking on cell phones and you can go to it's not even that the game is the malls it's an elevator as you said.
You mean walking in a building and someone holding the door open it just comes down the manners and nothing you hit.
But now I'm finding those here.
In classes the other thing.
No class it's not low class it's no class there they're just isn't any here.
No, it's I think it's a good thing to come back.
It is but you do a great job of one question. Do you think leave on a win 20? Yeah, you will.
We have an open line and they won in the broder 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello.
Mobile in sunrise. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you happy new to you? Same to you, sir.
Our first time call a long time listener. I mean complete agreement with you. This is the most pathetic bushly town I've ever experienced.
I've lived there about 17 years and I'm finally making a jailbreak and heading out of this God for second place in August.
And I suggest you do the same. What meaning what I do the same what?
Aren't you going to ever going to leave South Florida?
Yeah, when I retire in three years in the in about the 11 and a half months. Yeah.
And you're going to run away from here as fast as possible. Yes, I will.
I'm not going to wait. I'll fly away. I'll get into playing. I'll say bye and see you. That'll be it.
And as far as the sports fans in this town, I mean, it is absolutely pathetic.
From the fans, to the papers, to the media, to everything I've just never seen such a thing.
So the bigger markets, such as Boston, etc. And you can actually think of the sports days and read a decent article.
Right. And you read the read the column read somebody who writes something who's got some perspective on something who knows what they're writing about.
I think of the paper this morning in the sun sentinel and this jackass Michael Russo, I think, is the one that writes this thing about Dave Gange.
He got into a couple of fights, even though he's a little guy in the game the other night.
And Dave Gagne has been an abortion for the Florida Panthers this year.
He's been benched and rightfully so one of the few people had been benched and deservedly so.
And this man, I watched him in a last game that home game here. He has lost it. He's got nothing.
And here's a whole big article here. Dave Gagne's new hero now because somebody planted the seed in Michael Russo's mind.
Again, you're dealing with people who know nothing.
And they write articles in the newspaper.
Val Lowe Pikao Kiki.
Open line and Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Go to hell new dad.
Four kids hanging out together.
Ali and Proven's in their ass TV don't get better.
The chef just like it lays in her eyes and she's he puts the bow.
You're going to see stands throw up his guts if Wendy's around.
They're stands brought in tile and the talking dirt is at least one two weeks here.
Thank you.
You got that.
He heard.
It's so weird but the one that falls and can't stay forever.
He can't hit the head.
And then he said the rats know it.
And then they eat it.
He knows.
Thank you.
You got that.
You want to know what I think?
What?
He's doing something for the back.
He's picking it.
He's doing something for the other.
It's probably known at five sixty WQM.
We have an open line and date six hundred of them at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
A handcub here at two o'clock as always six o'clock.
It's the booster and then nine thirty.
We got the pregame show from Vancouver way.
Panthers and a conucks not conucks.
Ten o'clock tonight.
Conuck rhymes with schmuck.
Here's a lady in the what is it?
Lachdah Hatchy.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, man.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just wanted to call in the guy who's called about the book Loft Wright.
Yes.
He's not going to find it anywhere because we searched all through a brown and Palm Beach County.
I bought it here.
I bought it because of you.
Oh, I see.
But I was able to get it through Amazon dot com.
Right.
And I also got a farewell to God and it came within three days from Amazon dot com.
Two excellent books by the way.
Yes, they are very good.
I read it.
You can probably pass port in one hand while reading one of those books in the other hand.
Exactly.
And I'd love you, Sheldon, with me for three years.
And we've had to order all of your CDs from your website.
And I'm finally going to get to hear the bridge tender when they come.
All right.
They've been for three years and I haven't been able to catch it yet.
Well, we're trying to get rid of him.
Oh, no.
Well, nice talking to you.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Amazon dot com.
There you go.
Excellent choice.
We have an open line in Dave wanted, Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pong.
I mean, this is not a difficult question.
This is not a tough question.
There has got to be somebody just one.
I would be so ecstatic.
I would have I would have all kinds of quivers in my testicles.
If there was just one person out there who would really respond to the thing I brought up today this morning.
Ron Francis gets a heroes welcome in Pittsburgh last night.
Before the game, they have a ceremony.
They make a formal announcement.
A standing ovation.
We love you.
They showed some clips.
Mike Lang calling some great moments.
Ron Francis in a pound of penguin uniform up on the big screen there.
They make a big deal about it.
Here guy comes back after five years as the hero.
Now he's a bum.
Whoa, we hate you.
I hope you die and get a big hemorrhoids.
There's got to be somebody out there who can explain to me the mentality.
This kind of idiotic, ungrateful obnoxious, disgusting, this grateful, despicable, unacceptable, totally subhuman.
And slime ball behavior.
It's got to be one.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
I'm addressing your van B's look.
Really?
I have to.
I was there at the fourth pan for game with a man he fans finally showed little class a plot of the panthers even though they got swept, kicked around.
And then.
I saw him in a playoffs.
Yeah, the headlines came in.
Yeah, headlines came in.
And everybody stayed in a plot and I was in the other shop.
They're part of both teams.
That's right.
How was another shot?
Yes.
Now I'm an out of your fan because these are bodice there.
Everybody loved them.
Well, let's address another point.
Management.
Cut them.
Let us have they cut them loose unfortunately.
And then they go turn against him or they make their narrow minded people in Miami.
Well, they made us turn against them.
Well, what does that mean?
So, in other words, the people you're saying that the people are out that week and that stupid.
Yes, yes, I am.
Yes, I am.
I'm saying that people don't realize they're going to come down to it just like the heat players.
Just like the people.
They're saying, oh, lots of more than 100 million.
Well, if a lot of people think 100 million, what's Mickey making?
That's Mickey making.
That's not relevant.
You don't, you don't, you don't, what Mickey is making has got nothing to do with how much it costs you to go to see a ball game.
Absolutely.
But if we're going to pay it, we're going to be the stucker to pay it and then pay it and shut up.
Yeah.
But otherwise, let's not, let's not, let's not kill the only, the one of the greatest memories in, in Florida sports history, which was at that for me.
They've already killed it.
Well, you know, but that's the dumbest thing that's like that.
You're 80 years, it's ridiculous.
It's, it's, it's prepossess.
And the Beasers are great goalie.
He was a class act.
Great game last night.
Shutout, five nothing.
Nobody out there.
He's third shut out of the year of the year for him.
Thirty second of his career.
He's playing Howtos Epistol.
His team has gone 12 games, a lot of loss.
They're zooming on by everybody.
But he's a bad guy.
I think they've been listening to God damn rumor too much.
Yeah.
Yeah, you heard, when we're talking about all those performances of the Beasers and the Playoffs.
They stopped.
Yeah, right.
Open line in Dade County, five six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line.
Crawl Springs, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I want to talk about the Sun Sentinel, but first I got to tell you, after spending many years in other puts of the country working radio and hearing about your shelf for all those years.
It's great.
So I can say, the Sun Sentinel, terms of their riders, you'll love what people suck up here, right?
I'm talking about the Sun Sentinel.
That's my editor.
Oh, okay.
Well, I end up showing his greed.
I know that.
Yeah, it is.
I'm reading an ad last on this paper called an outfit, the Chappell Tepic Essay Contest.
This is an ad sponsored by the Sun Sentinel for an Essay Contest to Journalists, a Revin, grammatical, and Spellier's.
All right.
Just unbelievable.
You call these people.
Or they think it's like, well, we have a deadline.
That's no excuse.
Get a proofreader.
Get somebody to write English.
Mm-hmm.
Which will be the topic of my editor.
Please, you've got to understand.
We don't have a real newspaper in this town.
We have two Bush League newspapers in a Bush League town.
That's what we have.
I lived in Vegas.
Anybody who denies that is deluding themselves.
Have you read the Las Vegas Review Journal?
Yes.
How's that?
I love it, right?
Huh?
That's garbage also.
Well, Las Vegas is not a major metropolitan area.
It's only mushroomed up to a million people from an population in the last couple of years.
Outside of the LA Times and the New York Times.
Maybe the Washington Post.
I don't know if there's any good newspapers left.
So there are a few inquirers.
Do you want to fill it out for you inquirer?
Good paper.
Detroit Free Press.
Don't read that all over the place.
Toronto Sun, Best Paper in North America.
Which one?
Toronto Sun.
I'll have to get that.
You can sit and spend three hours reading the Toronto Sun.
Or if you just want to read the sports section an hour and a half.
Every day of your life.
Can I ask you a question on another topic?
Yes, sir.
Quickly.
I know you spent some years at other talk stations.
Did you find that you got more intelligent callers on a real pro station as opposed to a sports station?
No.
But no, I love sports.
No.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Have a great day, bye-bye.
No, because it's in the same market.
I mean, you know, I moved the whole audience over here.
Nice going there, Neil, by the way.
See, when Jicca wrote that column about renewing the other day,
even though we like Mike, he's okay.
He's never still afraid of him.
But in order to really be meaningful in the business, you have to be able to move.
If you're going to move from one station to another, you have to be able to move an audience.
Did he move his audience over to a taxi?
No.
Oh, by the way, why is he going to be broadcasting Matador games?
Ten of them starting January 15th.
Any interest?
No.
I just thought I'd mention that.
I'm surprised we didn't get him.
Even that's what Greg Reid came down before to tell us that we were going to do the Matador games.
We have an open line at Broward, five, six, seven, oh five.
Of course, he didn't stick around the after 30 seconds.
He had a real perplexed look on his face, too, didn't he?
He had kind of like that.
He was scratching his...
I thought the hole was up here.
It's moving.
Oh, that hole.
Here's the open lock here.
Hello.
No, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Quick spy report from Monday.
You were talking about Rick and Suds and how they virtually had the bank they could get their job back.
Yes.
Well, I get up at a three or three every on Tuesday mornings.
I heard their entire show.
And the first thing Rick Rally's plus was about what you were saying.
And he actually admitted that he was missing to your show in the way home.
And he was curious as to how you knew all that going on.
He left us to know him to guess.
That's for us to know him to guess.
We have our sources.
Yeah, but he didn't mention it.
And, um, but, eventually, it was the first thing I have is mouth that takes a cloth when there's a signal is next to nothing and nobody is listening anyway.
Yeah, well, maybe somebody ought to tell him that we might listen if he stopped talking about the stock market.
You can't tell me anything.
I didn't listen to this morning.
I will not be listening again.
Yeah, yeah.
Not if he's been here in Rick Rally pontificate about the show is expertise about the stock market.
Really?
I don't care about the stock market.
And you didn't listen to anybody else who listened to that show?
That's right.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
I just can't find myself to turn to doing the Rick and Suts in the morning for some reason.
I love the guys.
I mean, we wish them all the luck in the world, but better somebody else than us.
Okay, hint on right there now.
One other thing?
Yes.
Something that I thought you would have by now, but apparently you didn't have Book of Brian working on.
Good bye, Don.
Smiley.
How about that?
Okay.
All right.
Take it easy.
Okay.
We have an open line of Dave County 560.
560.
Pomp 560 on the mobile one line.
Nine minutes past noon at 560.
WQAN.
We love this.
Radio station, man.
We love it.
Yes, we do.
Come on.
Hey, Jackson cleared so far.
Took a little while to get your edges bonus, but did that check clear?
No.
Well, he's hanging on to it just to make sure he had a little time to breathe, you know.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Rick Riley stole my re-case.
I like the fart in his face.
That's Barbie Jake.
What gives him the right?
Oh, I think his wife won't apply it up to night.
Rick Riley stole my re-case.
What this trace to the human race?
Oh, it's your smuck.
Hey, Goldberg sucks.
That we love me should also include Rick Riley's butt.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Rick Riley stole my re-case.
Hey, stupid.
I like the fart in his face.
Hey, you know.
Rick Riley, you're an asshole.
But how's the market doing, baby?
1213 is 560 WQAN.
That's just part of an ongoing.
I could write a book just about him.
Forget about the suds.
Leave him alone.
But just about Rick.
It's called Hardass.
Anyway, so you just had a courtesy flush.
Let's hear it for George.
First time in his life.
He ever walked out of the turlis to take a leak.
And whoever was in there doing a serious business flushed the turlis there.
The kind of flush away.
Of course, I don't know if that works real well.
Does it?
I don't think that, well, better than not.
Better than not.
At least the gesture was nice.
The gesture was nice.
Of course, the role might still be lingering from whatever was in there only moments ago.
But nevertheless, at least the effort was there.
Thank you.
On behalf of George.
Maybe Adam should have done a little extra courtesy flush away out of there this morning.
Point.
No wonder he looked so up here.
The sales department's under a lot of pressure, ladies and gentlemen.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great show.
Get me through the day.
Uh-huh.
When I answer your question, first of all, does it anybody use air freshener in your joy?
Yeah, no.
Yeah, no.
Maybe.
To answer your question that you've been waiting for.
Although it'd be good when the other crowd gets over here from the Shardin Street building,
because I know certain people are going to be bringing their own cans of life's souls, so that'll be good.
I'm sure.
Long story short, people suck me.
Uh, there's no, like the judge, you had a caller earlier mentioned something about manners.
There's no more values anymore.
Well, what does that mean?
Nobody cares.
Why is that here?
Why is it that I don't encounter that anyplace else that I go?
Why is it here?
Well, it's just more down here than it is anywhere else.
Why?
I couldn't tell you.
There's too much ignorance.
I don't know.
Yeah.
But, uh, in any way, uh, great show.
Okay, thank you so much.
Okay, we have an open line of Broward, 567, 05, 60, Pomp.
They don't have the answer.
Maybe that's why.
What's wrong with me?
Am I some kind of a moron?
No.
Am I some kind of a jackass?
Uh-huh.
But that doesn't necessarily make me a moron.
Am I some kind of a dummy?
Here I am, you're right.
Okay, I just keep beating myself in the head with it.
I just keep picking up that goddamn pin roller, that pin thing, pin cushion, and sticking it over and over and over and just beat myself on the head with the same goddamn baseball bat.
I mean, how do I expect the people that are so dumb to behave the way that they're doing to call me and explain it away?
When I'm sure that they don't even realize they would they're in denial anyway.
I'm the one that's the odd man out.
I'm the one that's in there trying to watch a game.
I'm the one that appreciates when somebody puts out a good effort and I'm paying bucks to subsidize it or whatever.
Which I was, by the way, most of those years.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to answer your question also about the difference between the reaction and Ron Sanchez got in Pittsburgh and what we would have not here in Florida.
Well, in Miami, I'm from Pittsburgh.
I can hardly say you got a lot of hardworking data or appreciative.
And you just need that word yourself.
They appreciate somebody who goes out every night with a lot of work into practice.
You know, that 110 percent effort to accomplish a team effort and give the fans what they want.
Yeah.
Not here.
Everybody expects it.
They think they should have it.
They don't know what it's like to work hard for it.
They demand it.
They're going out and learning.
So they don't recognize that type of effort and work.
It goes into even a player or a goalie or accomplished profession.
That's my take on it.
Okay.
What do you think?
I think it's a great weekend.
We have an open line in Broward and Dave wherever the hell it is.
Somewhere on this goddamn phone, the board of ours, 5.6705.60 and 0.560 on the mobile one line.
This beef jerky is very good.
By the way, I'm sure it's not good for you though.
Eating a lot of this is a good for you.
Probably not.
A lot of nitrates.
I've got a lot of preservatives and it's very expensive, by the way.
That is what five bucks for.
Five bucks a little bag in Walgreens for this bridge fruit, natural style beef jerky, solid slices of smoked beef.
Maybe that's why I'm acting so jerky today.
Am I acting more jerky than usual today?
No.
I didn't think so.
Got very little carbohydrates, but let's see what the ingredients are.
Beef.
Oh.
Jesus Christ.
Did you read the ingredient on this?
No.
Beef.
Water.
So far so good.
Brown sugar.
White sugar.
Salt.
Flavoring.
MSG.
Soda and a retro bait.
What?
MSG.
Mm.
And sodium nitride just to cap it off.
If you didn't get cancer from the first couple of ingredients there, a little sodium nitride preservative there just to make sure at the end.
Jesus Christ.
I'm not going to eat that crap.
Five bucks a bag for a bag of chemicals.
Meat soaked in chemicals.
Nice going air wall green.
Oh.
No, don't play a minute.
They didn't make it.
They're just making money off it from suckers like us.
Yeah, walked in this morning.
George had also, we must be on the same wavelength.
He bought a bag of that crap last night.
I went to a green's butter bag of that.
Oh, God.
Slingshins were pretty worse than pretty sure.
They are.
I do like that.
But at least they taste good.
Oh, he likes lingshins.
This stuff.
This stuff is just something in your some meat in your mouth.
We have an open line in Dave County.
5667.0560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in coconut crea.
Hello.
Hello there.
Yes sir.
You better off eating the same as cookies than that.
You're right.
You're absolutely right.
At least they taste good anyway.
That's very good point.
I have a theory on what you were talking about.
The treatment of the bees or at all.
Yes.
Down here.
I liken it.
I'm originally from New York.
I've been at it at 26 years.
When I call it the New York factor.
A lot of people down here from New York.
And they only remember the short term.
They don't.
What do you do for me today?
Well, wait a minute.
How about the point is how about when Messier came back to New York?
And he's planning for Vancouver now.
And they gave him a standing ovation and a big ceremony.
And the very emotional thing.
And he scored a goal.
And they gave him a big cheer for that.
Well, those people understand hockey.
Oh.
OK.
I'm talking just in general.
People from New York don't appreciate anything.
They don't appreciate, you know, it's like, what have you done for me today?
But this is a hockey.
But it's exactly the same thing.
This is a guy who not only used to play here, but also played in New York for the Rangers.
He used to play here.
And he was everybody's to role, including the New Yorkers and the non-New Yorkers when he was here.
And he comes back and instead of getting a Messier-like reception.
Or if Ron Francis like reception.
A very at least half.
I'd say 60%.
And that's given me a gigantic course of booze and obscenities.
And our screaming and pooping and carrying on.
Because I really think because they really don't understand the game in addition to being on not just New Yorkers.
But you're not going to make any sense.
Have a great day, sir.
Have a great life.
This keeps repeating the same thing over and over again.
It's a New York.
It's not a New York thing.
If it was a New York thing, they wouldn't be doing a Messier thing up there and all the other stuff.
It just makes no sense.
We got plenty of obnoxious New Yorkers that came down here.
But don't blame them for everything, OK?
Open line at date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's my knee-b.
Chellow.
Neal.
Yes, sir.
Howdy.
Someone is my birthday.
Yeah, happy birthday.
Thank you.
I thought I'd get that, you know, happy birthday.
Well, you will, but I'm stalling for 24.
So think about two seconds, man. Just relax.
I'm 30.
Flack off a little bit, will you?
I'm 30.
I'm 30.
It's another one for you.
Like Bernie gets what say.
I just got one more.
I just got a birthday present from the Miami Beach police.
Yeah.
It gets to give me a ticket.
Congratulations, then.
Howdy, no, I should recharge.
Yeah, right.
You know, I started a sandwich shop and he out of there for like a minute.
Yeah.
And he just pulled up a Miami Heterization already.
I guess if you want to make it to 31, you won't be doing that again.
And I said, all right.
I said, hey, I should, I'm taking it to go.
You know, I'm, I'm doing it two seconds.
I need to take this to go.
You know what I did?
Yeah.
I ate it there.
Anyway.
Thank you, Larry Flint.
I hope you're doing a good job.
And the billions and billions to make fun of everybody else.
Okay, have a great day.
Put up this, the weed is the pot working today.
See an annual quick pot of up and see if it's, uh,
you're not even on the right channel.
He's watching some of the most important things.
Forget about some said beach.
We're not doing it just to be pejorative.
It's all by the way.
We will, we'll look at it at the time.
And those who didn't want to.
That's what we weren't looking at in those who were trying to come up with effective prejudice.
And they all looked at it in terms of the institution.
And Jeff, I just heard what you said.
Yes, there is a.
Of every possibility that partisanship can raise the tug we had again is possibility that could be a kimono and difficulties.
But we got off on the right.
What I thought that started this whole thing.
Somebody got it.
That's Gordon.
Gordon.
Appreciate that.
And I encourage us to continue.
And by John McCain and Joe Biden standing out there,
we do the rancid off of the race.
And overcoated with us.
To ask you.
Okay, you're killing.
Yeah, they're going to be.
They agreed to do something.
What we don't know, but who knows.
They just haven't killed each other yet.
They came out of that meeting and they said, okay, we'll proceed.
We have an open line in day five.
So I mean, you know, the rest of the country, they're not even watching it.
They don't want to know from it.
They've had enough of it.
They're assuming that it's going to go away and that they've already made their voices heard.
And, and they far bitziner the time delays.
And he's right wing lunatics that B.D. I little bastard from Florida.
All these maniacs.
They just keep pressing and pressing and pressing on like, hey, where relentless?
And you know, you know, we don't stop a lynching in the middle, man.
Nobody ever, a lynch mob never stopped doing it in the middle.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm sick and tired of you bad mountain Florida fans on 560.
Yeah.
This is our only sports network in the whole state.
I'm 560.
How about if I do it on 570?
How's that?
Yeah, just show it out your ass.
Okay.
Moron.
This is with the network.
Yeah, on our network here.
Two open lines.
And now this is the sports nerd network.
Two open lines in day five.
Six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one.
I'm Florida fans.
That's an oxy moron.
Sir, in your case without the oxy.
Here's the mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's about time you get off your high horse with this hockey stuff.
Okay, listen, I grew up in Florida.
I don't know that much about hockey.
So do I have to be some kind of hockey in for a story?
I want to know how many of you there's.
How about Dan Moreno?
How about that?
Okay, I like, I like football on baseball, but I don't expect everybody sitting around me
to know everything.
No, sir.
Let me say it again.
How about Dan Moreno?
How come they're always ripping in bad mild and him and don't appreciate what he's done here?
It's not just hockey.
It's not just football.
It's not just sports.
The fact is that the people here no matter what it is, they got no appreciation for anything.
We've only had hockey down here for the past few years.
Dan Moreno played there.
Dan Moreno played hockey.
Hockey.
There's Dan Moreno played hockey, sir.
I'm talking about that.
Yeah, blow it out your ass.
Can't even have a conversation because.
Yeah, that's all you know.
Right.
Open line in power.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And the fact is, no, you don't have to be an expert, but the only way you're going to learn anything about it is when you go there, watch what's going on.
And don't sit there in front of everybody's face making a fool out of yourself.
That would help.
And if not stay home at TV and get, stay home, watch it on TV and get drunk.
We'd appreciate that very much.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
OK, I can't speak for Dan Moreno's situation, but I could tell you a whole thing about Van Beesbrook.
Yes.
And you've said it a million, this is the easiest question you've ever asked before.
So where's the answer?
It's only two and a half hours later.
I'm waiting for an answer.
The answer is that the organization knows how stupid the fans are and they planted those articles in the paper.
Yeah, well, that part of us, too, yes.
They hate this guy.
Yeah.
They had a whole summer to plant hatred in that paper.
And these people are so stupid, they'd aid up that crap in the paper.
And when they went out to see him, when he came in filing with the flyer, it was time to boo his ass off.
So in other words, they aid up the crap.
Is that what you're saying?
Absolutely.
Well, maybe they like.
That could be it.
Hey, the 49 is 12.
OK.
That's what Steve Young says.
We have an open line in Broward, 5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the mobile one line.
He says it with a smile on his purse, by the way.
1225, of course, you know what he is, don't you?
He's a woman.
It's Friday, you four.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
All right.
It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Let it pass through.
Close it down.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It needs to rub it on my brain.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to dry clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket.
I said, dog, where?
I switched my Bb.
My legs, I said, dog, where?
I like to dance around this way.
All the loves quiet today, I said, dog, where?
I want to look for like a wolf.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it more by skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my PPI and it puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin so liberal like this.
I'm so grossed out by looking at the weight.
I'd be jerky that I feel a little jerky in my stomach.
I can't believe it.
This absolute pure unenreverated garbage in that stuff.
12.30 at 5.60 WQM, but thank you guys.
How about I set a nice banana split so I'm good?
Open line a day to a brownered cow.
You know the number 5.60, 7.05, 60.
Pound 5.60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami Shore.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is what I think about the fans down here.
It's a combination of things.
Number one, the fans down here since there were no major sports
other than the dolphins for many, many years.
And even before that, there was nothing.
A lot of the fans down here, they've looked at other fans from other cities.
And then after they become a real fan, they've taken like the worst trace of those fans.
I can't believe they did a study on it.
Well, this guy talks about New York fans.
There's a lot of people from New York, not just off in New York.
But a lot of good fans, knowledgeable fans up there.
And the point is,
Which the Ranger fans, by the way, are some of the best.
They pack that place every game.
They know the sport.
They appreciate a great performance.
They're great fans.
Right.
I mean, the Giant fans are good fans.
Jeff fans are the animals.
But the point is this.
And the Islander fans don't exist.
The point is that they've taken the, in an effort to become part of this frenzy and become fans and get into sports.
They've taken the wrong aspects of these fans.
Instead of studying, like you said,
learning a little bit about this sport.
Not, you know, not feces, but just, you know, reading a newspaper, maybe watching the games that are talking on the cell phone.
Reading a newspaper here, they'll never learn anything about it.
Down here, that's part of the problem.
But they've taken the worst aspects of these fans.
You have not just this, the no knowledge.
I hear today, you know, people talking about the dolphins are going to win.
They're going to kill them.
They're going to kill them for, I mean, they're going up to a place.
It's going to be 32 degrees.
Yeah, they got to, they got a real tough.
They're trying to make sure that they don't have any.
And then there are also people saying that they have no chance at all.
If that's the case, why play the game?
They beat them two weeks ago, even though it's going to be up there and much stuff.
Right.
But nevertheless, so who the hell knows, you know, I always love doing it in the sports shows and hearing these people calling it,
telling us, adamantly, they know the outcome of the game.
You know, that's great.
If they knew that, there was some money on the game and they wouldn't, you know, they'd be like people.
They know that big money would make.
They're calling the talk shows and they'd be calling their bookie, you got it.
So, you know, the point is, I'm just saying that there's been no real, I used to go to the heat games years ago.
It's a song, like glitter.
Yeah.
That's it.
I used to go to the heat games and I just got this gun to go with the game because people on the cell phones,
they were, you know, talking the cheek to cheek kisses, getting care about the game.
Same thing probably happens with the hockey.
Right.
It is now.
See, we didn't, we had very little of that in the Miami arena, but now with this more plastic crowd that we've got in the MAC to the National Car Electals Center,
and we got this real, real, super plastic crowd.
Now that's most of what we got.
They can LA crowd, you know, that can in the way you can.
Show up late, leave early, spend a lot of time on a cell phone, go in the hallways, lose, stand up in front of everybody,
make an ass out of yourself and go home, you know.
So, you know, you're not wrong, but it's very important.
But it's this hardening.
It is this hardening.
And you know, that's why, you know, points.
Yeah.
I love that song.
I mean, that's it's Pablo Thorke.
You know, let's get a picture of Gustav, that's it.
Well, you know, it closed.
I can't remember what it's hearing it.
Right, in closing, you know, you've been a fan of the least of the years.
You're honest.
The least of grades, you say they're great when they're allowed to.
Right.
And if you hear those types of people when they call up, if they're honest and they say,
look, this office is not going to be as good as shooting people.
But don't you understand?
It's like, you know, my penis is bigger than yours.
It's like a high school mentality.
And so, so many of the so-called sports fans, that are, oh, you know, the jets sock,
that office is great, or the other way around whatever it is.
As opposed to being able to objectively discuss it intelligently, if you've got a mediocre team,
it's like the Panthers this year.
I said right in the beginning, there are very mediocre team.
It's unlikely they'll make the playoffs.
And here we are 36 or seven games later.
There are very mediocre team.
It's highly unlikely they're going to make the playoffs.
I mean, it doesn't mean you're not a fan, but at least be honest about it.
Exactly.
You're in a fourth fan, you're honest, and you still enjoy going through the game.
Right.
You're going there with an open mouth.
Well, hopefully for the best, that's all.
That's all you can do.
All right.
Have a great weekend.
And back to you.
Well, there's finally, thank God, two hours and 30 minutes, and we finally got a call,
even from a New Yorker, no less, that made some sense.
Oh, less you, sir.
There is a guy that made some sense that has some kind of clue what I'm talking about.
Everything that goes on down here at Trans-Edits, it's from the same route, the same garbage.
You can't complain about the politics down here because there aren't any odds.
You got as a handful of old Julios that have taken over the whole goddamn town, indeed.
And they run the goddamn, showing everybody else's in La La Land, and they're busy trying to sell their houses as fast as possible.
And then they move to Brown, and they discover, oh, we got a little problem here, too.
Oh, then they go to the sawdress.
Oh, the sawdress.
Who the hell are these people, huh?
Then they go up to Boker, and they go, boy.
Here's where we're going, to a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
So, today, today, all these morons from New York, call and tell us about how great everything is up there,
and how everything sucks down here, huh?
That's all what they said.
Boys are nailers, boys are.
What?
Okay, how can people listen to this crap?
Meaning what?
Your show.
Well, let me ask you, what are you listening to?
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I'm listening to the jazz, listen.
Yeah, okay.
This guy's a psychic.
He's listening to jazz, but he knows what we're talking about.
Excellent, sir.
What was your show come on?
Here's a psychic for you.
He's not listening, but he could tell you every call, whatever you want to them said, but he's not listening.
And just while I'm talking, he punched the button there.
Oh, listen, I'm listening to jazz.
So, if you're listening to jazz, what do you call in here for?
Okay, professional malcontent?
And one New York guy that called in, I made a couple of good points there,
and right away, this guy's pissed off because everything in New York must suck.
I got news for him.
Everything in New York was so bad.
There wouldn't be 12 million people living there, okay?
Jack asked.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Give that guy's number out over there too, like the Julio yesterday.
Yeah.
Get everybody calling him.
No, we're going to give it.
We're going to give it to the people in New York.
They'll put it on here and then on the subway.
Yeah, no.
The guy from New York before made a couple of good points.
He made a lot of good points.
Yes, he did.
The other take I have on it, and I don't know how valid you think this is,
I find that the suburban arenas in general are lacking.
Like even in the New York area, like the Meso-Mozolium,
the Rundinburn.
Oh, right.
I'm telling you, the Devils got maybe the best team.
I like them in Dallas.
They have the two best teams in the league,
and the Devils don't draw flies.
You can go bowling in there.
Oh, my company's staff tickets, and it's really quiet.
But even now, even this year, with the great year they're having,
you can go bowling in that arena when the Devils are playing a home game
because, uh, forget it.
In fact, the only game I saw that it was packed, they were playing
arrangers a couple nights ago, and the place was packed
because half the fans were arranger fans.
Yeah, but when you have the, I think the downtown
or city arenas for some reason,
I don't know whether it's because it's less families
and more people coming straight from work,
and maybe getting a little jazzed up before the game,
stopping at bars.
I don't know what it is, but it seems the city arena is hold
a lot more electricity and enthusiasm.
Yeah.
So I'm gonna go tonight and go see some real hockey
at Miami Arena, take my kid to the Miami Madador.
There you go.
Okay, now have a great time.
Yeah.
Okay. They'll have a great time, because there'll be a lot of room.
And if somebody, you know, starts Meso-Mozolium,
you go to another section, you got your own section,
which is unfortunate, but I could have told,
I did tell them that in the beginning,
that I wished them a lot of luck, but you know, it's Miami.
Where we going?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
You only have to agree with you,
the way the fans treated them, these were close.
A disgrace.
It was a community disgrace.
Nobody really wrote anything about it.
Nobody on this sports station said anything about it.
I'm the only one that talks about it.
And now after seeing the Ron Francis ceremony,
I'll tell you another part of it.
I don't want to let people off the hook,
but part of it is the organization.
Not how could, like in Pittsburgh last night,
we were going to go out and go,
wait a minute.
The organization in Pittsburgh,
the PENGMA with all of our financial problems,
and all the other things they got on their mind,
they still had the common sense and the decency
to organize a little ceremony before the game
and to get the PA guy on there.
And to show something nice for Ron Francis,
like here's some highlights we appreciate.
Now, if they would have done the same thing here
before the game, you know what I'm saying?
And brought the B-0 over, and here's Scott Melody comes over,
and they would have been a nice thing,
and then you had a standing ovation,
and they would have orchestrated,
even if it was only a real nice warm thing,
which would have been a hell of a lot more pleasant.
But this organization is a bunch of hardasses.
Well, let me ask you,
don't you think a lot of it has to do with the loyalty now?
There is no loyalty to any teams or anything like that.
I mean, you know, you're there a couple of years, you're done.
So I think, you know, like I said,
if there was some kind of a base for Ron Francis,
and Pittsburgh from some years,
and the team has been around for a while here,
these people, you don't know.
But if you could have gone to all those games the first five years,
every time the guy makes a good save, a great save,
a decent speed, a decent speed.
These people were obsessed with him.
They lived, they ate, they breathed, they even,
right out of their rectum, man.
I mean, everything in their body,
well, every poor of their body was obsessed with him,
and the first time he comes back here,
a whole bunch of Marbuing and acting like Jackass.
And as well, those are people that were all getting drunk
before the game anyway,
and they'll still wear his jersey to the game.
Yeah, that's right.
You know, so, what was the other guy?
I had the number.
Okay, I have a great day, sir.
What am I getting all bent out of shape about?
The same, keep restating the obvious over and over.
I'm going to turn on jazz.
I'm going to turn on TMI.
Here's some classical music.
Because Scott Schwartz told me that's the best station in town.
He told me to be on the shadow of a dot.
Now, the GM over there.
He's an asshole.
That's what Scott said.
But other than that, he said that's places the best guy
damn radio station that money can't buy.
At WTMI.
See it even rhymes.
He said there are much of scumbags over there.
A bunch of pseudo-electules of a Sunday like Beethoven and Brahms and Bach.
He said they wouldn't know Bach from Bach's candies is what he said.
But at any rate,
is that what he said?
I think that's what he said.
Uh-huh.
He said that GM over there.
Do I want to screw him over?
He's an asshole.
That's what he said.
And Greg Reed came down here an hour and a half ago.
Must have been something desperately important because I was going to go
where the commercial breaks.
Did he ever come back?
No.
With that real star we're looking at.
Had that this shovel look again today, huh?
Must have been in some more intensive meetings today about getting the
madadors.
Maybe we lost out to the madadors on Waxi.
Maybe that's why he looked all depressed about.
They don't have enough sports franchises in the universe to make that man happy.
That's how sports intensive he is.
He wants sports on this station 25 hours a day.
Eight days a week.
New.
Yeah.
Hey, yo, this is Gino.
And you may not believe it.
But just a short time ago I was shy and introverted.
But that was before I got the Joe Pashy.
What are you?
Some kind of pussy self improvement.
Hey, I mean, I used to let people push me around.
But now I'm in control of every situation.
Like just yesterday, I was online at the bank, you know, in the past.
I would have just patiently waited for the manager to put on extra talent.
But now I astight myself.
Hey, I'm not getting any younger waiting here.
You know what I mean?
Let's get a little f**king service.
It would be appreciated.
But I'm being by the boom.
I'm in the front of the commercial talent line.
I always wanted to be in the music business.
You know what I'm saying?
By using the technique taught in the Joe Pashy.
What are you some kind of pussy tapes?
I am now the director of the New York f**king film harmonics for crying out loud.
So I gave a copy to my honey Angie.
Tell the people, Angel.
Before I started with the tissue self improvement course,
I was never saying anything relating to front and rear,
catching a check in the express line.
Now it's totally different.
Yeah, she really gave this bimbo a thing or two, you know what I mean?
Hey, can't you see I'm talking to you?
Yeah, but I was telling a story.
Yeah, I think I'm funny at something.
I order what are you some kind of pussy called 1-800-222-HOOD.
That's 1-800-222-HOOD.
And have your f**king credit card ready.
I mean it.
Are you laughing at me?
Is that what I'm here to do?
A 45.
So anyway, somebody f**ks me.
They always know better than I do.
Okay, they're always real smart.
They f**ks me the label from the Tyson D strips that I've been raping about that.
I mean like crazy.
And it says, good, but is this any better?
And shows the label with only one gram of car per serving.
And I'm reading the ingredients, which I've already read the ingredients by the way.
Is there any MSG in it?
No.
No, is there any brown sugar?
No.
I mean, there's a little bit of a way down the list.
High-forked-host corn syrup.
But if there was a lot of it, there would certainly be a lot more than a sugar as one gram, which is almost nothing.
One gram of carb.
Is there any sodium nitrite?
No.
I mean, the list of ingredients on here is a thousand times better than those God-Dame, the Herky Jerky beef jerky strips that I've.
So you see, Ron Popeel's got a point.
You're one of those God-Dame hydrators and make your own God-Dame jerky, all right?
In fact, if you're, you know, you really want to make him flavorful, make your own jerky sauce.
And then if you have any leftover, you can stick it on that flan.
And make it nice and slippery.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I just wanted to tell you to know there is another fan out here in Miami.
I followed the dogs and the panties and the eats and the marlins.
Uh-huh.
Me and my three friends were faithfully fatal to the end.
We share the team.
Not, we don't move.
And I agree with everything you're saying about the fans down here.
They sometimes make me want to cry.
Exactly.
It's very sad.
Okay.
I'm from Pennsylvania, originally, and up there they know how to be fans.
They know how to boo and filly.
No, not filly.
I used to follow the semi-prover she bears.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So that goes back to the semi-pro.
Well, they're the minor league.
Minor league.
The American Hockey League.
Herfie bears.
Right.
But I mean, back then, you know, people hearing them out of what?
Back then people were people.
People were people.
Fans were fans.
Right.
Okay, have a great weekend.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
What you say?
We have an open line at date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
She said those Tyson strips are pretty goddamn good.
And I'll be sending me some immersive facts.
They're trying to give me a song of the dance about.
And then Georgia's telling me to do the break.
How much he likes MSG.
A lot.
Well, then get yourself a bi- container of that accent.
Because that's all it is is pure MSG.
I'll eat it by this spoonful.
Not but you will.
And they'll be dragging your spic ass right off the floor.
I'll tell you that right now.
He probably even pours accent on his-
I'll cook you a little bit of those things.
What are they?
Chicharrones.
Yeah, a little bit of Chicharrones.
That sounds good.
Yeah, Chicharrones loaded with accent.
Which is pure MSG.
And believe me, you don't get MSG headaches because MSG is good for you.
I'll require a little bit of that song.
MSG is good for you.
Whatever that thing goes.
Stick to the beer is good for you.
Rick, and forget the stock market report.
So, okay, sweetheart.
Just a little friendly advice.
I won't know if you don't know because I won't be listening.
Boy, you talk about turning somebody off like in a real hurry.
I mean, just-
I even listened to the worst team coming to work this morning.
How do you like that?
Hi!
Wow.
I forgot my CDs in the car.
And I just wasn't in the mood for the sounds of silence for like the whole 40 minutes.
So I listened to the-
And it's quite interesting this morning until Gelly started talking.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Great.
Hey, how's that rich to it?
I have no idea.
I haven't heard another word.
I'm feeling okay.
Before I tell you why-
I mean, Frank.
About a year ago, I met him.
And his girlfriend or his wife, the girl with the lady with a blonde hair that's up to her ankles.
And-
Oh, she just drove me nuts, man.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
But, you know, he told me-
Oh, because I was throwing cards at times.
That-
Another fake story about that rich, yeah.
Yeah, that you're actually there.
Yeah, another fake story about that rich.
We have an open line in the day.
But he's trying so hard to keep making it up.
The nervous, the nervous throw while he's trying to come up with something.
It was seemed to me you had made the story up before you called, okay?
It would have been a lot better.
And we-
We wasted a lot less time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
New Ohio.
Okay, sir.
It's from Amsterdam.
It's what?
It's from Amsterdam.
It's from Amsterdam, yes.
How are you?
Okay.
I can go back.
It's 16 cells.
There's people sitting on the terrace drinking-
and beer juice.
Drinking what?
Beer.
They're having spilkeys?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Lizzy, and I-
Have you been-
Is this the guy that's going to be sitting across from me on the plane?
No, no.
Lizzy, another one.
Oh, okay.
I live here.
And I just want to say I am from Holland, you live 15 years.
I live here.
I support the teams here.
Why would you-
Why would you be from Holland and live here?
Did they deport you or something?
No, no.
I am a great city to live.
You get the sun, you get the beach, you get the women or men, whatever you like.
I mean, they go once in a while back to Holland and have some fun in the-
on the likes of Lyme.
And, you know, it's a great place to be.
You can make-
You know, to make good business here.
I want everything in your hands at tight.
Mm-hmm.
And, in some words, you imported a lot of drugs.
Is what you're trying to say.
I know you're not going to say that out of here.
I want the one-
I want the one who called the-
I want the Columbia.
I want the Columbia.
Yeah.
This is the guy who goes to Columbia, goes to Amsterdam and speaks a lot of drugs back in.
He's making a good living.
Nice going to-
What's wrong with that?
Right.
Anyway, yeah.
I called capitalism, that's right.
Right.
I said to have a great weekend.
We have two open lines in day.
5-6-7-0, 5-60 and Tom 5-60 on the mobile one.
I said, I still believe.
And, I still don't know what it means.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah.
Two reason why Florida will never be a sports town.
Yes, sir.
Number one.
Number one.
Uh, too many fake wannabe go there for a status symbol.
Everybody wants to go to the game and show everybody, hey, I'm in a Panther game.
I'm-
I'm important.
I'm somebody.
If you'll want to be in a game, look at me.
I'm here.
Maybe that's why they like that big screen up there.
Oh, look at me.
You see there, I am.
I'm here.
That's me.
Exactly.
Didn't you see me at the game?
I was the one, you know, standing up in front of Niel with three kids.
Right.
Exactly.
That's reason number one.
Number two.
There's too much going on in Florida using, um, I love the sports down here.
But when you talk about New York, or Green City, it's cool that they've got nothing to do
during the winter.
New Yorker's nothing going on in New York.
Okay, excellent call.
Thank you, sir.
That's right.
Never thought about that.
Do you think about that, George?
There's nothing going on in New York.
We were bored out of our minds.
Yeah, okay.
We have an open line.
And it's like, you know, in Vegas.
That's why they, you know, don't have all the big sports teams out there.
They got a little minor league hockey team.
But, you know, there's nothing going on out there.
5'6'7'5'60, 0.5'60 on the mobile one line.
Oh, God.
There is so much going on here.
Isn't there?
No.
Here's Davy.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, what's up, Neil?
How you doing?
You were talking about all the bad people in South Florida.
Well, I got one selected group that you haven't brought up.
How about those yee haw red necks from Davy?
What do we do about them?
I think we need to get a tall tree in a short piece of rope for their ass.
Yeah, sure.
How about that shoestring that the guy had on 48 hours last night?
Hey, that'll work.
That'll work.
Okay, go work on it.
We have an open line in Dave Wattlandenbroward.
5'6'7'.
That's called trying to, you know, squeeze through on a shoestring.
And didn't work out for that guy.
Thank God that they got the goddamn shoelace, man.
And they put this guy away for 20 to 40 years, whatever we got.
Mass murder.
They're going to let him out, you know, and we got the cheerful parents.
Oh, well, you never stole a freight train and we sure he's already formed.
And you could tell just by looking at this guy that they was several bricks short.
And just waiting to come out and, you know, butcher up a bunch of people again.
I didn't see the first 20 minutes, so I didn't see the part about.
They were at Michigan State.
The girls that he killed.
Well, I think they should give him like 400.
I mean, if they would have been an arbor, then it would have been a different story.
But in East Lansing, I said we give him four to 600 years is what we do.
Here's Voka.
Hello.
So, and they all, you and Hag were right a couple of years ago when you said this at Bushleague Town.
Yeah.
And I think by the way, like 23 years ago, when I said it the first week that I was here, yes.
You guys have said it all along.
I think one of the reasons that, like, the visa was treated the way it was is that a major league town has like sports, I'm sorry, I haven't called.
It's okay.
It's major league town has good sports writers and they talk about the sport in here.
They try to create rivalries and they can drive the rival around.
So, what they're doing is that when all those articles about the visa when he left, they didn't say hey, this is a great guy and we owe him something.
They said, oh, he was his contract.
Yeah, he was the one that stirred up all the trouble and he was a bad guy and that's why the team stunk.
And of course, that's why the team stunk.
How come the team still stinks and he's not here anymore.
That's what everybody ought to be asking.
Well, people with minds asked that but the people that read the article say, oh, the visa sucks and so they boom.
That's why he shut out the arm is last night again.
That's why his team is 12 games and not the other one.
He's also, as of last night, he's 12 undefeated games and his last 12 was the first time in his whole career.
He's been there.
But another thing I mentioned, I thought of you, which I know you've been there, was that your favorite place.
How's okay?
It's your beats here.
When Beat Rose, they do have good sportswriters and they're brutal but they're good.
When Beat Rose was with Cincinnati, they used to boom when he came to Philly.
Then he got traded.
His reagent for that billion bucks.
And after he displayed his all out, whatever it was he did, after he left and came back again with Cincinnati.
Yeah.
Those people, they cheer him.
They, this is what fans are about.
You have your show, your talent.
You don't listen or like the sportswriters, you don't pay attention to what they're trying to contrive.
It's a, I think that's the point.
I think we got to the bottom of it.
We got people that don't only think about it.
And so they're very easily manipulated by people who have an agenda who want to try to make other people scapegoats for their own failures.
Because it's a lot easier when somebody else is gone to blame them and to take the blame yourself and get your aspired like the Murray Boys.
And they'll be out of here.
It'll be another year or two.
Hopefully just one and they'll be out of here because they both suck.
We have an open line of day one and powered five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Mobile in the Gables.
Hello, new.
Yes, sir.
The operational one.
And you're on the show.
You asked a question.
Let me feel about that real quick.
I didn't feel about the NBA coming back now.
I couldn't care less.
Okay, we have two open lines in date five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one.
In fact, I do care.
I'm very depressed that they're coming back because it was nice and peaceful without it.
Everybody was getting along.
Everybody's having a great time.
Life was a lot more pleasant as a matter of fact.
They took a survey and 99% of America said life was much more livable without the NBA.
So I think that's the answer to your question.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Your buddy from section 128.
I haven't been down to see yet, but one of these nights I get down there.
I want to relate to 40 to have it not be used that hurricane game at the Caroline Hurricane.
I stood on the aisle.
If I grant a piece for season tickets, I got a guy in his girlfriend.
No, no, wait a minute.
You mean 128 in the new arena?
Yes.
The guy that's got the small seats in the corner.
No, no, they're not that small.
Oh, okay.
I thought maybe this was the guy that came and complained to me about every damn thing in the arena.
I thought it wasn't me.
It wasn't me.
I haven't been down there yet to see him.
This guy and his girlfriend are there sitting in the middle of the aisle.
She will come over and she said he comes to me and asks me to switch seats with him.
So he can have my aisle seats so she could go running to the bathroom.
Yeah.
You know what I tell him?
No.
Okay, thanks for the good story.
What do you say?
Do you have any idea what he said?
No.
I don't either.
I think we're probably just better off.
We have an open line in Broward all 500 and date or wide open waiting on you.
560.560 on a mobile one on if we got any insight into this today.
No.
Have we learned anything?
No.
Have we like shed any light on any of these pressing problems about the social and economic difficulties and so forth?
No.
No.
560.560 on the mobile one line.
Proffedty 7 at 560 WQAM.
Hey, but heads.
It's the one to do our.
Watch out you idiot.
Yes.
And you believe that jerk?
Gosh, Dan, Dan.
You seem a little tense.
Yeah, I haven't snapped at people all day.
Maybe it's my ton of the month.
Me too.
You know, I've been cranky retaining water.
And look, where are these white gloves?
I know what you mean.
Every 28 days I get this in space of all craving to buy a banjo.
And a corn cob pipe?
Yeah.
Well, Dan, it looks like there's only one thing to do, sir.
And was that, Dan, Mr. Andrew Lockhart?
No.
I was the one who did that.
I was the one who did that.
I was the one who did that.
Oh, wait.
Oh, wait.
These two men are suffering from pre-Ninstrel Sundraub.
Beware the water signs.
If your husband ever comes home with a tambourine or a banjo pick and insists on calling you Mr.
Bones, hide the shoe polish and call your family doctor immediately.
Oh, I'll tell me that, Mr. Bones.
Yes, sir.
I'm a sea of lockers.
Oh, well, that woman I saw, you were, Blavna.
Oh, there was no woman.
There was Martina Nabbottalova.
No, it's not very funny.
And there is no cure.
So when it happens to the man in your life, try to understand.
Pre-Minister Sundraub.
So, anyway, there's time to actually let the thread out there on CNN.
And they're going to be starting the impeachment session to start any moment now in the Senate.
They're going to be starting the session.
And they came to an agreement on the God-Owner's One.
I just listened to her last three minutes here, but then describing Trent Lauderds going like this.
And maybe they'll be witnesses.
Maybe they won't be witnesses.
And we're not proceeding this, they'll be witnesses.
But they're not necessarily going to be witnesses.
And if there are witnesses who are going to be and what are they going to say.
And if it's through salacious, and if she's ticked at the garden, is a...
...and her or whatever.
And that's what they're hucking and trying to come out.
As opposed to think, let's just sit down.
Let's vote if we don't have 67 senators in favor of either one of the impeachment articles.
Let's just say goodbye, go home.
If you want to do a censure thing on top of it, we'll do that next week or whatever.
And then get out with life already.
They just can't do that because they all feel are so important.
Like God, they're in RENQUIST there yesterday with a big robes on with us.
By the way, you notice how they photographed it very carefully.
So we didn't see the little swastikers in the corners on each elbow.
You notice that?
And we only saw the golden stuff there on the Golden Ribbons or whatever it was on the sleeves.
Didn't see the swastikers on the shoulders.
William RENQUIST, never met a Nazi he didn't like.
Fashes son of a bitch.
Okay, all three day lines who opened 5, 6, 7, or a pump up candy there for seconds.
Something already did by the way, look at her.
The time tables of the two plans, how much time they wanted to give each side.
And the order of all of that are in fact, they were in great agreement.
So all they had to worry about was the witnesses and they decided to kind of put that off until later.
The left of the person heard some of this to see if the witnesses are necessary.
Now, having said that, there was a general consensus in fact that they all kind of know where they're going.
Yeah, the hell on the handbag.
How they're going to get there because they thought it would hurt the center back.
I think there was a very real sense that they would look bad if they started this out on some kind of partisan steps.
They would look bad.
Okay, kill it.
Okay, that's all we need to hear.
They're worried about what they look bad.
Not whether we do what is obviously needs to be done, but they're considered about whether they look bad.
Because it continues to be all politics, nothing but politics, but the Senate generally less contentious and supposedly more goody two shoes than the house, et cetera and so on.
So they want to continue giving that impression because they haven't got a chairman's idea of what's going on there.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm on my way back to New York and I've been listening to your show and like far you have a lame audience.
Yes, you can say that again.
They understand the poor thing.
Great show of a lame audience.
They don't understand anything.
They needn't interpret.
You understand that it's for a reason interpreter.
They just don't know sports again.
They don't know anything.
They don't know sports.
They eat their consistent.
They don't know politics.
They don't know anything.
Well, it's fine.
I'd say you're okay.
Okay.
And you know, I'd listen to you anytime in the Fort Lauderdale area.
Well, God bless you.
Take care now.
And have a great life in Zagasund.
And get out of here.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward to and date.
I'm all right.
Not too good, but I'm okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Frank says that was going,
Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap,
and don't put him on because he is a real nerd.
He's a real,
a genuine, a good pilot.
Frank says no one.
CNN.
Watch out for him, man.
I'll tell you one thing.
He'd like to pull the switch on.
I'll tell you that right now.
You can tell which one,
I'm not talking about the commentators, you know,
like the Pat Buchanan's or Bob Novak's
or the liberal guys like Alan Dershowitz.
I'm talking about these people,
supposedly reporters like Frank says no.
You can tell which ones are like a little bit more moderate
and which ones would like a five-bubb's ass in Greece.
Or maybe even in Turkey.
Here's a mobile-in-port Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I guess the Rangers are decided to not going to make a playoffs this year.
I read and saw me at the end last night that they sent me.
That's sticking them down to the miners.
Yeah, well, maybe they decided they wanted to make the playoffs.
Maybe that's why they did that.
Oh, no.
Easy, easy.
He sucks.
He sucks is what are you writing?
I agree.
I'll be reading that.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, there you go.
Here's a guy with no material.
We have an open line that did one and powered five, six, seven,
oh, five, six, eight.
Maybe they got territory to pay them all that money to skate around like a,
like, like, moosey, okay?
Moosey.
Hey, here goes moosey.
He's skating around in circles again.
Moosey.
Moosey.
What was I glad they dumped his ass out of here, huh?
Here's a mobile-in-port Lauderdale.
Mobile-in-port Lauderdale.
Going once.
Long gone.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight,
pound, five, six, eight, eight, eight, and eight.
Here's a pig report in four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We've got a big time pig report on the track bike.
Yeah.
In between the stunner eyes and commercials.
She got a, she got her things set up on the tripod and her gun, too.
She's waving her thing, yeah.
We have an agent that's pulling her murder left and right.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
Yes, sir.
God bless you.
There you go.
Four warned is four armed.
Okay, watch out for the porkers.
On the turnpikes.
stunner eyes to commercial.
Maybe they're a brightened business.
Well, let's see if they have to January that figure.
Must be because it's getting close to the end of the month.
Where we going?
Let's do this.
And all there is, there's Wolfgang Blitzer.
But the baby, keep him out there.
Okay, keep him out there in a goddamn snow.
Maybe he'll freeze to death.
Never seen him in Heinrich Himmler together.
No.
Here's a mobile-in Miami.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
It's your old friend, Moishi.
Moishi?
Moishi Puppet.
Yeah.
From the kitchen clothes.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, Jesus.
Didn't you guys ever get a life?
I haven't been here in about 10 years, man.
Thank God.
No wonder I've been doing so well.
I'm all excited.
About what?
About talking to you.
Yeah.
Well, obviously that answers my question.
You still haven't found a life.
Joey from Sarik, you're still wrestling with himself.
Yeah, but he is.
How's everything?
Everything is great.
In fact, since you guys left, it's been picking up real good.
Oh, yeah.
I haven't seen you on the kitchen club lately.
No, I don't even know.
Yeah, great.
I hope you hang out there a lot.
I'll talk to you.
How high?
It's still there.
You wouldn't know.
Okay, I have a great life.
You know, that group, that little little tree,
they created so many problems for me with their bullcrap there.
That's what precipitated that whole business, by the way.
You don't understand that.
You do realize that?
Yes, I do.
Yeah, in that great.
Kitchen club.
Which I have, I wouldn't know the kitchen club from the God damn store club, okay?
They're just having to be a public parking lot there.
But all of a sudden, these people that listen to their little antennas,
oh, he's hanging around his cruising around there.
Was I cruising around here?
No.
Even though I was thinking where the God damn place was.
And all of a sudden, hey, let's, you know, you jackass.
But they did bring my soup one day and they still are assholes.
Oh, two open lines in day five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
and pound five, 60, under 18 T wireless.
I was, I'm afraid to call by the way we're going to start stalking him now.
We're going to like turn it around.
Jackass.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to talk about how people are rude down here.
Yes.
The reason I believe that is you have multiple cultures down here.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah.
Okay, we have an open line in the Broward to a date, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
Okay, that's our pool question.
What's better?
Multiple cultures or multiple organisms?
That's our question this hour.
Yeah, that's very unique.
Isn't it multiple cultures?
No.
No, it's not.
Okay, go to a real city.
Okay, go to any real city in the world.
Lots of multiple cultures and it's not the same crap.
But you don't understand that.
Maybe get on a bus and go somewhere.
Okay, like a Jupiter?
Nine minutes after one at five, 60, WQM.
A great way to sample next to squizzards is to join them at the annual Miami Big Smoke hosted by Cigarfish Yonato.
It's coming up on Tuesday, this Tuesday from January 12th.
What is it?
I'm in coherent.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
I can't take too much butter.
It shoots right out my ass.
Pepper and paprika.
Blue me to the cat.
I can't take too much butter.
I can't take it at all.
My ass burns from all that's dropped.
And especially sorbets all over.
I'm a little crumple.
I want to know that I'm a little crumple.
I can't take too much butter.
It goes through me too fast.
And three times my genius.
I have two jay five.
But anyway, where you should at is one thirty to five sixty WQM.
We got t-shirts coming, baby.
All right.
Maybe somebody will actually have some equipment for the poor bastards in the sports department.
But I doubt that.
Now you're getting really carried away.
I'm going to have to go to the gym.
I'm going to have to go to the gym.
But we got QM t-shirts.
We're going to have this year.
I mean like real ones.
We're getting really fancy.
Smancy here.
You give them one up time.
You give them like forty or fifty years.
We'll have a guy that promotional budget in this place.
Maybe even a bumper sticker.
Well, now you're getting carried away.
I know.
Maybe like a button.
No.
A pin.
Oh, maybe something better than those ghost and eel pictures.
No.
Two open lines in Dave County.
Five, six, seven.
Oh, maybe a billboard would be.
No.
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
No, I'm sure of that.
How about a sandwich board?
Somebody I'm linking with a sandwich board?
No.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pump, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We've solved all the problems that's off-board in the day.
The beazer feels better about it.
I feel better about it.
No.
The whole goddamn town feels better about it.
That lady is going back to New York.
God bless her.
Yeah, we had one call it made sense today.
It's not bad.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
I was just calling in fact about the beazer.
Yeah.
I've been a flyer fan for years.
And I'm like proud to have the guy.
Yeah, you ought to be.
I am.
I'm a kick an ass, man.
I know he's a...
They don't want to give him too much of a chance up there.
They were trying to boom out of town the first month.
But all of a sudden he finally settled in and settled down.
And he's kicking ass and shutting everybody out.
They're winning game after game after game after game after game.
And last night played a phenomenal game by the way,
because I saw much of it.
He's in good company with Hexthol. Hex, he's a cool guy.
Yeah, well Hexthol.
Yeah.
Well, the other thing is the fans down here.
Yeah.
I'm from PA.
So I've always been a dolphin fan ever since they started out.
I moved on here and I have never seen such a group of complainers and bitchers in my life.
Yeah.
And that's just the way they are.
When they're winning, my amy's the greatest team in the world.
When they're losing, they can't take it.
Well, even these dolphin fans, I'm listening this morning and they're all...
You know, everybody in their brother, maybe one or two exceptions.
Everybody, wow, we haven't got any chance.
And there's no way we're going to be Denver up there.
And it's cold in the altitude and of this.
And I mean, you know, what's the point in playing if you're going to have such a defeated fan of dude?
Sure, it's really going to be a tough assignment.
But, you know, I'll give him a little enthusiasm for Christ's sake.
Right.
I think the good of the fans...
People are doing their just waiting for you to fail.
That's the soft Lord of Mentalities.
It's not so much that they want you to succeed so they can be a part of it.
They're waiting for you to fail so they can say, you suck.
You know, that's their deal.
The other thing is, I think one thing I do say is I think Haysanga.
And I think the people down here are all deal.
He's an asshole.
He's a real asshole.
He's a piece of crap.
But you know something, maybe it was a marriage made in heaven.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Maybe it was a good fit.
Honestly, God yeah.
Okay, pal.
All right, but have a great weekend.
You too.
Did he say that Wayne is an asshole?
Is that what he said?
I wonder what very jag-ass would think if we said Wayne is an asshole.
A asshole, asshole.
That way my fingers touch an asshole.
How serious, a very jackass.
He's the epitome of this town right there.
I'm glad that he's writing in the Harold everyday those insipid idiotic columns of his.
Because he's perfect for this town.
He is what's wrong with South Florida.
I mean, he's not the only thing, but he epitomizes it.
He is the perfect example of what's wrong with this town.
Bush League, that was nothing.
You know, always restates the obvious and there are steals it from somebody else long after they've said it.
Like Hank will come out and say something like when the Marlon business was going on with the sale of the team.
And then two or three days later, burial right in an article like he just discovered it and correct all the other mis-
You know, incorrect stuff that he wrote the two, three weeks before day after day, including on a front page of the front section of the newspaper.
Bogus, Bush League, and you just have to sit back and accept it and take the check every week.
Okay, thank you.
Check it out every week. That's all accounts. Don't get yourself all worked up over it because it's not worth it.
Go out to the Sawgrass Mills Mall out there today. Come on, Neil.
You'll have a great time.
Huh? Got some friends out there at Books and Millions. They like me there.
Stop in the Freddie's Jewelers. They like me.
Who else? Wolf camera. They love me at Wolf. That's one of our sponsors.
They are obsessed with me at Wolf camera.
See there are some places where they actually speak English in the Sawgrass, where I'm a big superstar.
Now you're going to the JC Penny outlet. What do they call that place?
The Outlet Store. Is that what it is?
Factory Outlet Store, yeah. Whatever it is.
And you know, it's an okay place like to buy underwear, is not there?
Socks. Of course I don't wear socks.
Two open lines in Dave County, 5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See if you go into the main part of the mall. It's all people wrote speak English.
And then you go into those some of those outlets that are kind of like adjacent and it's mostly Schwarches.
But that's okay.
I don't mind shopping with his all Schwarches, except in the Windixie over here.
I will not go into that store because they stand out to say that one time I drove by there thinking about going in.
And there were a couple of guys stood out there with a real dirty look.
And I said, okay, have a nice day.
What do you laugh at about this?
It's not a laughing matter.
They said, hey, hockey. This is a you know, our store.
In fact, there's a slider. It's as hockey if you need a Rogers.
Here's a lady in polite. Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I have a very small offering for you. Did you know that Trent Lat is a former Ole Miss cheerleader?
No. A cheerleader.
I think that's so hilarious.
Oh, I think you ought to have his pom-poms on in there in a set.
It would be perfect.
He is. I think I create a photo picture in your mind.
Probably a closet case.
Yeah, New York men's nerdy is a former cheerleader.
I can just see him fall down.
Like George says that ordinarily, heterosexual men, real heterosexuals are not concerned with about when anybody else is doing.
I'm not saying he's gay.
No, but he's interested in you.
He was perky.
Uh-huh.
Okay, Neil, I love you.
Well, maybe happy in gay.
Happy. Well, yeah, that's okay.
Okay, have a great weekend.
Bye.
Trent Lat as a cheerleader.
No.
Yes.
No.
Open-line is Broward, all three and dead.
Come on, let's go.
Let's see some enthusiasm here this last hour.
So I leave here at the end of the first week of the year.
What a smile on my pose instead of failing.
Oh, geez, here we go again.
Another week in hell.
Another week of Dredgery and Dredgery.
Let's see a little bit of goddamn enthusiasm out of this town for once.
Even if they have to fake it like an orgasm.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless live.
Look at all the good stuff that we've solved this week.
Yesterday we solved all the problems.
We got black people stop calling themselves African-Americans because there is no such
goddamn thing.
Leave it to me to finally tell them, hey, guess what?
You don't have to use all these hyphenated words because there is no such damn thing.
How about just person?
I be a person.
That's good.
I be a people.
Isn't that how the pleasure of allegiance?
I be the people, how's that go?
Come on, dead county.
Let's go.
We got three open lines there.
I'm going to get these lines filled up.
I might not take any.
I just want to get them filled up so that I feel better about this goddamn place.
Is it raining out?
Better not be raining.
Let me look out the window.
It's raining.
It's not raining out.
It was.
See, when you're stuck in this town, it's supposed to be sunny and very mild all the time.
Like the last few days in two-godden cold and we had a lot of rain, it's supposed to be
nice here this time.
The earth's been wintered and they'd tell anybody about that.
Probably Ryan Norcross's fault, that little twit, that little whatever he is, Packer.
Dave County's open, maybe 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Look at these three lines.
I'm not going to sit back here and be satisfied with three open lines in Dave County.
Come on, all you sticks out there in Dave County.
Let's get with it.
Maybe you might have something to say, besides medical and medical and medical.
Come on, come up with some real material, okay?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Boy, have they ever let us down, huh?
Have let us down at the Speck community in Dave County.
They're the ones that have abandoned this goddamn show.
Even when we did the thing down there in Kennel at Appearance at Borders.
About a half a dozen guys came in disguise and dragged over coats out because they don't want anybody to see they were coming in for my stuff.
Because if you listen to the Orogra show, it makes you gay.
But if you're Cuban, you're already gay.
So what there was to make.
My favorite was the guy that wanted to come see you and his girlfriend kept trying to drag him over and he was like,
Oh no, no, no, no, no, she's like, come on.
You didn't see it.
No, it was happening like in Kennel.
A few hours away.
Yeah, in Kennel.
The guy's like, no, no, no, no, he can't do it.
And she's like, come on, don't be a pussy.
What did he look like?
Was he cute?
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
And again, that's why he just walked over.
Yeah, like, what am I going to do?
Am I going to like squeeze it right there while all depends?
And talk about it.
And I don't see that's the interesting part.
I'm supposed to be the faggot and these guys act like a bunch of pussy.
That's the amazing part.
No balls whatsoever.
Well, my husband's over there.
He's afraid to come say hello to you.
I get the, no, seriously, I get the edit of the games.
Women will come say, oh, my husband.
And I take a look.
And I mean, this guy, I mean, some ugly, crusty old fart who smells like that woman in the library and Boka.
And I always say, hey, listen, don't worry.
I can smell him over here.
Doesn't that have to come any closer?
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I moved down here from New York to 10 years ago.
Yes, sir.
And I got to tell you, I think you're a very vindictive of not just person.
Yeah.
And you're just striking up your act.
Actually, straighten up my act, huh?
That sounds like it.
What is it?
Oh, before you kick me out, well, why don't you go back to New York ass hole, okay?
Before you kick me out of here.
You and what army?
Okay, you and look up, Bratsey.
We have an open line and day one in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT.
I should straighten up my act.
In other words, he's going to keep listening every day, even though he doesn't like the show.
And I'm an asshole.
He's going to listen every day.
Again, there's that mentality again, until I do what pleases him.
Well, guess what?
You can go like the dog barking at the moon.
You can sit there barking at your radio, okay?
Every guy named Dave, your life, and nothing is going to change on this show, okay?
I'm still going to be obnoxious and vindictive.
And you can go talk to him.
What you can do.
How are you vindictive?
Ask him, I don't know, call him up.
Do you know, call return on it, guys.
I'm asshole.
How come there's so many assholes in Boka?
You know what?
We get more goddamn jerks that call this show from Boka and Blanton Beach, those two places,
then you can shake your magic wand at.
Something very seriously wrong up there in Boka.
Maybe too much bad deli, okay?
Maybe too much stale kishki.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
There's too much closet space in Boka.
That's the problem.
Yeah, well, that's obviously full.
Hey, I want to take me and the other guy that came out to send the dolphins off to get important.
Oh, two of you, huh?
Yeah, 1216, maybe it was beautiful.
I mean, I like that.
What a great town this is.
Two people went out there to send the dolphins off to Denver and wishing the best.
That's it.
You know something?
I don't really care.
You know, I don't follow much anymore.
I hope just to prove what a bunch of assholes these people are.
I hope the dolphins kick the crap out of Denver tomorrow.
Yeah, baby.
Now you talk to me.
Well, just to show these people, all these people that are such stupid fans that they're already
conceiting the game before they even play it for Christ's sake.
Hey, do you know people sit out there and watch planes take off and everything?
Yeah.
And they got a microphone that's going to play 245s.
Take it off the right one right away.
People love that crap.
They're getting into it.
They're eating their food.
They're watching the planes.
Hey, listen, it's something to do, man.
It's better than going to the songrest.
There is life in full order.
All right.
All right.
Okay, good luck, pal.
Hit some asses out there.
Even if Jimmy is an asshole.
Miami has, you know, different than he is.
Let's get ready for the first game.
We take the ball from goal to goal.
This guy put me over the edge.
He, you know, because I'm indifferent.
I don't really follow with that.
I mean, I do watch, but I just don't care.
I've lost my chashek for it, as they say, in Montreal.
But just to prove a point or two, it'll be very tough.
And they're up against all the odds, etc. and so on.
And all the experts, you know, if all the experts were so smart, they'd never pick a game wrong.
And it wouldn't be any point and play them in the first place, except to see if they could cover this bread.
Oh, that's why they're playing.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got to tell you, I got to wonder what the guys in the green jackets that the Macarena are doing.
If I see another thing.
They're not doing anything in my section.
I'll tell you that.
Well, I'll tell you that.
They're not doing anything in my section.
If I got to toss one more guy out of my seat.
And if I have to have one more guy step in front of me in the middle of play.
Right.
What is with these people that can't wait for a break in the action to get back to their damn seat?
Right.
You guys are killing it.
You can blame the usheres on that.
Blame them.
They're doing a piss poor job of it, man.
Every section they do it with a crappy job.
And they let people go right back down there while the game is going on again.
I don't know.
That's one thing they did in the over arena.
They did a dent.
They were like Nazis, but at least they did a good job of it.
They made you stand up there until a playstopage before you went back and start blocking people's view off.
And God forbid you should want to get in line and get some food.
Yeah.
I mean, for my section, I get to the break in the action, or in between periods.
I get there.
I'm number two in line.
But how am I going to get back to my seat?
Action's already started again.
Right.
I don't know.
Anyway, have a great weekend, you know.
And you, too, sir.
Yeah, we're complaining too much.
Okay, we want to go and have a pleasant experience.
We're all complaining too much.
You're right.
Let's cut it out.
Let's just give away any money and whatever kind of crappy dishes out.
We'll take it with a smile on our push.
We have an open line in Broward 56570560.560 on the AT&T.
Our poll question today is, why are there so many assholes in Boca?
That's the poll question.
Difficult question.
Probably take a long sociological study to find out.
Maybe there's a lot of New Yorkers that settled in Boca.
We've heard from some New Yorkers today that made a lot of sense.
It seemed like reasonable people.
I mean, out of 12 million people, can they all be assholes?
No.
Oh, there's a few nice people from New York that came down here.
A couple.
One or two.
But boy, oh boy, I'm telling you.
Some of the drags, some of the people they kicked out of the city.
Even Ed Crocch, even he kicked some of their ass out.
They said, oh, well, we've got to get out of here.
Let's go to Florida.
That's right.
Everybody who was a misfit someplace else, they kicked their ass out.
They sent them to Florida.
So it happened to me.
Well, no, I was working.
Where the hell was I working?
I was in Michigan before I came here, so you can understand.
Came to Sarasota.
Boy, that was a great year.
Sarasota, baby, WSPB City Island, the Outer Towner's picnics.
My youngest listener was 140 years old, but we had a great time.
It's Friday, you first is...
There's a marvelous place on the farm where all these wealthy people go.
It's where royalty plays follow.
And that's what I like about no-go.
But down there, he goes on heaven's call.
Down where they say, health toll.
And every corner has a hall.
And that's what I like about no-go.
That's right.
And the 10 grand on a golf course, we use the day in Jewish bakery.
You shut these delicacies.
That's what I like about no-go.
So please excuse our allies and leaders.
And our vans and tell the viewers that we find pleasure in doing no-go.
That's what I like about no-go.
Who she does that no-go watches when she's like us.
If you're keenly that you shut us, and that's what I like about no-go.
If you really don't care what you do, you see how a dude do doesn't speak.
There's no coffee, only no-go.
And that's what I like about no-go.
That's it.
I think about no-go.
Why are you sleeping?
Well, there's so many assholes there in Bokeh.
I wonder why everybody's moving there.
131.
I haven't been in Bokeh in years.
And am I worried about that?
No.
No, I don't think so.
Am I missing anything?
No.
I wonder how Dave the paramedics making out up there in Bokeh.
Remember him?
Dave the paramedic?
Who just kind of like disappeared?
I guess he must have greased up that poll a little bit too much one night.
That was him.
That was your buddy.
Open line and Dave.
567.
0560.
0560.
0560 on the 18T wireless line.
There you go.
Another one of your Julio buddies.
Here's mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I'm getting a number now.
Good.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello, Neo, okay.
Yes sir.
Neo, don't worry about Bokeh.
It's boring.
I go there every day.
Yeah.
I mean it's permanent.
Listen, I just want to say to the other Julio's in Miami to call.
Please call.
They're listening to us.
No, they're bunch of pussy.
You know, they're throwing it out of Westland and the T-Rome.
I know what they're doing.
I mean, they have something here from Sanford to the only thing going on.
Right.
At least call.
So you do some ratings.
You know, you know what I mean?
They're just afraid.
They're just, I hear more than five because I'm a Currier.
I get down like 70 nanos and stuff.
I hear them on the radio.
Yeah.
They're just afraid.
They're just about to pussy.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
Okay, Neo, please.
Don't think any wooden nickels.
Okay, what was the number of that asshole that just called that little Julio the one before
this one that didn't get on here?
305, of course.
305, 539.
Oh, and by the way, this kid wants to talk about Ass here.
So if there's anybody out there that wants to know about Ass here, his number is 305.
539.
539, 6000.
6000.
Well, that sounds like a place of business to me.
Could be.
Doesn't it?
Maybe they'll get fired.
Oh, wouldn't that be a shame?
From their QB.
Two open lives in the date County 567, 0560, 567, 0560 or 0560 or 0560 on the 18th wireless
line.
Here's a mobile in Pemberk Pine.
Hello.
Hey, good day, D. So how are you doing?
Good day.
I'm known as the gracious past man.
I can't call it in live.
You know what I'm calling in order to what?
The gracious Patriots fan.
Meaning what?
Meaning what?
I call it in other words, chronic.
Oh, yeah, that's the guy.
Oh, yeah, I'm real big on a talk shows in the England right in Boston, whatever.
Get out of here, Jackass.
First of all, this isn't a sports show.
Secondly, nobody on this station.
I don't think I know if there really is, but wants to talk to chronic especially for mother markets.
I'm known as.
I'll tell you what you're known as an issue.
He's an asshole.
That's right.
Oh, boy, I'll tell you they're out there.
I love it when somebody calls.
I'm known as.
I'm very popular on shows in Pekipsi.
Look, great.
Go back there.
Okay, maybe they'll talk to you, but I doubt it.
Two open lines in Dave County, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Law, and they are beautiful.
They are beautiful losers, losers, losers, air be loser in the world.
They put them in a goddamn tube and they sent them down the old shoot right here, baby.
They're shooting it.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, they sent them up the pool shoot.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah, exactly.
That's where they're coming from.
Hey, I got a good one.
Right out of the human victim.
Yeah, right.
I love that.
We could go Wednesday.
My girlfriend called up when he had the contest for the tickets for Saturday's game.
Yeah.
And he said, George will call you, but our phone's been screwing up.
So he thought George called.
I called down there and the guy at the front desk, the guy with the beard, the go-to, and all that.
I said, I said, the first and the last name he said, yes, come and pick him up.
So I came down and picked the tickets up.
Yeah.
Someone already picked him up.
It was a different.
It was a same first name, different last name.
Oh, my God.
I was all excited.
I was going to eat that.
Where did you come from?
How far away?
Where did you come from?
Coral Springs, Tamarack.
All the way down here?
Oh, way down there.
I mean, I was doing like 90 on 95.
Man.
I was excited.
I was fired up.
I'll sign up like that.
And then to top it off, I leave them all sad and everything.
Coming home, I get pulled over.
Coming to find out.
I had a $50 ticket from 96.
Yeah.
And I got to spend the night in the Broward County with all the good boys.
All right.
Great.
Unreal.
Okay, well, I hope you had a good time.
Okay, we have an open-line edge Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
And I'm sure there was a lot more if I would have known.
Go on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on our AT&T wireless line for all you mobile callers.
The Hank Goldberg show is coming up at 2 o'clock.
Boog through at 6.
930, we got our pre-game 10 o'clock.
It's the Florida Panthers in the Vancouver Conooks.
Conooks.
Seriously.
Anybody that says Conooks should be given some instruction.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm an Irish American from Boca.
Yeah.
I'm on an island out here.
Nobody's perfect.
Hey, did you say anything about Hurley?
Anybody showed up to send the dolphins out?
Two people, what's Guy's saying?
Yeah, did you listen to Hank yesterday?
No, by the time I got home, they were playing nothing but press conference.
I just heard one after another after another, because Hank was busy doing this stuff for ESPN, I guess.
Well, somebody had called him up and suggested the fans should go out and show their support.
Well, it sure worked like a charm.
Yeah, but listen, this is what Hank said.
He goes, yeah, they're sure a lot of support.
You know, I heard the dolphins on planes when they see the fans out of the airport.
Look out the window and say, what a bunch of assholes.
They're like, Hank, that guy's got a problem, anyways.
Who's that?
Hank.
We'll call him up and talk to him about it, okay?
Hey, stupid.
We have an open line in Broward, five minute guys down in 23 minutes.
He'll be on.
He'll call him up on me.
See, there's, there's, it takes no talent, no guts, no anything to call me and take a shot at Hank.
Now, call him up and discuss it and maybe he'll hang up on you.
Maybe you'll have a discussion.
Who knows?
In fact, it would be entertaining hearing that in the way home.
A lot more entertaining than hearing those 80 press conferences I heard yesterday.
Can we find something else to put on besides those terminal long, ponderous press conferences when Hank is doing a ESPN stick or whatever?
Can we find anything else?
No.
Oh, God.
If I have to hear one more, and even, I mean John Elway, who's not dumb or illiterate, but I mean enough already with those people.
Not that I want to interfere.
Do I want to interfere?
No.
No.
But I'm just, you know, it's from a self-esteem point.
Oh, kills me, kills me, kills me.
Oh, here's, here's the assistant.
The trainer is having a press conference talking about the hang nail at the, what's his name?
And they said, Napoleon Kaufman got a hang nail.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I went in order, it's Monday.
All the people went and went up, call you back to say, I apologize about a dolphin win.
I want to know a dolphin want to win this Saturday.
I want to let you know that.
The dolphins are going to win.
Yes, sir.
What's the score going to be, sir?
24-13.
Okay, got it.
Everybody, get it easy, you know.
Okay, there you go.
There you go.
There's a real spec.
He says that off into going to win, he's going to put his money where you're back to.
That's what he said.
He said, bend over, baby.
You're ready for the big one.
We have an open line at day five, six, seven, oh five, 60, and pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
21 till two at five, 60, WQM.
If you're feeling lucky, speak at a bend over.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Oh, there is a child living down in Mexico.
Boy, who has to go to work every day.
Shit that is death.
Making clothes for Cassidy loves the work, but doesn't love the pain.
I want to give you a kiss.
They are the kids who make the clothes.
They are the ones who make the fuck a day.
So quit.
Oh, right.
It's just cause the bacon.
The time you love to buy is you that make the fuck a day with Cassidy.
Hey, don't forget Cassidy, ladies.
She and her husband are very important people and don't you ever forget it.
144-560-WQM.
Anyway, believe it or not.
Here is a fact that says, if I didn't know this, but when you see it in print, it is kind of scary.
It says what that caller said, not too long.
Go is true.
People actually go to my international airport and sit outside and watch the planes take off and land.
This is how they spend their free time.
It's pathetic.
Explanation point.
You know why they do it, don't you?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
That's right.
They sit out there.
Oh, look at that big old plane.
Look at that big 747.
There's a 737.
There's a 757.
There's another 747.
Sabina.
And there is another one.
Yeah.
They do that at airports all over America because they have no lives.
That's right.
And they sit out there.
And of course you do understand why they're really sitting out there waiting, don't you?
Crash.
Exactly.
There you go.
It's not so much that they enjoy watching airplanes take off and land because let's face it.
Pretty much looks the same.
Every time a plane takes off and land, I've been on a few planes in my time, 20 or 30 million.
But they're waiting.
They just don't want to miss out.
Just in case there's that one time.
Kind of the same reason people go to see auto racing with all the respect to Joe Castello who would deny it, of course.
But nevertheless, it would be full of crap in doing it.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
How are you, Neil?
Yes, sir.
You were talking about the sawgrass mull and why there's all these foreign people.
And I had heard something a few years ago.
I don't know.
Who are those people, sir?
Who are they?
Did you ever hear that the sawgrass mull was the second largest tourist attraction?
I only mention that every day on the show.
Yes.
I was there the other day and I saw exactly what you're talking about.
I mean, there's boxes of people coming in and you go into Brands Martin.
There's like, you know, your hard press to find a customer that speaks English.
Yeah.
It's incredible.
Yeah, but at least you can find somebody waiting on it.
Oh, that's different story.
But seriously, well, I'm out there.
And you walk into the main mall, though.
Forget about Brands Barber.
And you walk into the main mall itself.
They fall.
And you look at the people and you listen to the people and it's like you're asking yourself,
where am I?
Where do these people come from?
Well, they ever...
Where do they live?
Where do they sleep at night?
Where do they stay?
Where are their possessions?
I assume they're in hotels and motels.
But the thing is that it's the only mall I've ever been in anywhere in this country that has an international money changer.
I mean, it's got a...
What they call it, you know, a...
Sure, I'm sorry.
But a machine that changes money from foreign currency in the mall.
Where's that?
I've never seen that.
It's in one of the sections of the mall.
I mean, they also have...
I know they have the currency exchange in there.
Right. But I saw a machine that actually has all the different flags on it.
And you put like, you know...
They only have those. They have those in Italy. They have them around Europe.
The other thing I wanted to talk about is Bush League.
Bush League Miami.
You know how you spell Bush League Miami? W-A-M-I.
Yeah.
You're so fortunate to be off of that thing.
Yes, I am.
Did you see the thing they have to...
I saw so much better about being off of there.
The movies that you know they have in movies every night at airclubs.
I don't know. I don't want it.
Well, they had an advertisement, you know, before they started it.
All these great movies from one of the major studios in Hollywood that you know starts with you.
And you know they set, you know, fielded dreams and all these great movies that they put out.
Yeah.
You know what the first movie they ran was Monday night?
The Heartbreak Kid.
The Heartbreak Kid from what year?
With Eddie Albert.
And the next night I did another movie with called Fooling Around with Jerry Busy.
Yes, it was it. Eddie Albert.
I started thinking about it.
Well, they have a thing for Eddie Albert.
Yeah, I thought they were going to have a thing.
But Eddie Barry Duller has been doing Eddie Albert.
That could be.
And one last thing.
I used to drive a limousine.
Isn't Eddie Albert dead?
Yes.
Yes.
I don't know.
Or you still do them.
But I have a board of dead.
Anyway, I used to drive a limousine.
And you were talking about tips for limo drivers.
Yeah.
I used to drive...
We, I drove for a business car service in New Jersey and used to drive for one of the large pharmaceutical companies that also makes consumer products.
Yeah.
And a guy when I drove him home from the airport one day,
picked me up a bottle of mouthwash.
Maybe it was a message.
It could have been.
There you go.
Okay, pal.
Have a great week.
Have a great life.
Thanks, pal.
Here's an open-lifetime and a little scolt, pal.
Can you believe rumor Oligiew?
Ten bucks to that.
I mean, that's just unbelievable.
Keep in mind, we got a free meal.
I left a $30 tip, because it would have been about 150 bucks for the four of us.
So I left, and I was only three of us.
So definitely about 150 bucks.
So I left a $30 tip, which I didn't have the right change.
I managed to squeeze four singles out of him.
Costing $4 for a $100 meal would have cost for him and his wife.
Okay?
Four bucks, he tips the limo driver ten bucks.
I realize he's up there in Vancouver with a team.
Okay?
Rimmer, you are the cheapest piece of turd.
Okay?
God is he cheap.
Is he?
Uh-huh.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Any idea on that?
Great.
It's a Polish-American check, and then.
Okay.
That guy that called earlier was from our carnival.
No, he was from the Oral Caribbean cruise line.
I'm going to work here, though.
We checked it out.
But close.
But anyway.
You mentioned, glad you reminded me, that was a crank call from some little spick at the Oral Caribbean cruise line.
And I hope the people that work over there find who he is and throw his ass off the goddamn ship.
And you could tell what he's doing for a living?
Yeah.
So anyways, you think they're going to air the impeachment on the radio and on the TV, like they did with the OJ trial?
Not here they won't.
So you don't think the...
Not at our station.
We could do it, but I'm not going to do that.
Many of the people on alternative, we can see here inside the real problems of the world like a rectal hair.
That's right.
All right.
Thanks, man.
I have a great day.
We're not going to preclude this guy to any important show for a bunch of Hazarai going up there, a bunch of asshole stuffy old shirts pretending to be, you know, pontificating and pretending to be objective.
And just get it over with, okay, fencing the guy, slap him on the wrist, get the state of the union.
Let's say, okay, bubble, let's go and then I'll get the ship going again and stop it all as political crap to try to pass the fight these right wing Nazis and drag, okay?
Even Trent Lott, even Trent Lott, your Lotus is embarrassed and humiliated by the House Republicans by these fanatical lunatics, okay?
In fact, he might get his pom-poms off.
I wouldn't be surprised before this whole thing over is over.
Trent Lott comes out of the closet, okay?
I wouldn't surprise me.
That's how indignant he's.
In fact, he had his arm around Tom D'Aschel when they had the press conference, little tongue action.
I couldn't believe it.
That's how disgusted he is with this whole thing with those obnoxious right wing.
And especially that one that Charles Kennedy who eats at the Olive Garden, okay?
And tries to get some bitch wait for some poor, poor lady, try to get her fired because she said he's an asshole and he's a bunch of bull crap, try to get her fired.
Charles Kennedy, I'm gonna tell you right now over the weekend I'm gonna spend every moment, every wake moment of my weekend trying to find if pictures of Charles Kennedy and people are together.
You think it's possible?
No.
No chance. Same person.
BDI assassins, BDI backstabbers, no talent, no brains.
They got for brains.
10 before 2 at 5, 60 WQM, your classy station for the 90s.
This is 5.60, QAM.
Like, try, is that thing real?
