I said I'm here to get the hot for air sports radio 560 WQ AM Miami Fort Laudermale presents a
Daniel Rodgers show to talk to me.
You'll call 560 0560 toll free for dating Brad or pound 560 on yourself all the opinions
of Neil his guests.
Paul is or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQ AM.
Beansley read acquisitions or the Beansley Broadcast group.
Now Neil Rodgers on sports radio 560 Q AM.
This go Arruca is the bad radio show on him.
What time is he on?
I don't know.
Every third Christian knows a game to play.
It's not so very hard to do.
Or a name of the game is the Bible that you have to do it the way we do.
Some people you know the way.
It's by the two your heart.
Oh right.
It's their possessions the way.
And then you burn it down.
You should get somebody to believe anything.
What you make the Bible say is true.
No matter what you do you can be guilty.
Of the Lord the lowest forgives you.
Pick up a poison in this name.
The Bible says.
Wave it all around.
Find a fortune clinic.
The Bible says.
And shoot a doctor down.
Everybody say.
Okay.
Come on you ugly slut again.
Be said, cry about as your kids.
The Bible says.
Your due to the rod of the bow.
Go on a scare from it.
The Bible says.
And that's the way it goes out.
I don't want you to get in touch.
The Bible says.
Do make the sacrifice.
Well these are damn good ribs.
I'll take that and show you one of the things I overheard them on the morning show.
Where's the overhead by the way?
My death or I just did not hear my.
Oh there it goes.
Wow.
Anyway these are great Tony Roman ribs and we wouldn't even know that they were here but I was like Eve's dropping there.
The last the tale the ass end of the Joe and the big old boy show.
You know that fat boy that Dan Jeff high if he ever puts that fat pussy in the doorway again.
Kick him out.
Kick his fat porky ass out.
A piece of crap.
He comes in area and is sucking around about ratings which many bell brought us ratings that haven't been invented yet.
From 10 to 2 including his spatic numbers.
Boy we got those spatic men or what?
We're kicking ass baby.
But in the meantime the Tony Roman food that he brings in here.
You know he could have I'm sure that they were intended for Joe and the bagel boys.
But how many ribs can they eat?
Huh?
So luckily where did you find these by the way?
Did you just yeah appropriate these?
They were sitting out the hallway.
Thank God for that because if fat boy would have known that they were out there still.
Man he would have just taken one deep breath and inhaled these bones at all.
Fat piece of didn't hear them yelling after me as I ran out of there with that box.
Were they really?
Oh you mean the morning?
You know what that's.
Joe and the big old boys tough crap.
They're starting to learn they're getting plenty of free food.
Hmm.
Yeah from 6 in the morning till 2 in the afternoon we know how to get it free.
Huh?
Well later on that they have a little trouble having to pay for it and the food too.
Anyway happy Thursday to you.
I'm preoccupied with the ribs you know I'm not a big rib guy.
Never have been but it's okay on the atkins as if I'm on the atkins am I on the atkins?
No.
No.
Am I losing any weight?
No.
No.
But it sounds good.
You know you put on a good act.
You know what's it here neat you know heat crunch bars or stuff like that.
Well you run here.
That's a bad example.
We're here to try to set a good example for the audience and today by the way is the day of prayer.
That's right it's prayer day in town and we'd like to invite the audience to call and say a prayer for me, for George, for anybody.
Now it's any guy you want to pray to.
You can even pray to anybody you like.
Group criticized for inviting Christians only you said the headline.
I don't want to suggest this is another device of peace of crap.
Then we have some of these for a business of Goymehoyes invent these things.
And then it's kind of embarrassing when they leave the Jews out and the Muslims out and this one and that one and everybody else out.
Because I thought this was supposed to bring people together all this crap.
No.
So maybe you can say a little prayer for us like the unwork.
George was just telling me that the group 98 degrees went out there little in Colorado.
Are you sure of that?
Where did you hear that?
I'm sure it was them.
If not them one of the other clone bands just like them.
Wasn't five there British.
No was it five.
In sync.
It was either them or in sync but I'm pretty sure it was the 98 degrees.
Which is the one that's got the guy with the really ugly hair in a ponytail looks like a gangster.
In sync.
That's them.
Oh thank God it wasn't 98 degrees.
They're good.
And the lead singer man he looks real good.
I mean he looks real well we don't want to get to that.
Do we want to get to that?
Yeah he does.
I mean in sync blows and five from England they always said them back on the banana both of the king and on a suck.
Of course last night on NTV they had the new Backstreet Boys video which they claimed was a world premiere which I already saw in Amsterdam and I already saw in the TV.
TV esponule from Esponule like I told you.
But nevertheless it's American you can lie a lot to the public here especially those silly little hormonal girls that are like dripping all over themselves.
God.
Watching them is embarrassing and then realizing that I'm getting all excited about the same video that they are that's really embarrassing isn't it?
No.
No not at all.
Is it Nick?
No.
He's starting to look pretty good you know what?
What?
It goes to show you the wonders of makeup.
If they can make Ricky Martin look that good.
His video was number four in NTV last night.
See this is what happens when there are no hockey games on you start your desperate to find something to watch.
That's a 9 to 10 hour NTV I guess is the only hour when they actually show any videos.
I mean what kind of a what kind of a music video channel is that when they got all these stupid programs on the rest of the time.
Beavis and button, butt, breath and Ren and Stimpy and all this other crap.
What are they ever going to put some damn videos on there?
That's what we all want to see.
We want to see 98 degrees baby.
And then come to fight out the John Pina store at CD we had near 98 degrees allegedly for his daughter.
That's what they all say.
Just like Lee J. Cobb member in excess is oh yes for my daughter.
I lied it was for me.
Can I have your autograph?
Yeah.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Is this phone screwed up again?
Because it's got that dark coloration to it again.
Although it does say Pompano.
I think our phone screwed up again.
Well the beast was in here last night.
Well look at that.
I can't even get it off.
I can't get rid of it.
Am I going to have to pull the plug again?
Oh you know something.
If our program director is listening down on the hall here I'm sitting here with all these big numbers that we got.
Can't we get people out of here?
What do you mean the beast was in here again last night doing what?
Watching Channel 69 and dubbing off heat highlights.
And did it run with our equipment again?
This phone worked fine yesterday.
Look at that.
I can't even get the goddamn thing off of there.
Much less to get it on the ear.
So hang on Pompano or not in the case maybe.
Oh listen to that.
There we go.
Oh wait.
Hold on a second.
We're adjusting.
Hang on.
Okay.
That cleared all those pin and the S call is off there.
So call in right away.
Let's see if we can get you on the ear.
Even if you have nothing to say.
Come on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's equipment adjustment time on the highly rated neowarders show here on QAM.
What did I tell you about having a lock on the door and keeping these people out of here?
And now you tell me that God's in that asshole Bob McKay that you hate like poison.
From Kiss is going to be having his old crew in there over the weekend.
He's my best friend.
You hate him like poison.
Almost as much as you hate Steve Noodleberg.
WQAM.
Oh check.
Thank you.
Okay.
That's it.
All right.
Everybody else get out of here unless you got something to say.
Thank you sir.
We got line checkers.
We got phone checkers.
Thank you very much.
The phone actually works now.
We got a, this is part of the show.
Just to pencil it in as a regular part of the show every goddamn day.
When you work for this bogus place.
I would say to George before the show today I'm looking to these amazing numbers.
That we finally extrapolated 10 to 2.
And by the way, Tom Jicca is going to be on for red cap on after the hockey game tonight.
You know Tom Jicca.
Yeah, that one.
Maybe somebody ought to leave him the numbers.
Okay.
So we don't have any excuse not writing about this great winner book that the whole day was going to be.
I hope QA am station had since he's supposed to be our good friend and fills in and consorts with that cap on every now and end like tonight.
Wouldn't it be nice since he's our one great white hope that might write something about us to give him these numbers.
God.
And I am ever going to work for station in this town that really wants to go out and promote.
No.
They're really, you know, is proud of what we got on the year and go out there and do billboards and the massive.
No.
No, only Paxton did that.
When they first had the IOD remember those days.
Yeah.
And we had a gigantic fall book that first thing under Paxton billboards all over the guy down place and they were good ones too.
Remember those days.
And then when they found out I was leaving they said, oh, let's put up some more neil billboards and everybody went kind of like.
Yeah, what's that all about?
Well, that was that Harry penis.
Never trust a guy named Harry penis.
So I'll tell you that right now.
Ten minutes after 10 and 560 WQM.
It's prayer day by Ruchatada Niamh and Ista halalah hasab.
But it'll be better book.
But come on. Let's do it.
God's listening.
Andy listening.
No.
Are you looking for fast, easy, reliable access to the Internet to think about is mind spring.
No more of those stupid busy signals.
No more of those idiotic ads that you have to say no to all the time.
You just hop on there immediately.
It's not sooner every time you want.
In fact, mind spring was voted the best Internet service provider by PC World and PC.
Computing magazines for 1998.
So for fast, easy, reliable access to the Internet, the only thing you ought to be even be thinking about is mind spring.
It's like I've been using for about a year and a half now.
No pain, no strain, no busy signals, no ads, no hassle.
Pick up the phone right now and call mind spring.
One triple eight and spring.
Tell them that the arrangers told you to call.
They'll wave their usual $25 start up fee.
Give you the first 30 days of service free from the day you sign up.
Mind spring.
One triple eight and spring.
The very best Internet provider in the universe.
This is 560 QAL.
Esa esa esa esa esa esa de la mañana.
Con Gil rojo.
Esa esa esa esa de cerebro.
¿Y eres fregultas?
Tonight it's cops.
In simple vania, Dutch country.
I'm a cop, I'm a cop.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do when their carriage comes for you?
Hello there, Jebediah.
Hello Officer Esa, hi.
What brings you up to my normal boss?
Well, we got us some reports of some custom interbuting in these hair parts.
Ah, yes Esa, hi.
My shame to admit that my wife Sarah exposed part of our ankle.
Wow, that's no good, Hussey.
I've got me a good mind to put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes.
Well, that would be a good idea, but then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow.
Yep, women.
There are the reason we're all going to hill.
Yep.
Well, I gotta get back to the plow on the fields.
Okay then, I guess I'll be getting back to the barn raisin and here's a guy.
I'm a cop, I'm a cop.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do when the shacks pull you?
That's tonight on cops.
In simple vania Dutch country.
1015 at 550 WQM, Hank Goldberg at 2 o'clock.
Jim Maddard, 6 o'clock 745.
We got playoff hockey, the bronze and the sabers.
Yeah, that should be real exciting.
And then after the game, we got that bald headed Tom Jicke.
Calling him up tonight by the way, those three of you who'll be listening after the hockey game.
And say, where is that article about the ratings?
And I'll great QIM did the whole goddamn station in this winter rating book.
Since you're supposed to be the radio TV expert in this town.
And you don't write a goddamn word about the rating books.
You piece of little bald headed turd you.
Yeah, we're getting real sick and tired of that crap.
You know what Tom?
We're sick of it.
We're nauseated by it.
We're revolted by it.
Now, where is he gonna be doing the show?
Hopefully over in there, right?
He's not gonna be over here, hot-skicking around with our phone.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Oh my god, I'm on.
Yes, sir.
I can't believe it.
How are you doing now?
Why not?
Oh, only seven minutes and nine seconds.
And the only reason you're on is because I'm busy eating now.
And otherwise that's why I'm taking calls.
Oh, good.
I'm gonna be talking about the important crack.
Yes.
Yeah, well, you know, question.
Oh, gee, the Dow is down.
90 points already.
Christ.
We better start praying a lot harder, man.
Geez, maybe the phone line might go.
I don't know.
You got, you like Andrew and Bruce Shelley?
No, I don't.
I hate, I hate Andriabal Shelley.
Why are they playing that commercial every time?
Because they're buying the spots.
What do you mean why are we playing it?
You don't give a crap whether we like him or not.
Oh, you know, Q-A-N.
Don't hear any spots out here for the back street boys and 98 degrees, do you?
No, so we gotta think whatever we get.
Geez.
You're about to lean beyond.
How about to lean beyond?
Yeah, with the, you know,
That's my comment to that.
That's you into breakfast.
Oh, well.
Why you like Celine Dion?
Well, no, I like she couldn't take away that paper sack if you put a gun at her ass, she couldn't sing.
You know, I'm the only stand part of it is that they didn't have her ass on the Titanic.
I've been my 20s and I like that music.
It just seems to be so powerful.
You know, I'm not.
What?
Another one you can wrap up.
Are you getting wrapped up in the hype?
Is that what it is?
Next thing you're gonna be telling me, you like Ricky Martin too.
Oh, I love Ricky Martin.
Who do you like the most?
And Ricky Martin?
You like Ricky Martin?
You like Ricky Martin?
I don't like him.
I like his music.
Well, like what?
Like Copa de la Vida?
And an awful new song, his living, they have to be local to buy the director.
No, I don't like that song.
I like the Spanish music.
I like, I like, well, they.
Well, they, well, they, well, they.
Yeah.
And we can't glass his, but we are.
Yeah, you're talking, yeah, and Ricky's great.
And spider what George says.
George is jealous because I got the hotspour and Ricky's.
How about Luis Miguel?
Yeah, I like him.
Is it me from Puerto Rico?
Yeah.
Okay, you're out of material pal.
Get out here.
Yeah, you know something that these Hispanic numbers are really going to go way up.
You think they're good now?
Wait till you see after yesterday is the Cinco de Mayo show.
We're gonna start getting those Mexican numbers way up.
Huh?
You see, I don't know why you make that.
Well, I do know why because you are hard-headed little, uh,
and okay, always putting down Mexicans.
Mexicans are a fine people.
They never stole a freight train.
Maybe a few wallets and watches.
And they never stole a radio either so we don't have anybody in the audience.
In other words, you're telling me we don't have one Mexican listening right now.
I might have two.
Yeah.
Two, uh, uh, uh, uh.
The oversteers at the labor camp.
I do like that song.
Luis Miguel, two.
La Nismah, whatever that thing is.
Come on, let's hear from a Mexican.
Be well dispense all the other proceedings right here while we're waiting here from a real honest to God.
Not somebody that married a Mexican or that once had the Taco Bell.
A real honest to God, WQAM.
There you go.
That was one of those little gableous.
No, it wasn't.
You heard him.
What?
That accent?
That was a Mexican.
Oh, Mexican spike everything up at the end of their sentences.
WQAM.
Mexican line.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Are you Mexican?
Yes.
Are you doing okay?
Phony accident.
Okay.
Sorry.
Getting phony.
I'm looking for a real Mexican.
How you doing?
Okay.
What's he doing?
Is a four man's poncho Gonzalez routine.
Now cut the crap.
Speak like a, like a Mexican.
Walk like an Egyptian.
Speak like a Mexican.
That's what we a demand here today.
Okay.
I'm going to put you up a little bit, you idiots.
We got one.
Have you got a Mexican on there?
Like a real one?
That was, he's overwhelmed.
WQAM.
All right.
Now we had a real, there you go.
You're right.
There's no Mexicans down here.
But boy, there's a lot of other spicks.
Look at this.
Now the young spicks, they're, they're listening,
but they're too humble for a footwork to put it down.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
They're too much in a clover.
The power is number one with a 9.6 share.
And the Nearodger show is second with an 8.1.
Oh!
Oh!
25 to 44 Hispanic men were numbered dose.
And if you think that's impressive,
men 35 to 44 Hispanic,
which is a little bit too old for my taste,
but nevertheless, we'll take them.
Men 35 to 44, we are,
or is it am thing?
Oh, you know, I was going to play it.
It is so hard.
Because I think that's the name of that 98 degrees record.
Yeah, something like that.
It is so hard.
We're number one, family!
In Hispanic men 35 to 44.
Oh, that is, with an 11.1,
radio rhythm was got an 8.1.
Oh!
So we're like a number one by a mile in that demographic.
And even 25 to 54 Hispanic men.
Where the hell is it?
25 to 44.
25 to 44 were number one.
Hispanic, are you listening to that?
25 to 44 were they seven point?
Oh, I'm looking at, looking for it.
It's right there on top of the list.
God damn it.
Where number one, family?
25 to 49 were tied for first with life.
Oh, that's not the right, that's the thing.
I knew I was in the wrong thing,
as soon as I saw life,
I was in get one.
25 to 49 were number five.
I'm looking for 25 to 54 Hispanic men.
Please hear it is number five with a 5.8.
And when you look at the other stations that were up there with like radio,
I'm Lord and CMQ FM and power and radio rhythm and radio,
I'm V.
Were the only English speaking hope for those Julios in Eston?
I'll tell you that right now, boys and girls.
Thank God.
You want to say a prayer?
Thank God for it.
Oh, God.
Right.
Try to break these people out of that one-dimensional banana boat mentality of theirs.
And like I said, if we could just get those Mexicans calling in right now,
get the Mexicans on board.
We could have like double digits in every Hispanic demographic.
And not only that, but don't you remember the day I was asking about Hispanic females,
young Hispanic 18 to the,
and we had the phones lit up like crazy.
And they were actually on there.
Not funny voices like we're getting make believe Mexicans today.
I'm talking real honest to God, the young ladies that were addressed.
Well,
or something close.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Sorry, let me try to read it.
I want to talk to you about yesterday the topic on niggers.
The topic on niggers?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Well, you know, I grew up playing sports with these guys.
Who's what guys with niggers?
Yeah.
And I mean, it's totally common for them to call each other, you know, by that name.
Nigger, yeah.
And the worst of them.
But doesn't sound bad to you when you come on there and say the topic was niggers that just sounds...
Well, it is not...
Now they would have said it three or four times, it doesn't sound as bad, you're right.
Right.
But I mean, the thing that really drives me crazy is...
About what, niggers?
Yeah, the way they get all up in ours where a white person uses the word.
But, you know, like you said, they call each other that all the time.
And the worst defenders are the black women towards the black men.
Oh, yeah.
It's amazing.
And you ain't getting no f***ing nigger.
That's it.
You know, every third word is that word.
And they get upset when we use it.
I don't think they understand what we mean.
I mean, I know white...
Well, what do you mean when you call a black guy a nigger?
What do you mean?
What I mean is a person that I consider to be a scumbag.
Now, I will tell you that I know a lot of white people that I would classify as niggers.
As niggers, yeah.
And I think...
Wait a minute.
After we get done talking to Mexicans, we're going to be having white niggers calling in.
That would be good.
Hey, as far as your Mexicans...
I mean, I don't know if you want to throw these ribs away.
I mean, do you want the rest of these?
I'm eating too many.
Yeah, I think that guy to call in earlier with that screaming with Speedy Gonzalez.
Yeah, the carton character.
Yeah, I remember Pat Boone had that song, Speedy Gonzalez, and we hate Pat Boone.
So I have a great day, sir.
You too.
And don't say the N word anymore, as nigger.
Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that word.
If it's a word that other people use, we can say it too.
Okay, we want to share.
Although we don't want no colored greens and grits, although little watermelon ain't bad.
And I do like...
I like that the Zinger sandwich they have a Kentucky fry.
Do you ever have one of those?
Without the bread, of course.
Now, you never had a Zinger sandwich.
Well, it's better than the other crap they got over there.
You know, that real deep frying stuff.
That's real bad.
Like I said, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the mobile one line.
You're people out of control today, mister.
Just picking up where they left off yesterday.
Out of control.
Which, in fact, after hearing that, makes me think...
It's got so much stuff going on again here today that Francisco Arruco thing.
The reason I played that.
At the beginning of the show this morning, I'm sure most of you did not see it in the paper.
Since most people already got their newspapers, pro-dialogue exiles that air views in English.
Francisco Arruco, a South Florida radio commentator who raises the IRF Hardline Cuban exiles,
will all have Hardline...
...been exiles, will broaden his program to an English audience next month,
8 to 9 a.m. weekdays on Waxi 790, beginning June 1st.
Francisco Arruco.
What time is he on?
I don't know.
Yeah.
One of the great calls in the history to show you what this town is all about.
She says, he's the best talk host in this town and I ask you, what time is he on?
I don't know, huh?
I don't know.
Yeah.
You silly bitch.
You're what's wrong with this town, honey.
That's probably the broadest censoring the cigar magazines over there at the airport,
that miserable, smelly bitch.
Somebody ought to stick a cigar in her...
Monica, action there.
The screener?
Yeah.
What's his number?
305.
Yeah.
438-0217.
Oh, he's a screener?
438-0217, yeah.
Eric, who are 305, right?
In big county.
Well, maybe you'd like to recall him and scream at him a little bit, keeping busy today,
since he's called us what, 420 times in the last two days?
Little piece of crap, little piece of turd burger?
26 after 10 to 560 WQM, you know, mummy?
Hi, fucker!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
All right.
The hero let it...
I don't know if you remember me,
but I was the guy whose house you said on my last view.
Uh-huh.
God, I miss you,
even though you blew up my car,
and caught all my hair off,
I miss you, girl.
But one quick question,
do you think you could let me know
when you might blast me out of this pit?
No one's been me for weeks,
but I'm not complaining.
Don't misunderstand me,
because I love you with all my heart,
but if you happen to see my mother,
please let it go, I'm not dead yet.
Dear Atlantis,
I want to tell you that,
the guy you saw with your best friend,
that wasn't me.
He kind of looked and talked just like me,
but that's surely, surely coincidental.
I was nowhere near that place.
I love you too much,
who's look at anyone else.
Dear Atlantis,
I had a deadish deployment that day,
and I was nowhere near the Sharon Smedallant Hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good,
who wins all those rammies,
has all that money.
Hey, come on, let me out of the pit with that truck.
No.
1033-560-WQ,
and put the lotion back in the basket,
and maybe we'll let you out.
18-34 men.
This is in the from 10-2.
This is not Hispanic.
This is overall all men.
18-34.
Number one is Power 96.
It's midday with 11.6.
Number two is...
Damn God!
...with a 10.4 share.
18-34.
Ow!
See, the only part that we are weak on is the 18-24 part.
And you want to know why?
We're weak on 18-24,
because we're on...
AM.
We're on AM.
Do teenagers in 18-24 year old people listen to AM radio?
No.
They don't even know from AM.
They don't know where to find it,
and the OAM as well.
I'm serious.
They haven't got any idea what it's all about.
If we were on FM,
I would just say conservatively,
thinking it'd just double the numbers.
If we were on FM.
Right?
7-11.8.
Men, the 25-54.
We'd have a 23.6.
Easy.
Am I right?
Uh-huh.
No question.
Be on.
So, they're not only being on AM,
but being on this...
Oh, man.
Way, way down on the end of the dial.
So, seriously, I mean, like 940,
leave it to Queer Channel and pack the screw that he left.
50,000 watts.
They're right in the middle of the dial,
and they got a...
Yeah.
Other than Rick had put in the morning
who were getting a little bit of a number,
other than that, they're in the crapper.
But with us, you've got to make a special effort to come...
Like Bob Barker says,
or a Rod Roddy,
whoever it is, come on down.
You know, you've got to come out all the way to the end of the dial,
a bit of rent.
And of course, if you're in just the wrong part of town,
and the overhead...
You know, the electrical wires,
or anything, where there's a guy named Florescent
with a hundred yards of where you are,
you know, that's what you hear on AM.
So, I'm pretty goddamn proud of this accomplishment.
What do you believe me not?
Do you believe me?
No.
Am I proud to work here on this?
No.
Here's a call from Tampa.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
My father was Mexican, my mother checked us from Valkyrie.
We don't all found like typical...
typical beef.
Like that.
Absolutely.
The reason I'm calling is, have you ever been to Valkyrie?
No.
You want to check out the new hotel there by the people
who made it to Treasure Island Marigia,
it's not supposed to be.
No.
The Bolrovage.
Yeah.
It's really special.
No.
I'm not going.
In fact, the people that own Pompato Park now,
they also own one or more of the casinos over there in Valkyrie,
and they're always saying to me,
if you ever want to go over there,
you know, we'll get your freebie and set you up.
Whatever you want.
And I always say,
No.
No.
Well, I mean, I realize that...
Now, let me ask you this.
How do you get from...
Well, you're in Tampa,
but how would you get from here to there?
I'm sure that there's no non-stop flights.
Yeah, yeah.
Right to Goldport Block for Airport.
It's AirTran from...
from right from St. Peter Street.
It leads here from St. Peter to St. Peterport also.
It goes...
It's like 45 minutes flight to...
to Goldport Block for you.
And then it's...
You know, we've been...
we've been made to maybe five or six of the hotels there
on the last trip.
And by...
by far the borough of Vodges tonight is...
I mean, it's the only Vegas glass casino
in the entire place, the rest of her time.
Yeah, I just have to...
The ingrained prejudice against the deep south.
So when I hear Goldport or...
especially,
the Luxemist's hippie,
I just...
Oh, a cringe.
You know, the link is...
When I was on the train and they said,
this train is now in the hands of the Truman Police.
I just...
I'm very nervous, you know.
And I have a shameless request.
Yes, sir.
Last week,
when you were gone,
George pleaded thing with Phil Henry and Lee Irmy.
You know what you want to talk about?
Phil Henry and Lee Irmy?
Yeah, Lee Irmy.
He was the...
a drill instructor from Fullmetal Jack.
He was in that movie.
And George played a...
an interview with them.
I got...
I don't know if it was actually...
Phil and the guy are just still doing a voice.
But if you have that,
I'd love to hear it again.
Like...
George is shaking his head like,
you don't know what you're talking about?
No, I've...
I've played it. We have...
I'm shaking my head because you don't know what the man's talking about.
No.
I know what's cut that is.
Yeah.
Okay, listen. Have a great day.
I'll see you in the clear water.
Thank you.
Okay. So you can't play it off the disc, though.
Why not?
Heavy bleeping had to be done to that.
Oh, well, I'm not going to do that.
Okay, here you go.
You like it?
Or I've got it bleaped.
Are you sure?
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
It's prayer or day.
In fact, here's the letter to the editor.
Another one of those stupid letters to the editor.
In the Sun Sentinel this time.
Roger Stewart and Davie says,
Religious void at heart of senseless violence.
Many people are axing why these senseless acts.
You need to look no farther than a high school biology textbook
or watch the Discovery Channel.
The message, kids, you are nothing more than an accidentive nature.
Your life has no meaning because meaning comes from purpose
and since the universe is only an accident there is none.
According to David L. Wheeler, biologist,
humans are not evolution's most important results that Tyria are.
Abraham Lincoln made a prophetic statement and we have seen its fruition.
Remove bibles from the schools and replace them with police.
By the way, separation of church and state is none the Constitution or many official document
put forth by the founding fathers.
Roger Stewart and Davie says,
Another one of these simplistic answers to all these problems.
In other words, if they just put the prayer back into school,
there was another letter just like this in a paper yesterday.
Well, since 1962 when it took prayer out of the school,
that's what all hell is broken loose.
Did you pray in school?
Well, I forget about you, you're not old enough.
We had silent meditation when I went to elementary school.
Well, when I went to school, which is pre-graduated high school in 1960,
Canon Deiguo Academy, which was a great school,
was very, very high.
A lot of us in the National Honor Society,
a lot of us were geniuses then.
I don't know what happened in the meantime.
Did we pray in school?
No.
Did we have a bunch of murderers and rapists
and people are bringing guns and knives to school?
No.
We don't have a goddamn thing to do with prayer, sir,
and all you other nutcases with your simplistic solutions
to this barbaric, grotesque behavior, God damn it.
Just like we got two great stories.
Yoko Stelephone, that one I missed yesterday.
Well, we're busy with Cinco de Mayo yesterday.
Driver plows through daycare play ground.
This is in Costa, Mexico, California,
and kills two little kids, three and four years old.
We'll get to these.
And then, of course, the other one, closer to home,
Joseph Cotto killed those two old people.
They arrested him yesterday.
And when they asked him, why did he do it?
He said, I was in a killing mood.
He was in the mood, okay?
Like Glenn Miller says, in the mood.
Remember Glenn Miller?
He's dead, too, by the way.
Why's he killing the war?
What?
I don't know.
W-W-W-2, but I'm Miller.
I liked him, though.
Damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it.
No, you didn't.
You didn't like Glenn.
So he's like, sure.
Swing this.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, how about swing clubs?
We never got our spy report from 2 nights ago on Channel 10,
which I did not watch that thing.
Since number one, there was a hockey game on,
and number two, I wouldn't watch Channel 10 news
that they paid me by the minute.
How come we got no spy reports on their big...
Since it's Swing Swing now,
and of course the TV stations are capitalizing
with all the sex stuff that they can put on there.
Well, if people are all wife-swapping,
they can go, the police have a right to you.
I mean, come on, Jesus.
Like this morning, they got a guy on from Oklahoma,
from the tornadoes, one of the victims in a hospital.
He's got tubes in his nose.
They're interviewing him from a hospital bed.
You see that?
Well, how are you feeling, pal?
You're gonna go out and, you know,
you quit smoking, play a couple rounds of golf today or what?
Jesus Christ.
To say that the media is sick,
it's such an understatement that it's just mind-boggling.
Talk about idiotic questions.
Well, how do you feel now that your kids got killed?
You feeling okay?
How are you gonna get through this?
Got anything comforting to say?
Twenty before 11 and 560 WQ on this...
Start your mornings with a sippy from 560 WQAM.
Starting this Monday,
it's four hours of sex talk with Karen Kay and Wally Sebo.
Oh!
This is 10 a.m. Monday, Tuesday, Friday,
only on 560 WQAM.
Oh, right.
Oh!
Oh!
This is...
Well, I don't know why I came here tonight.
I got the feeling that something arrived.
No.
Put on a arm or cut and don't make it off.
Yeah.
If you see your rabbi say my potato.
Smoked to the left of me,
puffed to the right.
Here I am.
I can't assemble with you.
Well, I'm...
looking at sample with you.
And I'm wondering what it is I should do.
I don't want to pray as though I'm in war.
And I know that I don't like my football.
Smoked to the left of me, puffed to the right.
Here I am.
I can't assemble with you.
And I'm...
Well, you're in your daddy business,
what you claim that you're a stubborn man.
Then your uncle's time comes over.
Ask your father, beg a man.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Baby picture of the kid from the baby.
Oh!
Now, seriously, we haven't seen him since that day, I don't think.
Since he brought in the picture of his baby.
And I said, oh, God, what an ugly kid.
Then he's taking care of business.
That'll teach people to bring me a baby picture to look at, okay?
I mean, so maybe I'm a hardened old bastard.
I don't think so.
I just think that most babies are pretty ugly, huh?
Aren't they?
Let's be honest about it.
There are very few cute babies.
Most babies are like misshapen and like, and you say,
yeah, I hope they stop looking like that real fast.
And everybody's, oh, look at my baby pictures.
No, I don't want to look, because I'll say something wrong
and you can all upset.
Here, you want to hold them?
No, I don't want to hold them.
In fact, remember, Disney, at the airport, you just before your time.
In Chicago.
Is there with his baby?
In the airport.
Holding his little baby.
Oh, here, Nio, do you want to hold him for a minute?
Why do I want to hold his baby?
And of course, I had had that stroke.
Luckily, not too long before that.
I said, no, I still got this weak arm, you know.
I don't want to drop your little kid here at Midway Airport.
Let's try to know here instead.
Oh, Jesus, by the way, the ribs that we had a minute ago,
that was just a prequel to lunch.
Everything we got to prequel now, because here's the real lunch.
John Penis there, who stole my 98 degrees album, by the way, the CD.
Did you take that?
For your punky little girls?
Ah, he gave it.
See, you guys, you got more stories.
First, you tell me that you never said Steve Norbert was an asshole.
Now that he came back to work here.
I did tell him that he could take the 98 degrees,
because you didn't want it.
It was in here for a year.
That disc.
Yeah.
Now they're hot.
It's huge.
Even John Penis says they're cute.
Oh, boy, that's the end of him.
I hope his wife ain't listening to that.
That's the end of him.
Yeah, the one of the lead singers is real cute.
When it's naked in that video that I saw last night,
we better start looking.
How come we, if we see a, we had a woman audience on this show,
then we'd have calls about 98 degrees.
I mean, we've got a few queens out there, but that's beside the point.
I'm just trying to find out the name of that song that's big.
It is so hard.
Something like that.
I was watching your video last night.
I was thinking the same thing.
I was thinking.
It is so hard.
And the video too.
But we don't have that.
So we got a nice lunch here today from our friends at Unsubbed.
And of course, we don't want to get chuckle nervous across the street
at the sub-center.
These people are way downtown.
They're down there by the courthouse and downtown Miami.
So they're not going to put you out of business.
Chuck just relaxed.
Take a deep breath.
We're not shining you.
No, didn't I ask you that?
I'm a loyal.
Even though Chuck, they don't need to be buying any spots on this show.
He can't afford like those cheap cigar spots, you know?
That footies tone everybody about.
You know, footies are such an asshole.
You're such a piece of pus.
Why 100 is a perfect place for you?
Where the average age is like fetus level.
That's the median age of listening audience on Y100.
Since Tanner left that place, it's never more worth a crap.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Tanner, our sales manager,
she's running around telling everybody she wants him to come back here as program director.
Did I mention that lately?
I mean, it's a long time ago.
She said that, but I'm just bringing it up again to stir up crap.
Because if anybody deserves crap, she's the one.
Spoken her her lately, by the way?
No.
Seeing her lately?
No.
That's why I'm in such a good mood.
That's screw-and-bitch.
Driver plows through daycare playground kills two toddlers in Costa Mesa, California.
A man who told police that he wanted to execute innocent children plow through a daycare center playground with his car,
killing two toddlers, injuring five people authority set on Tuesday.
When the big Cadillac finally came to a big Cadillac, big Jucanoo,
finally came to a stop pinning several children underneath the man calmly sat behind the wheel until police arrested him.
Steven Allen Abrams, 39 of Santa Ana, was arrested for investigation of murder and assault with a deadly weapon
after driving his car to the southeast early childhood learning center school yard on Monday.
Sierra Soto, four and Brandon Weiner, three were killed, Nicholas McCarty, two and Victoria Sherman, five were in critical condition with head injuries,
and a teacher's aid, 24 Danielle Necht, was in fair condition with a broken leg.
At the daycare center, an angry crowd of neighbors, parents and workers from the nearby church,
Girdes Smith was led away in handcuffs, a shrine formed after school, a mouth of bouquets, balloons, stuffed animals, and cards,
across erected in the playground red, dear God, please protect our children.
Well, he needs to do a very good job of it, I'll take it at that right now, okay?
He's not doing a real good job either in Littleton, Colorado, or out there in Costa Mesa, California.
He's not protecting children and he's also not protecting old people.
Because right here in town, on the front page of both of your newspapers, by the way, in the darkness police said,
Joseph Cotto hovered over the bed where the elderly couple slept.
Their chest rising and falling with each breath. His hands were gloved in white athletic socks to keep the blood from his skin.
He had all like blood.
It was the mood he was in that brought him there in the first place with a kitchen knife in each fist, one in each fist.
I was in a killing mood, Joseph Cotto, 17 would tell the detectives after they arrested him late Tuesday night.
Oh, by the way, to go back to the other story.
Before the guy went ballistic and drove into the school, he had been, let's see, where is it?
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, come on, where the hell is this?
Oh yeah, it says 45 minutes before the school yard killing, he ran this car into another vehicle that had cut him off on a freeway.
So don't be cutting people off on the freeway, Spiggett, because God only knows what kind of aborant things they're going to do after that.
As if that somehow explains to us, he was pissed off and fired up and decided to drive into a nursery school and kill a bunch of kids.
But anyway, getting back to Joseph Cotto here in town who says he was in a killing mood,
that's why he broke in through the jealousies of his next door neighbor's window, police said.
That's why he stood in their house for two hours, working himself up until he seeds with anger and waited for the couple to wake up.
And that's ultimately why he stabbed John Joseph Holsneck, 78 over and over again after a brief struggle.
And that's why when Mary Rosehold's next 77 awoke during the commotion, he stabbed her two and splashed both their throat police said.
When the killing was over, Joseph Cotto, a middle school dropout who lived with his parents next to the whole next for about two years, put his bloody clothing in a plastic bag, then he put an extra pair of jeans on he had brought with him and one of John Holsneck shirts from the closet.
Stabbed this guy 50,000 times, kills him and his wife then and then he puts the guy shirt on.
He washed his hands with Cologne in the bathroom sink and sprayed Cologne in the air conditioning vent.
He put a towel in the crack under the door to prevent the stench of death from spreading.
He didn't like the smell of blood he told police.
So he spritzed a lot of Cologne and you know, making sure we covered it up pretty good.
But if we just prayed a lot, you know what I'm saying?
If they would have just put the 10 Commandments over the door there at the Holsneck's house, maybe he wouldn't have done this.
You believe that?
Yeah.
And God is supposed to be looking out for those children and also for these old people, these senior citizens and everybody else in between.
Is he doing it?
No.
He's doing a crap ass job. I'll tell you that right now.
And we're supposed to be this is supposed to be prayer day.
He must need a hearing aid.
Let's get a miracle here for God, okay?
Because he ain't hearing you too good. Maybe he don't speak it your language. Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe he speaks some other kind of a God damn language. Maybe he's from like a Dave County.
No speaking English.
Whatever it might be.
God damn it.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Kind of.
Yes sir.
You.
I'm listening.
Oh, speak to me.
Just connect.
I just came back from Vegas.
Yeah.
The best crap block and the best kischka is in the stage daukittessen in the form shops.
And we're in the form shops. There's a stage deli. I didn't know that.
Yes.
It is the best.
It's like you're being in heaven.
And also M&M chocolate is manufactured by M&M chocolate.
It's owned by M&M chocolates.
What is?
FOM is owned by M&M's?
Yes.
Well, it's not like an M&M.
Okay.
Okay. Thank you to the good news.
Okay. FOM. We're back on that from yesterday again.
Here's a fact from Bob who says I graduated from high school in 1952.
And we used to have a moment of prayer just like today.
None of us kids in the class paid any attention to the prayers.
When we used that time to pass notes, look around, probably throw a few spitballs,
talk to each other and generally not to pay attention.
So I'm sorry to say to the simple, then the road to the sentinel
it won't make a damn bit of difference whether or not you have prayer in a classroom.
Religion is no longer relevant.
That's what everyone saw.
All these people would hear, oh yeah, if you just prayer a lot, you know,
if you just do this and do that and put up the 10th commandment, oh Jesus, that mentality.
Oh, look at this.
Here's a bulletin from Clear Channel.
I bet you didn't know this.
Peter Bolger now has a glory hole in his office door for easy access corporate sucking.
Oh, yeah. Excellent.
Must be keeping him busy too.
And by the way, your station, they all suck Pete.
The planet, the planet sucks, I.N.Z. sucks, except for my concern.
I.O.D. really sucks.
And whatever else you got, love 94.
They all suck.
And guess what Pete, you suck too.
Here's Davy. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm 15, but I've been listening for about 10 years.
We've been around since we were at I.O.D.
And I really love your show.
I listen to it in a world history class every day, really past it at the time.
There you go.
And I'm sure an improvement over the crap they're teaching there.
I'm positive of that.
Oh, big time.
Yeah, I just wanted to ask you a question.
Why do you hate Jethro Dull?
Well, it's a matter of taste.
I mean, why do I hate vanilla ice cream?
It's tasteless, like Jethro Dull.
Oh, yeah, you just don't like their style of music.
I hate it.
Okay, we're going to get a famous request for your kind of lady.
Okay.
Okay, and Big Can, you're an F and D Uzbek.
Okay.
Oh, God.
Did he say the old kind of lady?
No, Bob Lee.
I want to tell you something.
You're all about the sentiment that you're talking about.
I just like what you said.
What are they?
Are they all right?
I'm going to get rid of this old kind of phone.
You're going to throw away that you put in the ice cream.
Oh, I'm going to fuck you up.
I'm going to excuse you.
I'm going to excuse your language now.
That's true.
It's your language.
Okay.
I always liked that, Bob Green.
You know what a sense of humor.
When he was doing the Phil Henry voice.
It's 10.56 at 5.60 WQM.
We've got 400 open lines here.
Today we're asking for people to call in and pray for us for each other, for anybody.
Pray for the kids out there.
Save them from all these insane crazy people.
Most of them are religious nuts, by the way.
Like that minister who got well, we don't want to go in bad again.
5.67.05.60, pound 5.60 on the mobile one line.
If you're talking about it.
I'm going to give you a hand.
I have a good daughter, Dale.
Well, I worked in New Year's.
And I've got no fear.
I'm going to go with no man.
Don't be foamy, Dale.
The five-door lift.
Can you move that lift?
The choir says that seems you empty.
That you believe is just dead.
They said it's heinous.
But like a faith man, I'm so good in your ainus.
Right, come.
It says like a fan if you believe.
We said, fame, they're rising.
Your booty's shining on me.
Seems like a penny to me.
Well, say them, be brave.
The tongue-latches, I just tell you.
Make the hell by that damn freedom.
Now I'm all real super.
Got my tongue up in your super.
These hell enough you to sit.
I got a placenta, B.C.
My friend's called in number two.
I heard you yelling, Chacha.
But I prefer you to.
It's a psycho fan if you believe.
What?
The sweetest way to rise.
Don't lose sight in our feet.
Seems like a penny to me.
That's what a way that K.Y.
Is Ireland?
I'm going to shine.
Just think I won't hurt you.
Things do not deal with when I say,
I'll be real you're too loose to choose.
That's what's it all tell with my soul, Bruce?
When will I do?
These men feel it like a man.
You'll find it hard to sit down when I get done with your can.
A psycho fan is to me.
The sweetest way to rise.
Your mood is shining on the sea.
Things fly to panic.
Things fly to panic.
Things fly to panic to me.
What about 356, BW2M?
I apologize for that right in the middle of our lunch.
That was only the prequel to Rips and Tony Rome.
This is our main course from Unsub.
Jesus Christ, do people should read a lot of free food there?
Yes, we do.
We enjoy it.
We're sharing with everybody else.
They seem to be enjoying it.
They haven't even popped it in their pussy yet either.
Unsub, which is located at 95 Northwest 1st Street.
Miami right across from the Mami Dig County Courthouse.
They got fantastic subs and all kinds of great sandwiches.
Any kind of sandwiches and subs, you can also have like I am as a salad.
As if I'm not eating the bread is going to make a difference with me today.
With the 400 pounds of food that you're for speaking here this morning.
But it sure is very good.
Don't give me a look like that.
I wanted it.
Okay?
Like J.T.S said, you're JC or CT.
I wanted it.
We don't have one person in this audience that knows who 98 degrees is.
I mean, I feel really, and you know, Penis told me the name of the song.
And he was wrong.
He said because of you or something like that.
That's maybe a year ago that was a song.
Which I never heard of that.
This one is called...
It is so hard.
Hard to do something.
Yeah.
Hard to watch the video without getting really excited if you were young.
You know, I'm a lady who are fagged.
Well, I'm telling you, he's like naked in the thing.
He's boxing and he's like really a butcher in Macho.
And you know, any excuse to get somebody's guys naked.
That's what I always say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
If we only had some living and breathing women in this audience who knew this stuff.
Besides, you know, the 10 or 20 fags we got.
Here's Naples.
Hello?
Naples.
Yes, sir.
You know, this is a whole year from Mexico.
In Naples.
I see.
I found you by accident roaming around in tomato fields in the mock line.
Yeah.
And what got me hooked was hearing you talking about a Vertevia Kenan.
They were Rochester, Geneva.
Yeah.
I spent seven great years in Isaac, a beautiful Isaac in New York.
Right.
And came down.
That's where the damn Gary Betniss from from Cornell.
Right.
Piece of crap.
So, but I'm afraid George may be right.
There's maybe only two bona fide making.
Two Mayhino's.
Listen to you.
Well, the reason of yellow is a big fan.
I know that.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
I don't want you to hang up on me, but I really don't like the reason you get like sort of.
How about Enrique Glacius?
Less.
You like him less.
How about Erichy Martin?
Much less.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Yeah.
How about Christian?
Worse.
Yeah.
I'm kind of old guy.
I left Mexico in the early 80s, or those people are.
How about Puppy Campo?
I don't even know who that is.
Puppy Campost.
You know, about yesterday's show, most of the people got the well-known Mexicans outside of Mexico.
The one that they left out was one that only your pseudo intellectual audience may be familiar with.
Yeah.
And no prize winner.
The only one we have is for literature, or tab your past.
Yeah.
So that's okay.
I'll pass on that.
So that would be the only...
You only forgot that even though, what's his name?
Fernando Lomas, even though he's dead, and is not from Mexico, he's from Argentina.
But in spite of that, if it weren't for him, not only would we never have had Lorenzo Lomas, but we also would never have had Billy Crystal.
But near, you know, even though you may only have two Mexicans in Florida, if you were broadcasting in Mexico City, you'd be big.
I'd be real big.
Because here, really, you don't have a good representation of the Mexican.
No.
Okay. Or of anything else.
Right.
Well, listen, my friend, I'll stick here, meet us.
Bye-bye.
See you in the Fabia.
Okay, there's a Mexican from Naples, Nola.
So you got to go around the state to find what you're really looking for.
5, 6, 7, anybody call about 98 degrees?
No.
Well, what is wrong with this audience, man? Your taste are so limited.
Are you ever going to wake up and stiff the pantheon, the Davidils?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, like I told you, my worst nightmares confirmed
they're watching that hour of MTV last night, which I never watched it,
because there's never any videos on anyway.
New kids on the block.
Just when we thought we got rid of them, they're coming back as the solo acts.
Jordan, and what's the other one?
Jordan and Joey.
And neither one of them could sing it.
If you held a gun to their head, which ain't a bad idea, might scare them off the stage.
I couldn't sing the word of a paper sack for a billion dollars.
Here's a lady.
Hello?
Lady in North Miami?
What happened to her?
Well, that was nice.
But what was that all about?
I guess she chickened out.
What a bitch.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I have the name of the song you're looking for.
Okay.
The hardest thing I'll ever have to do is so hard.
Exactly.
That's it.
Now, have you seen 98 degrees?
I've seen them.
I haven't seen the video.
I've seen them on MTV during a speciality had.
Yeah.
Not bad.
Yeah.
The lead singer.
The rest of them, well, there's only four of them.
Well, two of them were brothers, and the ones with the big nose is their brothers.
Yeah.
But the lead singer, boy, he could, he could sure fight in my club.
Okay.
Thanks, sweetheart.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
He finally, it took a little, yeah, because he only got five women listening anyway in the first place on his show.
Because first of all, women, especially young guys and women of all ages, don't listen to AM radio.
Do they?
No.
No.
I mean, on Zeta, when I was on Zeta, we had not gigantic women audience, but certainly a hell of a lot more we got on AM.
In 18 to 24, number one by a mile.
Number one by a mile.
Of course, that was back in the good old days when we had a show.
I don't care what anybody says.
If I have to, I mean, those were good days and it was fun with the burden, captain Dave and all of that.
It was a different era, but that sure wasn't better than the show.
Now, what do you, I'm not asking your opinion.
What do you know about it?
I listen to it, yeah.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
He gets up in the morning.
He gets up in the morning.
Neil wakes me up within time.
It's not an afternoon.
Drinking my coffee, and lunch and I'm at home.
I feel very bad.
Okay.
Can't go back.
I almost got to that part where they started with you know who?
And you get very emotional about that.
How is he doing, by the way?
We find out.
We haven't found out.
But this is a much better show that has nothing to do with that element either.
Yeah.
It's just leaner and meaner.
You just keep getting better.
I'm not the only one that says that.
Oh, that's true.
I actually have gotten a lot better being on a station because I had to.
You see on IOD, you get complacent fat and lazy.
But on a station, you really have to work at it because this is like an obstacle course.
Running through the sports nerds.
You're a very young Florida gator team.
Oh my god.
I mean, we're talking pathetic.
We're talking about emotionally crippled.
So what about that 98 degrees, huh?
What was that?
Heavy breathing?
Oh yeah, I know him.
Probably Greg Reed getting on the wrong line.
You know, Pearl Vision is the place to go for all your eye care.
One night only in Folk, Ritson.
Centrum Silver and Shady Hills Retirement Condo Association proudly present the one group
taking senior citizen by storm.
The old spice girl.
So you know what I lost, but I'm getting really lost.
I forget.
You all your favorite old spice girls and get to spend some time with them.
And what old spice?
How about our five feet, sir?
What are the pictures of my grandkids?
I get a take-in.
The old spice girl.
If you want to be my lover, you have to be a time to spend.
More fun than a Matlock Marathon.
It's 11.15 at 5.60 W.D.C.
If you want the answers to these things, you have to count on the fags out there.
Here's a great facts from our friends at Club Cathode Ray.
From Paul.
He says, I love 98 degrees.
We play that video here all the time, and it's great.
Speaking of that lead, Singer, he says, it's almost time per lunch, and my mouth is wide open.
Oh!
That a boy, Paul.
Open wide, sweetheart.
Your mouth that is.
98 degrees, man.
I'm telling you.
See, there are a lot of young guys and young girls who are like in these groups who look good,
but that doesn't mean they can sing.
You know?
Like that group five.
They're British.
They're okay as far as the way it.
They can't sing.
And in sync, they stink.
No matter what they look like, they just see so under one hand.
Although I will confess, he's an ordinary mortal.
Unless honest person, then you are truly.
I don't have to come on here and admit this.
Because for the last year and a half, I've been fighting you about the back street boys.
I get all these calls from these people.
I must be writing books out there for keeping notes.
Well, why do you like them so much?
You like the way they look?
You heard those 400, 4000 calls we've had on it.
And I always thought to myself, no, not them really look all that good.
But I watched that new video on MTV last night,
which I already had seen in Europe.
The new song, I wanted that way.
And I must confess that Nicky's starting to look pretty damn good, you know?
I mean, it goes to Shory.
If you put enough makeup, it covers up the zits,
and even puts them up a little bit.
Maybe it's because he's from Tampa.
We all know how much I like Tampa.
Maybe that's what it is.
Nick Carter, you know?
And it made me feel like the day that we had Kevin and AJ on a show that time,
a little over a year ago,
and the rest of the guys over at Power 96, God, damn it!
No wonder I hate kid Curry.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Isn't it hard for you to say?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, a long time listener, first time call it.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I'm here in the port of Miami,
and I'm here with my boss.
He's a homosexual.
Uh-huh, great.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So what?
What do you agree, Brecald?
Yeah.
98 degrees is going to.
Don't tell me they're going to be up there in the outdoor appellus.
And do you want tickets?
When is this going to be July 10th?
He can get you really good tickets.
I won't be here, Joe.
I won't be here.
I will not be in the country.
Ask him when the back speed boys are going to be on June 5th at Amsterdam,
at the bigger arena they got at the Ajax arena, whatever they call it.
Ask him if he can get me tickets to that.
That's on the Saturday.
See, leave it to Woody Graber.
They're going to be here on the poor wood.
You know what?
We just can't make contact with him.
First of all, I wouldn't care 98 degrees if I were going to be sitting in my lap,
even the lead singer on July 10th,
because to go up to that place and probably would rain like crazy on it,
they'd get pneumonia.
It just ain't worth it, is it?
No.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got 200 open lines here on the board, as usual.
We got the mouth readers calling in.
Here's a lady in Carroll City.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I am 68 years old.
Yes.
I wanted you to know that I am a regular listener of yours.
So, does that count for anything?
No.
Of course it does.
Uh-huh.
Well, I just wanted to make a few comments on some things you had to say earlier.
So, we're going to head you to be the first one.
About where God was.
Uh-huh.
I mean, God gives man free will.
Oh.
And then he did that.
Yeah, but how can you do that when he already knows ahead of time what man's going to do?
So, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that makes too much sense.
Well, it does to me.
Oh.
But anyway, and I'm also a gambler, but I have a band of Vegas.
I now go to Mississippi.
Really?
Oh, yes.
It's much better.
It's better than Vegas.
Well, the gambling.
I mean, I go to gamble.
And I feel for the gambling, I do a better in Mississippi than I do in Vegas.
What do you play?
Blackjack and they have a new game out now called Three-Card Poker Fabulous.
And then I play the slots.
And I hit on everything.
I always come back to winners.
I've been to Tulica, the golf board, and the block seat.
And I mean, for a gambler, I don't think there's anything better.
Huh.
Yep.
This weekend, Tom's pretty good.
Oh, yeah.
Uh-huh.
Okay, thanks, sweetheart.
You're welcome.
I'll check it out.
Okay, let's get a lot more calls about the luxury Mississippi.
This lady says it's better than Vegas.
Oh!
Can you like that?
Anybody agree with that?
No.
Come on, she says it's better.
They're pumpin' it.
They're pushin' it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, it's Tom from Lake Worth.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about a book about a month ago that you were reading that was helping you
with your diet.
My mother-in-law's been on a diet and she hasn't been losing any weight and I told her about
the book you were reading and I didn't get the name of it.
Did you just tell me the name of that book?
What's book is that?
It was the last one that you were reading that I don't even know the name of it.
You were saying that the diuretic city would keep you from losing weight and some other medications.
Oh, that wasn't a dive book that was Jesus.
That was about vitamin B and about humo-sistine and I haven't even got any idea what the name
of that book was.
Not the heart solution.
They're the heart solution, right?
Well, who's the author of that?
You got to written down?
Kilmer McCulley.
Kilmer McCulley.
McCulley?
McCulley, I was in Colton.
Yeah, I was in Colton.
Something like that, yeah.
Okay, thank you very much.
Thank you.
It's a heart cover.
Okay, John.
Okay, two lines left in the board.
I guess I can finish lunch and go home.
Let's put another Marlins game on.
560-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
We are.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay, get you a real phone that works in the company back someday.
Okay, one call left and then we can wrap it up.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Sorry, George, you're lunch.
Anyway, listen, man.
I just been watching you.
Anyway, I just been watching like a new videotape that's come from this business called
Audience Studies Incorporated.
It's supposed to be for like, you know, the upcoming sweeps when you're going to be putting in new programs.
I saw this program called Tides That Fine.
Let me tell you, it sucks.
It sucks so much.
I can't even believe I said, let me be a volunteer.
And you know how much they're trying to say that I'm going to win 75 bucks.
I wasted a whole freaking half dollar to watch a blitz watch a blindy blitz.
Never mind.
Okay.
Let's go to a four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it?
How's it so hard for you not to say?
Let's go to a mobile in Opalaka.
Hello.
We'll put that at full on again, by the way.
The one that sounds like he's got 20 pounds of dog crap in his mouth when I just head on.
What is it?
Is that the guy before that one?
Was he Galby?
I mean, it's not like Galby to me.
He's not Galby Jr.
What's going on, Neil?
Not too much, Pounce.
Another battle here on the home front.
What a crap, Dave.
6, 10.
I mean, now 5, 60 is crap.
Oh, my gosh.
Anyways, you're the only one that made me.
What does that mean?
It's crap.
We're kicking ass here.
Oh, no, you're doing a good job.
But the phone line, the producers.
Oh, they're awful.
They're awful.
Okay.
Well, thanks for the good news.
And Geltie and them on a morning show on Joe and the big old boys this morning.
They're wondering why I hate this town like poison, except for the weather.
And a good part of the year, the weather ain't so great either.
Just take a look at this.
Two calls left on the board.
And what we got right now is I wouldn't wish it on Heinrich Himmler.
And the guy that drove through the nursery school.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about Francisco Aruga, the little wall pack.
Mm-hmm.
That guy.
Do you know about that guy?
Do I know what about him?
Aruga.
Do I know what?
What is there to know?
I know, of course I got that.
The guy is paid by casual accompaniment.
I spy here in Miami.
How do you know that?
Why? Because he has a different opinion.
Who has a radio station?
Yeah.
No, he doesn't have a radio station.
He's got a radio program.
Yeah, yeah.
He's talking to, talking to, talking to his favorite casual all the time.
Uh-huh.
Talking about casual blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well, let me ask you, does he ever write to do that?
Well, yeah.
But when a guy, you know, he's got a lot of people here,
who are hurting by casual.
And he's talking about how to do it.
Sure, sure.
Let me then, and again, I apologize to the audience.
Okay.
I'm loving myself because I said yesterday we weren't going to talk this crap anymore.
And I let this guy get on 45 seconds in a row.
No more of that crap.
We don't care.
Don't you understand?
We are not interested.
We don't give a crap.
Okay.
Give it a rest.
Adios, arriba de reche.
Hasta la waygo.
Aestica, you're all medas.
Go away.
The only reason I've been mentioned is because we got that bit there
about Francisco Abrucaz.
The only reason I mentioned it.
Oh, God.
It's so tempting to go back to the same old tired stuff, but why waste the effort?
567-0560, 05-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and curl spring.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, this is Todd.
Yes, sir.
And Neil, I don't get a chance to listen to your show too much because I work.
I have to be out.
It's thought I'd bring up.
But I never hear a 560 talking anything about golf.
What's wrong with golf?
Why don't you guys talk about something exciting?
Sure.
What's your first show, first of all?
Well, you talk sports sometimes.
No.
You talk about the worst thing sometimes.
Yeah.
And we're talking about golf.
And who am I, should they?
Well, it's a great game.
It's a sports show.
It's a game.
It's not a sport.
It's not great either.
It's boring.
You play?
No.
Well, we've had to come to the course right away.
But...
For what?
You still there?
I'm here.
Well, what do you want me to come there for?
I'm not interested.
I don't play golf.
It's boring.
It's terminal.
Well, I think there's a lot of people that play that doesn't agree with that.
You know, something there's a lot of people who love vanilla ice cream too, so have a nice day.
Jesus Christ.
In other words, because there's a lot of people that are planted who have no life and are just killing a lot of time and going out as an excuse to have a few beers and shmoozing waste a few hours.
Boring.
Boring, sir.
Boring!
Am I getting the message across, you think?
Uh-huh.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we continue searching desperately, I mean we're probing this week probing.
I'm telling you, we're going to put on the tape of yesterday's Marlon game if you people don't get with it.
I saw, I think it was Jim Berry that asshole on Channel 4 Sports last night, even though the game wasn't televised.
They had a camera crew out there.
In the middle of the game, they like panned around that stadium.
They didn't have 13,000 people there yesterday.
They had 13.
Not 1300.
Just 13.
I have never seen anything lucky in my life and we're carrying those games on this station.
Anybody want to buy a spot?
No.
If you want great Chinese food, if you want great food all the way around, then head for the animal coast and...
Floridians, dumb ass dirt.
Okay, let's hang out a queue up in time, but I sure give it my best shot.
Judge Judy, you know she's tough.
Hey, if I want any more lip-out of you, mister, I'll scrape it off my cable when I smack you in the mouth.
You know she's home-spot.
Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me it's right now.
But now, Judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all-new, prime time special.
Damn, whoa, God, sweet.
Come on, un-fox.
The Attorney General, the great fitness Texas, is allowing death row inmates to have their final appeal heard on TV before.
Damn, whoa, God, Judy.
Y'all say it's Judge.
Do I look like a disconfertilized ability you?
You must be crazy if you think I'm gonna buy that load of crap.
I said to you that death by the electric chair you are sitting in now.
Any last words before I like you up on National TV?
Can I get a cigarette at any time?
No, do these motions thrown in our fucking eight-prowled-inch!
No!
That justice.
Death row Judge Judy's style.
Tonight, time flies.
What a surprise that it's all fake, huh?
It's 11.32 at 5.60 WQM.
You just remember this, and whatever you see on television, 99.2.3% of it, it's fake, including those wonderful infomercials.
Except, of course, for my good close friend Ron Popeel.
5.6705.
And by the way, I'll tell you the definition of hootspots, okay?
And I know we got some people on the station who are professional apologists for John Henry, because he buys them lunch.
Do you have a lot of quick stuff?
Oh, yeah. He says that we have to go where we get the most money.
In other words, whichever municipality, whichever city, whichever county provides most public funding,
that's where we'll go for our new baseball stadium for the Marlin.
Can you believe this?
Just like I predicted.
They just plow right ahead. They don't give a crap if you people out there want to spend one dime of public money for the building of the new stadium for a team that nobody cares about.
That nobody is going to. That's been decimated.
That's lost 8 million games.
That nobody is showing up already now.
Oh, well, if we just have a stadium, then we can afford a good players.
I read this in the paper this morning. I just wanted to uptuck all over the goddamn floor.
Alan Mahsnell has written this in the Sun Central this morning.
Oh, yeah, but we have to go where the money is and resets.
He says the Marlins need a new facility because they can't generate enough revenue to feel the competitive team at PPP Park.
So if you just build us a nice big stadium like downtown there so that Mickey Harrison can have some company and the folks over to Miami Herald,
I think Geldy was right. I think they will build it no matter what anybody says.
They're just plowed right through. They'll ram it right through.
Whether anybody wants it or not.
Here's Evan Ture, a hoe.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Right about now, I know you're wishing you were still on vacation, huh?
You know, these people. Hello, you there?
Almost thanks, sir. I'm here.
Everybody thinks that a new stadium is going to help the Marlins.
The trust has been broken so badly with the fans and South Florida that a new stadium is not going to do it.
It's going to take a lot more than that.
Not only that if they started building a new stadium tomorrow, which they won't, but if they did, that's going to take a couple of years.
And in the meantime, they're still going to have the right to this season and two more years of this crap losing 120, 130 games a year.
Who the hell is going to have any interest after that? Who cares?
Move it to Canada, man. I think it's dead down here.
You and they don't want it. Move it to Moose Jaw.
Apart from that, that lady who called in about Mississippi.
You know, Mississippi is not even a third-rate Vegas. It doesn't even come close.
It feels like you're in poor man's Vegas.
No magic to that place. And in Amsterdam, you ever gotten to a bar called the Bulldog?
I know where it is. I've never been there.
It's a cool place. You got to go in and smoke the doobie next time you go by.
Okay. Take care.
Yeah. Can't you see me going into the Bulldog and smoking a doobie in Amsterdam?
They said they don't get it. You think they get it?
Yeah, I'm on.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm not interested in smoking some nasty smell and follow-wee, okay?
One of the most disgusting things I can think of are people sitting around smoking marijuana.
Anybody believe that?
No.
No. That sounded good.
Okay, I told you there's that girl smoking weed waiting for the train at the Central Station in Amsterdam.
The day we were going to Cologne.
Nobody's even paying any attention to work.
And why should they? What their rents does it make?
Was she hallucinating? Was she jumping in front of the train?
No.
Was she driving into a place killing little kids in a nursery somewhere?
No.
Like the American FNW? No.
But if we could have just said a prayer for those poor little kids that got killed in the nursery
by that lunatic and his goddamn jukenoo,
how is it possible for the big, so many stupid people in this country?
How is it possible?
There are people praying up a storm.
Is God answering? Is God listening?
And then these survivors in Oklahoma who were lucky enough not to get killed by the tornadoes.
Oh, you know, we just, we, God said, hold out your hand and I could feel Him holding my hand.
And He pulled me through.
Of course, while He was holding her hand, the other 45 or 50 or 100 people left to find,
since not their finding body parts.
And there's a lot more dead people than they thought.
But those people, he can only hold so many hands at one time.
Well, how many hands does he have?
No, that's a good question.
He's got the whole world in his hand. That's what Laurie London said.
Come on, let's take him.
It's an actual prayer day. Come on. He's got the whole world in his hand. He's got, oh, geez.
Just dropped half a China.
500 million people just dropped off it.
And we'll never see them again. What a way to increase the surplus population, huh?
He's got the whole goddamn world.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile implantation. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, you really make my day.
Yes, I do.
Listen, I was just wondering, in honor of Mother's Day, you speak so indeeringly of your mother.
And I was, yeah.
And it's just very, well, I just find it very charming and it's cute too.
And I was just wondering if your mother could call you on the air and it could, no.
No, no.
No.
Do you have any brothers and sisters I was wondering, because we never hear you talk about.
Yeah, I have an older brother, he's in California.
Oh, okay. So he doesn't listen to you every day.
No.
Any day.
So you don't think that your mom, we could hear you guys talk about.
No, I'm not one of those people.
I have nothing but contempt for people to talk to their relatives on a year.
If you have no show at all, like I don't want to mention Brooke and the Brandy and some other people.
We sure happy Mother's Day on the air.
Mother's Day is Sunday.
Right.
That's personal.
This is business, not personal.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Why are you so anxious to hear my mother?
Because I just thought it would be cute to hear her.
No, I don't think so at all.
It's not cute, even off the earth, not cute.
Then do you think we could do anything with Mother's Day?
Did you either plan or I put in your room?
Could we do one?
Could you want to do a famous Mother's List for Mother's Day?
No.
Okay.
See you.
See you.
Woof!
We've had several mothers call today.
Make no mistake about that.
Can you believe that?
I guess she just doesn't understand the meaning of the word.
No.
It's a simple word, two letters.
It's the same in Italian.
No.
Uh-huh.
Esponio.
No.
Inglace.
No.
Oh.
I think I have your mother's number around here.
Good.
Call her off the two of you.
Make a match made in heaven.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
On the 18-year-old nursing home line.
Well, I couldn't resist it.
I just keep coming into my mind.
Those two words.
Two little words.
22 before noon at 5, 60 WQM.
It's another battle in the big city here, man.
As we continue searching for anybody who's got...
I mean, even the...
Even the lady that called about Pallaxi.
We had two calls about Pallaxi and about Las Vegas.
That should have generated 50,000 calls right there.
What amazes me the most is not the things that people talk about.
And these shows in this town over the last hundred years I've been here.
But the things that they don't talk about.
And then we got some puttwacker calls up.
And isn't it a shame we don't talk more about golf on this station?
Ha ha ha!
Jesus Christ!
Talk about getting a goddamn life.
This guy don't know the difference between a nine hole and a nine iron and an asshole, a seven hole.
Whatever that is.
Seriously.
All we can say is he's an asshole.
21 before noon at QIM.
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha!
Yeah.
Five hits and I'm weak.
He vellos me out for the peace I see.
Like that ball.
Here I go again.
I got the mud cheese, mixed me want to smack.
And then I'll lie down, going to take a nap.
And then I'll get up and I'll make a track.
A double of toast and the buzz was coming back.
Now I get a thrill and I roll that weed.
Talk about my favorite subject of unity.
Make some extra cash and I'll sell you a little bit too.
There's our only roll I bought a snow to bet.
For I've known I hate to take that pure test.
My backboard just worth got only those.
For the illegal grass grows.
It's not something wrong.
And this is what's up man.
Give me golf.
Come on.
OK, 145 at 560 WQAM.
There's a picture in the paper this morning.
This is in the Sun Sentinel sitting room only showing a P.P. Park yesterday right in the middle of the brewer's Marlins game.
And there's a smattering of people that I noticed way in the upper deck down the ELF field line.
That must be where they had all those little kids they lit in for about 50 cents a piece.
They're about, uh, somebody said 5,000 of those people up there.
So maybe that was like half of the crowd that were more, we had to be more than half.
Because they're just a smattering just a few hundred people around the whole rest of the ballpark.
But hey, let's get some public funds together and Bill John hit me a new stadium, huh?
No.
Come on, let's do it.
Two lines on a bar.
Two, uh, it's pathetic is what it is.
This this week is every time you think you hit rock bottom here.
You come back and you scrape a little bit lower just keep scraping it and get a fist hole.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line
and just one things are going like this, what do we get?
We get the nephew walking in here with a sad look on his push to one out.
It's to me they got another QAM van hit today.
We can't get anybody on the phone here today, but they're going to go out with the QAM van, given crap away.
How do you like that and wait and have you seen where they're going?
Are you familiar with this?
No. The QA and Van will be in Fort Lauderdale today at the Jirk Machine Restaurant.
Yes, we'll put any on it.
Machine Restaurant. 1-11 Northwest Seconds Street just north of Bowerd Boulevard between
1230 and 130. Today'll be one of your last chances to get free tickets to the second
annual New Times International Beer Festival at the More Memorial in Fort Lauderdale tomorrow
night. And that's it. That's all it says.
Does it have anything else on here that they're giving away?
No. Like gas, like tickets to any ball games, like anything, like their best wishes, free
spots on a Marlin game.
No.
Today will be your last. I'm under what's the incentive there for them to come out here.
Oh, please. Free tickets to the second annual New Times International Beer Festival at
the More Memorial in Fort Lauderdale tomorrow night.
At the Jirk Machine. Oh, God. 5-670560, pound 5. You know what I'm going to do for tomorrow
I'm going to the record store today with this afternoon. Because I'm assuming that the
Collagen people aren't showing up today since I never heard from your good friend Todd
Dreck who should only croak a wicked death by the way who makes me nauseous and you're
right. I do hate him like poison. And you got the nerve to be talking about Steve
Nudelberg who happens to be a pretty decent guy compared to Todd Dreck. He ain't no
Bob. I love Steve Nudel. He ain't no Bob McCay. But seriously, I mean, you know, these
people, bap bap bap bap bap and then they never tell you anything. Like I'm just going
to go home and sit around and wait all day and see if somebody shows up. I got important
records to buy. We'll have a Ricky Martin concert tomorrow at 98 degrees. And what else?
Huh?
Creece in your pantaloonies. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 and of course see what I don't forget is
that this winter book that's all gone. That's the anywhere in March. This is the 6th of
May. This is El Sace de Mayo. And I have to keep somebody's, I think it was Norma. I
was talking to a couple of days ago. He said you're forgetting. This is May already. This
is the beginning of the end until like whenever the people come back like in December. And
he's right. How many times have I told you that? We have the drags left now. We have,
we have nobody here. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir.
Another great show. Long time listener. First time caller. I heard some lady calling before
about Mississippi Jamley. The last name is probably two dozen times over the last ten
years. Yes. And my wife and I and another couple made a trip to both port Mississippi.
She is the grand hotel and had a heck of a time. The gambling was great. The food was outstanding.
No, it's not on the same level as Las Vegas. It doesn't have the glitz. It doesn't have
the nightlife. But if you want to gamble and enjoy some good food with sudden hospitality,
we really don't want no Southern hospitality. I don't want that. That's the last thing that I want.
Well, I got to tell you the gambling was great. Not just because we won. Yeah. But because of the
way we were treated. The pitfalls, the dealers, you couldn't get friendly with people. And I've
been to probably ten different hotels in Vegas over that period of time. And never had anything as
good a time as we did going to Gulfwood. Very enjoyable. You never had as good a time in
Vegas as you did in Gulf port Mississippi. Strictly on the gambling basis comparing gambling to gambling.
Yeah. Yes. Socially we've had better times. Obviously we've seen better shows. Obviously we've
eaten at better restaurants. But I would say overall if you want to gamble, it's a great place to go.
Okay. Enjoy your show. You'll keep up the good work and don't get too disappointed with all the
octaves here. Okay. See you. Thank you. Okay. There go. There's a big vote for Balexie, Mississippi.
Am I going to go? No. No chance. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of 18 T Wattles line. We're still
pressing. We're still pumping. I'm here. Are you there? No. Anybody out there today?
No. Anybody out there this week? No. I'm telling you put the guy and they're going out there for
another one of these stupid things out there at the what machine? Machine in Fort Lauderdale.
111 North West Second Street. You know, what are they going to stop this? This embarrassment.
And you know, and also tomorrow we may be able to have the Enrique record in English if we ever
see what's his name again. That was threatening to bring it in here the other day. I know what his name is.
I don't want to give him any publicity. Andrew Kuhnann in junior. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Miami Beach. Hey, Neil, listen, I know you can't stand all this Cuban talk, right? But as long as you're
going to let's go to a coral spring. Hello. Hey, are you doing Neil? Okay, sir. How you been? Okay.
I just want to call a couple of friends and do you know? Go ahead. We'll give them a call and
they'll let us know how they react. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 8, this, I listen, I'm not going to give the
numbers out anymore. You've had no material, okay? You're not fooling me. I had a good time in
over there in Europe. I come back here to a bunch of deadheads who have no material.
So I'm just going to play music and sit around and pop for a couple of hours.
And then I come back here to give.
ested.
When you say I wanted that way,
Tell me why you ain't nothing but a song today.
Tell me why you ain't nothing but a song today.
Tell me why I never wanted it today.
I wanted that I sang and mine.
You're mine, you're mine.
Be kind to the inside of me.
It's you today, but I don't exist that way.
Tell me why you ain't nothing but a song today.
Tell me why you ain't nothing but a song today.
Tell me why you ain't nothing but a song today.
I wanted that I sang and mine.
Now I can see that you're falling apart.
From the way that it used to be.
No matter the distance I want you to know
That you're inside of me.
You are my fire, the one you desire.
You are my fire, the one you want.
Be kind to the inside of me.
I am a fire, the one you say.
I want that way.
Tell me why you ain't nothing but a song today.
Tell me why you ain't nothing but a song today.
Tell me why I never wanted it today.
Tell you why you ain't nothing but a song today.
Tell me why you ain't nothing but a song today.
Tell me why you ain't nothing but a song today.
I want that I sang and mine.
It's all right right now.
It's love and 55 at 560 WQ and we got hanged.
That was your tea, man.
My head was full of water, damn.
There was a no farmer who's in a Donnie Rock.
He's had in the middle just shaking his face.
That's some boys who were down by the prick.
There'd be in the water, there's hands on their marbles
and play things that had passed more.
There came a young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass, she pulled up her dress
and she showed them her ruffles and laces
and white fluffy dung.
She said she wasn't learning a new way
to bring up her children so they would not spit
while the boys in a barnyard were shoveling
wrapped you send litter from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her
I let the fellow down by the dock.
He looked like a man with a ciderful home
in the country with a big fence out front.
If he has her phone like Lee, she'd show him her little pet dog
who was subject to bits
and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small dinner
and with a movement so quick
and then she'd bend over and suck down his candy
so tasty made of butter, sky
and then he spread with cream all over her cup
to see that she had stepped out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f**k yourself.
Come on, let's talk a little bit of golf dog.
Come on, it's a 12 note and 560 WQM.
We've got a real dense crowd here today.
Let me tell you, in every year aspect of the word,
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Here's Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm heading to Italy today.
And the first thing I'll do of course is
by the cigar fishing out of Miami in Miami Airport.
And then I'm wondering if you have any suggestions,
little places out of the way places
that are musty.
We're going to Rome, Florence, the Cinkatara and Venice.
We'll have a great time.
Any place in the Cinkatara, that's a musty spot
or a must-hit restaurant or something?
No.
Nothing.
Just don't go to McDonald's.
Enjoy it all.
OK, have a great time.
Thank you.
Here's our last call of the day.
Here's a mobile pig report in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You got some motorcycle cops there
in between McNabb and Atlantic and the median.
They got some people pulled over.
I don't want anybody else to be next.
OK, God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
OK, just don't answer anymore.
I'll take them.
OK, let's just do it that way.
The rest of the day, it'll spice it up a little bit.
Oh, seriously, they're mentality.
That's just the way they are.
Here's a mobile and maybe not.
Mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
I'm just now at this town some more morning.
Yeah.
I'm in Italy.
Now I wish.
Oh, Mississippi?
I'm Tuneca.
You were in Tuneca and going to Mississippi?
I'm going to Lina.
Lina.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now I'm all VIP comped out at the horseshoe.
So I've been going there for a few years now.
I usually have a pretty good time for a try there.
No, I never been to Mississippi.
I want to drill through there real fast.
I grew up out in Vegas.
I'll tell you, it's the closest the casino
is to when I manage the games in Vegas that I've seen.
I don't know.
OK, I'll have a great time and I'll take your word for it.
OK, I'm not going to Mississippi.
OK, I do appreciate it.
Ask for people to call about that.
But if you think that I'm going to go there,
the answer is very clearly no chance.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line, QAN.
Hello now.
Yes.
How are you?
OK.
Listen, I just wanted if I could pass a message on to John Henry.
Yeah.
Hey, John, just my ass.
OK, thank you.
You hear that, John?
See, we have people kissing his ass.
People have worked on this station kissing John Henry's ass.
For whatever reason, I don't know.
But the fact is, maybe you're a nice guy, John Henry.
Maybe not.
I don't know yet.
I want to know you.
But forget about that ballpark.
Please, do us all the favor and just take the team and go away
somewhere.
Nobody here cares.
There's no interest.
There's as much interest in that ballpark
as there isn't a show today.
None.
Nobody, QAN.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a favor to support a recon for you.
I'm listening.
Roberto Clemente.
OK, thank you very much.
Roberto Clemente.
Did we have that yesterday?
Yes.
5,000 times.
Did we have it?
Yes.
What do I tell you?
These people, this is the weakest bunch of people.
I'm touched.
It's unbelievable.
How about, let's talk about Fernando Lomas again.
OK, he's from Buenos Aires, Argentina.
You look marvelous.
WQAM.
QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm going over to sunrise.
Is there any hot points I can hit?
McDonald's there on the corner right near the shelter.
Oh, I know.
Wait a while, Neil.
I know.
I know where the stadium.
I'm telling you.
Listen, I got one thing to tell you.
These people just amaze me.
Are there any little out of the way, you know,
global guy?
I'm not sure what they're talking about.
You are the guy to the world, Neil.
To put this whole big thing to bet.
OK, if you let me.
WQAM.
Hey, George.
Yeah.
OK, hold on.
Where are you calling from?
Boca.
OK, let's go to Boca.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
They're not going to be interrupting you today for baseball, are they?
Oh, I wish.
I pray.
I pray we had a game coming up in about five minutes away.
This is going.
Oh, that's all right.
I don't understand this crowd.
They get pissed off if we got a ball game like it's
taking their livelihood away if they interrupt the show
like yesterday.
And then when I'm here for the whole four hours,
nobody wants to speak to me.
I don't get it.
I don't understand this crowd.
This is a retarded crowd.
I don't get this place.
All right.
I've never gotten through this, Neil.
Yeah, well, you're on now, man.
I know.
I'm doing, I'm doing screamers.
And I can't get more than a couple of calls with up here at the same time.
That's the kind of audience we got here now.
And it's May, June, July, August, September, October, November.
We got another six months like this.
The party's over, baby.
Everybody with a brain, they already got out of this town while they're getting
was good.
And now we're stuck here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
And then this morning, they're talking about, oh, there's nothing to do in New York,
New York, New York, New York, New Orleans.
Nothing to do there.
Right.
I can't think of a more boring place than New York.
Can you?
What about your suckle there?
Because you got a basketball rivalry going on.
So let's talk about what a boring place New York is.
Jesus Christ, default man.
That guy was right that called us more and called him a suckle.
QAM.
QAM.
WQAM, yes, sir.
Hi, I like to talk to Neil.
Recon from?
In Comber 5.
OK, let's go to Pember 5.
Hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got suggested by the good people over at all.
I'm a little bit over atron.
It starts today, runs through the fleet.
God bless you, sir.
Always liked you a lot.
You know, I was surprised when they called me on the field, if I would be a part of it,
they said that they would pay me for it.
Right.
You know how much they pay you?
Two bucks.
Well, $1.
Oh, now it's $1.
Oh, that's right.
You're a white.
Put out some black face.
I think they play a five bucks.
Well, I'm going to put you down.
I hope you get a nice big fat bonus next rating.
God bless you, sir.
All right.
I'll say a prayer for you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We always like the people of the diaries.
We never tell me anything about, you know, so do this because you can't do that because
they get real uptight up there in Beltsville, Maryland, all those going up there.
So we never tell you what, oh, now all of a sudden they finally caught on.
You know, this is so slow here.
It must be the heat.
It's got to be the heat.
I'm not talking about the vaccine ball team.
And please don't try to rationalize for me.
A bunch of white people going to watch a bunch of seven foot tall black guys jamming each
other with the elbows and jamming them all on a basket.
I'm sorry.
I don't buy that.
You're not fooling me.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
You're going to the bitch.
Okay.
Thanks.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes.
I'm Q-A-N.
And I don't know what to do with myself, man.
Well, how about go play with yourself first start.
Probably got plenty of practice.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
It is.
Hey, Neil.
Green Thursday, sir.
I know these to this audience.
They haven't caught on yet.
Screenless Thursday from Erdogo to a clock.
That's great.
Hey, did you ever get a, uh, I sent you a couple pictures.
It was a billboard.
This was a while back.
A billboard.
It said, uh, you know, that's one of the famous sun coast gun shows or whatever on a billboard.
And on the back, it had that, uh, I don't know if you ever saw a billboard said not one more dead child.
No.
It was, it was against guns on the very backside of this billboard.
Was that, um, sun coast or gold coast show that they're all on the side?
Yeah.
I know.
I do believe that.
Of course.
I, I'm just wondering when it's going to be before we have the gun show spots starting on this, uh, uh, station on, the show again.
You know, it killed me that you don't have say so on what spots are on there.
No, nobody's got that.
Nobody's got any control over.
I know.
I wish, I wish you had, um, but Neil, the other day, my wife could do a spiced those spots up a little bit.
You know.
Hey, I know you're not big.
You're not big on that bowlboard.
would be goalberg but my wife loves her and she always watches that the Hollywood Square show they
had a survey 66% of the priest survey could not recite the 10 Commandments Neil. I mean that's
in a nutshell. Here they are trying to preach all this crap they don't even know what they're preaching.
I mean it's absurd. They'll shout out the militia's altar boards. There's a fact in the church.
Yeah that should be the first one on the list that's for sure. Okay God bless you sir it's prayer
day. Go put your hands together. Oh hallelujah. And say a good prayer okay. We still have got no
calls about that. It's prayer day. God damn it. What's wrong with you heeding bastards out there.
We're supposed to be praying today. Save the children from all this slaughter from these crazy
people. Save the senior citizens. Save all the rest of us. Save everybody from crazy people like
Stoltenheston. What is this story on this line? Hello. Yeah Neil. Yes sir. Get it alive.
Four to five. Okay I'm glad I was just doing a line check there and thank you very much. He
cooperated. That was good. The answer sir is dead as a door nail. Hey guess what John
Henry we don't want your god damn new stadium okay. I mean talk about arrogance. He just
announces it's not a question of if it's just a question of where. That's kind of a new twist on
that old deal. Where where you're going to build it for me. We got something that you can have for
free. Back them. Jackass. Hey you're looking for a fast easy reliable access to the internet with
a hundred percent session with Hoki. I'm the next. Where in the world is Carmen San Diego? The kids
track down the elusive San Diego to a hero in Saudi Arabia where she has been selling teenage
girls to a Stolten as sex slaves. Play along as they follow the erotic clues to Carmen's whereabouts.
We may be public broadcasting but we know sweeps when we see it.
Fourteen at five fifty.
WQ I am. You know what I want now banana split. What? Doesn't that sound good? I don't give a
crap about Atkins or Skatkins or any of that right now. We've heard of all we both ate way too much
in the first place. I mean at some nerve with that Jeff Hyde to bring us in ribs from Tony Romans
when we had another lunch coming already like like we needed a prequel to lunch. We're not
all fat slabs like here. But if an anus splits on it's really good. We don't have any place
around here like that you know. That's what we need is like an old soda fountain. Oh god. Didn't
what what the drug chain used to have those not Walgreens. Was it Rexall? Was it? You
stabbed like a real soda fountain where they had a soda jerk you know I'm talking about.
Kitty on it. Yeah he was in there. Maltons. With cream. Right like a real authentic
maltan. Oh god. Heavy on the malt. I feel like a maltan. I know you look like marvelous.
What that sounds good. I know it's bad for. I get your blood sugar soaring up there and
that though all those homo cysteines that homoproblem you got. I don't care. That's this audience.
Doesn't do you? I realize now you know I went on vacation for nine days. I came back. I weighed
exactly the same. I'm not saying I didn't need a little bit of crap while I was with but nothing
you know not too much. Nothing real bad. Weight exactly the same as well. That's pretty good for
going on vacation I would say. Especially with that great food on Virgin Atlantic by the way on
the plane. Did I mention Virgin Atlantic enough times yet? No. God are they great. They really are.
But right now that sounds so goddamn good. Used to be a drugster over on Alton Road when I
lived on the beach very briefly in 1976. There was a drugster. I told you this story the day that
my credit card wouldn't work in the thing at Flagship Bank. Remember Flagship Bank?
And I went to the bank to take a few bucks out and the for whatever reason the thing was out of
order. I couldn't get any cash. I had no cash on a Sunday. And I was going to go hungry. I felt
like some kind of like a hunderling. And I'm crossing Alton Road to go back to my little apartment
where the Spanish Jews were. He used to make all that noise and drove me out. And I looked down
on it by the curve and there's eight one dollar bills. I'll like rolled up some of you dropped eight
bucks. And I went into that day. It was like a pharmacy but they had a soda fountain in the front.
I'm sure it's long gone. God was that good. And for dessert I had a nice big banana split.
WQA in. WQA in. And how are you doing? Okay sir. You're picking up the false today huh?
I am now. Listen I just want to let you know. You wouldn't touch this show with somebody else's hand.
I wanted to tell you about a great movie. I'm kind of a movie buff. I saw a great movie yesterday.
The guy was nominated for an Oscar but it's one of those movies that you know they didn't spend a
lot of money. And you know they don't get like Titanic all the exposure. It's called the American
history X. Yeah. You got you got to you got to check out that flick. It's a very good movie. You
know speaking of all these skinheads and all this problem in Colorado. It's it's a very good
insight and that should be required reading for for teenagers nowadays. Tell you the truth.
So check it out okay. Okay thanks. Okay what do you say? He said and what was it called American
graffiti? That was a bad movie. That was really bad. Although they did that it was at a soda
fountain. They had a soda jerk. They had a. Who used to bring the stuff out to the curb side.
Like they do with steak and shake. I wonder when a steak and shake opens very soon by the way.
I think it's next month. The one out there by the sawgrass. I wonder if they're going to have
curb service like they do in Tampa and Orlando with steak and shake. Now there's a place you can get
a good chocolate malthan. Mmm god. Seeing if there was a god all the stuff that tastes so great
it wouldn't be bad for you wouldn't kill us. That right there that should the proof should be
in your pudding okay in your goddamn boring vanilla tapioca pudding. There's the proof right there
that there's no god either when it's going in or when it's coming out. Oh god. WQAM.
Hey can I talk to Neil? Speaking. Years. Yeah my god. How do you think side
couples are going to do in the two-son open next week? Yeah how about those couples at the
couple swingers places huh? We ain't causing about that by the way. No. About that thing on
channel 10. Probably our audience don't watch channel 10 news anymore than we do. About that
piece they did two nights ago. About that fascist Ken Jenny in Broward County. And it cops
rating the swingers clubs. WQAM. Oh my god. Speaking. Oh Neil how did that
with Woolworth used to have those nice ones. Right that's right Woolworth used to have a nice
fountain in the front. Yes sir. Have a good day. Thank you. Woolworths that's where we got most
of our equipment here at QAM by the way. No hot five sun to your banana splits but we sure got
some good old crappy stuff. There you go. Hey two of the three of Dex work on our car machine.
Dex rhymes with Dreck. How's Todd doing by the way? Did he tell us yet when they're coming to
a no you're right he's a piece of crap you're right about that. George says you're a piece of crap
Todd. No no seriously I'm seconding it in fact I think I said it first and George said yeah you're
right. I mean we got some salespeople that are okay like John penis and Brian and anybody else
that's it. Well the rest of the salespeople are good guys they have nothing to do with our show.
They're all sports halls. They got we got 50,000 salespeople selling the marlins by the way
and the dolphins and the Panthers and the interest. No no dolphins and the Panthers seasons are
a long way away and the only thing we got going out is the marlins and does anybody know see I
can't even finish the question and they're already saying no before I even get to you want to buy
something no because they know what we're getting at they know that the rest of the day is all sold
out we got a waiting list to get spots on this station. See I don't I don't get what kind of a deal
he must have made because the games were still continuing these marlin games and that lawsuit
we never heard another word about any of that but you know that no matter what kind of a deal they
made we're still losing our ass on that because not only is there nobody wants to buy any spots
but nobody even is showing up at the ballpark that picture in the paper this morning it's unbelievable
you could have not only your own section you could have your own baseline you could have the whole
right field line the left field line you could have all the whole area behind the home plate behind
the screen WQ I am good afternoon yes sir when I start this oh man like you I call it sick for work
today and I said the hell with the atkins when I'm got myself some enemy donuts and some wavy gravy
oh wavy gravy is good yeah I'm gonna sit here and just you know I don't show the level sword
it heights unknown don't go far from home if you have that wavy gravy yeah I'm staying close okay sorry
about all this south Florida clientele line here tough to get a good show together I'm trying to
turn somebody on your show yeah today's the like the first exposure to your show well tell them to
expose this yeah feel better pal anyway take it easy I love you see yeah okay hey I don't
worry about that okay if the guy don't like our show screw him okay if you don't have a sense of
humor like we're doing a show for one guy out there if you don't have a sense of humor if you can't
if you don't understand that we're doing a show in a good middle of a god they might be a funeral
parlor then look around you okay smell the death in the ear they thought that was smoked from
the average lady a couple weeks ago there was no smoke there were no fires it was the death in the
ear the stench of decaying rotting bodies old fossils prehistoric credence and that's
I'm expected to do a show talking to those people every day oh yeah to go to beluxe it's a
thousand times better than Vegas yeah right you first okay go to mr. sippy with a banjo on my
ears that to Alabama that's what we sent pop albury by the way to a banjo with a banjo on his
knee that's what the doctor over there said he said that's the problem get the guy named banjo
off he'll be able to skate better nobody said dr. Andrews whichever got it was oh geez and then
a Cleveland clinic let's get talking about them again okay I'm starting to get better now I
better get that hot-fudge sunday real quick well that sounds good hot-fudge sunday on rocky road
oh you know where I think I'm gonna stop on a way home you know they have that
basket robins drive through at a hundred sixty-third you know what I'm talking about right
off the you to right off the interchange there by the golden glade you just go east on a hundred
sixty-third about ten blocks or less and there's a basket robins with a drive through
hmm there's nothing you get past the toll-plastic and you know you can you can use both hands
now you're steering you with your elbows you know oh I never told a story about what happened on
monday I told you I'm driving home up the your turnpike on monday and the traffic I'm getting
right to five ninety five and the traffic in front of me is acting like a little spastic like
this speeding up and slowing down the typical south Florida fnway and I'm thinking about zooming
by them but I'm getting pretty close to the intersection to five ninety five in the turnpike I
thought okay I'm gonna lay back a little here you know once in a while even when you got a
ice fast car you'll lay back a little bit and sure enough I see a brown car maybe about a quarter
of a mile up coming horizontally not not in an angle horizontally straight across the road
and and I slam on a break thank God and the cars in front of me did the same and this crazy bitch
she just goes right across and smacks into the goddamn median rail there
and I look at the review mirrors I got by and that she's sitting there days and somebody else got
out of the car would have stopped it or was somebody else in there they got out nobody got her
past but the front end of the car just smashed she she made a quick right a hard right
straight across the fricking road across two lanes of traffic into the goddamn median nice going
lady crazy old bitch WQAM WQAM
yes sir remember cutting him those I was a good uh yeah in East Lansing right you're right
so you're back yeah all right that was all okay they were all over Detroit actually
well I mean the one I knew was in East Lansing where I was going to school but thank you so much
on Grand River Avenue so you're back that that's you know it's funny he should say that because
I was thinking the same thing so I'm back Christ you know something it's appropriate that it's prayer
day because when I leave here I'm gonna say a prayer that I don't have to ever come back in maybe
instead of eight dollars in the street I'll fight eight million in the street when I leave here today
in small bills in fact I'm gonna pray right now but we'll have to out of nine eight million sounds
good to me by that parade pre-hug off and okay I'll see you have a great life I'll see in
galaxy not yeah that's about the average speed of the people in this town but
Luxe Mississippi that sounds about right that sounds like where a lot of you would have a real good
time it fit in like a god damn proctologist glove in somebody's back home WQAM hello yes sir
how you doing Neil great never been better sir good the audience is under the weather but I'm
doing great I was going out the audience I'm getting ready huh what's going on with the audience
can you tell me I don't know oh yeah you're under the weather that's one to say I was reading
city line today yeah and I was looking under the singles thing yeah one on nine section one on nine
the singles thing the singles section and and there was some date line in there this is called
the swing and single date line yeah it is one crazy line I'll tell you I just don't I tell you
about that okay we'll call up Sheriff Ken Jenny and um sure he'll put him out of business
no time they'll all be in jail before midnight and he's by report that I channel 10 peace two nights
ago no I'm a swinging club no on a brown County faces no no just checking I don't want to get
nosy by the way I'm going to be talking to my mother in a few minutes about the mother's day
am I going to be doing that yeah that woman she was the best she was ridiculous help out having
your mother I mean people I call their mothers on a year and their other relatives
desperate would be a compliment you know what I'm saying Randy with a jappy routine of hers by the way
nice numbers on the afternoon they're at I and Z you know it's interesting look at the tremendous
steel the talent they brought in you know there was Greg and Mike church and John Ford scoop scoop
the poop carrying gay a hole and then of course this one who left and came back again
because that ski and ski and yeah and then what was the other guy what the hell was the uh oh the
chic now was that hit that was a Steve Nichol thing wasn't it yeah fine Neil you need to better net
net oh wait you know I never heard that at the end listen fine Neil you need to better net
oh my god that's beautiful 26 past noon at 560 WQ and lorek Ford stock radio 560 WQ and
and is about to present four hours of excitement action and fun 610 am Monday through Friday
we're proud to present the Eliana Rosanna Dana Ross Lateman show along with their
buddies aint tight kicks jersey jetzel and quad pepper 610 am only on 560 WQ am
always like that curvy jetzel it's 1232 in fact they named the car after him 1232 at 560 WQ am
we're doing screenless today it's not helping too much but we're doing the best we can now that
Peter Leonard that asked from our sales department just like he said in the door a couple of minutes
ago what did he say to you I want I want to where we count this conversation right on a year
toville he's smoking man he's awesome he's been great and he's been on fire the past two days and
you told me that he said that what did I say to you what an asshole what a piece of crap
well you didn't say crap I said with an sh I mean what is the purpose of that go out and sell
something Peter okay I don't need you to to validate my existence I got these numbers here in
for me you know why I can do with these numbers I can like that lady said that time stick him
up his ass then they'll always have him I could wipe my ass with these numbers for all the good
it does being on here in this town I have I have ratings that are so astronomical here that it's
almost criminal it's almost a sin it's almost unheard of to have numbers like these on a god
they make believe radio station like this on a a m with no promotion and a general manager with
a really bad haircut and a brain to match and in spite of that like I said I could
wipe my fat rectum with it then for all the good it does it's meaningless and it's never been
any different I don't know why I just you can't accept it it's never been any different 23 years
of a battle it's always been a god damn battle there's the it's not rocket scientists call up
and say something that's all the worst that can happen is we can make you look like some kind of
a jackass which probably don't need a lot of help and I'm doing screenless down here look at that
they're dropping off as I'm speaking because it only rings a hundred times and I'm killing a lot
of time now hoping that I'll drop off we just drop WQAM WQAM
I gotta fan this message in 40 mil WQAM
WQAM NIL yes sir I'm trying to figure out if you understood that hockey's nothing but
WQAM it's a baguette yeah hey how does the penis take WQAM yeah this is down NIL I live out of town
but I'm down here on business first of all I don't know where you get all these yentos calling
you they're ridiculous your favorite sport and I talk about it for a minute you can talk about
whatever you like sir well if I remember correctly I like to talk about penis you want to talk
about hockey go ahead I live in St. Louis but I know Toronto's your favorite team yeah it looks
like Toronto may have a good run here Joseph gets hot you guys could go maybe a long way yeah
what do you think they got home advantage the rest of the conference playoffs wow they make
you feel real sleeper in this whole thing could be yeah could be the offense hasn't even exploded
yet it's going to explode in the Pittsburgh series is they're not playing a clutch and grad
comment team like Philadelphia yeah I agree with you but I think that Pittsburgh played over
their head and got through that round and I think that well when they played over their head I don't
know what you're talking about I don't think this first up this year and I think they played a little
bit better than what they should have played with or maybe New Jersey or maybe New Jersey played
under their head and choke like choking dogs which they're famous for doing the last three years
and they did it again is more likely to allow them to allow a love of the general managers name
ought to do more than choke out of die if you know the relationship with paint Lewis yeah
we got through see that game the other night by the way I saw I didn't I didn't have to see the end
I saw the replay I saw the deflected goal yeah two o'clock in the morning then I know that's
the way playoff hockey should be played no it shouldn't who now wants to see a scoreless tie going
to two minutes left in the first overtime I want to see a six to five game I don't want to see one
nothing sir yeah hey I'm from out of town I listen to you when I'm driving around down here but
and god bless you sir okay good luck to you you'll need it although Dallas had a tough
time with Edmonton so maybe Dallas will be just like Jersey and just choke bite the big one could be
that's coming up tonight right here on QAM 745 Dallas and the St. Louis Blues and the other game
of course tonight Boston and Buffalo that should be a one nothing snoozer could be watch out for
that Michael Pecker by the way go to QAM because we can help you speaking no hi I never called you
before but today I don't think I could do any worse than the people you've had on probably not
where I'm about to give it a shot you were talking about stadium every day I drive by actually both
the Miami-Head stadiums the old one and the new one I mean what a disgrace that they run you know
two acres of beachfront property with a stadium when there's one a block away yeah and I don't
know seems to make all the sense in the world anybody with a brain that if people don't want to go
to the first place because it's an invited part of town and I kind of want to go to the new place
but don't confuse anybody with that because we got a corrupt mayor in Dade County we got a guy with
nine billion dollars of daddy's hiding in Israel somewhere over there Mickey Harrison and we got
a bunch of a lending suit that you can pull the wool over the rise and like I said they'll build a
new baseball stadium because there's no passion for or against anything in this town they just
don't give a crap well just build it you know we build it himself and put it out in the Everglades
somewhere he's not gonna build it himself he already made that clear who he's like a whore now
he's holding himself up to the highest bidder whatever city or county uh... assholes come up with
the most public money that's where they're gonna put the stadium he doesn't give a crap like you say
if they put in the Everglades he doesn't care if the Indians out there want to put up the money he'll
play out there and get the same number of people to come by the way nobody every dad drive by the
sale like one of abortion what a waste of good space yeah okay now thank you sir have a good day
and like tiny Timson happy new year you know what tiny Timson something like that
uh... five six seven one oh five sixty what we haven't heard about uh... lately thank god
when a guy from Tampa call i wanted to give him a medal for not mentioning uh... you know who
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line we got Hank Goldberg at
two o'clock we got Jim Manage at six we got the St. Louis Blue and Dallas by the way that guy
from isn't interesting the guy from out of town from St. Louis he had something to say about the
hockey playoffs the rest of the people of the town i'll give you an example of a brilliant call
this morning i'm driving in just want to get to the building some jackasses on there
all i'll tell you one thing if Brian Murray doesn't make a big offer for Eric Lindross with all
the rumors about him leave him fill it up you and gildey for once in his life gave the right answer
sir you're an an asshole you're you're uh... impossible yeah exactly
like they can afford ten million year for pavel brewery and ten million year for Eric Lindos how
about also your marioga will pay him ten million year if the appanguans get fooled up
there is no interest in that there is no interest in anything
so i look at what he before picked the topic of an anal sex there is no interest in this town
and anything that's all they know is anal sex and but looking which i see a lot of similarity there
and of course the poll question today is which do you first
look at or
stick it
isn't that what time hopkins always said i wonder if that's in here under the
uh...
said in here and stick it's in there i've gone time
by the way speaking of time but forget time jika
who hasn't written the word about our great rating book about the fact that there
was a winner rating period in this town and in this market
and it's supposed to be the radio and tv writer in the prestigious unsentinel
but has written the word about it yet but he'll be honored and i probably talking about
dog and dog racing and highlight for it capitol after the hockey game
come on time give us a break god damn it for once in your life give us a break
give us a little something just because i don't hang out of the track with you guys
twenty one before one at five sixty wq and there's a good lord even loves neo-rodgers
if you love those great songs from those great mafia movies you flip over real mad hits
not only does real mad hits give you more of that great mob music
but you also get awesome sounds of real mob hit
like look at the ice pick the armor getting his at the hundred and six street bob
a shop forget about it
who can forget solid a fish getting the old piano wire across the trope
if i remember correctly it was a b flat
so what a real mob hits now if you know what's good for you just by dialing
one eight hundred butter being real mob hits hey it's real forget about it
it's real club forty four five fifty wq and by the way speaking of hockey playoff
David janeel continues to uh... amaze me
you know i mean he tried his little job here in the hairlis morning with little
round up of the conference and he finals his predictions yadi yadi yadi he picks
the least to be depend with the six that's nice but
he's got the injuries on all the teams here
may believe injuries center alan mccolley concussion dot full defense and
Alexander carpets have shoulders to any questions about the goes on with
the penguins injuries how about the egor corla with a broken foot is he gonna
play the phoenix no no how come he ain't on there
schmuck but of course he can get away with it here because these people know
nothing about any of the stuff
hey a bit of kiddarek lindrow stare at your marioga too and uh... anybody else
we can throw in there
get a payroll of about two hundred million year
wqa and hello
hi yes sir
great uh... matter why would you think your opinion something
uh... argentinians i would you classify them
i mean here's a people that are Spanish but then again have the same background
of our classify them what that i would say i'd like to find out what people
what would you rank them rank him with what
and as right rank him with what is in the cross
i think i mean
i'm not much margin to know what i think i'm not
application yeah
it has white Spanish and so forth
i'm white i mean my ancestors are as white as
i mean they're from off trail it'll be yeah we believe you
will work with that we need your opinion on that
opinion on what are you white i'm what you're his fan history white well if you
want to believe that go ahead
but i mean i think we're white
we're we're in when i'm Spanish i mean i'm not like no that's no
the kilometer something like that of course not we believe
so i'm better than them right you're a lot better
they have better drugs but you better address your okay
oh god what is he there's another guy wants to compartmentalize himself again
like i try to tell you stop worrying about all this ethnic
horsecraft will you please stop with it already
what am i am i this and my dad am i what is he he's an asshole
Jesus Christ
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one lie
what am i like Admiral Stockdale who am i this guy's what am i
how about you know about five foot ten full of how about that i don't know what
you are bring it over here let's see it
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're doing screenless and i still got a pump to get all these
lines look up to make me feel better about my life
not that it makes any difference that it a Q a m
all right yes sir i'm a must by the way
and i just different with the other guy i got a quick
flexibility i i would have heard it in a while
do you think about the wire retiring about what
far from wire retire palm of wire retiring yeah no
someone told me about it and i didn't believe it
well tell me it's full of crap okay tell me to look at a box score he ain't
retiring okay just another home run the other night
and he's playing every day as if anybody cares anybody care about
baseball here no mark McGuire no philips McGuire no
call McGuire no no no no okay
wasn't the philips McGuire that got another thing with a cop out there she got
arrested for a drunk driving or something this is a few weeks ago remember
that got into a big snit rhymes with
and she said don't give me any
WQ I am how long time can you speak
you know i want to know i really love your show but how much of your material do
you get from how it's done none
sounds like you do i don't listen to how it's so how can i get material from
sir will you sound just like them no i don't sound anything like him i don't
talk about any of the things he do i talk about lesbians about big breasts
no you bring your mom you want to call your mom no i don't want to call my
mom some color i don't call my mom just howard call his mom
yeah i don't call my mom so your mama okay
get a life and by the way i'm glad he reminded me in newsweek magazine this
in that conventional wisdom thing they have with the thumbs up and thumbs down
howard stirring a big thumbs down here from newsweek it says
stern says little ten killer should have had sex with their victims and makes a
holocaust joke hello cbs it says question mark
not to mention of course he had that jackass caller on the uh denver affiliate while
we're trying in the middle of the whole thing to get everybody straightened out
get parents from being hysterical and finding where the kids were
you can keep powered okay pal you and how to hope you have a great life
together hope you're loathe together
wqa m
hello yes sir yeah hi k speak to neal speaking
no how you don't okay
isn't neal i'm listening sir but you're not saying anything let's go let's go
let's go no without any i just got to say when did you get back because i
just put the radio on your vacation right i got back on monday sir monday
four days ago thank god yeah okay thanks for the good news
and one we couldn't spit it out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
mobile one line
whether to q a m
hello yes sir at caplin your son of a bitch
wqa m call him up had to balls to call him up and say okay jackass
qa m hello hello yes sir hello let me say one more time yes
yeah i'm sorry George hey we're talking to you man
neal speaking hey how you doing you'll big fan of yours uh listen i saw
uh cmbc tedavis you mentioned you in the air that's what i heard oh that's what you heard
good man how about you know how about you know what's the market and it's good to uh
to read and see mbc okay all right have a great life
wqa from three days ago qa m hello
i knew yes sir did you hear of a jet to force today he said that he thought new york was actually
federal police was actually a worse place with a fort uh isn't that garbage i heard that he's
uh just full of crap he said there's nothing to do there yeah that's because they won't let him
back in the city i just hope the panthers do goodness you and i'll see you later
wqa m
nil yes sir how are you my friend okay i'm escaping this hot hell hole for the weekend
going up to new york city for a bachelor party yeah so i have to call the groom a big hairy douchebag
promise thanks nil wqa m i love you wqa m yeah nil yes sir
yes sir i have no problem turning my radio off at two o'clock there's no problem
but how come now i have to see that fat hank on a espm let me ask you something what do you have to
see it for if he comes down you can how can he can't turn you down you got the policy lock jaw
wqa m hello yes sir yes i want to make a comment on that uh argentina guy yeah
to nil go ahead we're listening nil yes uh so that argentina guys he doesn't know what he is i could tell him
what he is wqa m hey yes sir i have to tell him how it rules okay we'll tell him
wqa m that's why he's listening to this show qa m hello yes i'd like to make a request
wqa m hey how you doing okay good um yeah you know it's someone's home in house there's another uh
just this jockey um on i didn't know if they were local and i was always talking about him i think bob
done bob bob done and bob yeah no five sister bob bob bob bob boi i said rude
wqa m another Howard hole yes
how come Howard's people all seem to be that same mentality how can they're all more on yes sir
nail i'm listening sir speak to me you're not saying anything
what is the schwarscher oh what are schwarscher wqa m oh oh boy you guys are hurting today George
yeah and yeah i'm listening okay nil god listen one thing one thing down here in
large that's because all these changes from this from the best hockey being played that i've ever seen
and uh you know everybody panthers gone everybody turns off the set that's it hockey done what do you mean
everybody turns off the set they won't watch you when the panthers were playing either
but there are numbers in a symbol in a headroom for underneath spot fans bad ass left over
true but uh it's up great to hockey uh you know coming down the pike here and uh killing me that
Marty's track is no longer with us go yeah that was your buddy wqa m goldie your thongs ready come
pick it up wqa m i don't mind the interesting but i hate the swelling wqa m yes christmore please
always not dirty wqa m yeah blow it on my ass wqa m nil yes i have a famous mexican for you
wqa m line checker wqa m yeah hey can i talk to nil speaking oh hey nil um i just got a shameless request
wqa m hey how you doing nil okay listen to do you hear uh ruka's gonna have an english
wqa m oh i did you will shout out
wqa m nil you suck wqa m nil nil wqa m nil
hey nil yes sir got a question uh seeing as it's our it's national prayer day i have a question about
a book you mentioned a while back uh the death of god what's the author on that never heard of a book
called the death of god never heard or it's a well-to-god fair well-to-god is that it's in my Charles
temple well the god Charles temple then amazon dot com you can order right off the internet amazon dot com
right right thank you so well the god say goodbye say goodbye to god all right and why you're right
it say goodbye to you know god too wqa m oh yes sir who's that George no George god junior
wqa m well yes sir yes the kneel please speaking kneel agree with me now our jantians are better
wqa m hello nil yes sir yeah i just wanted to say uh my boss is either homo and he keeps it uh
wqa m George can i say good kneel speaking kneel to coolos
wqa m
wqa m saying and they had that by eleven thirty people had no material mark
mexican uh wqa m long live one bad day that wqa m
oh baby wqa m
and you there must have been ken Wilson yes sir can i call uh pre-act wqa m
kneel yes sir you have an intelligent uh conversation i just need to talk to you before you hang
up you made a comment about uh the the stuff combined with the the bombings and the shooting at the
school and how howard uh made a comment and everybody is on his case i didn't say anything about
how everybody's on his case because they're not on his case they ought to be but they're not
okay this is this is a situation and it's over three hours worth of eight and they take one
comment and they blow that up and it's happened with you it's happened
let me let me say it again he had i saw it live myself i'm not going to debate it with you he had
his underling their captain jackass called into the tv station pretending to be somebody from the
school making getting howards name on the media again in the middle of a desperate situation
where everybody's terrified for their kids lives and please don't try to apologize before i
want to hear it okay jackass and don't try to compare with anything i've ever said on this show
they should have been they should have been uh you know having sex with the victims there in the
school that's the mentality if that's the kind of crap that you want to hear on a radio it's a
free country he's got big numbers he's making a billion dollars more power to you i'm not going to
sit here and suck up to it because as far as i'm concerned suck is the word okay it blows but some of
you people he could come to your house bring the doorbell right now and rock 25 pounds of cow on
your head you'd say oh god howard that's the best smell i'm coward i had my life do it again
because you don't have a brain of your own okay you can't separate the week from the chat
whatever that means four minutes before one at five sixty wqm by the way tell Peter
Leonard i'm smoking okay smoking some really good crap yeah man don't miss the biggest
automotive event of the year it's potant in toild is nine nine dollar below in boy sale
why did the two hour
i get a little thing in my pocket that's my man you can't see what it is on the radio but it's just
long and thick i found out his power back when i was 14 i stood in the bathroom
on the floor the bathroom sink my mom a bar's been i was talking to him somewhere else
he said you're gonna go blind if you keep touching yourself
oh right
yeah
now lately lately i've been gone back to my roots been going back to old rosa my girl
gave me the boom so now i've got watching my keep running poor my mom said hell
have to wrap like that of a woman's scarves keep coming some spots don't cross your eyes
the male fix it's in your gonna go blind if you keep touching yourself
i'm touching it now mom
and thank you back here
now i'm a little older and a little more white it's hard to see where i'm
you can't just i got bad eyes good but that's my brain as i said i get these
thought in my brain are done wrong and some personal questions not an old hate sense then i should
come join the slug and breathe i don't know blind from always touching my do-self
i don't create five fifty w two m he's broken it
thinking of jerk by the way i was just thinking this is the only show in america where we have this
enormous number of people who have to pretend that they hate it you know what i'm saying
which makes them feel a lot better about themselves and that doesn't bother me because i understand
the closet is a large and very bustling place five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line that'd be the QA and hello you know the least people that compare you to how
it started i mean what is wrong with them there's nothing at all similar between you got
it's correct that's right you don't talk about you don't talk about tna like he doesn't
know the fact you know he's successful and i'm successful in my own little way in my own market
here and so therefore i guess i must be copying him that's a mentality to howard people anybody else
who's successful it must be ripping off howard well i don't understand it myself maybe there's
anybody else you know howard never takes hardly ever takes phone calls which you do all the time
right howard got a he's got a dozen people working on that show exactly he's got all i mean
everybody's feeding him information why he's so funny yeah i mean he doesn't do it all himself
like you do he's funny what was that well yeah but years ago yeah i mean if you hit you know i mean
i i i i i can't do something funny was when he had one dmc on a witch ass and some girl called
and want to know who had the largest penis he even he didn't ask the question to call her did but
anyway it's ridiculous and you people out there that that that want to keep calling in the compare
and you grow up or that don't you understand it's just another shot it doesn't make any
difference whether it's that or what it is they have to feel better about themselves so they
have to take a shot makes them feel less guilty for listening and and and as far as it with this
Colorado thing man with these news programs please just enough as enough already they're going to
turn us into another friggin oh jay they were that that's what they got in mind that's right you've
already got these kids that are like this moron that killed these two old people are now he's
watching videos if he's watching they that's their friggin excuse now they're watching videos they
watching like Howard viel said turn it off and leave it off and have a great day sir
that would a qa m hello hello new yes sir yes i want to say something all the some clouds that
listen is out there they're listening right now right you know they are you all a bunch of
faggot yeah and they love they love listening to another one you know i'm saying uh-huh
and that's why they wish they could give you oral you know that yeah if they met you somewhere they
did offer to give you oral and i'd probably pass in most cases right because they're all stinkin
Cuban WQAM that's what the research says here too by the way i just looked at the Hispanic research
to set almost all of these are um f**kins and they're in denial with the lila wva qa m hello
wva qa m
growing once growing twice wva qa m i'm dying over here
wva don't wait the waste too much time wva qa m
nil
yes sir
nil
wva qa m
the Cuban people
wva qa m
nil
yes sir
lot of upsets in the east and haunt
yh
such as
such as all the low seats are still in there other than terranif
what made them up uh upsets
just the lower
you think that i think the west is
dominant you think that buffalo waiting their series was an upset against not a one
yeah i do i don't
no you think that pisperger was surprising that pisperg beat the devil
yeah very
i don't
no no you don't think uh
please think about the left do you think dallas or detroit
or calorano
yeah tell you what the detroit calorano is going to be a bloodbath
starts tomorrow night
bloodbath that's what most of you folks want even without the big black guy named
whirl
come on whirl him somebody come on make me feel like a real man whirl
wva qa m
hello
yes sir
you
speaking
hey what's up
ha ha ha ha ha ha
uh huh
you know who that is i think that's the guy who says
he's asking about bay counting
oh i'm sorry
he he just got a little uh problem okay keep
slipping in there he doesn't mean uh nothing by it
he just keeps saying
he's asking about bay counting
right
i'm sorry
well at least he's sorry
we're not
wva qa m
hey me i don't um
f nancy serianny
say what
what is that
f nancy serianny
means what
that's Jackie jokeman's wife
and who i'm like a howie i'm a howie oh i'm cool
i'm good like that i just
a schmuck you sound like a new york schmuck to me
you sound like a real stiff fact the city the city is glad that you're gone
mayor juliani is ecstatic that you're out of the city okay he's delighted
that you're gone
because you're you sound like everything that's wrong with new york and
never was
wqa m
will be when are you coming over
wqa m
hello nil
yes sir
how you doing today hey listen i use sort of this cuban guy in the uh
wqa m
nil listen to you over the internet
and uh listen i have a really really
forass what do you want
wqa m
the new millennium does not decay
wqa m
you
hey listen i can do 20,000 of these no problem in that
wqa m
hello nil
wqa m
in course while you're looking
who's the who's he kid in that one
wqa m hello
hi i can mark new yes sir good evening
and listen to these moron ball people
i've been doing it for 25 years sir i've been doing it for a very long
time nothing to what's just that we're doing your
greater number today we're going through about 45,000 of them
you know you've got a you need to raise like double your money or something
I want to talk about the immigration naturalization services.
WQAM.
Yes, Neil.
And he's knocking the other callers?
Yes, sir.
You know they had the right to bear arms, right?
But they had the right to take the bullets away, then you want to worry about having the bullets
put a gun, right?
You son of a bitch.
WQAM.
Who is that in the doorway, by the way?
QAM.
QAM, hello.
Man, hey Cuban.
Oh, we're back on the Cubans again.
I'm sorry.
Back on the Cubans.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
Hey, Neil, you did a, you did a, what the, what the, you got is a 99 convertible?
No.
Oh.
Hey, one more thing, Neil.
Why do you care?
What do you want to just make if it's convertible?
Well, my friend got one of them, right?
And he has this projection thing that he projects from the dashboard onto the window.
So, when screener, don't know anything about that.
Yeah, it's the, the, the, the heads up display they call it.
Let me ask you how somebody do that.
You don't have to have a, you don't have to have a convertible to have that.
I got that.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So, can I call somebody do that while I'm at it?
Nine minutes after one at five, 60 WQAM.
Hollywood embarrassment.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White House Association.
Let's face.
Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful.
And that's pretty damn depressing.
But, as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi.
I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about Hancock.
They scare the s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, Hancock.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Probably bank.
Don't have enough money for fear?
Call up a convenience.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free.
You've got a Hancock.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
The simple solution of life's complex props.
All you have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Find a dancing on the street.
Just buy a lot of Hancock.
It's a great alternative to working problems out.
If you'd be considered a population control, yes, Hancock.
They just might make you think.
150 to 50.
WDF, Hancock, Lover, gets to 2.
We got Jim Manage in 6 briefly because 7.45.
We're carrying the Dallas St. Louis NHL Playoff game.
And then, after the game, we got Tom Jicke tonight.
Tom's gonna be spending a whole time on the Ed Kaplan show talking about the Arradi Arradi.
Not.
So you got an appearance this Saturday.
How much the big shot?
Wow.
George Rodriguez makes an appearance at Armstrong GMC Pontiac in Homestead.
My old stomping ground, no less.
Oh, in Homestead.
Maybe a lot of Mexicans will come soon.
There you go.
All the Mexicans are invited to come by.
Go to use.
And then, I understand, the nephew's been calling from that place where he's been hanging out.
Yeah, that place.
Am I gonna do any more of that?
No.
No.
In fact, don't even bring me any more of those.
I told you when you brought that thing in the first place.
No.
And I'm gonna tell you again right now for the next one, the one after that, and the 700 after that.
No.
Just forget it.
It's an embarrassment.
I mean, it's like, you know what?
You know what?
It goes back to the program director again.
It goes back to Pussy, Galora, and that room in there.
Because basically, the sales department in conjunction with Sam the shame and these other idiots in there,
they're the ones that they drum up all of this crap.
And he just sits in there with his little, by the way, if anybody's watching,
somebody's seen his death yet?
No.
George Longson's already got that employee of the month is $200 bonus that was days ago.
That was before I went on vacation, I believe.
And here's our program, our Pussy, Galora, and there are PG sitting at his little high chair,
I make believe desk.
You people that have two and three year old toddlers out there that sit at the high chair.
Those high chairs are better desk than what he's sitting at right now.
He's supposed to be our program director.
See, that's the problem.
This place just, it's just evolving at all these whirling durvishes.
Like I told you over a year ago, I discovered that like within days after I first came here.
Everybody's got their own little empire.
Oh, and by the way, that's not Sam's office over there.
That's just a temporary thing.
They're going to be a production studio in there by the year 20, when Jager and Evans come back in 25, 25.
Anybody believe that?
No.
Because they lie a lot around here.
That's one of their most famous things is they lie and they lie and they lie and they lie and they just keep lying and lying and lying.
It's the QAMF in way, baby.
And if you're part of that inner circle, if you're part of the undue shavals, then you can do whatever you want.
But if you have to be like an underling, like our pussy galore over here, our PG, that sits at this little tiny desk,
to call that thing a desk would be like to call a pencil a nuclear weapon, okay?
Seriously, that's how ridiculous that is.
To call that thing a desk that he's sitting at.
And he just sits in there, you know, sucking all the windy cans, whatever he's sucking.
And everybody else just goes in there, that's the end.
And if you want to tell you that right now, I don't care what your last name is, your first name is,
we're not playing these baby crap games anymore, putting this garbage on here.
If you want to take the van and go out anywhere you want, be my guest.
I'm not putting it on here.
Unless you got some real promotion going on, something that people might actually want to come by and to get.
Jesus, Kate Christ.
WQAM.
Please, some Ramstein.
I want to kill John Gibson.
Okay, good point.
I'll be right behind you online.
By the way, that's going to be our poll question from now to the end of the show today.
What music are we going to play tomorrow? It's going to be all music Friday.
Oh yeah, all music tomorrow of my choice.
Yeah.
It's going to be great.
I'm going to have Ricky Martin on there and Ricky speaking a singing in English.
I guess I'll have to buy that myself since what's his name over there.
Kunanan Zuni didn't come through with that for me.
WQAM.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Did you really argue us about David Bryan not chilling for the more?
Yes, I did.
Good for him.
You were good for you, Dave.
That just symbolizes, you know, you're staying on his own.
I give the guy a lot of credit.
That's right.
One guy that works for that organization that isn't a little suckle.
And he's a good guy too, right?
David Bryan is great.
He's the talent and net pair.
I'll tell you that right now.
You know, Wayne Hyden, you talk circles around that Bozo Joe Angel.
He gutted this team, man.
No.
It's unbelievable.
It's like a double-a baseball.
Did you see the picture in the paper this morning?
Yeah.
You could go bowling in here.
You could play around a golf in the stands there.
Nobody would hit by a ball.
When you go to the game, that hell will get your own teaching.
You can have your own section.
Okay.
WQAM.
Hello.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
Famous Puerto Rican.
WQAM.
Hello.
It's a meal.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
Just wanted to let you know about an observation.
Is Larry Flynn and that guy Buffalo Bill the same person?
Yeah.
WQAM.
Hey, Neal.
What's up?
How you doing, sir?
How you get a little all these jerks out here calling.
But it pumps up your ratings, right?
Whatever you say.
What can we do for us?
Or what do you guys?
The...
On your 10th holiday afternoon.
What do you guys?
On your 10th holiday afternoon.
What do you guys?
On your 10th holiday afternoon.
WQAM.
Turn up a little louder.
Come on.
You can do it.
A little louder.
We can't hear it.
Come on.
We can't do it.
WQAM.
Hands are probably both occupied.
Hello.
Hi, Dr. Neal.
Speaking.
Hey, Uncle Neal.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say one thing that the Murray Brothers can go puck themselves.
Yeah.
I am sick and tired of them.
I want to get them out of town on the way.
Well, they're not going anywhere.
I want them out of here.
They're not going.
I'm protesting.
Well, protest all you want.
Don't go to the games.
Okay.
They're not going.
They're not going to be protesting.
You get your little three by five car.
I got some of those buttons from two years ago.
You pull a little on built for his vote.
I see if it'll do any good.
You think so?
I think it'll do.
No.
I don't either.
WQAM.
Yeah, George did a really, really good job while you were going very early.
Absolutely.
He was great.
In fact, I put George back on right now.
I love religion the way he talks about it and talks about how people can be.
Well, someday I'm going to talk.
56670560.
Like I said, they're all morons.
Each and every one of them, they're all morons.
See, I have a lot of morons.
But at least they have a few people of smattering out there, people with IQ, larger than their penis.
WQAM.
Can you imagine if he did take phone calls on that show?
QAM, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
I just want to get your opinion on something.
Who's going to win a lead, third, and?
I'd say lead, six, five or six.
I think it's going to be exciting series.
It's going to be great.
7 to 5, 6 to 4.
A lot of goals, baby.
Evil feed-out.
Yeah, okay.
WQAM.
Hello.
That must have been Francisco or Rookad Jr.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Nail?
Great.
Listen, I said, uh, show for George.
It's going to be George and Pablo Pelota.
Uh-huh.
So it's a stick and a stick ball.
Yeah.
And in Cesta is Vesta.
Okay, whatever you say.
Aren't these people creative or?
No.
Are clever, funny, amusing, interesting, dynamic, alive, breathing?
No.
Creative, no.
Terminal?
Yeah, no.
What is it?
Okay, he's thinking about it.
WQAM.
QAM.
WQAM.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Have anybody been in town, by the way?
This is what it is.
Yes, what is it?
That's not basketball.
No, that's not.
WQAM.
How are you doing?
WQAM.
Hey, Nail, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
If they're terminal, put them on in the morning.
That's an idea.
And.
Good point.
You know, I was surprised that Buffalo Ottawa series, I'm surprised it went four.
I mean, uh, I don't want to just do that.
You surprised it went four?
Surprise it.
What was it going to do?
Was it going to be over in three?
No.
Okay, there's another good hockey comment.
He was surprised it went four.
WQAM.
What was it going to do with WQAM?
Money.
WQAM.
Who are you?
Boring, pal.
QAM.
Maybe you ordered up the air.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Now, see, you know, this is interesting, but now all the Julios, the ones I was looking for, the yesterday of the day before,
talking about that whole thing with the cigar magazine and all the stuff about the baseball game.
When I was asking for them to call, they had nothing to say because they had nothing to say period.
But now I notice all of these people that you're seeing is, and these numbers here.
Now, all of a sudden they're on the phone.
They still got nothing to say, but they make little sounds, little noises, little squeaky sounds, like,
Squirt Squirt.
I like that with each other.
WQAM.
All right, just parted.
WQAM.
My balls.
WQAM.
All right.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Perfect.
I'm Leo Pai.
Speaking with a sock over it.
Yeah.
You got a close pin on your nose or what?
What?
I said have a nice day.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
When I catch all those Cubans in the street.
WQAM.
QAM.
Hello.
Isn't this amazing?
I've gone through 42,000 calls here since 1130.
And we've had like two of them that were like real living and breathing people too.
I'm exaggerating.
WQAM.
It puts the lotion in.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
QAM.
You can do it.
Come on.
Stick that phone right up here.
I guess you already did.
WQAM.
How are you doing now?
Okay, sir.
Maybe I'll make a short and sweet Dean, not a great show today.
I'm sorry for you.
Why is that?
Well, you know, nobody wants to worry about you.
I really say much.
Everybody wants to...
Everybody wants to...
This is asshole Thursday.
They all want to be assholes.
They're doing a spectacular job.
They got no material.
Don't you understand?
This is nothing new.
This is just a different form of the same thing.
Yeah.
Maddie Kong.
Yeah, okay.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Yeah, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Over $50.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
He's slapping it.
WQAM.
Boblar.
WQAM.
Neil or Krona, the world world today, aren't they?
Uh-huh.
My God.
Um, let me show you around here.
Don't worry about it.
Bye.
Oh, boy.
Let me say it again.
If there's anybody from out of town or if there's anybody on the audio net listing, anywhere
else in the world, we have an amazing number of people who actually do listen to the internet.
All around the world.
And this should be a real good warning to you.
Don't ever even think about coming to this place.
Not if you know what's good for you.
Not if you value your sanity.
This is not the, uh, this is not the armpit of the universe.
This is the end of the world.
God fell asleep.
He took a nap and then this place is kind of like sprouted up.
Let your corn, let your callus on your toe, like a bunion.
26 past one at five, 60 WQAM.
You know what I mean?
How are you coming?
Premium beef.
You've down to red dog.
You've chugged a red wolf.
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will reach you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember, you can't beat a red cock.
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front.
131 at five, 60 WQAM.
Just remember those records are for John Penis's daughter.
Remember that?
How old is his daughter?
About two?
You get in the head start.
WQAM.
V-L-A-S-T-W-Q-A-N.
Hello, my name is Mitch Nielfist.
Speaking, sir.
Hello, Niel.
I haven't called him before and I've been listening to your program this morning.
And I have to say, I agree that your audience are pretty poor.
But I do think that you really need to take a certain amount of blame for that.
He wants to answer.
What's the blame?
Well, you will only discuss topics of interest to you.
So I'll discuss anything you want to discuss.
Read it on the discuss.
What do you want to discuss?
I want to discuss the fact that you criticize people calling it the best.
No, sir.
I want to discuss why do you listen to this show?
Obviously, you've listened before.
Why do you listen to this show?
In the hot, the one day you might have something of quality on it.
No, I have nothing of quality.
You better turn it off right now.
What obviously?
Okay.
WQAM.
Hello, Niel.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
It's great, Spuff.
Yeah.
Actually, I was out there yesterday.
If there are 13,000 people there.
I think 13, 100 would have been exaggeration.
I mean, I'm actually...
That's about right.
When I showed this shot on television, you couldn't see all those kids sitting way down there left the line in the upper deck,
which you can see in the paper this morning.
But the number of people you could see, I mean, I would say to myself, there's a few hundred people there.
It's unbelievable.
Even with the kids in the upper deck in Iran, it must have been PSA school day there,
because they had like 5,000 per people with kids up there.
Right.
Maybe.
So maybe...
Maybe 6,000,000.
Including the 5,000.
What I don't understand is, why would you lie about 13,000 versus 6?
What difference does it make?
Not only that, they say, well, that's a ticket sold.
But why would there be 5,000 more ticket sold for a Wednesday afternoon and one o'clock in?
And there was for Monday night's money.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
No, well...
I think they're just making it up because they're too embarrassed.
Well, that's why they called it a getaway game.
But what they didn't plan to tell you is that the fans of the ones who are getting away.
Exactly.
Actually, you know, if you love baseball, you just go out and see the game.
It was great.
You had your own section.
Ten rows from the dugout.
You buy a ticket, there's you walk up.
It was fantastic.
Yeah.
But...
Where did the baseball part come in?
Well, it didn't.
That's a problem.
They left that part out.
Take care.
Okay, don't forget that new stadium, man.
Okay.
Send your money and send your nickels and pennies.
That's right, we're taking up a collection, okay, for John Henry now, who of course lied through his teeth.
Oh, that's right, if the public don't want to come up with the money, I'll build my own stadium.
You think he's going to do that?
No.
Now, he's hooring the thing out.
You know, whichever city or county comes up with the best deal, whoever's going to put forward the most public money,
underlining the word public, he keeps saying that over and over again.
You know what they say, John Henry was a piled-driving man?
Rectum.
Yeah, he's driving him all right.
Piles are sprouting all over town.
Rectum.
Just thinking about the prospect of spending hundreds of millions to build a goddamn stadium for a team that nobody wants to go see in a town that everybody is dead.
WQAN.
Good afternoon, Neil. How are you?
Great.
Today really proves one thing, and that is that your numbers are actually higher than the IQ of the average listed.
That is correct.
But anyway, I wanted to talk to you about something.
I heard these good Christians speaking at work the other day, and they found out that one of our co-workers was his hobos witness, and they all started talking and making fun of them and stuff like that.
And of course, he wasn't there to defend himself.
And one of the guys spouted stuff and said, well, at least he believes in something. He's not one of these damn atheists.
That's right.
He's not one of these heathen bastards.
He could even come to a crack.
Right.
And I thought you believe in some crack, then you're okay.
Yeah, as long as it's a superstition involved.
Right.
But I explained to him, I said, no, he's not anything worse than some godless piece of turd that's, you know, like an original cripple.
It doesn't need a crutch.
I said, atheist, you believe in yourself there, and he said, what is that?
And I said, you people are all full of crap.
Right.
And he really didn't have anything else to say after that.
He was pretty much confused, and I knocked him off his horse.
I don't know.
I guess.
Isn't that like a redundancy-confused religiousist?
Yeah.
Right.
Military intelligence.
Right. Okay. Have a great time.
All right.
Oh, god, I feel better now.
You know, where would you really go about getting ice cream in this neighborhood?
I don't want to dwell on that.
Can't.
This is a very limited hood.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
I mean, you can get good drugs around here because we got all of your makings.
No good, sit down, restaurants.
No.
Within a mile.
We got the, we got Chuck's, of course, thank god for Chuck's subcenter on a corner 441 on Ivesary.
We got the diner next door with that.
I'm not that was pretty good that day.
Although it did give me that.
But we don't even have a skanky dairy queen around here.
No, we only got a few fast.
We got Kentucky fry next door, which L-passo.
And we got McDonald's.
Of course, we got a pollo-trap account.
But you know, too much pork.
That can do some strange things to you, especially if you're Jewish.
We just, we don't have a good sit-down place.
We don't have a fountain place.
We don't have a deli.
We don't have much of anything around here.
Leave it to Greg Reed.
Leave it to a goi like him to put a station in a place like this, you know.
Even Paxen.
Even Paxen, what they put the place over there in Hollywood, you know.
There was the deli den and there was wolfies which became puppernecks or whatever.
But there was a whole variety of stuff around.
That's because basically there were a few Jews around in that neighborhood.
But here it's like, uh, goi-im in fornors.
Yeah, I'm on.
WDQ-AM.
Last time I was in Vegas, I was shooting crafts in the key room.
WDQ-AM.
Speak with Neil play.
Yes, sir.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
I'm listening.
I'm Neil Don from Pomodale.
Enjoy your show, Born and Raised, Football Resident.
I saw a Panther game for the first time with my son.
I really enjoyed it.
It's not the mech arena.
It was a pretty neat place.
You got a t-shirt from those cannon things.
Mm-hmm.
And I enjoy your show.
You're nothing like Howard Stern, Howard Stern sucks.
You rule.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
And the check's in the mail.
WDQ-AM.
George.
Yes.
Play rerun.
They like you, George.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Yes, with the farmers.
See, they're taking shots at you through me, and they don't even know they're talking to me.
That's how stupid they are.
You're a moron, sir.
You're a jackass.
We run your...
You're a jackass.
Idiot.
See, like I said, that's our crowd.
They got to keep picking the shots.
They're attacking you.
They're attacking me.
That's all I know is attack.
Attack.
They're listening.
They love it.
But that's their whole mentality.
Because God forbid, and first of all, they know I don't like to suck it around, which is true.
I don't want to hear...
Oh, you want to...
I don't want to hear that crap.
I know I'm great.
Okay.
I know George does a fine job when I'm on vacation, even though he is doing that Pablo Palota thing.
To the end.
Like I said, he wants the cash.
Plus, it's in homestead where he'll be safe.
WDQ-AM.
Maybe you wish to be in bed last night.
WDQ-AM.
How long do you...
Talk about swishful thinking, yes, sir.
Listen, I want to know two things.
Number one, did they use public funding for the Macarena and for the Macarina and for the Macarina?
Of course they did.
No, for the Merck Airlines, it's a building, for the building, no, but for the All the Resters, all kinds of hundreds of millions of public funds, the dollars that are coming out now, as we expected.
Right.
Now, why do you feel that it's wrong for John Henry to seek public funds for...
Oh, he can seek all he wants. He shouldn't get it.
Why is that?
Do I have to explain it to you, sir, because there is no interest, because we have lousy schools, we have overcrowded schools, we have a county that's bankrupt and did county, we got a zillion needs that we need public money for.
The last thing we need is another arena, another stadium. Is that hard for you to understand, sir?
Oh, no, I have no problem with that.
Okay, thank you.
So, maybe my case is pretty good there, and I just go on Neil, thank you.
Neil, good.
22B4, 2, 560, WQM, if you...
You call this big market radio?
No.
Welcome.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Oh!
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Hi, kids.
You all like cut little sneakers?
That funny little sound that comes right out of your sink.
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-hoo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on.
It's Dr. Dre-ass.
Yo, man, you pissed ass.
Hey, I'm not.
What do I smell ass?
Man, you low-plat.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like thought-ripping gasses in the
oven was pretty swell.
I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard into my underwear backwards
like Chris Cruz.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner has.
And I'm talking to my ass, fast and a fat, bitch, who ate you fat.
Smell this, honey.
Yo, don't wait a minute.
That's a girl, huh?
I don't give a fuck.
God's happy to think the world up.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Oh, you can see she wanted me kicked out back in junior high.
The problem was, something provoked my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
What's happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper?
We walked in the strip club.
My dresses were filled up.
Moves the bar tanning took a dump in a tip club.
Went over to a dancer, had a fucking agon.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a fucking new lady.
Nine and nine, sent her my life.
I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all gas and I knew.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
They were wrecked about strange noises.
Made on the crap.
You know you was dirt when the living rush to leave.
You drive her home to back, but you buttoned it, and she's a...
This guy and white gas and said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go, go drop the kids off and move.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
Myanus.
What are you doing up there?
What are you talking about?
They put on the other side.
On what other shows?
You know the filler music.
Eminem.
Well in other words, you said you...
No, I think it doesn't have the other stuff.
Your thing has got the master stuff for the R-Sync.
And I don't know what shut up.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
