Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami-Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh my god!
We caught the Neil called 560-50560.
Can you dig for me for Dad Broward or pound 560?
Long and dreadful!
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on their field
who not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560-QAM.
I'm dying out of here!
Check out my record, poking on my birthday bill.
You come on for me and let the things in my head.
And I found a...
Oh, but if you wanna take me,
you know, that thing about me, that thing can go.
I'm on her way.
I said I'm mean.
You should be scared of me.
Cause you could go to jail if you see me with me.
If I breathe, you'll end up friends on me.
She was 25, but she's just a few.
Perfectly, I've been my last breathe.
Daddy call the call for my...
I was all perfect to me,
because I've had such a big stomach.
And my cousin's by me.
My butt's just been growing round.
Of my show.
She's underage.
She's okay.
You should be scared of me.
Yeah, I'm never holding those 10 meters in time and by.
For a size she's looking by.
She looks healthy,
but she's just a few.
Okay, is there one heterosexual male in America
that hasn't yanked to that Britney Spears video yet?
No.
No.
It's under the age of 100, at least.
10.03.05.60.
WQ, we got bad news today.
I should just play that for four hours.
I love that.
I'm smitten by that Britney Spears thing.
Have you seen the video now?
Have you checked out the part of the crotchure rearranging scene?
No, I haven't seen it.
You haven't seen that?
I have to leave MTV on again all day.
In fact, there's a movie coming out after the crotch in the hood.
I'm serious.
It's a very provocative thing.
It's like a little kind of a throwaway thing in there.
But why do they do that?
Why do they do that?
To mess up the minds of our young people
and to get them all riled up again.
To get them all worked up into a sexual frenzy
is if they need any help.
So let's see some more scenes like that.
Oh, by the way, Joe Costello is not here today.
It's the 10th of the month, so he's either home shaving his nuts
or working on that urinary flow problem.
One or the other, or maybe both.
You think that might be it?
The latter, I think, that might be it.
So bad news.
And of course, this is really inconsequential to most of you
because most of your journey come lately.
I've only been here about five minutes
since you got off your banana boat or however you came in.
And you don't know who Dave Dixon was.
Dave Dixon, if nothing else, let me just tell you this.
He was fat.
OK?
I don't want to get started on that again.
In fact, Fat Boy came in here again,
pushing food this morning.
What a surprise that is.
Ready for the game tonight?
Yeah, also, I think a four-nothing saber sound good.
OK, great.
By the way, you want some mayo and he starts pushing food.
Because fat people love pushing food.
Haven't I told you that a million times before?
It's not important that you succeed,
but that your friends become as fat or even better than you are.
That's what that's all about.
So Dave Dixon was fat.
In fact, you know, we used to have two late-night guys on TV
who were very popular here.
Late-night, they had kind of a cult following.
And they're both, they're both were jugantically fat.
And now they're both...
Oi!
...did.
Big Wilson was one, we were just talking to him.
Hey, you know something?
We were just talking about him, was it yesterday?
That's some boze about there who's evidently been in a cocoon somewhere
who's been doing a rip and winkle for 20 years.
Calls in, whatever I've been out of town,
whatever I've been having a big Wilson.
Oh, he's dead.
Oh, jeez.
See, it's not always a good idea to ask about the people that you're not really familiar with.
Like, oh, how is grandma doing?
Oh, she's been dead for five years.
You know, not a good idea.
Ask questions like that.
Anybody in this audience, a member Dave Dixon?
No.
Come on.
And I want to thank whoever faxed this to me, by the way.
It's also in the herald this morning.
And if you put the two of them together, the two obits, you got a story.
Sent by David Rice.
Was that our friend, David?
David Rice?
Perhaps.
Oh.
But at any rate, it's a WXYT personality.
Here's the obit.
Radio-pliant hearing, WXYT.
He hosted Dave Dixon passed away over the Memorial Day weekend.
He was 60, and boy, we'll see you ever.
Tough to look at.
Fat.
He was gigantic.
He had 85 tunes.
Herald says Dave Dixon, who hosted one of software, is pioneering all night television shows in the late 1970s.
Died over the weekend and destroyed ending an eclectic career as a hit songwriter, radio-dischtocky, talk show commentator, and curmudgeon.
And that he definitely was.
If you want to know, I don't use that word a lot.
But if you want to know the definition of the word curmudgeon, look it up in the dictionary, and Dave Dixon's picture is right next to it.
It's on a big page, by the way, because it takes a lot of space for Dave Dixon's picture.
Dixon's 50 died after his radio show Saturday night.
Friends found him at his Royal Oak, Michigan home dead of an apparent heart attack.
In South Florida, Dixon was the beloved host of the all night show on WKID channel 51, then in English language station that broadcasted out of a small studio along I-95 in South Browse.
I think it was in Danya by what used to be Pirates World, am I right?
Oh, you don't know.
See, this is way before you knew the Pirates World.
I went there.
Well, that's where the studio was.
And the Pirates had the same building.
J.P. was not yet alive.
Yeah.
See, what's the point of my talking about all these punks that don't know Dave Dixon from Dave Schwartz?
On the Weather Channel.
Love Dave Schwartz, by the way.
I always love when he talks about their spits and embossed, and that's my favorite.
But anyway, that's great to turn on the Weather Channel and see a guy talking in Yiddish.
It makes me feel almost worthwhile.
Every week night from 11 o'clock until sunrise, the hefty casually dressed Dixon mumbled the plot descriptions of the movies presented on his show.
Old television programs like The Prisoner, by the way.
And music videos rounded out the show's offerings along with a collection of commercials from mainstream and adult businesses that Dixon would segue into what they be news look.
Yeah, he used to do like titty bars and stuff like that.
It was great.
Can you understand?
Yeah!
He lost his job on Channel 51.
He came in over the air subscription station with a heavy rotation of soft core sex movies.
But in 1983, he landed on Channel 39.
It was a similar, if more professionally produced all night show.
That's then ended when the station refused to be news contract,
despite an outcry from viewers who watched, laughed, and talked back to his show.
In 1984, Harold columnist Bill Cosford wrote,
and wouldn't it take a great guy like Bill Cosford?
I was also talking about just a few days ago who died, the very prematurely of diabetes,
who was a great guy.
In 1984, Bill Cosford wrote,
Dixon speaks to the camera like every man.
For the people of the overnight, his presence has always been soothing and clever at the same time.
No fool and worth staying up with.
Right on, Bill.
Awww!
But Dixon's late night's thin and soft flutter was only a sidebar to his career and entertainment.
During another interlude in his professional life, Dixon co-wrote a top 10 hit,
leaving on a jet plane with his old pal Paul Stookie of the Group P to Paul and Mary.
He won't be leaving on a jet plane anymore.
Dave Dixon.
Dixon made his mark in Detroit radio during the late 1960s and early 70s
at Detroit's most influential underground station, the Rock Station, WABX FM.
As one of the station's air aces, he became a counterculture icon by his chewing-formatted playlist
and earning what he wanted when he wanted, damn it.
He dubbed himself Detroit's culture.
That's what the K-U-L-T-U-R cultures are.
On the radio, he was a genius at Harvey Overshinski, an award-winning documentary producer
who worked as WABX's new director and was another Detroit counterculture figure in the 60s.
His mind made connections.
He was the first first I knew really well who taught me there was a connection between the music and the movement.
Not that movement.
Dixon drifted in not a Detroit radio in the 80s and 90s.
In the final years, his attorney Mike Novak said he worked at a number of odd jobs,
including being a shuttle driver, Detroit's Metro Airport.
How did they ever get him into the goddamn bus?
Dixon is survived by his brother, John, assistant Vivian Valentine.
Funeral arrangements were not final on Wednesday.
The XYT thing says there will be no memorial service open to the public.
A scholarship fund will be set up in the next few weeks and announced it will be made
and how the public may contribute, etc.
And they're going to have a special attribute today, Dixon, this Saturday night.
Oh, this starts his past Saturday.
What's the date on this?
How is that possible?
When did he die?
What is the date of this press release?
Because the memorial special attribute was this past Saturday and here it's in the hero this morning.
So I guess it's one of those things where they kind of like hang onto it for a while.
Anybody in this audience?
Remember the great day, Dixon?
Let's pay a little tribute to him today.
Come on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
These people don't know from crap.
Okay, Mel Allen died.
Who?
You know, Dave Dixon just died.
He was great.
He was fun.
He was like a big fat slob who was on air, but he was bright.
Very articulate, very bright.
And he had a lot of crappy shows.
In fact, he was the first guy to come on and rip the movies that he was about to show.
He would tell you how bad they were and Cornball and go through the whole song and then.
And he was great.
I'll tell you a place that's great.
That's Nick Sagar's.
Good bye, John.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
Seth water, waterwater.
Question 1 what is it?
Good bye, John's never said God our Master, heart triple who writes all the about us good, and
he could fly a blade.
All your songs were laid, but you made money.
Yet you tried to act like a down-home country,
Hick to appeal to those with no praise.
I too wanted to stop it like Rocky Mountain High
and give a face to this baby.
What happened to Jesus?
Who paid the country's road in vain?
And I'm so shy, but on your show, that's when he called.
And it is your thing, this is not a big fault.
That's how three-fourth was it.
You might be asking yourself, how come I'm playing it right now?
Because John Denver died a long time ago, thank goodness.
But we haven't had 400 calls off the air while I was eulogizing the late Dave Dixon
saying that he didn't write if I leave on a jet plane.
I'll never be back or something like that.
Leaving on a jet plane, Peter Paul and Mary.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, but the WSYT really says that he co-wrote it.
And the goddamn Harold says it, which of course makes it really dubious.
And not only that, what difference does it make whether he co-wrote it or not?
The guy just died.
Let's give him credit for something.
Who would you rather give credit for?
Dave Dixon or John Denver?
No contest, right?
Dave Dixon.
Even if you don't know who that is, you'd rather give him credit for it than goddamn John Denver.
The neo-rodger's audience just keep this in mind.
We don't like John Denver, okay?
We didn't like him.
We didn't like his music.
We didn't like his Rocky Mountain High and blow it out your ass, John Denver.
Wherever you are.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello.
Yeah, I remember Dave Dixon.
He was great.
When he would have a bad movie at Turkey, he would bring out a can of cranberry sauce
and put it on top of the podium of the sort of signal that, beware, this was a bad movie.
Right.
The best thing was the way he interacted with some of his sponsors.
He had the guy who owned the elbow room used to come on.
That when there was life on the trip and the more modern-day-else.
I remember he used to bring him on live and he had that guy who owned monarch Dodge.
I think he was Paul, exactly with a crown and all this crap.
And they would advertise these places like the Bonswab, adult motel.
That was vibrating water bags and adult movies.
It was a great show.
I was a teenager.
I was in high school and I used to love it.
Yeah, it was fun.
It was one of the few things that's ever been on TV here that was fun.
I agree, 100%.
You mentioned Dave Schwartz.
I got a picture of Mike Bitch here.
Sorry.
You mentioned Dave Schwartz.
One thing I was on the web site for the weather channel and they mentioned that he used to be a dancer.
Do you think he's possibly a weather fairy?
No.
No?
Dave Schwartz?
I love Dave Schwartz.
Something you want to know.
He has a life, you know?
All right.
Thanks for letting me out.
Okay.
Sounds like Schwartz will think of it to me.
No, he just happens to be a very colorful and as lingo, the weathered you.
There's Skritson in New York.
So anyway, Dave Dixon has made a couple of calls on here.
But we don't want to overdo it, of course, because they never like to do that here.
They never like to say too many good things about anybody I've noticed no matter how much they did.
We want to accept it, of course, with Sonny Hirsch.
Don't get me wrong.
I like Sonny and I worked with Sonny for a very long time.
A K-A-T and I-O-D was a good guy.
But I mean, for some bizarre reason, the ulygy about Sonny even to the extent of wanting to name a street after him.
Remember that letter we got that I threw in a waste basket that we were supposed to help for his money to, you know, put up street signs.
I just, you know, Sonny was a good guy, but let's not get carried away.
Let's not lose our perspective, okay?
You follow what I'm saying?
And yet the audience is very selective in his crap.
Maybe that's because this is the sports nerd station and Sonny was, of course, the voice of the Huracune.
Speaking of the sports nerd station, I don't want to forget this.
I don't want to start on a negative note today, but I will anyway.
And I do want to start on it because I'm so sick and tired.
These sports cars, I'm telling you, I don't care what the mad dog says.
I love the mad dog, but he's always a poo-pooing, you know, guest on these talk shows.
I'm sorry.
On this kind of a talk show, I agree.
Having guest is the kiss of death because 99% of them are boring as dog crap.
But on the sports talk shows, your phone calls, man.
You people out there in Reddy, your land, the sports nerds, their color shows.
I'm driving out of here yesterday.
The first call at Hank Gitz is some old, crusty fart about 100 years old, bitching again about the fact that he can't get the late night scores in this morning newspaper.
We just got through having that that was the last call last Friday on a, on a worst team show.
The same exact call from some other 200 year old fart.
I hate to break the news to you, see more.
But anywhere in America, no matter where you live, no matter how good the newspapers are, they go to bed at a particular time.
Whether it's 11, 30, 12 o'clock, USA today is the only paper.
They go to bed. I don't know how they do it, but that's they do it.
Okay? But other than that, you can go to even great markets and read great newspapers and go to the sports section.
It will say incomplete.
And like Hank finally said, after this one on for like three or four minutes of torture, of pure un-de-elterated torture, like Hank said,
why not turn on sports editor in a morning, get the score?
Oh yeah, okay.
Oh yeah.
Why not turn on headline news, okay?
And watch them flip through the scores, okay?
Why not turn on the worst team in the morning and listen to those in sippard updates and listen to them squealing the scores, okay?
This is the most important thing that these old crusty farts are going to worry about is that they can't get the final score in the newspaper,
because they can't understand that when the game ends at one or one 30 or two o'clock in the morning,
and the newspaper goes to bed at midnight or 12 30, that they can't put the score in there. It's impossibly, okay?
You stoop it old fart, then that call was great compared to the next one.
Lou, on a mobile.
And I'm going to tell you something. When I tell you that people in this town should refrain from talking hockey,
we get virtually no hockey calls on the show, maybe five a week, and the only good ones that ever come on here are the ones from like Toronto,
or some other city where people are calling in from out of town who understand the game and know what they're talking about.
The ones that come from the lose of the world, this Lou as in loser, Lou as in I have no idea what the f I'm talking about,
and Hank, I don't want to give Hank any instructions. He's been around a block a few times, he understands it.
But why in the world would you want to come on here? I know nothing about this. I have no interest in it, but let's talk about it.
And then get set up by these people who have no idea what they're talking about, and sit there going, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, yeah, like that.
Lou starts out by telling us about, you know, he don't know what the big deal is because through Barnes, you know,
all he's got is two goals into playoffs.
He's got five, he had two in one game against the leaves. The game that the goalie had to tie the game against Dallas.
That was number five in the playoffs.
We okay, in addition to which if you were watching the games, you'd understand he's played his brains out for Buffalo,
but he just hasn't been able to stick it in the basket, the biscuit in the basket. Okay, you got it, Lou, you old fart, you idiot.
And then he goes on to talk about the fact that well, you know, uh, still Barnes and people are a little upset because of Chris Wells, you know,
I hadn't done that much and how much Jason Woolly who scored the winning goal in the game. Did we miss him? Is that possible?
Lou, there's him in that conversation somewhere since you have no idea what you're talking about.
And then Hank, of course, just runs with this guy who has no idea what he's talking about and goes on a song and a dance about, well,
you think the Marie's have something to do with you know what Bobby Clark left in the Marys come? Oh, no, I don't think so.
I like that.
Yeah, he went.
Yeah, just like that.
And at that point, I started scrambling from my CD. I popped that thing in there so fast in the CD to my early eye head was spinning.
I pushed it in there so hard.
That was it. That was it for me. And again, that's I don't know how this station again. I know we have to do this to feed Greg Reed's ego,
but they are the notion of a sports talk station in this market. It would be like having an all Jewish station in the North Pole. Okay.
In Yiddish.
It would be like having a Rio de Janeiro and all Arab station. I mean, it doesn't make any sense.
The fact that we actually even show up in the God then book is a major miracle that we even tickle the Richter scale.
It's a miracle.
Would these calls that come in from these know nothing to ever got a clue? This guy, I mean, I wish I had the call on tape. That's how bad it was.
Everything that he said was absolutely in the lecture. Absolutely full of crap.
He didn't hate it. He wouldn't know Red Warner from Senator Warner.
You jackass, you goofball, you idiot you and they wonder welcome they took that scat calls off after little hockey games.
I just mentioned that in passing because it made my blood curtle. I almost didn't and I didn't have the phone in that car yesterday.
I would have called in Hank from the from the car, which I don't like doing that. I have my own four hours.
You know, I don't like muscling in other people's programs. But when a guy comes on and gives that much misinformation,
oh, well, what's the big deal with still bars? He's only got two goal and you're sitting there going, uh-huh, because you don't know.
I mean, what's the point in setting yourself up like that? You know, I'm talking about it just, uh, embarrassing.
It's embarrassing.
Where we going? Here's a coral spring. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Okay. I just wanted to tell you about, uh, Dave Dixon.
Yes. I'm an electrician and they sent me out to the channel for when it first started.
How was that in Pirates World or next to it?
It was right next to it.
Right. And it's a building. And the fact is, the office look really nice and they go, go back down this hallway and go over here.
I go back there and we're going to do the power cast and everything. This really just got me off showbiz, okay?
They had no draw on it. They had six you to paneling up and 12th square triangle cut on the carpet.
Right.
But Dave Dixon was going to put a standard to the entire show.
So they were going, okay, redness there, but don't, you know, that's a two-fancy.
You know, I'm giving too much, okay? Just give a receptacle in this and that's it.
And the only thing is I'm like, just beyond that there's redness of carpet.
I'm just going to put those like just, they didn't even clean the place up.
And I'm looking at it and I'm going, so I did that and I went back and I said, okay, let me watch them.
Yeah.
And it was like he was in the NBC studios.
Right.
If he were taking one more step forward, you would have seen carpet, they didn't even clean it up for him.
Right.
And this guy was so good.
They had to turn it back to them.
He was smooth, yeah.
Yeah. And I mean, the fact is, I just, like I said, I grew up in South Florida for a long time.
And the answer was, like I just, you let's see what day's the one.
Yeah. And that's a top.
He had a great act in the press.
I mean, personally, he might have been a little bit of a plus, but his act was a tremendous.
So it was a good part of the act.
Yeah.
I don't know. I just wanted to say I remember him a while ago.
Well, we can relate to those kind of surroundings here at QA.
Yeah, that's a good guy.
I was going to tell you that today.
Yeah, we can relate to him.
Working in a toilet.
Yeah, every time you say this studio is bad, I get that far.
I think we're going to go over to where Pirates' World is to be and do the show tomorrow.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Fence 27 at 560 QA.
And you're real good.
The sun will be here if you park in the sun when you get in your car.
You will burn up your ones in cars.
Get in the car and the first thing you'll feel is a 30 free burn when you touch the steering
wheel in cars.
You turn on the AC, but it just blow hot air and the black vinyl seat is inching your
fuel becares in cars.
So on my windshield, I put a car for Chase.
But all of my friends say it.
Looks really gay in cars.
1032 at 560 WQ and we want Lou.
We want that called desperately.
There's a textbook example of what's wrong with WQA and our calls like Lou on a mobile
yesterday on the Henry Goldberg show.
That could have been one of the worst five calls in the history of the human race.
I'm not talking about on radio on talks shows just the worst phone call that was ever
made.
You know what I'm saying?
Which covers a lot of territory.
So Dave Dixon is dead.
And we're pretty upset about it.
Even if you don't know who he was, he was one of a kind.
He was one of those people back in the days.
Just like in radio.
Back in the days when we had personalities on radio back in WABC and WLS and WMEX and Boston
are in a Ginsburg that I mentioned yesterday with Adventure Car Hub.
Back when there were like real personalities, even bad personalities like Herb Oscar Anderson.
But at least there were personalities.
You know, Carl D'Souza, WVZ and Boston, Reg Cordic on KDKA and the Pittsburgh dead.
Didn't even want to die a couple of weeks ago.
Everybody's dying.
And Dave Dixon was only 60 at a heart attack.
And why do you think he died at the tender age of 60 of a heart attack?
He was gigantic.
He was fat.
Anybody seen Larry Kentley?
No.
Fat.
The fat people are the dead people, he said.
Just an hour and a half after a fat boy was in it trying to push food on us.
And I'm sick and tired of hearing about our PG losing all that weight, okay?
I'm real happy for you, Duff, but I'm tired of hearing about it.
You know, we can't all be as slim and lovely as you are.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
When I was a kid growing up.
And where's my set by?
Yes, sir.
I used to live for Sunday nights.
Uh-huh.
Because that was always when Dave Dixon would play the Patrick McGoo and prisoner.
Right, the prisoner.
I got the whole series.
He made me become a fanatic just watching him because every show he would like go into what was behind the episode.
And what the special meetings were and everything.
I've never seen anyone TV like him.
I mean, Sunday night, my whole week I look forward to seeing all the night with the prisoner episode.
And there was no bull crap involved with him.
Like the guy said before, he would tell you if the movie was a piece of crap,
which he usually was because they couldn't afford like real top run movies.
He would tell you how crappy it was.
He would make fun of it and go through a whole rundown of why I was so bad.
And who was bad in it?
And it was funny because like the guy said, it always looked like he was broadcasting from a shower.
Because you never saw more than like two inches on either side of him with like a black curtain behind him.
Yeah.
And he never moved.
He didn't have to move too much because he took up most of the screen already.
No matter how big your screen was, he took up most of the set anyway.
He stood still as a statue because I guess he had nowhere to go.
There was no set or anything.
Well, if the public only realized that TV, even today, even with the big studios and all the big sets,
99% of TV is done with mirrors in the bull crap.
Well, then again, also my second favorite thing was watching on TV before he came on with the little squiggly lines.
Right.
Remember that you would have to turn the dial to try and get the gear.
I was on 51 after on TV briefly for a couple of months.
Well, I forget how many years ago I was on there at like two, three in the morning.
That was 1982.
It was?
Because I remember when it was 1982, I used to stand till three o'clock in the morning when he took up all the people watching on 51 after the squiggly.
No, seriously, after the squiggly on TV unscramble then I did on whammy.
I really believe that.
But I was half the fun because you would like try and see the dirty movies by unscramble.
Right.
And then we could view to come on at three o'clock.
Exactly.
That wasn't pornographic enough.
Okay, thanks.
There's a guy with a memory.
There's a guy who's been around a little while.
Okay, he's been around a block a few times.
Unlike a lot of you, Johnny, come lately here.
You know, all you see is the...
What's the one guy?
Is his name Ken Alvarado on Channel 4?
He is, sir, I hope you're listening right now.
You are the most disgusting thing I have ever heard.
He came, he was doing a story this morning and he does this every time.
He comes up with a Hispanic name that's got an R and a...
Like Rodriguez, you know, and he was like...
Oh, and it just was totally out of place and inappropriate.
And it just made me want to puke.
Ken Alvarado, who's from the Bronx or somewhere, you know, cut the crap.
Okay, stop trying to win presses.
Next thing we'll be bringing back what's your name that used to do that.
Nikaragua.
Nikaragua, what was your name?
Oh, you know the one I'm talking about.
I know who you're talking about.
I blocked out.
Oh, my God.
What do they do that?
Because they're pandering.
They're like the God and Harold.
They're pandering desperately.
And I hate to break the news to you.
No matter how much of a trill they put in there, the people they're pandering to are still
watching 23 and 51 and aren't going to watch their news anyway.
All they do in this person off the rest of us, they don't want to hear about...
Nikaragua.
Nikaragua.
How much can you rule it and how much of a fake accent can you put on?
How much affectation can you put on there to try to impress me with how much of a professional
spiky were, okay?
Nikaragua.
I don't know if you get it.
You know, just cut the crap and read the news.
Okay, Alvarado, whatever your goddamn name is, you phony bastard.
Boy, they butcher that station.
I mean, they were doing poorly before, but I think you just wait and see.
They have just butchered channel four.
And it all started when they scoot over our good close friend Barbara Sloan, who was a sweetheart,
and did a lot for the community.
It was a great person.
And they scoot over and now pay back as a bitch.
Here's Daryl.
Hello.
Hey, he'll speaking about fat.
Has anybody seen Dave Gamed lately?
No, not really.
What's he doing now?
He wouldn't have fit on my 52 in-screen anymore.
They'd take them off.
They'd have to throw them off somewhere, didn't they?
But I think Dave Dixon, actually from the arm pits up, I think he was more a fatter and more.
No, seriously, he had about 20 chins.
Hey, I listen, I do remember Pirates World.
Yeah.
I do remember Fat Wilson or Big Wilson rather.
Big Fat Wilson, yeah.
I do remember the late show on 51, but I can't take your disguise face.
Oh, I remember.
If you get the hurled, unfortunately.
Well, on page 5b in this morning's paper.
Okay.
And you'll be under deaths.
Okay.
I guarantee you this will bring back the members.
Because a definitive picture of Dave Dixon and that big, a really polyface with one of his Hawaiian shirts on.
What year was he on on 51?
He was on in the, well, let's see what it says here.
In the late 70s, in the early 80s.
I was here like 68 or so.
Oh, yeah. He was, you were here then.
Yeah, yeah.
And I got that picture into the, uh, those were the good old days, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That's when this was a real time.
You're right.
Absolutely. And listen, I don't know who has less of a life, the sport, sport nerds or the Cuban ex-alphanatics.
I think that a very young Florida Gator team might be in the running field.
Have a great day, sir.
A very young Florida Gator team.
And you hadn't really hear the way the guy said it that day because he said it with such a tone of impending doom and sincerity and importance like.
Like this was something really important in our lives, you know.
Get a life you jackass, you overgrown jocks nipper.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
We got Georgia's appearance coming up this Saturday.
We'll spend a lot of time promoting that.
Also, I want to be sure and mention that I brought the knives back from Smith and Walonsky.
No, I want to talk about that because not not that I want to be a goody-two-shoesered like, uh, self-acgrandize myself.
But I just want to set the record straight because a lot of people probably thought, gee, you took all that free stuff home from them and then ripped them in ass.
No, I brought the knife set back in it and believe me, even OJ would be impressed by these knives.
That's how good they are.
They really are there.
It's a very expensive knife set and I could use a good knife set, but I can't in good conscience take it because I ripped them in ass.
And I would rather rip the food in the ass because that's an honest analization on my part than take a bunch of free stuff and say, oh yeah, it was pretty good.
It wasn't pretty good.
It wasn't a pretty sight.
And I'm sorry for them because they really went through a, like just out of nowhere, they put together an unbelievable spread.
They brought all these people up here and they went on a cart with real dishes and real silverware and, uh, you know, of course you can't eat the silverware in the ad dishes.
20 before 11 at 560 WQM.
Oh, frosty-nad.
And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address.
He's in the oval office with the gold drapes behind him and he is preparing to address the American people.
I have deployed our forces to put up a fight in a place called Kosovo outside of Albania where all the knives said don't use gold.
That there in Kosovo we're going to blow away.
Serbian Muslims in the KLA.
Slop open up my losomic is mad because it's not made in Islam.
Later of Kosovo precast and pochette the county Angla Goldack Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Herzogania, Serbia,
Christina, Adriatic, Tia, Zia, Kosovo.
That's where I told NATO to point our planes and go.
And I let him build radiance, or evil.
And you go molten, they grow.
And they God bless America.
1045 at 560 WQM.
The war is over. What are they going to talk about now? Is anybody?
No.
So anyway, Hank Goldberg at 2 this afternoon, 6 o'clock we got Kim Bable camper and then we got, uh, 8 o'clock we got the NHL game number two.
The Stanley Cup finals, Dallas and the Buffalo Sabers who will win tonight for nothing by the way.
Here's Woody Graber and old Buffalo fan.
Yes, big Buffalo. I'm pumped for this game tonight.
Oh yeah.
Oh really?
Never know by looking at you.
Speaking of big fat and from the 60s and 70s.
Oh definitely.
Definitely.
That old washed out look.
And I am this series is, I mean that first game was tremendous.
Yeah.
That was one hell of a hockey game.
Yes it was. It's the first period was coma inducing not to mention the fact that the Sabers were in the tank.
But then it turned into a hell of a game.
Well when they killed all those power plays.
You know, I found a red warning.
That wariner deserves a tremendous, uh, Jamie Kean, red warning deserved tremendous credit for playing phenomenal there.
And Kean clearing out the front of the net and Warner kept shooting it down the ice.
Nice going, Rhett, not good enough for the Panthers.
Yeah. And yeah, you see like they, they, they, they treated for Chris Wells and Buffalo got, got Barnes and, and Willie.
Right.
And red warning eventually.
And red warning.
And Red Worse News got a bad headache.
Yes, yes.
But that, I mean, and, and I really like the way, I mean some of the guys that didn't score but like Jeff Sanderson, I mean that guy can skate.
Oh he's fast.
If he, if he were motivated, he's one of these guys that shows up like you know, Irby a fifth game.
He just always been that way.
He's a little career.
But if he were motivated to play all the time and show up, he's, uh, he got great.
Yeah, he's dangerous.
He is, he's, he's just amazing.
Yeah.
Very fast.
I mean these, these guys are going to take it, you know, Dallas seemed to think they could walk in and walk away with it.
Yeah.
But no way.
Well they deserve to lose.
They play on a crappy ice and a real crappy arena and the fans, the other ass from their elbow.
And they deserve to lose their souls.
Right. It looked like the guys were losing their edge.
I guess the ice was pretty, pretty sloppy.
It's the worst.
It's the worst in the world.
And if you read in the paper today or have somebody read it to you, Woody.
Uh, hashtag said that he was, uh, at the end of the game, he couldn't even skate down to the other end to congratulate the rest of his teammates.
Because in fact they showed him like a down on the ice.
He actually fell down because it was so hot he was so exhausted.
He couldn't even stay upright.
Right. Yeah.
I was glad to hear it was that and not as growing.
Right.
Yeah. I was growing this fine.
Yeah. Well that's good.
I thought you were called about Dave Dixon.
Um, oh yeah.
I just read about that in the paper today too.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I mean, I didn't know Dave that way.
Huh?
I didn't know Dave that well.
You don't have to know him, though, but you watch this show again.
Oh yeah.
Definitely.
I mean, yeah.
I was one of the first to why I first moved down here in the late game.
Probably no big wolves in all that well either.
But you watched them on Channel 6 late at night with a night owl.
Right.
Yeah, the night owl.
Definitely not a piano, right?
Yeah, definitely.
In Tinkling Everywhere.
Right.
Yeah.
No, it definitely was.
He was a sound of piano.
I got the New York steakhouse.
Do you remember those days when the big was at the New York steakhouse party assessment?
Yes.
Right.
Now there was a place where the meat was great.
Um, so to speak.
Yeah.
What?
You didn't like that place?
No, I didn't really eat that quite.
No, that's right.
I forget you got those clients.
You eat all your meals for free.
I forgot about that.
Well, a few of them.
A few of them.
I don't have too many restaurants right now.
I'm in a restaurant now right now.
Good.
That's good.
But I had the snapper at Jeff.
Did you ever take the Jeff snapper?
No.
I'll pass on it.
Oh, that was great.
People lost snappers.
Yeah.
Excellent.
And I'm sure the price was right, too.
Okay.
What do you do?
Great hearing for me.
Very good.
Go, Savers.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
See you.
Don't give me any more crappy seats at that pneumonia palace, please.
5667-0560.
So anyway, Georgia's appearance is going to be his second appearance, which I promise you
will be a lot more successful in the first.
Of course, the first one was Fat Boy at a card dealer way down there, 600 miles south of town.
You would say Fat Roy.
Well, that's right.
It was Fat Roy.
That set it up.
That's right.
Because the other one, he's supposed to be dealing with that account.
Yes.
Hey, listen, listen.
I'm not going to do anything to cover his fat ass.
What should I do that?
I can't.
And where's my check, Goddainit?
It's almost 11 o'clock.
Not that I can do anything with it now anyway.
And by the way, speaking of that, I wasn't going to get into this.
Well, anyway, let me promote your appearance first.
And I'll get into my bank.
This Saturday, June 12, joined a whole bunch of people going to be there.
Not just Georgia, I mean, who the hell wants to see him.
But at the opening of the new superstar of Prime Co.
Which is at 2910-A.
I mean, the real thing is that he's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
He's going to be the real thing.
When I told my girlfriend she was like upset.
She didn't believe me.
And I was like, yeah, it's true.
It's true.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
I got a card.
By the way, here's a fact from Don and Delray Beach who says I tried to get on the website of Freedom from Religion that you read about yesterday.
All I got and then he's got the wrong address.
He's got www.ffr.org.
Well, you know, when you leave a letter off Don, you wind up with the Freedom for Rivers Foundation in New Brongfels, Texas, which is what he got.
But of course, if you wouldn't have made a mistake Don, he got the wrong address there.
You wouldn't have never known about the Freedom from Rivers Foundation, which means you never have to have a meal with Mickey Rivers again.
But anyway, the correct address is www.ffrf.org.
If you leave off the last F, all you have left is FF.
And if you've been reading new times, that's not a good idea, okay?
Bad, bad, bad move.
And know the pamphlet is not on there.
You still have to call to get that dear believer pamphlet.
Yeah.
We're going to put it on our website, neo-rangers.com very soon, Eric.
I think we should have a link.
We should have a link to what?
So that's a SSRF thing.
Yeah.
Okay.
And put the pamphlet on it.
Right.
All of these things.
Well, tell, don't tell me, tell our good post-personal friend, Eric.
I'm sure he'll hop right on it.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah. Good afternoon.
Good morning.
Good evening.
Good evening.
I started here about Dave Dixon.
I was just thinking about him the other day.
Were you really?
Half in two of you, yeah.
Because, uh...
How the hell did him in?
Now, just thinking that I'm, you know, everyone's all I have in my office
and I used to live in Somnia and I used to live with a kid.
And I would watch him all night.
And, like you said, he had the prisoner.
He had, uh...
I lived through life.
Oh, that's right.
He had a river, a filmer, a filmer, a filmer.
Right.
Yeah, Richard Carlson.
Right.
And they'd show highway patrol and, uh...
Life of Riley.
All the good old 50 shows from, uh...
The Great Days of Television, right.
And when he had a bad movie, like you said, he...
You know, I tell you, he'd call it a turkey
and he put out a can of cranberry sauce out of the desk.
Right.
And that's part of what they said got...
Got him in trouble with 51.
They kept giving him a hard time.
Don't do that.
People won't watch the movie and they didn't understand.
That's part of why you watched him.
He listened to him rip it.
Yeah.
He's like the early bird.
There's nothing worse than a guy who's got a following like he did,
who's, you know, offbeat and off the wall,
working for idiots who don't understand his act.
Who didn't, you know, didn't get it.
Was that always the way?
Of course.
I can relate to it.
And just for the record,
that the song that he wrote for Peter Paul and Mary,
the co-wrote, actually he wrote,
I dig rock and roll music.
Right.
So what did I say?
I'll leave it on a jet plane.
They were saying leave it on a jet plane.
No, no, I dig rock and roll music.
Well, I don't...
Where did I come up with leaving on a jet plane?
I don't know.
From the article.
They've miscloded it.
Oh, oh, wait, wait.
That's right.
Yeah, and Harold's got it wrong.
George, leave it to this lady.
Thank you so much.
You see, they got me confused.
They loathe me into a false sense of security.
The song he co-wrote was I dig rock and roll music.
I mean, Harold's not leaving on a jet plane,
which John Denver was the co-writer of that.
And not the...
Thank you so much.
Thank God, the Harold does it again.
Oh!
All right.
As always.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Oh, that's great.
Leave it to her.
You know, you read something in there,
and you get caught up in the reading of it,
and you just accepted the assumed that
he caused it to the newspaper,
and somebody wrote this,
it says, from Harold's staff and wire reports,
and that article in New Yorker Magazine is right on target.
The Harold blows.
Oh!
Leave it on a jet plane, my fat ass.
Okay.
Every story they write is suspect.
Every word they put in a paper.
If they put THE, the, the, whatever,
you have to wonder, is that right?
The fricking Harold, you guys suck.
You're a laughing joke, okay?
Man, I don't care how many banana boats
you put around the one-hero plazit on there.
You're still a bunch of fools.
You're an idiot.
More misinformation in one day in this newspaper
than any real newspaper in the world
puts it in five years.
Like, ex-panther Ray Whitney at the funeral of Steve Chason.
Well, it was Ray Shepard, but you know, ex-panther.
Jack Ashes, everything you put in there is wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, okay?
I'm surprised they can get the name of the paper right on the masthead.
4B411 at 560WQM,
where we never make mistakes.
Well, if...
WQQM,
time and time,
for the first time in a day.
And...
...and time and time and time and time.
And I'm at a chipmink day.
One day she flew away
to Tio on a where the movie is blue.
The movie is blue.
But is there our right wing censorship?
There are words of muslim slip.
Who do we tell you how I feel for K?
K.
So...
...if you see K, if you wanna.
That's the U.S. Tio on a June.
Now if you see K, tell her I'm at service day.
And the SEC won't let me sing this.
So I'm at service day.
Now if you see K, take her hand.
Tell me say,
that after this transmission,
I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, if you see K, if you wanna.
Oh!
And I'll see you with Tio on a go.
I'll go for K,
if you see a lot of...
Oh!
Oh!
11.02.05.60 WQM.
So getting back to my bank again,
it's so typical of the way everything is done in this town,
because this isn't the town where there's any stability.
Everything is transient.
And even when you think you've got somebody that's taking real good care of you,
and you really appreciate the service that they give you,
and you're always in the back of your mind saying,
you know, what's gonna happen if they leave?
If they decide to go like a fighter,
real life someplace and go work someplace else?
So Republic Security Bank,
which used to be family bank back in the days when it was exactly what it was supposed to be,
which is why I got hooked in to going in in a first place,
a small family bank where it liked the old-fashioned service,
and they knew you and they took good care of you,
which they always did.
And my good buddy Matt Korshoff was the manager,
and was a great guy and took sensational care of me,
for however many years that was.
What was it like three, four years?
Something like that over there.
And supposedly that other grotesque and personal bank that had nothing but problems with,
they should only croak.
So at any rate, I get a phone call on my machine,
message on my machine a couple of weeks ago from Matt saying,
thanks for your business, it's been great working with you,
but I'm leaving, I'm going out on my own, I'm gonna do this,
but I beat Pataboy, et cetera, et cetera.
But I'm sure they'll continue taking good care of you, and et cetera.
But in the meantime, you like, you know,
I make out my taxes stuff, my tax payments to the God-Dame government.
Now that they had that you have to do that,
you can't mail it anymore, you have to have it through your bank,
electronic or however, and all these things that I've done with him automatically
for the last three or four years, and just put stuff in an envelope with his name on it.
Have I had a call from the bank to say who's gonna be doing that now?
No.
Have I had a letter from them?
No.
Any kind of communication from them?
No.
Other than I went over and saw the guy with the investment, the retirement plant,
which has nothing to do with any of this, have I had any of that?
No.
No.
So I tend to be a little bit put off by that,
because I've noticed that the faces in there keep changing faster than the faces in ourselves,
the problem, which is saying a lot, and the idea that you're gonna continue getting personal,
friendly, knowledgeable service from people who really know you,
may have been a great advertising cliche once upon a time,
but I'm not sure that's gonna continue happening if you catch my drift.
And I'm really a little very apprehensive if you catch what I'm talking about
as if to anybody over there has any idea what's going on.
You know what I'm saying?
Like the day I called over there and the one lady picked up the phone and said,
or maybe it was the janitor pick, whoever was that picked up the phone?
I don't remember exactly what the word security officer I think was.
Yeah.
Say what?
Something like that.
I said, oh yeah, check it out.
So they just discovered by the way in case you live out there,
and of course the reason I don't get any response on this thing is because we already found out a couple of days ago
that I have no listeners anywhere in the plantation area, maybe one or two,
and that's okay, I don't take it personally.
But here's a picture of this flooded out area of plantation acres on the front page of the heraldnolest,
not the sun-settled, but on the heraldnolest.
In the rural subdivision of plantation acres which has no storm sewers,
some residents were stranded because their cars couldn't make it to the high waters.
Now to a lot of you people out there who are lucky enough not to live in areas where they don't have a storm drainage,
things like storm sewers, like at the Macarena for example.
You don't know what I'm talking about because if you drive almost anywhere today,
after two days of thank goodness, having a break from what we had a couple of days ago,
you know, sunrise, boulevard is clear, browered boulevard,
just about anywhere you go on other turnpike, it's a hunky-dory.
But still, most of the east-west streets out there in the acres are flooded.
It's a mess.
Is that my check, I hope?
It's not? What is that?
It's this thing.
Well, what the hell we want that? I want my check, I don't want to guide them.
I got my own newspapers, okay? What was that?
David Dixon died, did you know?
Who put that in there?
Who just put that in there?
Peter Leonard.
Listen, I'm going to tell you something.
If Peter Leonard ever opens that door again, okay?
Keep away from here.
We've got a radio show going on in here, okay?
And go comb your hair.
Go take a bath and comb your hair, okay?
And take a couple of more doggie downers or something.
Get away from me.
Go away. I know David Dixon died.
We spent 40 minutes on it all, buddy.
Okay? In fact, maybe turning on a radio light, be a good idea.
Like Gary Sarner comes in, I'm sitting here wearing my Smith and Walensky cap,
which I will keep the cap by the way, because I like it.
And, you know, we're telling them about the episode we had yesterday.
Oh, well, I didn't listen to the show. I didn't hear anything.
Of course not. We wouldn't expect you people to be listening to this show.
Of course not.
So, like I said the other day, the reason that this goes on,
and they had a good point on a morning show, Guilty and Beefo,
had a good show for once in their life.
They made an excellent point.
There is no interest in the Marlins, whether they win seven in a row or 70 in a row,
nobody cares.
And this business is talking about building a new stadium and spending tax money,
when we don't even have storm sewers in many parts of town,
including parts of Hollywood and out by me and Plantation Acres,
where all the East-West arteries are still flooded out,
even as I speak right now.
Fluttered like lakes.
I mean, why should anybody be concerned about drainage, okay?
When you're building in the Everglades, which is what they did out there in West Broward.
Why should we be concerned about something as silly as drainage?
Yeah, when it only rains, cats, and dogs every day of our lives, all summer long.
And then, like I said, nobody cares.
Nobody puts up a stink.
They're running to get in their little row boats.
And I guess they think it's very cute and very funny.
And their cars are getting all screwed up.
And we're watching the tow trucks coming back and forth,
towing people's cars away.
Great.
No storm sewers in Plantation Acres.
Isn't that great to know that the mayor and the chief police
and all the other bureaucrats that we have there,
they're concerned about, you know, is your satellite dishear bothering somebody?
Or things like, well, you're going six miles an hour over the speed limit on a high-endless road.
Important things like that.
But can't be concerned about that we have storm sewers out here,
and are you going to get flooded out in as your car is going to get screwed up
and as your life's going to be disrupted?
Those kinds of things, we can't be worried about out in the acres because of screw everybody.
Here's sunrise. Hello?
Okay, Neil.
Yes, sir?
You're talking about restaurants yesterday.
Where do you get a good fisting?
What is it?
A good fisting.
Yeah, right.
Maybe right in your back, though.
Sounds good to me.
That's what it sounds like to me, Spicco.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Another no-life hulio that just came off the banana boat and they gave him a phone and our number.
Thank you.
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQAM.
I'm a mobile, you're on WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Hank, how are you today?
Hey, really, what's up?
Hope the back is getting better.
It's better.
It really is.
Hope you can swing that driver tomorrow.
Yeah, I think I'm going to take a week off from golf.
Okay.
Well, one thing I wanted to clarify with the Panthers, and that's, you know, two-barn did score a goal last night.
But, you know, he's played with Buffalo for like over 40 games, including the playoffs and he's only scored two goals.
He can score his goal until the second round of the playoffs.
So it's not like he's exactly like enough to leak, you know.
But the point is that I think that if you look back at it, the first trade was two barns for Chris Welles.
Right, that was the one everybody bitched about.
And then he just, and he did have a great year last year with Pittsburgh.
He had a really bad year this year and he got traded to Buffalo for Barnaby, who also had a bad year.
What did Welles do?
Welles didn't do too much.
I mean, you know what I think?
He's never done anything that much.
And then they just made deals after deals.
It was like a snowball effect to recapture what was lost and they had a golden franchise.
You know, you talked about the Marlins and Baltimore, what separates them $60 million a year, in terms of what the Panthers had and victories per dollar they were paying.
They had the best franchise in all of professional sports.
Well, let me ask you a question, okay.
And I'm not challenging you because I'm really asking you.
Okay.
When Bobby Clark left here, then it was replaced by Brian Murray.
Was that a big factor in terms of the direction that this team went?
I personally wise.
I don't think so.
And I'll tell you why, because Tori still stayed.
And Tori, you know, to me, you know, I fall in hockey since, you know, the middle 70s I was a kid.
And, you know, with the Islander, he was just, he was golden in terms of, you know, his choices, his choices that he made.
They had made the finals and they just wanted to improve.
And in trying to improve, they just, they tore all the chemistry apart.
They lost all the, I mean, you know, these guys like screw-dling, you know, guys, you didn't have to pay them lots of money.
But they were, they were, they were team guys, you know.
They were all over fall off in the gold tending, which didn't just start when Beezer was, was like, oh, it started.
Beezer became unhappy over money.
They did, they didn't do a very good job of, uh, of, of, of, of, yeah, go ahead.
They should have recognized that he was the backbone of the friend.
Yeah. And so what they did was they got chinsy with him.
Maybe they didn't. Maybe he was asking for too much.
I don't think so.
But whatever it was, that guy was like, you say the backbone of that team and they, they screwed with him.
How many games did they win where they'd be out shot 35 to 20 when the game, because Beezer stood on his head, you know, 14 times a night.
You know, I mean, if the guy wants some, some more money, you know, if he's asking for it because he's not getting the results,
that's one thing send him, send him parking, but, but Beezer did, did, did everything that was ever asked of him.
Well, I'm saying, when I'm saying is if I'm Wayne, I gotta be asking these questions myself right now.
One more. Thank you.
I mean, what kind of a call is that? What kind of a name crap was that?
Again, another soft Florida lending, another simple thing trying to share his expertise, okay, with the vast listening audience we have out there.
A bit of other people who also haven't got any idea or probably couldn't care less.
I think the latter is true as person when it comes to hockey. I mean, this man hasn't got a clue what he's talking about.
And screw it, we didn't have to pay him that much. We had the best, the greatest line in that phone call.
We had the best franchise and professional sports.
Here's a team that got hot for like two months, four years ago.
Just had a particular miraculous thing. It happened. It happens to teams every now and then.
They get hot. Play a mediocre season. They get hot the last part of the season.
They make the playoffs and all of a sudden just at the right time they get hot for a couple of months and a while low on behold, they're in a stand-up finals.
They got swept for three to course, but it was exciting.
This was a great team. No, no.
And he doesn't know what he's talking about. I mean, he knows two bars.
How about, like I said before, Jason William, Red Warner and how about Marty Strocka and all the bad decisions that were made both by Doug McLean and by Brian Marie and a lot of people in the organization, bad evaluations, bad judgment,
which is why they became desperate and had to go out and spend the 10 million year to get a superstar like Paul Vellbury.
Thank God because other than that, they were floundering and desperate and you could see the difference in between the games when he played and the way the team played when he wasn't in the lineup. It was like day and night.
You know, I'm going to tell you one more time Wayne has got to be so you can't accumulate that much money without luck.
I don't care how great of a businessman you got, how many connections you got, how far off to decide your nose might be.
It didn't make any difference. You've got to have a lot of luck to make as much money in this guy's made, especially you pick it up garbage.
And if he were trying to pedal in any town where they knew what was going on, the crap that he puts out there, they they'd left him out of town a long time ago.
You could go bowling in that joint, but instead they fill it up with all these merry making happy socialites. Hey, we're having a great time and whatever.
And I'm not going to rehash that because it speaks for itself, but that call right there. Why? What was the purpose of that besides wasting three minutes?
Killed another three minutes on his show. Great. Nice going, Lou. Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, I don't even know why we have a hockey team in this town. There is no interest. None.
Like I've told you before all this past season, all this fan to think would all of us sell out near sell out crowds at great attendance.
Bodies in seats, not hockey fans, bodies in seats, and most of them just like Lou. They haven't got a clue what they're talking about.
They wouldn't know Stu Barnes from Stupendus.
Oakland Park, hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
I had two things to say. And then I and after you were talking about the Marlins, it became three, but after that call, I wouldn't.
I wouldn't put that guy in front of my dart board and wasted a dart on that.
That was the definitive ad.
That's what that said to me. That was the definitive QAM sports product we get on this radio station.
The 20 hours a day that we have sports and stuff going on. He and Lou was the definitive on the baseball.
I mean, I feel that you're wrong with the baseball. People do care about the Marlins. Whether you do or not, that's your progity.
Yeah. Well, really showing up big time.
Well, you know, it's just the way it is down here. Like you say, it's not a sports town.
So what do you say? On the one hand, you're saying it's not a sports town. And then you say they care about the ball.
A lot of stuff to do down here. You can't expect people to go that and watch that swill, but there are people that like baseball that they're dealing with.
Well, what are you saying? What do you say? Just make any sense. You can't expect people to watch that swill.
Well, they think I've got me all confused now with that car.
Okay, good. Okay. That must be it.
Another great sports call right there.
Oh, almost I'd say better than Lou. He was not as long as Lou, but he made less sense.
Even less sense. I mean, why would anybody want to go see that swill? But you're wrong. I mean, you can care about what you want.
But people that really do care about the Marlins. Yeah, all eight or 10,000 of them that show up on most nights if it's not pouring down rain.
Like two nights ago when they took all the money. Thank you for the tickets that were already sold and screwed the fans that nobody else seems to want to talk about.
I mean, you're playing the game. In other words, it's like we don't really care what the out. We'd like to win the game, but we're gonna say that we got the money.
Okay, and we'll keep it.
Even if nobody can show up here and even if it's ridiculous and a joke and a farce that we're playing most of the game.
The first game, especially in pouring down rain, we don't care.
And then you want to move down to a better seats. Okay, well, if you want to move, we'll call the police and have you scored it out.
We had a couple of those calls yesterday. That's how much that's the kind of public relations and that's how much great love relationship there is between the fans and the organization, even with the new owner.
So you can always blame Wayne, whom I despise as you know deeply. You could blame him for a lot of other crap, but he ain't there with the Marlins anymore.
And the new guy seems to know just as much about public relations as Wayne did. I guess he doesn't want to make too dramatic of a change right off the bat.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Hello, can you hear me now?
Yes, sir. Oh, I get noisy up here. Well, you know, I agree with you. The problem in Miami is they spell hockey with a J in a bit of an H. And that's a problem.
Yeah. But anyhow, getting back to the bank, there are some of us that do live in plantation. And I knew Matt and he was great.
He was great to me. I mean, he had everything of mine down to a science and all I was very confident every given me an envelope with his name on it and with whatever to do. And it was done. And I never had to worry about a thing.
They haven't even bothered to call me or send me a letter or give me the name of a person to see or talk to. And I'm not too happy about that.
Well, I got with Matt as well. And he's gone and a couple of weeks ago after he left, I had a wire transfer come in. It took him three days to figure it out.
Yeah. So I'm going to go with us. And let me just say that Marsha, you blow to be a manager. How do you like that? Now there you go.
I had a tax refund from the IRS, a very substantial one, by the way, that I deposited in the overnight deposit rate, which I never had to worry about when he was there. I never got a receipt for it in the mail.
I had a call there to make sure that it was recorded in my account, which he was, but never got a receipt for it in the mail.
Yeah. That's really sad. It's really sad.
That's the way it is. This is the Florida way of doing business, man. You can't never depend on anybody being around for very long because they're here to then go on tomorrow.
Well, he wants your money. He didn't want to do anything for it. That's the deal.
Right. And I didn't get the hair out this morning and saying, God, I do not get the hair out. But I think that the picture in there, if they took it to me, it would have been in my back.
Your carcass channel 7 was standing in my back. You're doing a live remote yesterday.
Oh, they were floating around in your yard. Yeah. They were swimming in my yard. Right.
So I went about that one camera guy that drowned back there. Okay. Have a great day, pal.
Thank you. Okay. Christmas for some good news at 630.
Oh! 5607 0560.050560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, new. Yes, sir. When you get a good fiston. Okay. Here's Davy. Hello.
Davy. Is this me? Yes, sir. Okay. I'm up just a comment on the mall and I saw the other day there was a picture of some rabbi in the newspaper with his girlfriend who went into the game.
I think they said there were 400 people there at that particular game. I don't know if you saw it in the newspaper. No, I did not.
Okay. But anyway, the reason that I really did call because you're talking about hockey this morning, my son goes to American Heritage High School, which is off for Broward Boulevard.
And I made a U-turn. It came around and I'm driving to the school zone at 15 miles an hour. Yes, sir.
And all of a sudden this car comes zooming by me. A little black sports car. And I take a look at it and I see what a jerk gets.
It's a 15 mile an hour school zone at 815 in the morning. I look at the license plate. It says NHL-1.
I would assume it must be somebody connected to the panties. It's just a guess on my part.
NHL-1. Maybe it was Gary Bettman because we know he's an asshole. Well, that's a very good possibility. Maybe he's in town.
I just wanted to point that out and he took off and made a right turn and went north on Flamingo. I would assume up to the stadium.
Well, we'll have to check out and find out who it is in the Panther Organization who's got an license plate NHL-1, who's going 100 miles an hour through school zones where they shouldn't be doing it.
That's absolutely correct. Any other place. Okay. Thanks for the good news. You're the show. Okay. There's a good hockey call for you.
We don't know our hockey, but we sure know our speed. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 25 past 11.
A QA. I'm not telling you one other thing that's really crap and that's the water that's coming out of your tap.
Oh, I never did go into that thing the letter from the other guys. Well, I'll bring that up one other day when we have lots and lots of time from our former sponsors from the old days.
Who never returned my phone call by the way the president of that company to whom I put in a personal phone call to explain the situation and never bother calling me back.
I guarantee you when you call a coloring people they'll call you back.
Right. God is that thing. Will you?
Come on.
But if you want to take me.
About me.
I'm.
A.
What if Ieti.
She's under it.
She'll be fine.
You should be scared of her.
Yeah.
And then the world is no spend later.
The sign of mine.
For a sign she's looking by.
She looks 25 but she's just a thief.
It's 1131 at 560 WQAM.
Look at that phone baby.
They're smoking today aren't they?
No.
One call on the board after all of these things you know.
But don't get yourself exercised about it.
It's lunch at mommy's day today.
So like I said if you want to eat you guys go ahead and have whatever you want.
But I'm got to wait for mommy today.
You follow what I'm saying.
After that great lunch we had here yesterday.
Huh?
Yeah I brought the knives back just in case you tune in the midstream.
I brought the Smith and Walenski knives back.
I'm going to send them back with a silverware and the dishes and thank you very much for your efforts.
But that's fake.
Oh boy.
I cannot tell a lie.
I mean maybe for two sets of knives.
Huh?
But not for this one.
I can't tell that that was a meal.
I was just very very bitterly disappointed.
Not only undercooked but stringy and fatty and just a gruesome piece of meat.
A grow and believe me I know my meat.
It was a growth test concovmeet.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
The headgoalberg show with two.
Six o'clock we got Kim Beboel camper and then we got the second game of the NHL championship series.
They're calling it this year.
The NHL finals.
Dallas and Buffalo from the reunion arena in Dallas.
Any interest at all?
No.
No.
We got that tonight at eight o'clock.
What do you want to hear it or not?
What do you want to watch it or not?
And now we're going to have a WNV18 in town.
And they're talking about this other football team.
We might have an Ford Lauderdale and Larry King is a lot of them to do with.
I mean what are we talking about?
Why don't we just have another arena and another stadium on AirBee Street Corner have 6,000 professional sports franchises.
And we have like 10 people show up at each event.
Just kind of spread it around.
Because like that other guy said before, oh there's so much to do here.
You don't expect them to go see that crap, do you?
But they do care about the Marlins.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
We're going to run the goddamn football this fall.
The dolphin's brother.
Oh.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah Neil.
Yes sir.
I just wanted to comment on a Smith O'Linfke.
I was kind of cracking up yesterday when they were when you said they were bringing food over because I knew you were going to hate it.
I did hate it.
I've never heard anybody that's eaten there like it.
And the manager of that place isn't even a Smith O'Linfke guy.
He's the guy that owned the Crod Dad here, the seafood restaurant that was there.
He just made it the manager.
But I ordered a flame in the on there and one of you ever had a flame in the on where you have a handful of grizzles on the side of the plate.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I kept searching.
I mean it was a big stake and I kept searching in it for a place, you know what I'm talking about.
You could cut in and like actually get a piece of meat that didn't have grizzle and fat and was actually edible.
And after the first couple of bites I didn't find any more.
In addition to which it was so raw anyway that I kept every time I try to cut it would kept moving around away from it.
Well, when you said you're having them come over, I knew it was going to be good.
No, I know.
No, we didn't have them come over.
They've all come over.
They called us and they volunteered, which was an act of self-immolation I believe on their call.
Well, I know it was going to be that.
And I was going to say to myself it was going to be a great show because I knew that you weren't going to like that stake.
They get their stake from Cisco down locally.
They don't even get their stake imported in from other parts of the country or anything.
So just regular stake with a high price name on it.
Not for me. No matter how they get abroad over 500 sets of stake knives and they get them all back.
I mean I'm just sorry.
Have a great one.
And back to you.
And Joe Castello, thanks so much by the way for your starting night yesterday with your intemper remarks about Ruth Chris,
which I'm taking everybody to Ruth's Christmas so we can by the way.
We're all going over there and finding out what real good meat is all about.
And then you can speak intelligently about instead of saying,
I'm going to say, well, you two have spoken to me.
Yeah, I did.
Listen, I would have taken to there any time you wanted.
Okay. Instead of thinking about it.
I'm not going to be loading a river all the time.
Well, he'd never stopped him.
I'm not going to stoop to that level.
Oh, it's at his level.
One call on the board and it's an old lady in Miami and that's it.
Then we can go to the music and sit back and put my feet up on the table and do what I always wanted to do.
Just take a nap in the middle of this show.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You see the tremendous interest day.
In fact, the three minute call I played there from Lou on a mobile that blew out this audience.
That was the end of them. They're all gone.
Thank you, Lou.
Maybe there's a little message in there for some of the rest of my colleagues on this radio station that calls like that.
Put people into a coma.
Coma.
People who are not only boring, but haven't got the fongest idea what they're talking about.
We had the greatest sports franchise in the world right here and it didn't cost us all that much.
And if I held a gun to lose and ask him to name me, most of the players on that team,
besides the obvious two or three that he mentioned, I guarantee he couldn't do it for lover money or steak knives.
How do you like that?
If I held a steak knife to his throat, which I got several of them here right now, you couldn't do it.
Could you do it?
No.
No.
Another expert, another South Florida expert on the sporting world.
Probably once wrestled in his life.
Here's an old lady.
I mean, a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Well, that's that old lady, so I just rated it by heaven.
I'm sorry about that.
Well, I just wanted to call the same.
And I resent that guy who tried to implicate a cancer with an NATL1.
Yeah.
Because the only one of the panthers, where's the number one is Kirk McPain.
And I doubt if he's even in Florida at this time.
Probably not.
Not if he knows what's good for him.
He's probably out looking for a guy.
He's probably in Canada.
I would think so.
Or out looking for a new job.
Right.
He's probably up there in Mississauga trying to make it with the ice dogs in Don Cherry.
Yeah.
Well, I have a pastage fan and I resent.
I resent it bitterly.
I agree with you.
Yeah.
And how about those ex-panthers in the playoffs?
Go, Savers.
All right.
That's a...
Okay.
Thank you, sweetheart.
That's all she had to say.
Go, Savers.
I'm with you, honey.
Oh, you're straight.
Why pop the ice?
Why pop that crappy, awful ice in Dallas?
Just grotesque.
And of course, you'll notice, by the way, the only reason Dallas tied up the first game in the last 49 seconds there is because Michael Peckin got a stick caught in that crappy hindonet there and couldn't get the puck.
And that's the only reason that Madonna was able to stick it out in front of that and they tied the game up because he got a stick caught in that rut.
They got ruts.
They got crappy ice to places that toilet there.
The reunion effinorima in Dallas blows.
Makes our eyes look today.
And it's funny because I remember last year, I remember hearing that they had sent their people from Dallas who make their ice over here to the Macarena to see how we make our ice.
And we got some of the worst in the world here in our arena.
And of course, to show you, if they're looking at our ice for instructions, that should tell you right there that they haven't got a clue.
How about if they let get down...
How about if they build an ice palace down at the equator?
That would make sense.
Let's find the hottest places in the world.
Let's build an ice arena in hell.
Okay? And see if we can keep the ice going for three hours in that place.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
There is absolutely positively not the slightest inkling, not the tiniest bit of interest.
And it just carries my guts out.
It was good to see by the way, those kids up there in Toronto at the airport with their supervisors, those coaches, whatever those guys were, those pedophiles, whatever they were,
those kids from that hockey team. That's what you want to see.
More kids playing hockey, baby. Keeping off the streets. Even George would agree with that, that's good.
But not on Mike.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Nothing. Yeah, great. What you said.
Asshole. So anyway, I tell you that we have a room for three less at the dinner on this weekend.
Just on me.
You know, people with large families like a Brady Kid.
21 till, no, in fact, you can come. You and Crystal can stay home.
21 before noon at 5.60. Q.I.M.
To one of Bangian, the brunt.
What happens when the most male level enforce in the universe?
Somehow finds its way out of the cosmos and into an old opera house.
Ah!
Ah!
George Lucas. An association with another really rich guy. And who likewise represents?
That's not the minute of the opera.
He was horribly injured in an unfortunate e-walk explosion when he was young.
Now he wears a mask to hide his hideous features. But he can't hide his hideous singing voice.
I was full of my life saver and barred.
That's the minute of the opera. It's full of music you don't know.
Sung by all new characters you never heard of.
My name is Suhava Ward. A big ol' bah here is the place we are a mad loose-dye walker.
And to the menace of the opera, the stories thin. The characters are weak and the music's repetitive.
But hey, come on, you star wars!
Oh right.
745-560WQM. So we have some of our porker friends out there who ran that plate number.
And of course I want to make one thing very, very clear.
Okay, we only have that guy's word on whether he, you know, maybe he doesn't like this person.
Or yeah, he could have made the story up all the way down it about zooming through that school zone.
Tracy Ibron, Ebron, EBR-N, who drives the Carwood license plate NHL-1.
I just thought I would mention that. So now that we'll leave, you don't have to be all that upset.
Because she was very, she took it, remember what she said?
She said she takes grave exception like Mr. Schmeckleler with a big black guy named Ben.
Right?
I am Chuck Seria.
Seria, that's right. She objected seriously to the idea that it might have been one of our Panther players who was zooming through that school zone.
And if indeed the story was true, then it was Tracy Ibron or somebody driving Tracy's car, of course.
Maybe it was Kirk McLean driving Tracy's car, that's possible.
But unlikely.
Here's West Palm Beach, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
We're going to really miss Dave Dixon, he's a great host.
Do you remember he said?
How many of them were really going to miss him?
What does that mean? He hasn't been here for a year.
I know, but that was one of my greatest times listening to him at night on Channel 51.
Yeah.
A little Mickey Mouse, California had on that little desk.
He didn't have much mercy on his desk.
Yeah.
King Paul.
A little budget.
King Paul and I forget the pizza place.
I think they went out of business.
They used to do a lot of advertising.
Anything King Paul was involved in was always a little budget, like the light bulb.
Right.
Don't remember his partner, his name was Patrick.
I think it was West and was Patrick.
The guy used to be on before he was on.
Oh, the guy from Detroit.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
What the hell was that guy's name?
That's right.
I think he's dead too.
What was his name?
Yeah.
I think his last name was Patrick.
His name was Patrick.
And I'm trying desperately to think what his name was.
I knew exactly what you were talking about.
And he was a basket case.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was great.
It was great listening to Dave Dixon.
Like you said, he was a piece of garbage.
He used to tell you it was a piece of garbage.
Right.
You're a funnelist.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay.
So there's somebody remembers Dave Dixon.
We had a few calls today about Dave Dixon.
Thank you.
You see, here's a guy that did some good and time.
He entertained a lot of us overnight, like when we were in Somniax.
We're coming in two or three in the morning, whatever.
He was great on TV.
He was fun.
Unlike most of the swirl that we watched now.
Patrick, what the hell was that guy's name?
Anybody call about him yet?
The Patrick guy.
He was also from Detroit, by the way.
Here's Sunrise.
Hey.
And obviously made a big impact on the ESR.
Yeah, I just moved back here after being gone for six years.
And I've been observing the situation here with sports in South Florida.
I figured it like this.
Yes.
One of two things.
It's either the events cost too much or going to the events, such as what goes on out here at the stadium or at the orange bowl.
Yeah.
That's what I'm interested in.
It's too much of a pain to get to some of these places.
And then I just got that backed up whenever I go into some of these sports bars.
Oh, my, wait a minute.
It's too much of a pain to get there.
But how come when the team is winning or if it's something that they're really interested in like the Dolphin,
they'll go to Great Lakes and they'll come from Palm Beach County and from Homestead and all over the place.
And it's not too much of a pain.
Yeah, well, that's a situation for those people who decide to be bandwagon fans.
I mean, look what happened to the hurricane.
Yeah.
I mean, that's an example right there.
That's a whole, that's a whole phony program.
There is no hurricane football program.
The whole thing is based on winning.
And then you know, they got to lose a couple of home games and all of a sudden instead of drawing 60 and 70,000,
they're drawing 18 and 25,000 especially if they're not playing Florida or FSU.
You know that.
I was just going to catch you on that one.
Right.
I'll try to catch you on that one.
It's the phonyist football program in America.
There's no hurricane fan.
There's a small base of fans, maybe 10 or 15,000, and the rest are all front running phonies.
Right.
I gathered that.
But whenever I move back here and I saw all the people that go to sports bars,
it's like they don't want to go and spend the money to go to these events and to support their teams.
The hurricane is f***ing blow.
Well, that goes without saying.
Okay.
But I am a hurricane fan.
I'm glad to be back.
But the hurricane is f***ing blow.
I heard it the first time.
I heard it the first time.
Okay.
But what the hurricane is f***ing blow.
Yeah.
What bothered me was a couple of years ago, I ended up getting a flyer from the Orange Bowl Committee saying,
okay, we're going to raise prices now.
You can't bring your blue boxers here.
I'm going to throw it in the toilet.
I'm going to get this place up like that.
And all these people are living in the past with that nostalgia.
The Orange Bowl is a toilet.
It should be condemned.
They should tear it down and build an apartment complex.
You know that.
That's a toilet.
I just wanted to throw that out there.
And this is just my own original thinking.
I know how much you appreciate it.
Well, I do appreciate that.
You're not just another one of these going along with the crowd.
Thank God for you, sir.
And have a great day.
Okay.
See, there you are.
At least the conjure that up in his own mind.
Not just because somebody else said it.
It sounded like a good idea to be a mine in burden, repeated.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
I like so many of you people do with everything in your lives.
For example, here's Jared Blackburn, who goes to the ninth grade at Westminster Academy in
Poppano Beach, who writes a letter to the editor in the Sunsetless morning that I clipped out,
which naturally being the heathen bastard that I am would never miss one like this that says,
don't pin all the blame on just Christianity.
That's the headline they put in.
And Jared, who again is in the ninth grade at Westminster Academy.
Doesn't that sound like he religious institutes in the U?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Huh?
Like a cat looks school?
Of course.
What?
Or like one of those crazy, well whatever it is, okay, it's a goi-shre place.
Anyway, Jared says history records religious massacres, not Christian massacres.
A recent letter stated that it is probable that more people in the history of the world have been
killed because of religion than for any other reason.
But not the name of Christianity is the writer proposed.
Look at the 20th century.
Mao, Stalin, Hitler, various dictators, war is not involving Christianity and abortions.
Millions killed a name of anything but Christianity in the last 2000 years.
Far fewer have been killed in the name of Christianity.
Christians are not perfect, but that doesn't mean you can pin all the massacres having to do with religion on the Christians.
Read the facts, absorb them, study them, and then make up your mind.
Says Jared Blackburn who's in the ninth grade at some Christian Academy.
Well, Jared, you're right.
Not all of the massacres in mankind have been done by Christians, but just too many of them.
In other words, we haven't killed as many people as Mao did, okay?
Or as, you know, Paul Potton, Cambodia.
Or as what's his name?
The EDM mean Dada.
Huh?
Isn't this great?
Comparative murder.
It's like OJC and I didn't kill as many people as Ted Bundy.
Right? Same thing.
I mean, Jared, what kind of cocking me logic is that?
Don't blame all of the massacres throughout history on us.
Just the ones we did like it was said in the Spanish Inquisition and all the other good ones that we've done that were listed very well in that other letter that I read the other day.
All the witch burning.
Right, exactly.
Just those, Jared.
And God bless you.
Conrad Patrick.
Oh, thank you very much.
Conrad Patrick.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to tell a story later on about how I once cranked Conrad Patrick on here.
I did that myself.
Because he was doing a talk show on TV with no delay.
And I'm like my show that I own channel 51 where we take people's numbers and call them back.
Westminster Academy.
Yes.
Is the Reverend Kennedy.
Oh, hello, New York.
Reverend Kennedy.
Oh, my God.
Pass the plate and put into money, baby.
And don't forget.
Don't be sure.
Back to Dr. Kennedy.
Dr. James, I never met a Jew.
I liked very much Kennedy from the Crowbridge Presbyterian Freaking Church.
What does that tell you?
Westminster Academy in Pompedo Beach.
Don't blame the, and of course, the good obedient Christianity is Jared who's in the ninth grade,
writes this letter and they put it in the newspaper.
Thank God you're doing your own original thinking, Jared.
Not.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Isn't that great?
When do you expect that kind of swill to come from any disciple of the Reverend James Kennedy?
Who's got all that good TV time.
He's on a satellite.
He's all over the place.
He's spreading his and spewing his crap, saving some fags and Jews for a Christ.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Dave Dixon.
I don't know.
I didn't know much about my barely remember him on TV.
I don't know.
But it says in the newspaper that he helped write on the leaf.
Don't you see his picture there?
Yeah, and I do remember him like.
How did you look at that picture?
And I remember Dave Dixon.
I thought he just sold like with like a huckster or whatever.
I don't remember him doing a show, but I don't know.
I'm sorry.
I didn't watch it.
That's okay.
But Neil, it says he helped write on leave it on a jet plane.
We already handled this, sir.
The song was I did rock and roll music.
The hero, as usual, has got it wrong.
Right.
What did John Denver?
Right.
Already got that, sir.
And thank you very much.
Already got it that the hero made another blaring, gigantic mistake.
Even people who don't remember Dave Dixon, they read the thing and they said, hey, guess what?
You're full of crap, but guess usual, Miami, Harold.
And that article in the Yorker magazine must be 500% correct.
About what a bunch of sellouts you are over there to Harold.
And how you've cut the budget way back and you're hiring a bunch of punks and kids.
Which is why you got Barry Jackass pretending to write about basketball and sports and broadcasting.
Because you got a bunch of putt-back and little kids over there to Harold.
Instead of adults like you used to have like real journalists.
Because your 10th rate newspaper is exactly what you are.
56670560.560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
Thanks, the Lord, that not all the massacres in history have been done by the Christians.
Here's a mobile and cross-springs. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Great.
Hey, the NHL-1 is my wife.
That's my wife's car.
And I call her because I'm listening in the car.
I think that's crazy.
And I call her and I am.
There, are you listening to me?
What's that?
Are you listening to me?
No.
I can barely hear you.
Is your name Tracy or your wife's name Tracy?
My wife's name is Tracy.
Okay.
And what happened was, and I called her at work and I'm saying, your name is all over the radio.
You're getting a rip than ass.
Right.
She said she knows the guy that would have called in because she said when she went through,
Howard, the, I guess there's a light, there's a flashing light.
She said the flashing light was off.
Right.
She said when she was going through, there was a guy that was sitting in the turn signal lane.
She said she might have dropped somebody off of whoever it was.
Right.
So he probably thought that the turning or the light was still on when she was going through.
So that's why he's probably calling and thinking that she spent through a school zone because, you know, he had...
So in other words, it was going to be 90 after the lights went off.
Well, if he was doing 45, I mean, she has never had to take it.
So I don't know if that's the case, but I know she's real careful about the school zones and everything like that.
And she's the one that's yelling at the other people that speed thrones.
So.
But I just had to call and I had to call her so she's freaking out.
And you know, and the NHL one is her plate because she's an NHL fan first and that's why she got that plate.
But we just wanted to make sure it wasn't anybody in the Panther organization because...
No, no, it's irresponsible act on their part for like say, you know, Bill Tory or somebody like that to be driving through their 100 miles.
Oh, and a proud Murray got forbidden.
Of course, he was a plate like that.
I mean, I would kill her if she ever did something like that.
Tell her to slow down, please.
Yeah, she's careful.
Now she's all nervous and everything's going to show probably be doing 20 when she's going to hold out.
Good, excellent. We did a public service. Thank you.
There you go.
Okay, but I'll be showing you the same.
There we go. All right.
As we don't have power on this show, huh?
We get Tracy's husband on the phone right away and I guarantee you she ain't going to be doing 90 through a school zone anymore, even if she didn't do it the first time.
That's fucking bitch. Exactly.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got 600 open lines here today. A very lethargic crowd out there.
I'm full of vinegar here today and whatever goes with it.
And as usual here during these, whoa, it's going to be bad.
It's going to be brutal.
We got all arrested, June. We got July.
We got August.
We got all the way to Labor Day and even then in a day no picnic.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless live.
Let's go sabers, baby.
That's the big topic today, isn't it?
No.
Huh?
Let me tell you about next.
Every time I feel like this, it's good that the next spot comes up because you know,
you want to put a big round one in your push, sit back, light it up,
just feel great about life again.
That's right. Forget about all these other assholes out there.
Forget about people going 300 miles an hour through a school zone,
endangering the lives of poor little punky kids.
You two am my heavy boys holiday.
Last time I checked, the work day was more than four hours.
You can say that again.
If you quit after four hours, you wouldn't have a job.
That's the fact.
But that's what most pain relievers do.
Work for four hours and then quit.
Or if they do keep working, they usually just sit around and goof off and talk to the other pain reliever friends on the phone or read magazines.
But not relieved.
One dose works on your pain for a full eight hours.
And after that, it goes on to work on someone else's pain for six more hours.
Really puts in a 14 hour day and never complains.
It's never like, ew, until tired of fading your pain, I wouldn't quit.
Lays you're taking a pain relieving idiot.
So if your pain relievers stops working after only four hours.
Fire it.
Fire it.
And do it in front of all the other medicines so you can really humiliate it.
Make an example of it.
Yeah, I don't give it any reference, but I hear it and it ain't like that.
Just fill it with the clean out, it's longer and get the hell out.
Then have a security guard, drag it outside to what's car.
Right on.
Take relief.
Works for me.
Okay, 12.02.05.60 WQM.
I may not have to worry about my banker and make it my deposit today.
Because it looks like that check may not show up today, which means I may not show up tomorrow.
What is that all about?
So you stop and think about this.
You get direct deposit.
You get credited whatever you're a pauper you get paid on the fifth every month, right?
The fifth and the 20th.
I get a check on the 10th and 25th, which I can wait the extra five days because I can't get a direct deposit on my thing for a multitude of reasons.
Okay, whatever it is.
But one would think that if other people who have direct deposit get the money in their account on the fifth of the month,
that's certainly by the 10th of the month, the check would be in the building.
And we wouldn't be waiting for some story about yada yada yada from Naples Airborne Express and it didn't show up this morning.
And it'll be here any minute in the horse.
The horse is getting sick and the buggy is getting real slow, etc. and so on.
And the check is in the mail.
That is just not not unexpected, not totally out of character for this outfit, but all I can say is.
Oh my God.
5667 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's our one call, Lady and Kendall.
Hello.
Lady and Kendall.
Hey, hey, what's up?
Yes, man.
What's going on?
I'm just calling to do the location and I got a couple of ton of my friend, Danny.
Uh-huh.
And I'm doing a Jamaican.
I'm telling everybody that's not a listen to.
Yeah, ma'am.
But I want you to, um, like, bring one song for me.
Uh-huh.
I have more food joints, hopefully.
Okay.
And I'll just put the last four of it, Danny, okay?
You're not smoking the weed down there, right?
It's because you're illegal in this country street art.
We don't want to get you busted.
No, no.
Okay.
Okay.
Roll it up in the herald.
It's great.
Okay.
It's all herald's gippling.
It's burning real good.
Like when the bird says, it burns real good.
And that what you're feeling with?
It burns real good.
It burns real good.
It burns real good.
How's she at the moment?
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I'm not smoking the weed down there.
I can't breathe.
I was unemployed.
I smoke too john.
I smoke too john.
I can't breathe.
Hui time I'll smoke too john.
I I smoke too john.
Free fall I smoke too john.
To stay all that I smoke too much.
Stay.
Stay.
Stay.
Stay.
Stay, stay.
Stay.
Stay.
Stay.
Stay.
Stay.
Stay.
Stay.
And then I'm gonna find a sick girl here
That's why I'm not doing it any more
I'm not doing it tonight
I'm not doing it any more
It makes me feel alright
I'm not doing it any more
It's time I'll be doing it some more
I'm not doing it any more
I'm not doing it any more
That's what I do
I'm not doing it any more
It's time I'm so good to start with me any money
It's time I'm so good to start with me
He asked me to do it
It was his other fault
It was his other fault
It was his other fault
It was his other fault
It was his other fault
It was his other fault
It was his other fault
It was his other fault
That's what I do
It was his other fault
It was his other fault
From 07 to 560 WQ
And we're doing a one call at a time today
It's working out just like magic
That's what we got on the board
One lonely call
And just keep my finger on that other button
Real real tight for the music
560-560
560 on a mobile one line
Here's Poppin'o, hello
Hello?
Yes, sir?
How you doing?
Okay
Pretty slow today, Pall, to be honest
We're pretty slow for a Thursday
Yeah
On a high-paid show like this
Yeah, thinking of a high-paid
Where's that guy then? Check, yes, sir
I just wanted to say that
As well as
There's not the only newspaper in Miami
That makes mistakes
Of course we all know that
But
The Sun Sentinel couple weeks ago
Sun Sentinel is in Miami?
No, no, I'm saying
But they're not the only newspaper
It makes mistakes like that
And what they did was
When Boston was playing Buffalo
They reported that
Just at the end of that series
They reported that
Boston will be going up and playing Toronto
In this paper
And I emailed them
You know, there's a guy on the email
And about two days later
I got a message back
And they said
Well, I got a message from again
It says
It knew it was a national wire service
To put the message out
You know, the article
So they picked it up
Sun Sentinel
And they put it in the paper
And
Because there's a bunch of kids working at these newspapers
They don't understand
They don't know any better
They pick it up off the wire
I could say
I could say that Tom Edison
Just to drove his car through a bank window
And they would put it in front pages of the newspaper
They don't know
Yeah, and then
But I mean, I emailed them
Because they can't always say
Sure, are you in the newspaper?
Let me see
Now, I don't know
And they said
Well, the guy
They actually emailed me back
And said that the guy that put that message across
He's going to repeat the same
Yes.
I was
Anyway.
He said
Okay, thank you
Okay, 567-0560
I feel so much better now
I'm at its past noon at 560 WQAM
Oh God, this guy was definitely on a wrong show, okay? You're on a wrong show pal
Call up and tell us about the Panthers having the greatest team in history of all sports, okay?
Then I will let you back on the show. Can you believe that?
That was so boring that I myself may take a nap right now instead of doing the spot for the pizza lot.
Your mornings will never be the same on
560
WQ AM starting this Monday. It's the ball Harvey Jr. Show featuring that rich and four hours of
Vanny Morning Zoo fun with Jeff Garner and one again. That's Monday through Friday
6 p.m. only on 560 WQ AM
114 to 560 WQ AM the place where it just never stops. We just pump it out like the hero just pump out this
24 hours a day never stop just keep pumping it out.
Speed of that by the way, I understand that JP tells me that his girlfriend Stephanie is listening. That's for you. So we've heard so I guess I better not say what we did this morning before the show started.
Okay, 560, 560 it was just on the cheek 560, 560 and 560 on the mobile one lie.
Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, how are you? Is this a little pick? Yes?
You hear about the Panthers pick a seat Fiasco. The Fianc go? Yeah.
You mean the greatest franchise in the history of sports? Well, it was unbelievable. We were, you know, we were original season ticket holders and we were to make a change so we've got the option of coming to the very first day. Yeah, and we stood out there in a hot sun for an hour that everybody lined up in single file.
And then of course, when it came time to let us in people came in from the back door at the front door in the mid doors and everybody was running away.
Wait a minute. Where are you talking about in the old arena? No, the new arena at the NCC. Well, why would they have you waiting outside? They never even during the game time. They let you in at least to the outer lobby. No, not this time.
This time 12 o'clock, they started organizing a 1 o'clock. You could come in and pick your seat. Pick your seat. Yeah, this is pick a seat day. Yeah, this is for all the people who want to make a change.
So they stood us out there for an hour in the hot sun and we were supposed to go in in single file. And of course that broke down. The people started coming into all the doors.
Madness people.
So we finally get in the arena and let me if it was the ultimate one fan said it's the ultimate screwing because there was very few seats in the seats that were available in the corners and upstairs.
Well, you know, the ones in the corners are the ones that are the baby seats. You know, the small and the can't get the button fit in them.
Yeah, I'm serious. I'm not talking about that. The seats in the corners are smaller than the seats, you know, on the rest of the joint.
Yeah, well, I thought you know, all that was available was the first rows which nobody wanted to sit in and then the ones off the beaten track. Right.
And I personally have a problem believing that this team will raise prices and think doesn't have seats available.
And I have a feeling that they just plain screw it around pretty good that day. Yeah.
And the fans were crazed. I mean, they this is the first day. Can you imagine people who came to second third and fourth and fifth days? What they found? Oh my God.
I would ask my little my little story. Well, more good public relations from the Wayne High Pingo organization. Thanks for the consistency. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Have a good luck to us and have a great day. What did you just write up on a counter there? What does that say? April at four.
Who she? New entered. 5 6 7. It's good thing that we're all going to get a chance to go out to dinner this weekend courtesy of me with Chris because Chris don't like it. A lot of interesting things to talk about. Haven't seen her in a while.
Want to keep tabs on her husband. Interesting things that I have to pass along. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Yeah, let's just have a whole herm of people up here and just have orgies every day. You know, sure be. I mean, this is boring.
Talking of these old grizzled old farts like that guy a couple of calls ago. Whatever the hell. What was he talking about anyway? He was so boring that I couldn't if you paid me a million dollars now. I couldn't anyway.
He was talking about all I know with that the pain with I relieve the pain so tremendously when I put my finger on the button and let out that scream.
I relieve the horrendous grotesque pain. I mean, there's nothing wrong with getting old. I'm a grizzled old far too. All over a young by softwaters standards. But I mean Jesus Christ.
Here's a mobile in cross brings hello. Hi, Dale. Yes, sir. A little bit of my own past of my love for old Fort Lauderdale and old and old Miami.
Passed away, I guess, when Dave Dixon died. Right. Because I can remember a little. One day, a few talents that ever one of the few original people that ever came through this town.
There was Dave Dixon, the arrived your skill Henry and anybody else. Yeah, well, I remember listening to you and when it was you in Caprita. I want an album from you.
God back in 1980 or so. How do you like that? Thank you very much. By the way, you with me up in the morning. Yeah, those are the days. Yeah, I'd buy you 4 30 in the morning. Oh, well, no, but the size from that. I mean, this town used to have some real.
It used to have character and it used to have a lot of characters. Yeah, and there was all kinds of interesting things going on and not anymore. Now everything is turning plastic like most of America.
It's prefabricated. It's strip shopping malls. It's plastic people on your television screen. It's all 8 million. Deco drives shows on there. It's 25,000 Rick Sanchez's and the weather furry on channel 4. It's all the same. You're right.
That's why Dave Dixon. I mean, his loss. He just stands out. There's so few people that ever stood out because most everybody else all blended in together. They were all the same. They were like made out of a cookie cutter.
Exactly. I was sitting here at home. I was thinking back and trying to pinpoint at what time and what year did all of this start morphing into Long Island South? I don't know what else to say. It's just a huge urban sprawl now.
I mean, it's like I said, there used to be a lot of real interesting people in places to go. You had to fair it to them out. I mean, it wasn't all written down.
There was an interesting fear. It's yeah. Exactly. And most of them wound up in some people's rectum. That's beside the point. Yeah. And then another thing. I saw that fifth juror show on HBO. They repeated it on Tuesday night.
Yeah. Was it as bad the second time as it was the first time? I only saw it once. I have to tell you that I got a serious chill up and down my spine when she said when she talked about how big OJ Simpson was because throughout this entire spot.
I think it was hung like a moose is what she said. Yeah. Well, you know, you know, I said he either had that that's the little tape to his thigh or else he was hung like a moose.
I mean, you know how big a pro football player is. Yeah. Like a gorilla. Yeah. Yeah. These are my first guys. And it's something that like, you know, I really hit home because I mean, this guy was physically capable of carrying this girl.
So often of course he did it. But I'm glad it were 80 from then. Right. Exactly. It was chilling. It just and you know that that this girl. She was obviously doing it.
The best part was when she described Nicole's head in the picture as being like the top of a pesd dispenser and being almost completely severed and just hanging by a thread. I think that was about as graphic as we needed to get. And it showed very clearly.
He was very pissed off and just an act of hysterical frenzy. Exactly. And we know that the cocaine couldn't have anything to do with it. But it might just have anyway.
Oh, was that what you mean that the Burger King? Exactly. That little package. I got a Burger King right. Him and that.
Exactly. You know that that particular time. I mean when she said that and it just was like, oh man, you. Yeah.
It was still very poorly produced the 50 minutes. It wasn't even an hour. And they had all these long pauses on there. We choose like, you know, I mean, if they really tightened that thing up, it could have been on for like 15 minutes.
Oh, yeah. I mean, it was the most amazing. Yeah. I mean, you know, being a layman and not knowing anything about it. I haven't read all the books that you haven't.
And everything else like that. But it's just astounding how much of it is they had to get it this guy. And.
And it's interesting that now Marsher Clarks on TV and Chris Darden and all these other people did the most horrendous job in history.
And now they're getting rewarded for it. That's the African definitely. And have a great day, sir.
Neil in closing. Yes. How about them? Marlin. Okay. Anybody care? No. Do we have a Marlins game today? No. I'll write in the one where I feel so good. We got the NHL game tonight. Game two, which of course we'll all be watching on television either on Fox or on the CBC.
If you got the big dish, but nevertheless, we got it here on radio for those who were going to be in their cars and maybe you like trapped in a room like what's his name in the clockwork orange? What was his name? Malcolm McDowell? What was the character Alex Alex? That's right.
Never trust the guy named Alex. Okay. That's what we used to say over at IOD and then they suspended them without pay. And I wanted to take it up a collection. That was one of the great moments in history by the show, by the way.
And he was kind of like a smart me looking guy, but a good guy who's alright. Wasn't he? He's alright. He was a guy. Yeah. Okay. Guy. He was just kind of sloppy, ordinary little. Cool. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, you don't have to. Yeah, you know, why you don't have to make calls because the lines are getting tied up like assholes like you. Okay. They got their boyfriend's fist in their back. That's the problem, sir. Every line on the board is lit right now. So do us all a big, big favor and save it for next year. Who is okay?
He was still talking. Good. I'm very happy. He's still talking because you know, he's talking to his audience of one. Get a life you jackass. You loser. You putt. You Shmendrick. You Shmekala. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Two quick things. Yes, sir. Just to finish the stutterer, stammer guy wanted to talk about the wire reports. I've had the same message emailed to me before and I tried to make a correction of sports pay. And the one in the short of what they say is we don't read them.
Yeah, they don't care. They don't give a crap. This is Florida. Men. It's like here at QEM. We don't care. I know it's taken me a year and a half to get used to it. But guess what? I'm right on the bad wagon. I don't give a crap. I want to know where my goddamn check is. That's all paper. That's the problem. It's a paper. Yeah. And they're supposed to read it. That's the father's. I know that. That was in the old days when I'm in more men. And you could believe your newspaper. Now they just want your 50 cents.
And don't make it and put all the ads in there. And the paper now is just a vehicle for 400 pages of ads. You know that. I guess the data about that information in there in the middle. I don't expect it to be accurate because who cares?
And the second thing anyway, read the ads. The second thing is I live in coconut grove and it looks like OJ is going to be our neighbor. It looks like what? It looks like OJ is going to be my neighbor. What do you mean it looks like?
Well, the only place that he found, according to everybody, was the Garmo State. And that's two blocks away. So he's really moving here. That piece of crap.
It's the only place you got to find. If you look in the paper and if you look at the other comments that the Realtors made, it's the only place that he didn't get berated by the residents.
Yeah. And it's scary thought. Okay. Wish me luck. Thanks. Yeah, you'll need it. Okay. Thank you.
I'm going to be lucky. I'm going to be lucky. Okay. In fact, he called you a little while. Okay. I'll be right over for a lunch and dinner.
Here's an iPad news. How does that make a quake go right through your breakfast? It's for me. 56670560.560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil, how are you doing? I got a couple of quick comments. One, OJ, Scumbag, we'll move on. But I got a people that are complaining about this not being a sports fan. They're not sports fans.
I mean, yeah, the prices are expensive and that's, you know, that's supportable. But to tell me that it's too difficult to get to a stadium and that's why you're not going to go support your team.
Yeah. I think it's easy to get to wriggly or it's easy to get to, you know, Yankee Stadium. But they still have gray crowds on a Wednesday afternoon at three o'clock.
You know, and that, what makes a sports fan? There are no sports fans here. So that's why not a sports fan. They're like maybe 20 sports fans.
Well, and then there are a bunch of people that go to these things because either they got three tickets from the boss or from a friend of theirs or because it was something to do to kill some time.
There are no sports fans here. That's why I've been telling you that for a year and a half now. Right.
You guys have having a sports talk station in Miami. Like I said before, would be like playing Yugoslavia and Middle East in the middle of TNM and Square. It doesn't make any sense.
So I guess you would say it's only a football town. Not even that. It's only a fair weather football fan. Just last the hurricane guy that called it a while ago.
It's a fair weather fart running. Fony football. Those aren't football fans because 99% of the fans that say they're hurricane fans. But that's just the way it is. I mean, why does it have to be a sports town?
So it's not a sports town. That's all. If I want to go see a hockey game, I'll go to Toronto. If I want to go see a real baseball game, I'll go to a real baseball town like Detroit or Boston.
I'll go get right into downtown Detroit and in closing. Go Dallas.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Like I said, go Sabers. I thought that's what he said. I'm sure he said go Sabers. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
You know, Roger Scott.
I'm still just judge me day. Like all from this year.
But yeah, you're gonna look around and find that nothing has changed outside of innovative things.
You're just like faster ways of the ball.
I'll say food.
Three thousand times.
That's the only I've been looking for.
Maybe I'll have we know it will be dead.
We're listening to the incident again.
In the year three thousand twenty five.
Yeah, drivers will be so high. You won't want to drive.
Facts will only teach you time times are two.
And the president will be a huge growth.
Now it's been a million years. How about that? We're still right here.
Go find something else to do. Your predictions won't come true.
And when you find the life, perhaps you realize that all those years away is just another day.
In the year ninety nine ninety nine.
When we go through this again and hear you wise.
We won't be able to watch these things.
Unless we upgrade to a Microsoft 3.
In the year three thousand times.
I'm sure that's not thirty three five, fifty, twenty.
I'll say, you're doing okay until that's a three minute call we played from Paul, our Lou or whatever's name was.
Lou on a mobile from yesterday. Thank Goldberg show.
And it's good that we did play that because there's a good lesson for all of us to learn right there.
That's a showstopper. That's a station stopper. That's a life that's a career-
Yeah, let's play Lou on a mobile again for five times.
If I can only have to do let's alternate Lou on a mobile with.
With that. Huh? That would be good. That'll take us right up till two o'clock.
We're just going to sponsor. This is my favorite. This just turns my energy.
Oh, I just go nuts over that thing. I even started getting the Britney Spears.
I'm telling you she's tough, not to handle. I'm telling you there's something about that bitch.
You know something about that little and she's not seventeen. She's at least seventeen and a half.
She's old enough. Yeah, there are George's Revenant and his Rolling Stone too.
She's old enough. Make no mistake about that. I mean, if anybody's, when you say this, if anybody's old enough to have a breast implant,
she's certainly old enough to do whatever else.
Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Here's point and beat. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? I'm doing okay. All right. Good. Let's not.
I remember watching Dave Dixon back in the early eighties on the channel thirty nine.
Yes, sir. And to me, it's, you know, I've been down here for about twenty three years and all these radio and television personnel that, you know,
I mean, they've been dying left here right here. We have Dave Dixon. We had Sunny Hirsch and Bishop.
We had Kevin Kitchens up here in the Palm Beach County.
Right. And I was in broadcasting for about nine years. Alan Burke, he's dead. Yes. Yes. That's true. Awesome. And Alan Courtney, he's real dead.
Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. I guess that just shows, you know, age or something. But, um, anyways, it's going around. Yeah. That's the only thing it's going around. Yes. Neil. Um, Jennifer Ram. Yeah.
I didn't know if you knew this or not. She works up here on the channel twelve. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Yeah. Yeah.
No, it's just, uh, it's kind of hard just to imagine her and the, and the voiceovers that you have.
Uh, I don't know. She's just a conservative looking person, you know, I mean, I talk about blow jobs and that big thing.
It is so hard. Yeah, exactly.
Well, even conservative people know all about blow jobs and things like that. Yeah. This is true. That's right.
Neil, most of the conservative people are probably experts at blow jobs. I think you have a major point there. On the giving end.
Neil, I'm leaving for Vegas tomorrow. Yes, sir. And I have one question. Well, they got a great burger king out there. You'll love it.
Uh, not really interested in the UK. But what I am interested is, is you have talked about the Rosewood grill. Right. Where is that at?
It's right on the strip. It's right up from the Imperial Palace. It's kind of across from Caesars, the Marajan area, like in the middle of the strip.
Okay. Because I'll be at Harris, which is in the central part of the strip. So would that be close near? Uh, yeah.
Oh, sure. Absolutely. Walking distance. Yeah. Okay. All right. Then.
I'm going to my name and we'll see what happens. All right. Neil. Okay. I have a nice 100 brains. Okay. 567 05 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Yeah.
That Britney Spears, the Rolling Stones thing seems to be going over real big in this place. I'll tell you that.
Real big. Yeah. About that big things are growing by the second now. Thanks to little Brittany. Even people that hate her music like poison, which I happen.
But I wouldn't say I hate her music. I mean, she doesn't do music. She doesn't sing. She just moves her lips. If I can say that.
That probably conjures up all kinds of images right there. She moves her lips a lot and probably the lips of experience. No doubt.
I wonder she's had like a lipo suction. Here's a mobile in Fort Laudersale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
I just want to make a point that I think Dominik Hoshik is a whoosh. Yeah.
You read his comment in the paper about he's playing on a slab of ice in an air-conditioned building and he's saying that he's too hot.
And that's what everybody else said too. They said it was inseparable. And there's all they talked about was the heat and the crappy ice and anybody could see that.
In fact, before the game started, they said God forbid if this game goes in overtime, we may not make it. And it's a miracle that they did that they had any ice left at all.
And if you were watching the game with any objectivity at all, you would have seen that it would like a mess.
Well, I'm not saying the ice wasn't good, but I'm going to be complaining about it being too hot. Well, let me let me let me let you.
Game, sir, did he play off the nominal game? Yes, he did. So blow it out your ass, okay? Yes, they are the greatest athletes in the world.
I'd like to see any other athletes wearing all of that equipment and playing like the solid 60 minutes like the gold tenders do.
Stay out there under inseparable human and unbelievable conditions. All these other panties that every time they get a hangover out for like two months.
This guy's questioning even mad dog, mad dog, mad, it's will tell you that those are real men. Those are the kind of guys he'd prefer to shower with.
Haqi players don't have to worry about them most of them. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 sounds like a sore loser to me this last guy sounds like a real sore loser.
Probably one of those Dallas fans. And when did they come from all of a sudden, huh? We're all of a sudden into Dallas stars fans in this town come from. What a joke that is.
See this myth about the western kind of want to get started on this because I don't know if you care, but I'll say it anyway.
The myth about the western conference see the least biggest mistake was they change conferences because their record against the western conferences past season was like 23 and two or something that was unbelievable.
They had no problem at all against the eastern conference. They had a losing record. How do you like that? And they still made it to the third round in the playoffs.
So the idea that Detroit and Colorado and Dallas right up these gigantic point totals against playing most of their games against the western conference big thinking deal. How do you like that? What is that prove? And we all get sucked into that into that.
That's only below me because the rest of the western conference outside of those three teams is mediocre at best for anybody who really knows the game, which most of you don't.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line 20 before 1 to Q a in the hand goberg show it to Kimbo camp or at 6 the NHL second game at a playoffs tonight Buffalo at Dallas eight o'clock tonight we got and Buffalo will win again.
It puts the notion in the basket.
Oh
No matter how hard it's right.
Can't get her to date a guy that you tell with you or she won't touch up in there.
She has to be I'm breathing. It's so hard and believe in.
Because it's really that's a son.
She dated guys really on.
I can't believe she's a lesbian.
You must be something wrong that you say.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe she hurts anything I saw.
1245 at 560 W2M. So what was I saying?
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
And here's Jennifer Rem. How do you like that?
Well, that was an appropriate lead in.
I just wanted to say to that Ojan Provacatour making comments about Jennifer Rem's
going to have a hearing that didn't his mother ever tell him he can't judge a book by his cover.
That's right.
Clearly she's a multi-dimensional personality.
No question about that especially those old days do I remember them?
Jennifer I used to work together with I.N.C.
You know what I'm going to say and all those hot young guys used to come to pick Jennifer up after work.
And I'd be on a year and they'd come to the door and I always make sure that they peek their head in the thing there.
Wow.
And variety is the spice of life.
Or two conservative back then. So what can I tell you?
I think he needs to loosen up.
Yeah.
I think he's a desperate. I think he's just dying for your body Jennifer.
And what's he doing watching the news?
Yeah exactly.
You ought to be watching the Britney Spears videos, not the news.
Hey, care.
So what's going on up there Jennifer? I got your back yesterday with them saving for a rainy day.
Oh good.
It was interesting.
We're pursuing the scam artist, the con artist.
Yeah.
And we do a little segment where we help people write the wrong.
Well it should be hard to find them down here and sell a photo scam artist.
Exactly.
Oh huh, especially in this business.
Well listen take care of yourself.
Thank you. You take care.
See ya.
Bye bye.
How do you like that?
Hey asshole.
She tells it like it is conservative exterior.
What does that mean?
She's right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
You know I chewed a certain, who is the Acronix Factor with this Paul Gardner company?
Which one of our chronicses that one?
Andy.
Oh is that who that is?
That's the asshole that made this fact.
So I was thinking about this and it was the obvious the answer.
Then I thought to myself that's Andy and Hollywood from Paul's office.
What?
That little like printing it.
Yeah, the line.
Oh Andy from Hollywood, that asshole.
Okay.
Who's obviously desperate and very lonely.
Maybe his girlfriend dumped them huh?
Wouldn't surprise me.
Maybe finally her nasal passage is cleared up.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hey Nail, how you doing?
Okay sir.
Big favor's fast.
I'm right.
You know just almost ran through a red light here talking to you.
But is there any way you get ripped down a red?
Are you playing on the following games?
Yeah we got them.
Yeah because I miss them and I call them the game.
Well yeah I know it's a piece of crap that we have to listen to all these other guys.
We should he's doing the radio you know for Buffalo of course.
Yeah.
But we get the calls.
Buffalo keeping it in.
Captain by Chuno.
Chuno curling around.
Chuno in front of the set the car.
Two barns.
They're all over West New York.
The chance to, to, to, to.
As the Buffalo Sabers have tied this game at one.
Yeah we got them.
Great man.
So I'm looking forward to hearing him.
Don't forget Sabers 4 and Star's Nothing tonight.
I hear you.
But that last guy called you.
Yeah.
I think he's a golf fan.
He's an asshole.
I usually call him golf fools.
Okay.
Okay good luck tonight pal.
Kick some ass.
And take some oxygen.
Oh yeah he's a pussy complain.
The guy was so well like a drain at the end of the game that he couldn't even skate down to the other end
of the game because he was so very beat this time.
It was really fun when he was in the UT.
I did what he did.
But he didn't like the fact that he would have definitely slowed down his assessment of his
important part of the game.
Like we can go to anato protein database.
So he talked about Spain and people in Spain.
Everyone else over there looked too pontreous.
Where did he see the vodka app on my bum?
I just go get a drink.
interesting. We see the bitterness and the psychosis in these
factors that we get from these desperate and old-life people.
Then when we won't put them on the air on the radio for you to hear their
idiocy, then we have factors from these same people.
Because the chronic collar is in the chronic factors, there tends to be a lot of
cross over there. Also tends to be a lot of cross
dressers there too when you come right down to it.
Do that door open, I thought for sure it had to be my check coming.
But I guess Jason doesn't have my check.
You do understand that this is going to be because two o'clock I got to run off to
Mommy's house, so you do understand that for lunch.
And so I don't want to sound like booksplots myself here, but we'll get an hour and
ten minutes and that check better show up like real fast, pronto.
Because the three-day weekend sounds real good to me.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Hey Neil, how's it going?
Yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you why he got thrown off the air on 39 if you don't
remember. He got thrown off the air, Dave Dixon?
Yeah. I don't remember.
Well, one night he showed a L-vira.
Remember her? Yeah, with the long fingernails, right?
Peter's the name of her name.
Well, she wasn't wearing any underwear.
Now he was taking the empty envelope with this kind of dish and I'll take that.
Go ahead, sir. Let's just start.
He wasn't wearing any underwear on one of her shows.
Yeah.
And she showed it.
Really?
And then he showed it.
Well, I thought he used to show those old, the L-vira reruns.
No, and then he got thrown off the air for that.
What do you mean he showed it?
He whipped out his...
He replayed her showing it.
Oh, I see.
I thought you were going to say he whipped out his **** in his case.
How can you've ever found it with all that fat, you know?
And I was watching it.
Yeah.
That's the last you ever saw him.
Are you serious?
I sure, I should have thrown her off the air that...
Bitch.
Exactly.
I mean, he got blamed for her being a slut.
And what time of the morning was it anyway?
It was like, you know, three or whatever.
Yeah, three in the morning.
What's the big deal with that for Crannout Love?
And he showed it.
I mean, you could see it.
You could see it.
Yeah.
And it wasn't trimmed.
Okay, well, we'll call Joe Castello, have him take care of it.
By the way, all you, uh, whoever's sending this stupid
fax is about Jennifer Rem, we love Jennifer, okay?
And you can send 6,000 of the same faxes
and it makes no difference to us.
And by the way, get back to work.
5, 6, 7, 0.
I should read the thing from CityLink.
That'll kill some time.
I should read the whole article by Howard Beale,
which we had little tidbits of yesterday.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to tell you a great show.
And I love the Savers and I don't know what that guy
was talking about.
He was busted in his rear end.
Yeah, and out of the eye.
He played a phenomenal game.
He played a spectacular game.
It was unbelievable.
They had 7,000 penalties to kill off.
And he was as much responsible as anybody
that they got through all of that.
And he played a phenomenal, and this guy's just jealous, okay?
He's a sour guy who probably lost the bet on the stars
and then he'll teach him.
And how much is it going to cost us to get two barns
and Jason Wolleybacker?
We aren't getting them back, sir.
They're not coming back.
They're not coming back.
They did.
They've made a lot of mistakes.
Nobody wants to take responsibility for it.
And that's just the way it is.
And Red Warner's kicking ass up there too.
Oh, yeah.
See, it's comments.
If anybody that works on a station that
does sports would read a newspaper once in a while.
And Red Warner's comments a couple of days
ago about this crappy organization, about Terry Murray,
and about how they don't give any definitive rules
to the young players and help the young players.
And it's happened with all these.
That's why nothing happens with these kids
in this organization is because they're directionless.
No, you're right.
You're exactly right.
And that's where...
Look at the way Warner's playing tough up there
and killing pennies and kicking some ass.
And when he was down here, he was like benched half the time
because he had no idea.
They didn't have a specific role for him.
And he was like lost out there like a stepchild.
And Buffalo, I mean, they were making some awesome hits.
We have never seen the hits like that.
That's what I was talking about.
Well, I'll tell you what, for 180 pounds,
Michael Peckas, the best hitter in a national hockey league.
Boy, he was hitting things.
He kicks him serious ass.
OK, come in.
Great series.
Good luck tonight.
Thank you, Nick.
Forstray, get the broom out.
Hey, all you Dallas fans, get the broom out.
And 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
I just can't even begin to imagine what those factors are
that are rolling over the machine behind me.
Can you imagine?
Sure I can.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry to hear Dave Vicks.
I went the way of Alan Courtney at Big Wilson.
But anyway, in your steakhouse, I'll show you.
Did anybody mention Kansas City steakhouse and Dave?
No, that would used to be one of our sponsors, by the way.
That's a good place.
It's a great place.
You know, I like dining with the Christians
over here, not on myself.
But the reason I called was I was wondering if you were,
I was wondering if you heard that article about Pat Roberts.
And you know, he was, he was making fun of Scotland
because apparently, uh,
that bag is, and it was pretty popular over in Scotland.
And he was, uh, he was talking about boycott and that,
what I mean, and they told him to blow out his ass
and we aren't going to do the deal and go to hell as well this thing.
Well, did you play the bag five swarms?
They're blowing it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Look at this.
Again, from your boyfriend, that's doing his own show over the facts machine.
Annie from Hollywood, we hate you like poison.
We don't care if you're getting married.
And, uh, ball, what, what would her, is all I can say.
Lifeless piece of scum.
Okay, we got 200.
Is that pathetic or what?
You've never met her.
How can you say that?
Yes, I have.
She was there with him at all a hockey game.
So you forget.
What kind of a person?
What married that kind of a person?
Good question, Cynthia.
567-0560-0.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Del Ray B.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What are you doing, man?
What's all the hype you got going on about Britney Spears?
Meaning what?
I don't know.
You're talking about it today.
What's the reason?
Why not?
Why not?
Well, exactly why not?
Everybody in the world is talking about Britney Spears.
Okay, she's got big boobs.
Why not?
Oh, yeah.
She's a hottie.
Well, she's in the Rolling Stone magazine or something?
I don't know.
Two wishes ago, yeah.
Two wishes ago.
Right on the cover.
Start naked in the middle and the center's spread.
She's spreading it.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
All right.
Hey, can I send out a douchebag?
Yeah.
Kenny, TJ, Chris, you're all douchebags.
Okay, thanks.
Great call.
5, 6, 7, we got 600 open lines here.
Desperate Thursday today.
It's not Monday.
Is it Monday?
Is it a holiday?
Is it raining cats and dogs?
No.
Is it the end of the world?
No.
They all flooded in.
They care about no storm drains in plantation acres.
No.
Do they care about anything?
No.
Boy, this is the only, what is it?
The 10th of June?
It's payday, supposedly.
We got an hour and four minutes.
Not that I'm counting.
For that check to show up.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
I mean, you talk about a slip shot way of doing this.
That they're waiting for an airborne expressing
to come over from Naples in the middle of the show.
When I'm leaving here in an hour and four minutes
and there's no check here, yeah?
Which was supposedly payable on the 5th of the month?
On, be leaveable.
We ought to do like some of the sales people
get direct deposit.
You know what I'm talking about?
Direct deposit.
12, 56, at 5, 60, WQA.
Can you see who I am?
My family.
Boy, Potter, Dale.
It's the one to do our...
When you're going to my house,
every time you ask me to call it a few.
And that's fine.
But when you're done to all this,
you need to be high.
As every special guest.
Do you?
I swear, Potter,
who went to my house to shoot the show
with a little glass of just remember.
To the flush.
Where did the river on the tank get me?
What you told for a girl to leave the switch?
And it's full.
That's when it's five turns to you.
It's a seat.
Your love's burning,
it's your dying on the seat.
You took me a dump and started to sound
a lazy, broken hearted dress
and heard the same slush.
Okay, one, one, five, six, you got me to feel more
also under real Christmas weekend
and having a jog get a great meal on me.
Oh!
Thank you, Joe Costeller.
You probably put him up to that,
by the way.
I wouldn't surprise you.
No, by accident.
Yeah.
Looking for the opportunity for a long time now.
Okay, I said, five, six, seven,
oh, five, six,
eight, six,
eight, eight,
and nine,
nine,
nine,
once again, Greg Reed for the great phone system
in that live,
while we were getting rid of this crappy getting their phone system
and getting a real one in here,
which I only mentioned for the 10 million times.
Not that we care you understand,
but it sounds like pure unadulterated crap.
And how's that check coming?
58 minutes in counting.
How much are there people all over town?
I'll take it up office pools.
And you know, it's probably like I said,
just as well, because my bank,
they haven't got a clue what's going on over there
and I have no idea what I'm supposed to do
with the check if I ever get it.
Check it out.
Oh, I guess.
Oh, yes.
Were your neighborhood a little friendly?
And then all of a sudden as soon as whatever it is
gets bought out by the big chain,
and you can forget about all that friendly,
knowledgeable personal service,
because then a whole bunch of people
whose names you don't know are in charge,
which is great.
Here's the mobile and for Lauderdale.
Hello.
My Virgin Hears.
Yes, sir.
That was a feedback on there.
How are you doing?
Great.
Good.
I wanted to tell you about a couple things.
First off,
over we were out in Las Vegas,
and I told you a while back to go about the Venetia
that was opening up and you weren't really too familiar,
but I have a couple of reports about the place.
I don't know if you really want to hear it or not,
and I don't know if it's up to you.
Real quick, yeah.
Okay, first off, the Venetia is a very nice hotel.
It's a very gorgeous hotel.
Each room is sort of like a suite.
You have a living room in each of the rooms.
Really?
You have a living room,
which is like a spunk and down living room.
So you're in your bedroom,
and you go down into your living room,
and every view there is fantastic.
The range is anywhere between 200 to 400 hours per night,
and what's the Bureau of Gambler.
And the minimum there, I think you have to pay,
is about 100 hours at hand,
and then that's for four hours.
And that'll just get you probably a buffet one.
Yeah.
I mean, they're really, really, very, very strict,
but the accommodations there itself are really, really nice.
Yeah, I'm going to go and grow a buy.
I was out there two weekends ago, and I'd grow a buy,
but I didn't think of a chance to go in.
But I don't see any place I'm going to stay.
It's always going to be like on a corner,
like the MGM, or I usually stay, or the Tropicana.
Because then you don't have to,
no matter where you're going when you take your rent a car,
you don't have to fight any of the traffic on the strip.
There's nothing worse, unless it's six in the morning or something.
There's nothing worse than being a place where you have to drive
even for a few blocks on the strip to get where you're going.
About a year, about six months ago,
we were out there also, and they were just building the Venetia.
Right. And Venetia, a big huge,
piling literally fell down on three construction workers,
and killed one.
Right. And that was like the third time that that ever happened,
once they got history.
Mm-hmm.
And I don't know if you know about that.
Any of my last fingers, I just want to call Dave Rayboy
from Lord of Delphi, MW, Dushbath.
Okay, have a great time.
Or he didn't have a great time.
Or whatever it is.
5,670560, we got 6,000 open lines here today,
and again, the cats got their tongue.
All of these things that are going on,
and these people are like,
we're like that.
5,670560,
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Helen Dale. Hello.
Dave Dixon from WKID, wasn't it?
WKID, Detroit, yes.
Oh, what was it down here?
WKID, something, wasn't it?
Was that what it was down here?
Channel 51?
He was great for staying up watching those
doing all the iters with Dave Dixon.
And the best part, like you said,
you had no delay.
So we used the crank them in high school.
They had some show the thin way
with this fat slob laying on there.
You'd call them and say,
why is your gift so fat?
And she just, camera.
Beauty.
It was great.
How about the best of Jennifer Rem?
Okay.
5,670560, 0560560,
that sounded like Dave the Compton.
He didn't sound as just like him or his twin brother.
Didn't he just call it yesterday?
Not that we could be choosing.
You do understand that now.
And that's the way things are going.
Here's Naples. Hello.
Naples.
Naples.
Naples. Yes, sir.
Say listen, I'm not here working hard.
I stopped to make a phone call to you.
I worked for Airborne Express.
I just picked up your check.
You'll get in the day or two.
Yeah, I'm right.
Take care, Naples.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
We'll get in the day or two.
Ha, ha, ha.
5,670560, 0560.
We love Airborne Express, by the way.
Don't we? Do we like Airborne Express?
I think so.
If I can recall right.
Where's the FedEx with them?
We love somebody.
Somebody we are not too crazy about.
The guy that flipped me off and is,
I don't even remember the name of that outfit.
It is trucked that one day on Sunrise Boulevard.
Blow it out your ass, pal.
Okay, but it wasn't Airborne Express.
Okay, so we got 54 minutes now until
I'd the check is supposedly going to get here.
I mean, that would be an act so bush league,
so pathetic.
I mean, don't you know like way ahead of time
when you're supposed to pay your people?
Uh-huh.
Like when that check is supposed to be due.
And is it like a sound business practice?
Like to wait until the very last minute?
I mean, see what they're terrified of is,
oh, maybe like to check a last minute
to get in my hands before I leave here.
And somehow I'll take a half hour out
or let's see, it would take me an hour to get to the bank and back, you know.
And put it in there until it's uh- going to clear.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe since they're paying the bonuses this time around.
And seriously, where is all the money going?
Besides John Henry and Wayne Hypinga,
where is this company's money going?
They're making millions and millions from Power 96.
They're making plenty of cash from kids.
This station's bill enough fortune,
but we got to pay for that sports crap.
But nevertheless, uh, you know,
where's all the money going?
That everything here is always hand to mouth.
Everything has got to be the cheapest.
Everything has got to be the least what, whatever.
God forbid.
And then trying to get a check out of these people
and having to go through a song and dance.
But on payday, that would be a blast for me to like
so which I have never heard of.
In my life.
In my life.
But it's the Greg Reed F and Wayne, maybe.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Homestead.
Okay, thanks for hanging on.
Thanks for your click.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Now you should know you got all the careers
and all the messengers.
Uh, lovingly.
Keep us laughing.
I just heard, by the way,
yes, separate issue.
Right.
Christian Coalition has lost their tax example status.
Would you hear that?
I just heard it on a news flash.
I can't.
I don't know which station I was on.
But uh, check it out.
It must be on your wire.
I mean, I want to hear more.
What do you mean it must be on our wire?
You think we have a news wire on this station?
I mean, like on our sports wire.
Yeah, let's check the sports wire
and see if that's on the sports wire.
Okay, go on.
I'll check it out when I get out of here
and get to a real station.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Let's hope that that's true.
Let's pray that that's true.
Christian Coalition, my F and S.
Sony Bolognes with their right wing agenda.
Sunrise, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's been all over the ACLU's email list.
How come it's not I got CNN on here?
All they're hacking a shining about is a cost of over.
We're not killing anybody anymore.
Can CNN cares about the important stuff?
No.
What happened was basically the IRS,
it's a confidential ruling.
So you're not going to get any confirmation out of the government.
That's one reason that CNN's not covering it.
What would mean confidential ruling?
It's a matter between the IRS and the Christian Coalition.
Yeah.
It's like if a church were denied its tax exemption
that wouldn't get better public record.
Why?
Why not?
It's confidential.
It's like if the IRS decides to,
okay, you owe them $100,000.
That's not a matter that you can call the IRS
and say, does Mr. Axel, you want $100,000?
Yeah, but the Christian Coalition is soliciting public contributions.
Though I think the public should have right to know
if the attack is going to be good.
Yeah.
But, you know, this is the way the IRS does things.
You want me to descend the IRS?
I don't think so.
So yeah, the ACLU newswire was covering it
and the Christian Coalition won't comment
and the IRS won't comment.
But yeah.
Basically they lost their tax exemption.
They lost their tax exemption.
All right, thanks for the great news.
God bless you, sir.
Oh, you're welcome.
Okay.
Thank you, Daniel.
And don't forget.
Longing $50.
How do you like that?
Oh!
Oh, now we're going to reduce the all of these problems.
Okay, now we maybe even can build some storm
so we're in the plantation acres.
How do you like that?
With all that tax money we're going to get from the Glam.
$56.70560.50560 on the AT&T Rural Slime Spoon.
Yeah, push.
Push the mouse.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Genocide.
Genocide.
What's the news today?
Genocide.
Genocide.
We like what you say.
Tell those at home they can't all go.
Take it in.
Hold it just so it's no one needs us.
And line slight like us.
We love those.
And we speak your mind and tell them.
You need an escape.
Like we've been told.
But that just makes me so tired.
And if you go or make a good job.
Genocide.
Genocide.
Same is not to be new.
Genocide.
Genocide.
That you'll really feel can't be new.
And if what Genocide says you don't like.
Like it's baby.
And get a life.
We got to work these days.
Right, right, right, right.
Get that all down yourself.
Get that all down yourself.
Grab, hit God.
150 and at 560 all Jennifer Rem radio here for the 90s.
What inspired that?
The guy called and the hate facts has started coming in here.
And then the little Jennifer actually called herself.
She didn't send us all the facts as you want.
Waste the paper and kill all those trees.
We love Jennifer profusely and madly.
And yes, she used to bring beautiful guys to the station all the time at I&Z,
whether you know that or not.
In a previous life.
What?
That new department she assembled.
Well, second to none.
There you go.
Okay, down to good two.
560, 560, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We love all our good old buddies like Tom Hopkins and Jennifer Rem.
Like I said.
Come on, come on.
Here's Miami. Hello.
We'll never bring you any food ever again to one.
Okay, thanks for the phoney voice.
Okay, and guess what? We don't want it.
Direct man.
560, 05, 60, 05, 60.
If you tuned in late, I brought the steak knives back with them and showed up today to pick up their silverware and their dishes.
I can't imagine why.
They might just be waiting until after I leave.
But I brought those expensive steak knives back from us, Smith and Walonsky,
because it just wouldn't be right to tell you the truth about that melee bar yesterday.
And like I said, I really do feel bad.
They went through a lot of effort and work and they put on a big dog and pony show and a whole song and a dance.
And yeah.
Here's a mobile-informed Myers. Hello.
Hi, and how are you doing?
Okay, sir. I thought they forgot about us on the West Coast.
Hey, I'll know, man. I'd love to. Hey, ex-beastly employee.
You're talking about where that money's going.
You know where it's going.
Straight into the pocket for those honored souls named Beasley.
Let's be.
That's the only place.
Every three minutes to go, I still don't see any paycheck from other Beasley Reed people here on Payday.
See, it's not. You said it will better be there.
Well, I certainly will get there because he's a Lucian, man.
You're the only good thing on the radio.
Okay, God bless you.
42 minutes and 40 seconds and counting until two o'clock.
And a check needs to be here certainly by two o'clock today,
because I'm not going to sit around here and wait for a half hour to see if the airborne expressman is, you know,
going to show up while mommy's cooling her heels with my lunch over there in Hollywood.
What? You could go hang out with all your good friends downstairs, right in that front office.
No, I'm not going to hang it out.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Leo. How you doing?
Okay.
Well, I'll tell you, some of your listeners are dummies.
No.
The word is out there.
Okay? And it's not only the Christian Coalition, get the tax exempt that is knocked out.
Yeah.
It is on the news.
The executive director came out and made a statement and he said, and this is a quote,
we have been around for 10 years.
We're going to be around 10 years longer and we're still going to get money.
He made that quote.
Yeah.
And these guys are saying that there's nothing on the line about it.
Well, I mean, it makes no sense to me because if anybody that's soliciting the public for funds,
we have a right to know whether they have tax exempt status or not.
It didn't make any sense to me.
Of course, you know who else announced it? Paul Harvey.
Oh, my God. Paul Harvey.
Oh, my God.
Wow. Okay.
And he must be in mourning about it.
The only guy that didn't do it is your buddy, Lushlaud Galard, but...
Okay. Thanks for the good news. God bless the IRS.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we continue searching for the ultimate truth here, man, we're searching for it.
By the way, speaking of ultimate truth, one other thing I'll clip down today,
which almost a half a page at it's on page 11,
C in your Sunsetless Morning in the Sports section and advertisement.
You know, here again, the government just doesn't...
They just don't care.
They don't care about the health of the public.
They never have it. They never will.
And it's getting worse every minute.
Who's supposed to control this stuff?
The FPC or whomever?
Food and Grogumus.
And the FDA and all these other people.
Here's another one of these great ads.
Eliminates starvation dieting, thrilling fat fighter, superpill,
guarantees rapid weight loss from Mesa Arizona.
Flushlaud calories right out of your body.
And this one is called the...what is it called?
The fat fighter.
There you go. That's a good name for it.
The fat fighter.
And it goes on after...
I mean, this is almost a half a page at it.
Here's a broad loss, 48 pounds into six weeks.
Here's one that lost like 7,000 pounds in five minutes.
Dorothy in California.
It says, each day you'll notice absolute visible results
as you're unwanted pounds of fat flab and cellulite completely disappear.
However, a word of caution is in order.
Because fat fighter is so effective at removing years of ugly fatty deposits
and because fat fighter has absolutely no side effects,
there is a tendency for some people to overdo it.
Do not allow yourself to become too thin.
If you start to lose weight too rapidly,
limit your pill intake or even skip a day or two,
have a goal in mind and try not to go beyond it.
Company offers extraordinary guarantee.
And then it's gotten addressed in its only like $69.90 for a full third day supply
or $99.85 for a full 90 day supply is saved 20 bucks.
Here's another. Here's the magic diet pill.
No, no risk, no side effects.
Just be careful, don't overdo it.
And then it said eat all you want.
Eat all you want and lose weight.
It's unuffened believable, the fat fighter.
And they're putting this in the newspaper.
Just like every Sunday morning, you turn on your TV,
setting those 4,000 infomercials for how you can lose fat while you're really just sitting there on your ass.
While you're sitting there watching TV,
you're just going to start shrinking away like the invisible man.
56670560, top 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in four-laterdale.
Hello.
Mobile in four-laterdale.
Okay, here's our last call, mobile in Daniel. Hello.
Mobile in Daniel.
Hey, Neon, Neon, Neon. How you doing?
I want to talk to you about the Stanley Cup Championship over here.
I want to give you one thing, Michael Pecker.
I think he's a great, great forward, a phenomenal defense friend of everything.
Oh my God. He's a watch, a phenomenal defenseman.
Yeah, yeah, when it comes to lining up with the joggers and all these people,
he really plays really good with them.
He has a phenomenal, phenomenal, and everything.
Yeah.
But I don't think they're going to be able to stop Dallas.
I mean, once...
They've done what?
On all the fire that they got like, Mike Modano,
if anyone dies, they're souped off, they're hatched,
they're not going to be able to stop them.
Let me ask you this.
How did Dallas do against a very weak Edmonton team?
Didn't they barely squeak through an aftery?
Did they just barely get by?
But who you got between the fights?
I mean, they're playing phenomenal.
I mean, all these people, I mean, everybody's got something to say about Dallas all the time.
What does that question mean?
Who have you got between the pipes?
Who did Edmonton have behind the pipes?
We talked about last year, this year.
I'm talking about this year that Edmonton gave my every game was a one-goal game.
But they won, though.
They did barely squeak by against a very, very marginal team that just barely made it into the playoffs.
What do you laugh at about?
What's so funny about that?
The funny thing about it is that they made it to a Stanley Cup championship regardless of what.
You, sir, you have no idea what you're talking about.
Like most of our hockey experts said,
Who's the better goal tender?
Dominic Aschick or Bob Essendah?
Who's the better goal, you, sir?
That goes without saying.
What comment was that? What did that mean?
What I'm trying to say, Buffalo started as P number seven.
I mean, what's the big deal?
They got their love to pay for what they were doing?
What's the difference?
That's why they played the playoffs, sir.
I think you got seeds in your record.
No pick if you okay, pal.
Another guy that has no idea what he's talking about.
And if you were to watch Buffalo like the last couple of months of the season,
you would have seen what a tremendous team they've got.
If you would understand anything about it, what you obviously did not.
Highly underrated team.
Not a lot of big names, but tremendously underrated.
A lot of talent.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5.
I'm going to tell you seriously.
And this is the truth.
I hope we have a lot of people listening on the audio unit today in places like Toronto
and in places like Detroit and Webber else where there are like real hockey fans who understand the game.
The knowledge of hockey down here,
it's not existing.
You can't complain about it because it doesn't exist.
There are maybe 50 of us down here.
They really love and understand the game.
And the rest of these people just like this guy.
Ba ba ba ba ba.
I don't know he knows a couple of names.
And all of them, who do they have between the pipes?
Ba ba ba ba.
He hasn't got the foggiest idea what he's talking about.
The greatest sport in the world.
And all you're here on this station is, well, you know,
the TV ratings aren't all that great.
Big deal, okay?
A lot of people watch J-Lenno too.
Ever hear him say anything funny?
No.
Not in my life.
Talk about somebody that didn't just become a caricature of himself
but always was a caricature of himself.
God.
And a lot of people like Vyville Ice Cream and Smith and Molinsky.
567-0560, pound 560 on the 18th,
I better turn my cap around.
Sorry.
Turn my cap backwards.
Now if you're less guilty.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Peace.
Peace.
For me.
And you tell me, Murray,
You said you were in high school,
you were working in Factory for the service.
Ouch.
Alright.
567-0560, pound 560 on the 18th.
That's number one with two bullets.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello Nill.
Yes, ma'am.
Smith and Molinsky hands down the greatest fake house has ever been in this city.
yeah what it must not get around too much sir
i get around more quite i think a lot more than you do i don't think so i
don't think i think i think i think the roots christian yeah and
sir this is the same guy that you called yesterday with the same song
and a dance
now yes you did no it's not a different song and it's the same old part that
called yesterday and tell me this probably don't know good for yes he now you
admit now it is the same guy for the whole yeah absolutely so they're a
liar first you work the same guy now it is the same guy and number two i hope
you have a good time they're okay gummer real carefully
he's gumming he's gumming
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen if you like it sir
i'm not going to go on a year it's a don't eat there if you like it great
i'm happy for you i'm giving you my opinion
and believe me i have no ulterior motives they came in here and put on a
much more a lot of effort put on a big solid dance they were very very nice
but i'm not going to say that it's that was an edible piece of meat
that would be uh that would be grotesque on my part to tell you that
and George by the way says that what he had yesterday while not good
was a hundred times better than the one he had when he went over there
which was inedible okay so you can keep calling it see i don't know about you
but if i'm gonna go to a restaurant if i'm gonna listen to people critique
restaurant an old guy that puts his teeth in a glass before the meal starts
i'm not usually gonna depend on his critique to find out what a good meal is
all about okay so the hits keep on gumming okay sir
uh
126 at 560 wq i'm getting a choked up to sticking about that guy
he's over on the beach
wanna lollipop little boy
i can't take too much butter it shoots right out my ass
that bird can't have bring up
blue me to the can
i can't take too much butter i can't take it at all
i asked her to throw all that stuff and especially sorbeth all
i can't take too much butter it goes through me too fast
every time i eat it i have to take my hand
i can't take 30 or 10 i only wait 132 sure i'd like to start this all over again wouldn't i
132 at 560 wq m the handgoalberg show it to a clock we got the kimbo camp
where it's six NHL hockey Dallas hosts the buffalo sabers game two eight o'clock
tonight speaking of that by the way so i get the Carlos brings in and you're born express
package here in envelope which of course wouldn't be addressed to me anyway but silly me
and i'm opening i look at it first of all doesn't look too promising okay that it's
gonna be my check because it doesn't cover nipples it comes from Dallas
here's mark simmons do we know mark simmons does that name ring of bell to you to me that i don't
have no idea who that is but evidently he knows me because it says here's some twitter reading
material for you from the redneck point of view good luck stars mark simmons and here's the uh
you know here's the Dallas morning news after the first game this is yesterday's paper
sabers and stars reading is what it says and there's michael pecka not gonna jimmy langen run
around his ass nice going air michael and that's it so that's what's in my airborne express
package is we have 27 minutes to go until two o'clock and the checker course still isn't here
which is always a good way of course to like stall off one more day and say oh it'll be here tomorrow
you follow what i'm saying i mean this is they do this all the time not usually with paytracks
this never happened with a paycheck before which of course constitutes a breach of contract you
do understand that you understand that uh yeah that was a paycheck it wouldn't do that would they uh
huh well you know the dog the pony got sick they can make up some comic cockoming you excuse
to use the word slow pay would be such an understanding for this company slow pay that would be
the greatest compliment that we can give them it would be like saying that our lunch yesterday was
different here's four lotterdale hello hello yes sir yeah nia was going to talk to you about the
stars and savers you know if you look at if you look at that series uh even though buffalo did win
the first game uh huh if you look at a seven game series yeah i don't see how buffalo could
out do dollars why is that well because just my virtue of look at the first game the shots on goal
if it wasn't for hashic uh huh that game would have been a uh uh six six one you have a game games
aren't one based on that one fact actually goalies like hashic and Curtis Joseph for to use another
example are used to making a lot of shots i go well effect this past season for the leaves when
Joseph made 30 saves or more his record was almost unbeatable he may have lost maybe one or two
games in the playoffs but other than that he won virtually every game when he made 30 saves or more
yeah but if you want to wade your own a situation like this i would serve i i don't wade your own
situation this isn't the gambling show sir you have to call one of the other shows i don't bet on
sports i bet on my horses okay not on those games but i'm saying if you look at the two teams
wouldn't you say that Dallas has the more uh the the better chance no i will not absolutely not i
think that the Dallas have got a lot of old parts out there and it longer the series goes on
the more favors buffalo which is a much younger team i'd be willing to bet two pounds of
yeah okay whatever you say bet this two pounds of that okay five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty i mean won't even waste your time talking to me about hockey
the refugees that i want to go back to prepare myself to see where my brother and family are
program buttons
okay
Hello, there we go. Are we on the air? Do we have any ID we are on here?
Well, we just took a little light.
Like I said, we took a lightning hit. We just took another one and I'll be on here.
I'm not a little transmitter on that's a question. We have any ID.
Well, I was one kind of sitting here in the talking to myself, although I feel there in the day.
I'm doing it anyway.
5.7.0.550.550 and 18.2.5.550 and 18.2.5.550.550.550 and 18.2.5.550.550.550 and 18.2.5.550.550 and 18.2.5.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.550 and 18.2.
settled
says we boot. But it's lit up. It says like it's gonna work. It's threatening, but it's not working.
Okay, let's do a break and then we'll like to blow our brains out. Okay. It's all inactive. God.
No paycheck. It's only payday. No paycheck here. The power goes out.
TV is out, which of course now I can't watch all the naked people on two seventeen. Wait a minute.
Now you're assuming that's gonna work. Okay. Just give it a shot. I don't know why you were off the
air, but I did see a smith and walenski truck in a park. And this thing ain't working. That's your
favorite. Two I understand. Not I say that's arcanstically. Although, yeah, I went there and gave
him another chance about three weeks ago and and had a very good meal there. But I had prime rib.
Yeah. Yeah, but you know, it's worth it was saying the same thing that it's inconsistent.
And I had out of five times I've been there at three bad experiences. Not too good. That's like
two two out of five that's four hundred, which is a bit badting average. It's been out for a
restaurant. Not for meals for a hockey expert like me. Yeah. I almost called if I would have had
the phone in the car. I was thinking, you know, I was trying to know you made a good point to
start it when you said all these names of all these ex-panthers showing up in the finals here.
And then the first call you get out of the box is a guy who had no idea what he was talking about.
He was an apology. Two Barnes has only two goals, which is a lie. He's got five and he's been
hotter in the pistol the last couple around. And he's known for being a power play guy. That's
where's a lot of goals and a power play. And he's been playing great. You know, I think I had no
clue what he's talking about. Yeah, something else too is this team in Buffalo. They've got four lines,
right? Right. And they all play the answers. That's right. And they play well again. And that's
another reason that if it's a long series, contrary to what this last Tullio was saying, the odds are
with Buffalo because they're younger. They your Lindy reviews all four lines and they're all
four good lines. He doesn't have like a throwaway line. And you notice they're not playing the goons,
Rob Ray is not playing these games. They there's no fighting in the playoffs. So he's not going to
waste his time with that. He's got a fourth line that really plays out there. And Dallas has got
old guys, screw Lynn and Mike Keen and he carbonyls the oldest player league. He's like 500 years old.
If this gets to be a six or seven game series, they got no chance. Is this a doubt? Yes. I've
punched my brain. I think I'll make it cool. Okay, you're money. Not mine. Okay, so I think
that's met in the landscape like once a year if you're there on the right day, it might be okay.
This is shocking. 21 minutes before or two o'clock. And of course, that's only important as far as my
check is concerned. This thing is dead by the way. The phone thing. We won't worry about that. I'll
play some music. I'll just sit here and pop pop pop pop pop pop. You I'll do that.
I woke up this morning. We love feeling of despair. I love for my pussy, but my pussy
was dead. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well. Oh,
first, first, first, first, boy, kitty kitty kitty my cat fell in the well. I got a
better than I climbed up to my pit. I saw you in the just me that my first was
hulking land. Well, well, well, not a cat fell in the well. Oh, first, first, first,
boy, kitty kitty my cat fell in the well. I got a better than I climbed up to my
chick's poolers and if she jumped, then I'll let the kitty have that pretty ass pussy that fell
in the well. Then I'll let the pussy that could bite me with her. Really has a
lila-
It's 145 at 560 WQM.
You're in that station for the 90s with every time somebody farts within a five mile radius
we go off the air.
So we had like a little technical problem and here claps the thunder.
It must be the end of the world again out there.
Nobody's telling me about it.
They're just waiting for me to go outside and enjoy it.
Just what we needed again, especially in the acres, baby.
Oh! 560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
15 minutes and counting until paycheck time from the Beasley Reed people.
Is it here yet?
No.
Seen any evidence of that check?
No.
No.
And it's interesting because we just got an airborne express delivery with that news paper
article from Dallas about the hockey game.
Isn't that interesting?
Seen any here at your check?
No.
And I got news for it.
I'm not leaving here until I have that check in my hand.
Here's the four-letter deal.
Hello?
Niggorneal got.
Yes sir.
Are you done?
Okay.
Great.
Yeah.
I'm from Detroit and I got goosebumps from there about Dave Dixon.
60 years old.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
I'm only 43 but I grew up in the 60s kind of there and we used to actually skip out of
school, take the bus downtown, Detroit to the 33rd floor of the David stop building and
watch him do a show.
Really?
Yeah.
It was great.
And we dropped stuff out of the windows like oranges and stuff.
Right.
It makes splashes on the sidewalk and all that.
But yeah, he converted a lot of people in the ways of listing the radio.
We listed the top 40 on TKW and WXYZ and Keener and all that.
And then WABX came around and changed the whole scene up there as unbelievable.
So he will be greatly missed.
Definitely just one to the say that and good show.
You've been really hot.
You know your show has been incredible.
We'll pass month or two.
Keep it up.
God bless you.
Say you buddy.
Okay.
Say hi to Dick.
Okay.
Curtin.
What was he saying?
Martin B6C KLW.
Those were the days they got goosebumps when he said Keener 13.
Oh boy.
Those were the days when we had real radio personalities and real radio stations and real
jingles.
Let's hear some jingles.
Come on.
KLW and Mola City.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
It's another active god.
He's pissed off.
Thundering, lightning.
It must be pouring again outside just what we needed more of this crap.
13 minutes of counting until I check it supposed to be here.
Is it here yet?
No.
We see any sign of Miriam?
No.
The program director.
No.
General manager.
No.
Here's the lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Lady in Hollywood.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, it's Will.
I called you about six years ago.
Do you remember when you had Bell Paul and I said Neil don't worry about it.
It'll go away and it did.
Yeah.
Remember just like it was yesterday.
Yes, it was yesterday.
I had like Tinkerbells, Paul.
You just don't worry about it.
You know what I want to say?
I did tune in kind of way, but I lived in Connecticut.
I drove to Statenway.
I drove to Yankee Stadium.
I drove to Shay.
Sometimes all by myself.
So there's no reason why anybody down here can't get to any of my...
You don't understand.
They don't care.
It's not a question of why they can't get there.
They don't care.
They don't have an interest.
I mean, on this station, you know, to put on a good show because we've got to make
some money.
We've got to keep pretending that this is a sports town.
It's not.
They don't really care.
You want to be the reason they go to the arena when the Panthers are playing is because
it's a social event.
They don't care about the game.
Right.
You're right.
I hope you get your check.
I want you to get your check and keep it up.
Love your show.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
I mean, we can...
It's like beating a dead horse.
We can keep pounding on this thing like a man.
It says we can wrap out on all year long, but you can't make Chop Liver out of a dog
crap, you know?
And you can't make sports fans out of people who are indifferent and don't care.
I mean, I would understand if there was something else you could say besides early
bird dinners and things for free.
You know, if you could tell me a substitute, the other things that they have an interest
in.
I've been working feverously 23 years to find out what those things are.
Have I had any success?
No.
No.
Early bird dinners, things for free.
That's basically it.
Other than that, no.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's 11 before 2.
The Hank Goldberg show at 2.
And I may be out there in the hallway just with a hammer.
Just knocking holes in the walls or something about what's that?
Is that my check?
My check show off?
Oh no.
Couldn't have been that good.
Was it the check?
No.
No.
