So what be more important, but work our home.
Sport Radio 560W QAM Miami-Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560, cold free for date and brarrad, or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, Paul Erzer, anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions, or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560W QAM, feels cold.
So what's up with that man? I didn't do nothing, I was running back in the van. I didn't do nothing, I had to go to my house, you know what?
I didn't go to my house, because I didn't know what to do. I was going to say, I'm very bad, I just don't know what to do.
I was a little bit of a blunder, I was a little bit of a kid over the boat, and I was like, you know what I'm doing?
So that's our poll question today, what's more important, homework or footwork?
So what are we going to do about this man?
What are we going to do? We've got OJ disease, and it just won't go away. Every time you think you've even breathed and mentioned his name for the last possible time, there he is just sticking his push in your face again.
Over and over and over again.
I'm sure that some of you have seen on Channel 7 News 648 times since last night, the OJ tapes, the latest saga in this ongoing debacle, and of course here in the Herald this morning,
they've been in Broward County. I thought maybe the Herald was cutting this old little slack here, because here's the story right there on the front page, OJ calls 911 about his new girlfriend, police find no sound of trouble.
It's on the front page of the front section, and inside where it's continued on page 9a, they've cropped a picture in black and white, of course.
So there's Pedro Guerrero and OJ and his new girlfriend, Christy Prody, white, and they're the three of man, of course, you don't see what's his name on the road, or the dearly departed Sam on the left, do you see him?
No, but in the Dade County section, not only now, thank God, at least they didn't put it on the front page of the front section, but on the front page of section B, as in bastard, as in bitch.
On the front page of section B, Metro Miami, the Dade County section, here's exactly the same story that appears on the front page of the front section, Broward word for word, but with a big headline splashed across the top of it, OJ has new girlfriend trouble, and they're in full color.
In full color for the first time, there's the famous picture, there's the evidence.
Happy group only last month, OJ Simpson 52, and girlfriend Christy Prody 26 seemed to enjoy a night out of the aster on South Beach with San Duké far left.
Pedro Guerrero and Roy Foster far right full color as the embarrassment here never ever ends.
It's like one of those things where you like, you know, it's like a boulder rolling down a mountain.
It's like a snowball that starts at the top of a goddamn avalanche and just keeps rolling down hill and getting bigger and bigger and bigger until it's just, you know, a nightmare.
The whole goddamn world is going to collapse from the weight of it.
And that's how this thing is here, you know what I'm saying?
Oh man.
Yeah. If you just stop talking about it.
Yeah, right.
Oh, that's right. I forgot Todd Dreck is probably saying I'm talking about this because I got nothing else to talk about.
Like I knew while I'm sitting there innocently watching that slug fast last night between Boston and Cleveland watching the ball game.
Like I had a premonition that they'd have an OJ story on Channel 7 and not only would it be on the, well, they have the goddamn 911 tape on their planet every five minutes, but I also knew that the pictures would be in the newspaper today, including the one in full color again from the aster.
Even the meeting at Louise in the Bronx and Godfather one.
Pales and a win significance even Michael Crowley only would agree with that.
Pales and a win significance compared with this dinner at the aster and this picture going along with it. And by the way, this is now worldwide.
Fox News had this on about the QAM embarrassment.
Howard was talking about it yesterday morning.
It was on the in the New York Post gossip thing that they pulled out of the Sun sentinel gossip thing from Josie Lamby.
So all over the world WQAM is ashamed and embarrassed and humiliated and rightfully so of course.
We finally got our AC working which by the way speaking of AC not that AC speaking of our air conditioning it went out Sunday night at six o'clock.
Did anybody here bother doing anything about that in the interim? No, I'm sorry. No, thank you.
So that at least until when I left here to I have what time did they finally get it? Did you get out of here yesterday or what?
What what time did they finally get the AC 50 yesterday? I don't know. I don't know. There you go. So God only knows but they weren't any big hurry to take care of it because I might have cost them some money.
And our office phones here by the way the internal phones that we can speak to the outside world. They don't work again today.
So Georgia can't get his voice mails and so we're having to make calls out on the bat line to try to find out about our center one stuff which all of course ties in dollars.
OJ. Nothing. I mean don't we have another troubles down here in this town? Who have it on other problems with that? I mean why couldn't you have picked a view of Iowa?
Why couldn't you have picked Syracuse to New York? Why couldn't you have picked the New Michigan? There's so many other places this man could have picked.
And he picks us to infest with his rotting festering crap with his lies with his bull crap with his cocaine with his murdering ways with his sickness with his OJ disease.
And of course we already had it. We're out of this building was already infected. You know what I mean?
I think you do. Yeah. And others already infected with OJ disease. But now the entire community is infected with it.
My favorite line in a story by the way I find very revealing.
Well I'll just read the first two paragraphs for anybody who may have missed it all or really doubt that any. I just can't imagine anybody could have missed it today.
A breathless OJ Simpson called Miami Dades 9-11 hotlines on the evening for help saying former former Los Angeles Dodgers star Pedro Guerrero had taken Simpson's 26 year old girlfriend Christie Proty along on a two day drug binge.
Oh man. Simpson 52 called police from Proty's townhouse in West Kendall around 615 p.m. while the couple was arguing.
How do you like that? What's the old saying you can take the violence out of the boy or how's that go? You can take the boy out of Brentwood but you can't take the
murderous ways out of that old adage go something like that. Just have this strange feeling that we're going to see it's going to be like deja vu all over again.
I could be wrong and for her sake I hope so but it's just something that really smells wrong. I think the whole thing's got a bad nose problem to it if you catch my drift.
What a what a picture here full color we ought to save this for our craft book you know sand decay that we're still suffering fallout we're trying desperately to put the pieces of our center one campaign back together again I've got some bad news about pizza lot by the way that we're going to have to postpone.
Thanks so much for your great assistance on that sand but of course you were too busy putting together that great doctor making all those arrangements to bring this murderer in here and causes all of this international disgrace and embarrassment.
Thank you so much for what we hope will be your parting shot and paid real Guerrero who just a couple of days after this picture appeared for the first time in a hero just a couple of days later got arrested that drug drug bust.
And in the meantime what's going on here yeah the meantime Greg still trying to find out what what we can find a silly putty to fill out hole in this head.
9 minutes after 10 at 5 60 WQ I am your OJ station right where you're a sickness station for the 90s it's the only station in America that's got official OJ disease anybody else inclined to have it but we had it long before this latest crap started we got it we're not too proud of it but we got it.
10 15 at 5 60 WQM your OJ sick station for the 90s Simpson 52 called police from protease townhouse in West Kendall about 6 15 PM while the couple was arguing it says.
On the 9 11 tape the former pro football star said they dispute began when he learned about the drug use and tried to intervene said Simpson we have a problem here I'm trying to get a girl to go to rehab for doing drugs for two days with paid real Guerrero who just got arrested for cocaine and I'm trying to get her to leave the house for rehab.
Of course isn't this the guy that took her to dinner at the answers that's in that picture with paid real Guerrero I just okay Guerrero was charged with cocaine conspiracy Miami federal court October 1 drug enforcement administration agents picked him up at his derail home on 103 court and accused him of agreeing to put up the money for a nephew to buy 15 kilos of coke he posted a hundred thousand dollar bail bond pending trial no one returned to call the Guerrero's home on the night.
9 11 dispatcher asked if anyone was in need of immediate help on Simpson that said no it was transferred to the non emergency line as the tape continues to run he has heard to say to someone apparently protee I want you to call a police.
He remains on hold for several seconds when the new dispatcher reaches and he says well she's left and I don't know what to do about it I'm frustrated paid real Guerrero just got arrested for having 15 kilos of cocaine and this girl spent the last two days doing drugs with him.
Me and a friend just came over and said you are going to rehab she got mad.
She's loaded out of her mind in her Mustang driving around town somewhere Simpson went on she needs to be stopped.
He then tells the dispatcher okay thank you I got to go and see if I can find her and maybe you'll find a coals murder at the same time.
Oh you know just by coincidence he ain't gonna have a much luck on a golf course finding him.
After Simpson hung up to hammock's district patrol officers went to Prote's townhouse in the crossing area.
They found only Simpson there. For the police report he listed as addressed the same as Prote's.
According to the report Simpson said he told Prote he was going to take her to the hospital for treatment she responded that she would call the police if he didn't leave.
The officers finding no sign of her crime gave Simpson a domestic violence information brochure and left.
How do you like that huh? They gave him a domestic violence information brochure and he left.
And I said I can't do my own thing.
He pointed already had one of those pamphlets Monday to that was from California this is different.
Monday to detect this from the Miami-Dade Police domestic crimes bureau went back to Prote some about 1050 in the morning said detective one del castillo a spokesman after several minutes she answered the door.
She explained that she was fine and that there was no problem made domestic nature del castillo said she showed no signs of injury or impairment.
Prote's white Mustang convertible of California tags was still parked in a reserve spot Monday afternoon but no one answered her door.
Her phone had apparently been taken off the hook neighbor said Prote had moved from California a little more than a month ago.
She lives by herself said a neighborhood decline to give his name she's a very nice woman she looks like Nicole.
In 1995 Simpson was acquitted in a criminal trial for the murder of his ex wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman.
He was later found liable for their deaths in a civil trial.
He said he's looking to move from California to South Florida.
Oy!
And has been seen here often recently house hunting and cocoa plum and partying in Miami Beach sometimes with Prote and Guerrero.
He'll Roger Scott.
In an interview with WN. Now here comes the best part.
After all of this stuff which is on tape which they're playing the tape over and over again okay.
It's like Nixon with the tape you can't change the tape and there's no gap on this one.
In an interview with WSBN Channel 7 Monday afternoon Simpson said.
There was a disturbance that I thought they should know about it had nothing to do with me nothing to do with my girlfriend he added with a laugh so don't go there.
End of story.
How do you like that?
Can somebody explain that to me?
Don't you find a little bit of a contradiction here?
His girlfriend just did two days of drugs with Pedro Guerrero who just got arrested for doing 50.
For a silent 15 kilos of coke.
And he's trying to get it to go into drug rehab and she's refusing it and somebody's got to get a hold of this bitch.
I mean it's a nice girl.
And then the next day it's like all it had nothing to do with me or her it was like somebody else the dog done it the dog was doing coke.
The dog had a bad nose problem.
So don't even go there.
Woo!
Heavy heavy heavy duty.
Where does that ever stop?
I don't think it does.
I don't think it does.
And there's that picture I'm looking at this on the front of the Metro Mione section and you gotta come to theade counting by the Mione here on the day.
Oh it's worth it.
Drive just over the county line and get the date virgin.
Because there it is in full color and all of its splendor at the aster.
The most infamous picture and of course the obvious question is which one is the biggest douchebag in that picture.
There's Sam Pedro Guerrero the alleged coke dealer the murderer in the middle.
There's Christine the alleged whatever she is and there's what's his name on the right.
Roll!
Which you already know all about him.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line.
Maybe somebody in this audience is a lot smarter than I am and they can explain to the script and do you let's nip this in the butto.
Okay before we have another OJ problem.
Let's nip it in the blood right now and explain to me the apparent discrepancy in the first part of his 911 call to the police and then his comments to channel 7 news about well.
It wasn't about me and it wasn't about her and don't even go there etc and so on.
And I never saw a freight train and certainly didn't kill nobody and wouldn't wear those ugliest shoes.
Wasn't it amazing that they phoned it up what was it 785 different pictures.
I must have taken a lot of air brushing to phoning up that many pictures and that many of periodicals and magazines and newspapers and all over the guy they were with him for those ugliest Bruno Molly shoes on.
And by the way he said don't call me Molly.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Liberty City. Hello.
Good morning guys. Yes sir. I got a question. I got a comment about the OJ thing.
Yes sir. First of all I thought it was your road about the Ditch with wish your beef thing that he had like 5 years ago.
He said that you were hailing it now Neil that I want to know when he said what that you were going to have to the wish your beef project.
You know what you're beef you know if you have a beef with anything called a station then you know you talk about your beef.
No you're not having that so Joe live.
Yeah Joe live. Okay. No. He also live when he said when he when he lied didn't really lie but he's he's he's almost lying because he knows Dan well at Dan Reato and Jimmy Johnson.
Hate each other like poison because he and Danny are joined at the hip. I think I think Joe and Danny are tighter than Danny and his wife but nevertheless he just you know it's almost like lying by not saying it on the air.
Why is he withholding information and why do I have to be the one to say but never let's go ahead.
Okay now Neil. We're just a fellow to fly together. If I don't do close I'm not going to hang with anybody that does it.
Okay so now I think your country. Are you saying that birds of a feather snort together.
What I'm saying that okay if I beat him right or not I'm black and I'm not poisonous but if I see thought and I think you'd run and you got away money talk so you know money by
it's probably everything. Tony Martin should be gone. Investigate but that's another story. That's another horse of a different color.
Okay but what I'm saying is that OJ Simpson they don't want him in Cocoa Pluff because of the traffic and the company he keeps you know they don't want that kind of traffic in the area.
No maybe because they don't want murderers living there. He's on the trip so he keeps clean. He cleans this lady by calling the police.
Cocaine is a hallucinated drug. It makes you hallucinate it makes you pressure go up and have you tripping and it also makes you.
How can I put it I'm speaking I'm trying to take. Anyway make a long story. Make a long story.
In Articulous is that what you're trying to say. You know it makes you freak to take the nature. He was tripping she was tripping.
He cleared his name before I got any further. Yeah but um.
But that one line though I find very troubling and said the 911 call. He said that said he called police while the cover was arguing. Doesn't that sound familiar?
Okay he's he just I don't know I guess he said with the other conversation. Yeah maybe you may have to trace that call I think OJ got the phone. Uh oh look out.
He said birds of a feather store together and they're having a very good time is what he said. Something like that and he said also if you do enough coke it makes you very very in Articulous.
Oh man. It makes you sound like you got like a thick tongue. Oh man. Here's a mobile in Wellington. Hello. Yeah how you doing I'm doing good. I was listening to Hank yesterday. He made a great point. I thought you bring it up as soon as you got on the air. I didn't hear it.
How about Colombo bus was not even charged with a crime but yeah they want to charge war with a felony. Well that that was not a regional way that somebody we had two people call him say that yesterday. I forget who was the one that made that point. I mean I don't want to take anything away from Hank but that's several people that said that.
Oh okay. All right. And then like I'll say the same thing I said yesterday. She's got better connections in telehassy than Peter's God. Okay I have a good one. And what's wrong with getting a discount?
Nothing nothing at all. Okay. Much into about nothing. Let me say it again. It was a you know it was wrong. It was illegal. It was bad. But I mean Jesus Christ in the overall picture of things. Maybe this guy ought to get like you know two Heismans. Oh gee they ripped off. Come on. Give me a break. He wants to be a snappy dresser. He's going to be a big superstar. He wants to look good. He wants to dress good. Maybe if dealers were smart they'd make a God damn poster child. They're having a tough time getting anybody in their God damn stores.
Maybe Peter wore a God damn poster child. He likes our stuff so much. He come in and the work the special discount just so we could walk around in our dealered stuff and that Tommy Hill forker whatever that is.
I guess you don't realize that most people over at Tommy Hill forker are facts. I guess nobody told him that. Oh I shouldn't have said that. Okay. Let the cat out of the bag. I'm sorry. Because beyond the shadow of a doubt if you do word Tommy, help in your stuff. You're a better not shit.
Kill Nicole. The open thing. The rolling deck beneath your feet. Sweaty muscular man packed in cramped sleeping quarters. It's the new name letting you reach deep to where you had never been before.
It's just the best. It's heaven on earth. The new Navy call your recruiter today. It's more than a job. It's an adventure.
That's 35 60 W. We got Hank at cool city. They two o'clock the boosters from six to seven. A panthers at Montreal. Then I could play those anxious Canadians at seven o'clock. So anyway, this story just I just keep scratching my head. I'm going to start having a whole there like word Greg's go.
I just keep wondering over and over again because it just sounds like deja vu all over again. The couple was arguing. He's on a phone call 911. Have we heard this all before?
Shouldn't she have been the one calling the door. But there were a series of 911 calls. You just think about that one particular one where he was knocking the door down.
That good one. Yeah, the only one just there were a whole bunch of over a period of time. So maybe this is just the first and a whole series, but of course the people of Channel seven are going.
We can only pray and hope for that. Here's candle, humble Vogue. Hello. Well speaking about that, don't you know the Channel seven getting all the file footage ready just in case?
Right. Of course. So five that when is your station going to fire away Foster's ass? You're asking me? No, I'm asking. I haven't got any idea.
I don't think they're going to do anything to Roy Foster. Are you kidding me? Are they that stupid? I mean, I cannot believe that they could be that they could be that stupid.
I don't have any idea who's a naked pictures. He's got in this joint, but obviously he must have something holding over somebody said because he's still here.
It's Sam did Sam to take it fired. He's suspended is the last we heard. We have a feeling he won't be coming back anytime soon 30 or 40 years. Hopefully. Well, I have Greg rig and these leads are helping enjoy the notoriety of being.
You know something. They think of the oblivious. They're in budget meetings again today and all they care about is give us the guy that money. They don't care.
Our phone system up here our business like I said before we can't communicate with the outside world. We can't get any information on all the center once we're just hearing a vacuum. You know and they're in budget meetings. They're oblivious. They're all going to.
Yeah. Have any of the sponsors dropped off the station because of the cause of Foster and the joj. Roy doesn't have to worry about losing it any of his accounts because he never sold him. He never has it. Right. That's right. That's correct. So what are they paying? Huh? So what are they paying?
I think it takes it out and trade have a great day sir. There's a Roy Foster fan. Roy. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I mean, I'm you know, I'm not trying to be flip or light about these things. Am I? I mean, if I had an answer, I can't speak for management. God, that would be the last thing I would try to do is speak for these people.
They're in budget meetings today. We only got 175 different goddamn crises going on at the same time and nobody gives a rat's ass. Nobody cares.
They're busy doing more important stuff. They're busy trying to figure out how to get more spots on here so they can pay John Henry.
$585,000 a month for the sports rights of these bogus ball games we got here on this radio station, which like I told you, I've been telling you over and over again.
And I'm the only one on this station will tell you it's strangling this place. All the Hank said the same thing a couple of weeks ago.
That's why we got to have 13 minute breaks on his show so we can pay Wayne and John Henry.
5 6 7 0 5 60, £560 on the AT&T line. You people down there in Kendall. You ought to be very excited now knowing that this is his home address.
The Hanukes in West Kendall. You got a new neighbor. See the reason I moved out of Kendall years ago is because the scumbags were starting to move in. So what's, you know, what's one more?
Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I'm kind of new still to the hockey scene and I've been watching the Panthers the last couple years.
And I know a big part of this season relies on the health of Pavel Burry, but no, the whole season, the whole season. Do you see the team overall? I know Burry is a big part of it.
But do you see the overall team being better this year than last year? I'm going to hang up and listen. Thanks.
Okay. Yeah, I would say that marginally they're a little bit better. I mean, there are not that many changes to be honest with you. The Todd Simpson is an improvement on defense.
But there aren't that many changes. The team will be better this year. Burry stays healthy. That'll be the difference. I have a whole year of him healthy. Other than that, there aren't that any changes. Gold tentings a little bit better. They got rid of captain Kirk.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Palm 5 60 on the I don't want to talk too much hockey day. Okay, after the Leafs lost the night for last night. One of the most embarrassing games in the history of Toronto. Whole city is probably in morning today.
Nice going Pat. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, is that me? That's you. Yeah. Okay. Hey, forget what happened before to OJ. Yeah. But how could they? How could they personally give him the children with a kind of junky run for? Yeah. Could you believe that? It's hard to believe, isn't it?
It's hard to put those two kids in a custody of a murdering son of a bitch who's literally, you know, involved with all these coke people and yeah. Look what he runs with. Maybe they wanted the kids to learn to play golf good. It's something like that. Yeah, I guess that's about it. I can't. I just can't believe the government. I can't believe it. Yeah. They gave him the children. It's terrifying. Yeah. Okay. I'm listening. What's even more terrifying is that he's going to be living here with us. Yeah. Could you believe that? Exactly. Okay. Have a great day.
Good bye, Neil. Bye. Bye. Happy for him. Okay. Well, she sounds a little bit depressed. And of course, why shouldn't we be depressed? Like I said before, we got enough. We got enough other problems. We got this most band band thing going on. That same old tired one note. A bunch of crazy people. And by the way, thanks to the young man who called yesterday with the channel 51 exclusive about Willie, Tarrino. Not that anybody's really care about Willie, Tarrino. But thank you very much because it's in the paper today. And you were right on target. Of course, there obviously are some people in this town. The same old history.
There are some historical people that were out there after you're reading acting like barbarians on the Saturday night. They care.
Most of us don't even know who to help Willie, Tarrino is nor do we want to know. Believe me. Although based based on what I'm hearing, this is just a rumor. But one thing I heard about Willie, Tarrino.
He can't think for sure. But beside that, here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I was going to. Okay. Well, bottom line is that the same thing is going to handle.
Hello. So what is his? He's going to have to kill you this person too because obviously, you know, he's going to go crazy already. You know what I say?
No, what are you saying? Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Topics one life one death. Congratulations on your new neighbor, by the way.
Yeah, I love no kidding. Atkins. Try glycerides. Yes, they go down. Yes. A lot.
Dramatically. Well, for some people, I went to first there when I did Atkins religiously for two months, 300 down to 66.
Is there a critical time in the first couple of weeks where you're converting your body to a cautic state, I guess, and everything is high or what's the story with that? What do you buy that?
Well, like in the first two weeks, I'm assuming your body is adjusting to the change over to the Atkins approach.
And so you're feeding yourself all this Dreck and curious.
What would you mean you're feeding yourself all this Dreck? What does that mean? What Dreck do you eat on the Atkins diet?
You know, the Red Meat. That's not Dreck. Well, you're eliminating the Dreck to be fine carbohydrates.
I understand. By getting rid of the carbs and all that stuff, that's feeding yourself the stuff that you're supposed to have on Atkins.
And that's first couple of weeks is that transition is taking place. Are your levels of HDL, LDL, or triglycerides climbing until they get a point where they didn't go down?
I have no idea because I never had it measured within two weeks. I think two weeks is too short a period of time to ever have to blood test again. It's insignificant.
Would you recommend a first blood test? I'm not a doctor. Doctors got to recommend that. I'm not going to go on a year here and be responsible like Oprah.
There's crazy hellers on again yesterday with that reward meal and all these people that want to kill their viewers.
I'm not going to do that. You got to talk to a doctor about that. But certainly a few weeks, a month, something like that. A couple of months.
Yes, logical. That's right. Why?
Why do you come up with that? Did you try the Atkins and your blood lipids went up?
No, no. I started it. I happen to be a cardiac patient. So I want to make sure that I'm not stepping in due to my way into this.
Well, if you're a cardiac patient, you're calling and asking me on the radio. What kind of a doctor have you got?
No, I'm just curious. He didn't really have a problem with it. I didn't get a problem with it.
I'm going to call them out. My cholesterol now is in the 140.
140? Yeah, 146.
What's wrong with that? Nothing. But that's on the list.
What about your triglyceride? That's on the list of it. I didn't get my triglycerides. I don't recall what they are.
Your cholesterol is 146 and your convention over here? Well, it's on a med. Now the one nice thing is my sugar went down.
Yeah, of course. That's a great thing. That's what Atkins does.
I was having a midday sugar in the 130s and now it's like 97.
Right. So I'm like, you're all about that.
Well, my day's sugar went to 130s is not. There's nothing wrong with that either.
But if you're diabetic like I am, it's not sugar.
I have sugar with. Well, then that's great.
That's the other thing.
Let's keep it up. Don't make excuses to a good office.
Not deaf.
Yeah. Is OJs, is he shacking up with the girlfriend here in Kendall? Or is he just visiting her? Is he physically living here?
He's hanging out with her. So what do you think? You think they're sitting there while looking at pictures in the call?
Of course he's shacked up with her. Does he have physical custody of his kids? Are they living with him here?
No, they're not here. They're back in California. But of course he has custody of his kids.
All right. Looks like a paparazzi opportunity.
Okay. Have a good luck.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay.
This guy's got 146 cholesterol. He's worried about it.
Two foods can be like a fun.
She's got me between her breasts and I think I'll get off.
Double D, think I'll come.
She's got me humping, pumping with all of my clothes off.
Double D, think I'll come.
I'm so erect, any minute I'll go.
She's giving me one hell of a penny show.
Well, I'm a city heaven. Gonna have the fun.
And the best part about it is she wants one tonight.
Well, I'm a city heaven. Get that on the couch.
Well, I'm a city heaven. Gotta blow through my mouth.
Two foods can be like a tough. Two foods can be like a tough one.
No, it's a good set way because I'm gonna talk about our center one CD.
It sounds like the original center one CD is like a dollar compression on there and all screwed up.
I have no idea. I guess operator error might be the problem there.
But of course we haven't had no operator put anything in there in a very long time anyway.
So, you know, but at any rate, it's a 14d411 at 560 QAM.
But she's got a great answer.
Nevertheless, let me just tell you about this center one thing.
More bad news. Not bad enough that OJ is down there talking to 911 and doing all these bizarre things.
And that picture is in the paper again this morning and all over the place.
In full color. But so we were supposed to like have our second appearance for center one.
It beats a lot next to the two day.
We from the night as a matter of fact, six to eight PM. Is that gonna happen?
No. No, and the reason being that well, you know, some people were right.
You know, when they have these rush jobs and they're gonna try to get the and believe me, the new CD's, the new and improved best in the
2009 will sound great because we listen to the master and they do sound fantastic.
Don't have the compression like the bit I just played a sound sensational, but because it's a rush job and they got to have them packaged and do this and stuff them in the cases and all it's gonna take like an extra there too.
And so it's unlikely that it would be ready.
So why take the chance for another debacle and other disaster?
Do I want to do that?
No. I don't think so.
Not after all of this guy, damn radio station has put us through this campaign this year.
It's unbelievable.
The old J thing is only just a small part of it.
That great golf tournament.
That great golf tournament?
Oh, yeah, that was good.
But at any rate, so we're gonna push it back a week till Tuesday, October 26th, with somebody better tell Pony tale about that and Brian and whoever else is involved in this thing.
And as far as those buttons are concerned, you know, the ones that have all the sound effects like that.
Which we're gonna be peddling for center one this year.
Those will be who I see we can't get any information because we can't communicate with the outside world.
So we don't have them exactly at the moment and we will have many day, but will they be at specs?
Do we know will they be I know nothing?
What do you I already spoke to Carol about that on the hotline?
On the hotline.
On the hotline.
Great.
That's not confirmed yet, but she doesn't foresee a problem getting them into some.
But it's not confirmed yet.
That's the upper nut.
Here's the problem.
Here's what bothers me a lot.
Unlike previous years, I'm going on a year.
See, I hate to break the news to anybody who hasn't figured it out yet.
This is the near Roger show.
Okay.
This isn't the Carol show.
This isn't the, the, uh, anybody out.
This is the near Roger show.
It's the best in the LCD.
I've got my name on this.
I'm the one that's on the year promoting this.
I'm the one that's trying to raise the money for a good cause.
And I'm the one that's trying to explain to the guy.
The audience that I got out there.
What's going on?
Who's on first?
It's that I'm in so on.
And like to pilot with the blindfold over his eyes.
Uh, I'm flying blind here.
Maybe this says, you know, like that song, maybe you're right.
And maybe I, you know, I don't know.
But let's see, that's not a satisfactory answer.
Carol, that's not a satisfactory answer.
Call us when we have something firm to tell the audience.
Something absolute, positive, written in stone.
Then I'll go on the year and say, as opposed to one more time,
since our credibility on this whole thing is rapidly diminishing,
especially when Greg Reed goes into press.
And now all over the world is quoted as saying,
oh, well, some of it went to OJ related expenses.
We're trying to sort this mess out.
Oh, that's a great confidence booster for people who want to get involved
with any charity related to with WQIM.
Seriously, I mean, he might have said, instead of that statement,
he might as well have just said that it would have been a lot more intelligent.
It would have been right to the point it would have reflected his mentality.
It would have been, it would have been perfect coming from him.
Like that could have been glad to come in here, play that over the phone.
To whoever he was speaking.
But instead, he comes up with a bonehead comment like that.
Some of it went to OJ related expenses.
Some of the money that was raised at that infamous, anxious golf tournament.
That we didn't know why I think you do it in the first place.
But to quote our sales manager, she says to me,
oh, hook and control Roy.
Hook and control Roy.
And I said to the world, well, doesn't he work for you?
Aren't you the sales manager?
Isn't only have a general manager?
Isn't there somebody writing the shiver?
And she went, uh, eeehh.
Just like that.
So all I can tell you is the pizza loft has been postponed a week till Tuesday, October 26th, 8 p.m.
Pushed back a week by which time we'll have the new and improved great-sounding CDs.
And if you have one of the ones that you bought it specs previously,
bring it on by, we'll swap it for you.
Or if you don't, I mean, we don't have to, you know, we're not going to force people to come all the way to pizza loft
if they can't or they don't want to or whatever.
And as soon as the new ones are available to us, then, you know, we'll find some other way.
In fact, the folks have already agreed that we'll pay the postage if you want to swap them by mail.
We'll pay the postage to do that because we don't expect you to have to do it.
Because you, you know, gave your donation and you bought these things in good faith.
Expectingly, it would sound good as opposed to sounding like,
like crap, like that.
So here I am again, trying to, like, you know, do a little tap dance, try and pass along information
and can't really do it because I'm not getting any information at it.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Oh, Neil, I love you show.
Of course.
Hey, of course. Hey, listen.
You always, actually, yes.
Six, seven months ago, I was out in the grove and I saw O.J. Simpson.
And I was just amazed.
I found many stupid girls were like going up to him, trying to meet him, thinking he's this big ol' celebrity.
He's an anti-Christ and people don't get that.
And I'm just...
He's a scumbag. He's a...
I'm a...
What was subhuman form of scum that I can imagine?
But people are so incredibly stupid and they don't, and they buy into what the media says and they don't realize.
And, you know, something else, off the subject, you know, we hit six billion people in this world as of today.
Like a six billion baby was born in Bosnia.
And the Catholic church man still goes around, you know, anti-abortion, anti-women, anti-everything, property aid.
It's ridiculous.
People that are wake up.
That's what the Catholic church does best, creating misery everywhere they go.
My mom's Catholic, my father's Catholic, I have nothing to do with the Catholic church.
It's disgusting. People need to wake up.
Okay, sweetheart, I'll wait for you.
Okay, see if you hail Mary.
Hail Mary, Holy Mother of God, blessed our pomegranate.
And if you say enough of them, then maybe the father won't touch you next time, but he probably will anyway, if you look could.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, that's why Jesse Ventura is so appealing to me because here's the guy who's the governor of Minnesota, not just a big ex wrestler with a big mouth, but a guy who's the governor of Minnesota doing a great job up there too, by the way.
Cutting back on taxes, getting more money for education, and doing the kinds of things that an intelligent person supposedly should be doing for the people.
And he's got the hoods, but it come along and tear down all of this bull crap that so many of you people have been brainwashed with and you can't build the internal fortitude and strength to tear yourselves away like this nice lady who finally did she just said no to the God damn Catholic church and all that bull crap.
The greatest procreator of misery and suffering and hunger and desperation in the entire goddamn world.
Yeah, go forth and be fruitful and multiply and make a lot of good Catholic babies.
Maybe we can get it up to 10 billion if we start screwing enough, huh?
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Neil? Yes, sir.
Is this no rudder? It sounds just like you.
I'm on the radio.
You're on the radio, yes.
Neil, I think it all revolves around the money.
He's on the radio, by the way, folks.
I think it all revolves around the money.
What's that?
What money?
Well, like the Panthers and the Marlins.
If you have the money to do the...
The OJ, the Panthers in the Marlins here, and try to follow this.
You have the money to do these things.
To do what things?
Anything to kill or to catch the football if you have the money.
The money?
You can do this.
Who is this Tommy James with the Fony voice?
Money, Money?
Yeah. You're on the radio.
What an asshole.
5667-0560, POM 560 on the AT&T line.
We've got 600 open lines here right now.
Can't imagine why after that, Jack.
Here's Sunrise. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah. Sunday morning, I was watching the news which all is as good.
Yes.
It did a report on evolution versus creation.
They had this guy who teaches the science class at a Christian college.
He's saying that dinosaurs were a no-as-ark and he says it's from the Bible.
Many people are nuts.
This is the kind of stuff they want to teach.
I mean, before the animals were on the earth,
wouldn't they be dinosaurs walking around right now?
I don't know.
Let me ask you this.
How did Noah go out and catch the dinosaur in the first place?
It had to be what hell of a big arc.
I think it just walked out.
Not only that, but I've asked a million times you forward over to the answer.
Who was shoveling the dinosaur's crap on the arke?
That's right.
One more thing.
How did he go out and catch all of those things?
It's ridiculous.
In addition to which, how come God who's omnipotent can do everything instead of telling this poor old slipper this drunk Noah to go out and do it?
Why didn't he just wave his little magic wand or his beanie or whatever he's got?
Rub his little magic lamp and all of a sudden all these animals appeared on the earth.
In fact, why didn't he provide the arc for Noah instead of having him go out there and build a hammer and nail and cut down these guy damn trees and do all of this other stuff?
Why didn't you say, look, here's the magic arc from heaven.
Take all the animals and I'll save your ass.
It's the one that he's drowning everybody else.
And George Bush says it should be important in public schools.
Yeah, in between the stording coke.
That's one more thing.
That's why Jeb Bush had the coke machines put back in school.
He likes the sound of it.
I read the Jesse Ventura article on Playboy.
Yes, sir.
It's a three sentence quote with the religion.
He's talking about the religious right and a blind follower.
Right on the ear here, sir.
Yesterday I had it.
That's what it's all about.
And the inquisition was also organized religion.
No kidding.
Okay, remember keep those dinosaurs off the arc.
Okay, thanks.
Celtino not to get sore.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Maybe that's why we have this low band band problem.
Maybe Dino's sore about it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Not getting a lot of calls from West Kendall today.
Probably most people are sitting there with the shades drawn.
Peering out the window.
Got their alarms.
Get your security alarms on it.
Real Biden candle.
That's my best suggestion to you.
Gory's the foreignest person that you'll ever view.
Yes.
We can't take him anymore.
No one for boring.
Invite President Al Gore.
No size of patience.
Expression is he alive.
If you start with him then one hour seems like five.
The story is the foreignest person that you'll ever view.
The story is the foreignest person that goes for a tip or two.
Only one's more word than him and not be young.
But he'll come to life for Asian guys with lots of dogs.
Gory's the foreignest he's now.
Gory's the foreignest he's now.
Gory's the foreignest person that you'll ever view.
11-1-5-60-122.
We've got 600 open lines here.
5-6-705-60.
Here's a mobile and crawl springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing today?
You believe in counter and balance and counter balance?
What does that mean?
The beginning in the Yang.
The reason I asked that is because you believe that for instance what happens on the Earth will occur on the other side.
Of course not.
For instance, Earthquates that happen in Greece.
Of course not.
And why is that?
With all the scientific data that's out that says that what will happen on one side of the Earth will have to count the balance on the other side.
Well, eventually there's no way to predict it.
There's no way to know what's going to happen.
Okay, scientific data has been made.
What is going to have to do with anything?
What is the purpose of that?
The purpose of that is that this is a prediction.
That's all it is.
Addiction by scientists that December 22nd of this year there will be tremendous earthquake in California.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And?
And don't you think that's very important for the people to know that?
No, because we don't live in California in the industry which I don't believe in.
How about let's go to Nostradamus and see what he said about it.
He was so off 12 years.
Is that so much a great deal?
Sure.
Take your toddler in your star.
Get back into broom closet.
We'll tell you when it's safe to come out.
What did that have to do with anything?
Does anybody know what that has to do with anything?
Oh, I guess that's what we're going to bring him out of the box and investigate.
Besides everybody knows the asteroids are going to kill us way before they get there.
Of course, what are you worried about?
They're coming I think about a week from Sookas.
Of course, that's why we enjoy working in this place because it's like a three ring Sookas.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT.
That was a brilliant call, sir.
Do we live in California?
Oh.
Okay, well that's the chance that you take.
California they got earthquakes.
We got hurricanes and you know they got mudslides out there.
We got OJ.
Just to get even with us they shift this OJ just so we have as much risk as they got.
Crazy person, another one.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Let's hear the fellows lease and that's Sunday.
Okay, great.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, sir?
Okay, sounds like that.
That lead to me it is.
Okay, one call left and a more and that's it.
We can say audio's today, baby.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Now the real drags are starting to seep in.
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Good to hear from you.
Now I'll call you again someday.
Don't you, I'm going to watch you up if you call me lately.
What is it?
I'm going to be lately.
You mean like the last 23 years?
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Is that's what we got here, pal.
Open a window and look out there.
You'll find out.
I know I'm driving by them all the time.
I'm a professional driver, so you know, and that's how it goes.
But I want to ask you a favor.
Give me a favor, point spat and hand job.
Sir, is this a phone call?
Is this a conversation?
Well, you know, it's a boring request is what it is.
This isn't a conversation with a goddamn talk show.
Shame on you, sir.
I'll get to it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
This is amazing to me.
The boneheads.
Do I believe in the balance and the counterbalance and ying and yang in December 22?
Like they can predict to the day when we're going to have earthquakes.
Right.
And they'll probably tell you exactly where it's going to be to.
Maybe at Anaheim right there at Disneyland.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm rehashing something yesterday.
I was on hold for a while.
But I'm an excellent enforcement.
And I don't know if you noticed in this thing that the concert the other night,
how they conveniently sent up a gauntlet for these people to come through.
I mean, if they really cared about the safety and security of the people going in there,
they would have never allowed access so close for projectiles and be thrown at them.
Of course, that, of course not.
That's right.
I mean, you know, that has been brought up.
I was listening to reading a lot of articles.
But all of these articles are saying, oh, yeah, well, the protesters are going to write to protest.
They don't have any rights to spit at these people.
They're going to throw rocks in bottles at them and to jeopardize their safety.
Nobody's got a right to do that.
But of course, in this banana boat town, nobody wants to go out and live and say that except me.
Well, it's, you know, I mean, I'm married to you.
You know, but it's not right.
I mean, it's just a matter of fact, it's, you know, anywhere else you would have never had that.
I mean, they were allowing these people to commit a crime and they were watching it happening.
And then Tomas Raggerlotto got the balls to get on the news there yesterday and say,
oh, we can't let them come back any December because feelings are so high about this now.
Yes, what happened this weekend was nothing.
It'll be much worse the next time.
It can't get worse.
As opposed to condemning the people that were committing the illegal acts, as opposed to condemning them,
he's predicting, oh, we can't let it happen again because it'll be much worse.
So, in other words, what he's really saying is you can't perform here because this is a banana republic.
He might as well as just said that.
Well, they allowed to incite it.
I mean, they, they, they, they had it on TV.
They said, oh, we got to go get more barricades because there's more people coming and they allow them to put in a flatbed truck to have a concert.
I mean, they allowed a carnival like, you know, atmosphere and and and give them the ammunition.
They didn't just allow it. They encouraged it.
They did. They did. There's no doubt about it.
I mean, they won't admit it, but you know, that's the way it is. But anyway, I appreciate it.
Okay, hang in there.
All right.
Okay, 1400 open lines here.
5670560.
Very Luke War Mediterranean Toural in the Sunsend of the day.
We're still waiting for the one in the herald.
Are we going to see that?
Yeah, sure. Hold your breath.
Very Luke War Mediterranean Toural on Los Band Band in the Sunsend of the day.
First amendment at stake from a financial standpoint.
At least promoters of Saturday's Los Band Band concert.
They're reasonably disappointed.
After weeks of heated resistance, they sold only 1800 tickets to the event, not even close to breaking even.
Well, that's interesting because the paper day that they said they sold 2400 tickets, which was enough to break even.
Cuban exiles who tried to stop the concert.
First by forcing a change of venue, then by hurling ex and insults at the band fans as they tried to end the arena.
We're disappointed too.
For them, 1800 tickets was 1800 too many.
But those who braved the swallow protest to hear Cuba's most influential band help not to victory for freedom of expression.
Never mind that most of them profess to be there just to dance.
We don't do politics.
We make music band leader Juan Formel has said over and over again if only it were that simple.
Formel and the other musicians who make up Los Band Band are considered by many Cuban exiles to be ambassadors for the Castro government.
The group's name comes from a 1969 war campaign in which hundreds of thousands of Cubans were forced into the fields to increase the country's sugar harvest.
The many Los Band Band represents the continued repression by that government.
To them, the fact that the band is allowed to travel on others are not as the evidence of its favorite status.
Whether this makes it the official Communist Band of Fidel Castro is Mimei Mayor Joe Carroyo has said is debatable.
But it's pointless to argue that a Los Band Band concert scheduled in Mimei is something less than a political event.
The protesters, most of whom restrained themselves from the rock and bottle throwing, had every right to protest.
It's their position which steps on the rights of the band to perform under fans to attend that is dead wrong.
There we finally, after all of the window dressing, they finally got around to say the right thing.
Mimei officials were also wrong to cave into pressure from powerful exiles and block Los Band Band from playing in the city owned James L. Knight Center.
Once that was done, however, it became impossible for anyone who attended the concert to avoid making a statement in the process.
That statement, which applies to both sides, is about the First Amendment and the rights of all parties to be heard.
It wasn't Viva Fidel, but it wasn't less dance either. Very lukewarm.
He had one paragraph in there that made sense.
Because it isn't anybody's right to go there and intimidate people and spit at them and throw rocks and bottles at them and endanger their safety.
That's not part of the Constitution and you assholes at the Sun Sentinel know that.
But you got to try, maybe that's what that guy was talking about. Got to balance it out a little bit.
Very simple. The First Amendment doesn't apply in Dave County, Florida. Very, very simple. Does not apply.
And I don't give a crap. Who's Goddamn band? They work. They work.
How come when they went to all these other cities including Toronto? There was no protest. There was no hysteria. There was no political statement being made.
They just went and played dance music. And a bunch of people went and they had a good time and that was the end of that.
And they didn't all of a sudden stop become card-carrying communist the next day.
How do you know? That we know of yet.
All they did.
This fall on CBS, meet a small town free to speak the word of God and add a few choice words of his own. It's Father Teret's mystery.
We're going to love it. We are gobbled here today. We're joined together. This is fucking damn fucking fucking fucking mother.
In holy matrimon.
Father Teret mystery. A new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Hopeless and NYPD Blue Ball.
Hey, all you fucking shit. You little poor bad monger. You fucking bastard here.
Sunday this fall, spending hour with Father Teret. White after an all new season of touchdown there by an angel only on CBS.
If only 15 to 560 WTA and 560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T world was like getting a lot of really brilliant commentary on this most fun thing by the way.
Like that phony bull bike that called yesterday about her and her lesbian lover there went there so they could get jiggy with it.
What she said that about 16 times.
And I still hate Wilson myth. Okay, you could say 400 times. In fact, each time you say it, I hate him a little bit more.
They were getting jiggy with it with their 80 200 dill rows.
Of course, the obvious implication being and of course she has to throw in the shot.
Oh, well, of course, they're very big in a gay community. I've never heard anybody in a gay community who knows those vines.
And of course, if there are Cuban group isn't that redundant anyway?
560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T world was like, see, this is the way it works.
Music groups, art people, they come and they perform. They show their art show.
They play their music. And if you want to go and pay to see it, go ahead.
If you don't stay at home, go play part cheesy. Go play dominoes in a park. Do something else.
That's how it works. If you don't like it, don't go.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I cut the things out. I'm fired up to the study.
This is, uh, OG. We need that 911 because we only have three numbers.
And regarding the lumbar, the protest, every place I've ever been.
The lumbar? Yeah. The lumbar. Yeah. The lumbar.
You need some type of permit. You only play. You don't need one.
It's a natural day. That's right. You're not not only don't you need to permit the protest.
You don't need to permit the Latin block the highway if you put it off.
Your reason there is, you know, it's because you're not in the United States.
You're in this, you're like, you always say you're in a banana boat.
We probably absolutely correct. And I've had, I tell you what, I put a force.
I have a really nice house in the bay. I've got the force that I'll sign up and I'm out of here.
I don't know where I'm going. I'm going. I'm going.
Yeah. Let's be in the office.
Look back at that. We're joking.
Okay. 4200 open lines here today.
It looked like we were going to have a show there in the beginning.
Now I have my doubts. Now I have a feeling that we're going to be here in 98 degrees for four and a half hours.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Sounds good to me, by the way.
And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As usual, all of these things happen in our midst and these people are got nothing to say about it.
And we get calls like the guy, do I believe in the Ying and the Yang and the In and the Out?
And we're going to have a God damn big earthquake in California December 22nd.
Talk about a guy who's been reading too many God damn tabloids.
Here's Miramar. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir.
I want to ask you, one of the basics I want to ask, and we'll tell you something.
You know, these Cubans who were down here at the Elon Musk von von concert.
Yes. You know, the hypocrisy of these illegal aliens is the only thing you can say.
You know, majority of them are on the first plane back to Cuba the second day that they get here off of a raft.
And the first thing they're doing is taking money back to Cuba to their relatives and in dollars.
And what they're doing with it is that they're spending it in stores that are operated by the Cuban government.
And the only communists.
Absolutely. So they're talking about supporting Castro.
The biggest supporters of Castro in Miami are the Cuban ex-all community.
Because they're sending money back to Cuba over fifths.
And pretend lying about it, pretending not to.
Oh, yeah, yeah. You know, you go down there, you go to the airport any morning.
There's a thousand people trying to get on the airplane to go to Mexico, to go to the Bahamas, to go any way they can to take money back to their family.
And who spends the money in Cuba? And where does the money go? It goes to Castro.
Correct.
These are the biggest hypocrites that walk the face of the earth.
Absolutely correct, sir.
You know, and what they would do, they would say, oh, no, not me, not me.
But you go anywhere in the Cuban community and you can find a thousand people that are going to Cuba, take this hundred of us to my family.
Take this thousand of us to my family.
Right. Why?
Oh, why don't my family do hungry?
How awesome.
What's that don't do as I do do as I say that.
You know, if it wasn't for the illegal vote to the faith they're doing, the first thing they do is they get off the boat.
They go down, they get their little green guard or whatever it is from immigration.
They go down to Metro Dade, they raise their right hand, I'm a citizen.
They get a voting card.
Yeah.
And how do you think Iliana Roth and all these other politicians in Cuban Miami?
Get elected.
Yeah.
Because there's no restrictions.
You know, if Florida, the only thing you have to do is raise your right hand and swear that you're a citizen.
Okay. Have a great day, pal. Once you get to the third time.
But he's got a good point. He's right on target, baby.
Let's just make it like the Catholic Church. It's the numbers game.
Let's just keep bringing on all these goddamn people, poof, you're a citizen and the vote for me.
I never stole a freight train.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of vote for me, I never stole a freight train.
Guess who's looking like a major jackass again on the actual news?
Not Mayor Penga.
You see that last night on the CBS evening news?
About the deal about all these different cities that are trying to take into guns from the Palaun Forceman agencies and peddling them.
To make sure that they don't wind up in the hands of the public.
Peddling into other law enforcement agencies, but come to find out that Mayor Penga here in the county made a contract with a with a firm that is putting them the hands of individuals all over the hemisphere.
And they brought the list to Mayor Penga who sat there and he went, but me, but I didn't know.
I didn't know that and.
And they made him and this town again looked like a bunch of total incompetence and jackasses.
Right there on the CBS evening news in front of millions and millions of people again last night while he sat there looking at the list and go.
Like that.
Oh, we didn't know nothing.
We thought they were doing the right thing. Well, guess what they weren't.
Oh, just beautiful mayor.
I'm going to tell you one thing. Mayor Penga, you're perfect.
View people I could say that about, but you're a perfect asshole.
Everything you do turns the pure instant crap, including that American Airlines arena down there that you slipped us the Mickey on.
And by the way, nobody wants to go pay tickets to go there. Nice going. Nice job.
Here's a mobile and West Palm. Hello.
Mobile and West Palm Beach.
Yeah. It's something that is cow. There's something that I like to know.
How about all these sports arenas here?
Let me ask you something. Is somebody squeezing your bag now or what?
You're making vibrating sounds. Okay. Go empty it out and call us back. Maybe someday. Not soon.
Hey, this is our last round.
5607.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi. I just want to comment on regards to the Cubans and the riots.
Do they think they're going to be the what?
I mean, the protest that we're having when the government down here.
Yeah.
We have a lot of people that mean they were keys from Saudi Arabia somewhere around there.
From Saudi Arabia?
We have people from trouble that we don't come up here and fight our government.
That's like thousands of miles. I don't want to get these 90 miles away.
If you want to fight Castro, go to Cuba and fight Castro.
Don't come here and display just non-challen attitudes and make a total ass out of all themselves.
I can't tell you how much and everybody hates the Cubans around here.
Yeah. He's not Cuba. Do you hate the Cubans?
I'm not asking for the people, but the behavior is like terrible.
You just said everybody hates the Cubans.
I mean, I'm a job that was all we all talked about yesterday.
Why would they want to do that?
I'm not responding. You're having trouble hearing me, sir.
I'm asking the question. Do you hate the Cubans? Do you hate all Cuban people?
No, really.
Then why did you just say that? You said everybody hates the Cubans.
You just got to say that.
No, the way they behave, the way they behave, sharing down stuff, closing roads,
want to prove that they hate this man so much.
Yeah. Why don't you go up there and let him know you're hitting someone?
Maybe you had to write in the beginning. We had to send him to Saudi Arabia.
That might solve the problem.
Yeah. Okay, thank you. There you go. There's a good color.
I had to write on the nose. I'll send all these disgruntled Cubans to Saudi Arabia.
That was straight in there. I'll stick him in the goddamn desert.
And don't give him a map like Frankie Panky said.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I think we're finally starting to get warm now.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hello, nearly.
Yes, sir.
What do you still be still in need?
What can I do for you, sir?
You got a comment or is this your material?
No, sir. I apologize. I have a question for you.
How many protesters were there at this thing?
How many protesters thousands?
Yeah, how many people?
And how many?
How many Cubans are in Miami?
Two million.
Okay, so the other two million is almost two million Hispanics.
1.2 Cubans, yeah.
I got a question.
People like George and I do.
I mean, because 3000 people, 4000 people show up.
And for some reason I'm being labeled here.
But you know, how many times, sir, how many times, including as recently as yesterday,
do I get on the air and I say the reason that this stereotype exists is because the rest of you people have nothing to say.
You don't denounce it.
If you are, I am denouncing it, sir.
Good for you.
If you're first off, I guarantee you most of us aren't like that.
So where do I go?
Are you in hiding?
Is the only thing you can do when you call a talk show, we say,
by the corn, by the corn, and that's your idea of a call to a talk show?
No, no, no.
I didn't say my deconement.
Well, I would say 90% of the Cuban calls I get, that's their material.
Not a cone, no matter what the issue is, we could have nuclear weapons dropping,
and they still will call a show, not a cone.
And that's, that's the idea of a phone call.
But I'm not.
That's the idea of being involved in this community.
No, but I understand.
Let me ask you a question.
When you have a gay pride parade and some of those people embarrass you.
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do I do?
I don't go. I decry them.
I go on the air.
Like a bunch of fruit cakes.
That's what I do.
Okay, I am announcing it, and I am announcing that those guys are a bunch of fruit cakes,
just like you are saying.
Nice job, sir. Excellent.
No, it's crap.
By the way, I want the Columbus and Jesus Christ as brothers or anyone.
Okay.
Have a good one.
And watch out for him.
Don't drop the soap.
He went to Columbus Friday, survived.
Let's hear it for that guy.
One Cuban, okay.
Finally, we got one.
I even went out of my way yesterday to ask for all the rest of these people.
They won't call.
They won't call.
They won't have a conversation.
Maybe if we had a voice grandmother, by the way, call.
Are they a bunch of pussy?
Is that the problem?
I'm afraid somebody's going to recognize their voice.
I mean, I realized we got government by until the way of life by intimidation in Dade County.
But are you that intimidated?
You're afraid to speak out against this crap that never seems to stop?
That you suffer just like the guy before said about all these people hate Cubans.
Well, they think they hate Cuban.
What they really hate is this kind of behavior.
They can't stand it.
They can't stomach it.
We're tired of it.
We're puking from it.
We're nauseous from it already.
Come on off of the goddamn fascism.
1126 if Q.A.M.
We wanted 560 WN.
560, 7.0, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And by the way, the three little holy ores that have their circles here on their shoe every day.
George has already promised it to be.
We ever get a hold of you again.
He'll take care of each and every day.
Of course, I told him I'd probably beat him to it.
Not necessarily in the same way.
Well, listen, they need something to keep mockupive.
They need something, they've got time on their hands or something.
Here's Cutler Ridge, something that rhymes with time.
Cutler Ridge, yellow.
Cutler Ridge.
Long gone.
Okay, here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Yeah, Dave.
Is this Neil?
Hello?
Sir, are you in Hollywood?
Yes, I'm in Hollywood.
How come then when I said Hollywood, there's like this long?
What is it?
Am I like on a retarded old line?
Now or what?
What's the problem, sir?
Listen, Neil, you know what I'm going to Hollywood?
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, you always talk about the hell like we get things wrong.
Hello?
I'm listening to you, sir.
Well, how about this for the but the lots of numbers in the Spanish edition are different from the English edition.
What?
The lots of numbers.
Last week's lots of numbers.
The lots of numbers are different from Spanish.
Okay, listen, I'll call us another day.
I'd like to speak to somebody today, one, just one, who can speak English.
I can't understand a freaking word that any of these people are saying today.
Do we have anybody in this goddamn God forsaken part of the world that speaks English?
No.
Just like I bring up the thing yesterday about this horrendous thing we do in America with black people.
It's a crime.
It's one of the worst parts of the racist society that we live in is the social promotion for young black kids who speak bubonics, who can't speak proper English, to make sure that they can't compete with white folks in a goddamn marketplace.
To make sure that they can't get ahead, they can get ahead, but they can't get ahead.
We haven't got anybody in this goddamn town.
Okay, I'm not talking about you don't have to be born and raised here.
You don't have to be a God forbid, but at least be able to articulate so we can understand what the hell you're saying.
Spick it a language.
The Lotto.
These people also look like they got a corn cob in there.
Correct them.
Now, how is it with these goddamn people?
Are they crazy or what?
The Lotto numbers.
The Lotto numbers.
You wonder why people can't get along in this goddamn town.
How can they even understand each other?
It's kind of the way the language you just got to do with being articulate.
It's like that crap that passes for Spanish in Dave County.
Even in Mexico, they laugh at the people here with the crap that they speak.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Nio.
Yes, sir.
This is a Cuban I can't speak English.
I won't comment about the Lotto Van Van.
I'm Cuban and I'm just as bad as everybody else.
Well, we're all your other people out there.
Why are they so quiet?
Why is it that every time something like this happens, I have to get a goddamn mental hernia to get any of you people to call and say we don't believe in us.
We're embarrassed and humiliated and disgusted and tired of it.
Because the older Cubans are going to do whatever they want either way and just us Cubans we have no say.
So in other words, you're saying that everybody else just gives up?
I mean, they sure is no shortage.
They get on those Spanish language radio stations as you know 24 hours a day.
Papa, papa, papa.
They never stops.
It arrest you people who are the majority, obviously.
You just let them run your goddamn reputation in the ground.
You don't care.
All right, Nio.
I just want to say that.
Okay.
Thank you.
See there?
There are a bunch of pussy's as what it is.
They run.
He's running.
Thank you, sir.
I love you.
God bless you.
And I'll pray for you and all of that stuff.
But you're all a bunch of pussy's.
See, this is one of the greatest mysteries of all time.
I was thinking this the other day.
It's like with a Marlin thing.
Oh, well, Alex Hernandez pitches.
They got these other Hispanic players.
The Cubans are going to come out and it never happened.
Never happened.
It never will happen.
What is it?
I'm not talking about the old Cubans who are busy protesting in block industry and playing the domino part.
What is it that these other million Cubans are 800,000 a day county?
What is it that they do?
What is it that they support?
Where is it that they go?
What is it that they're all about?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Do they go to the support any of the sporting?
I mean, there's a few of them in the game.
We got maybe six of the Hispanics at the Panther game.
They're 14 of them at the Heat Game.
That's it.
Three at the Marlin game and two Anglos.
They like the dolphins.
Remember, Tula?
Oh, yeah, Tula, Tula.
He used to be really into the two Pacabra, Tula.
No, that's Tucho you're thinking of.
Not Tula.
You got a backwards.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
It's O.J. Girlfriend.
It's Butchered.
She's asking for it.
I can't stand him.
Yeah.
How about now?
You noticed the last blonde, the one that he was going with before, the one that Nicole looked like.
She had told him to get lost finally.
Her family had an nervous breakdown because of all the cocaine that was going on.
And because they were afraid for her life and they said get the hell away from that murdering piece of crap.
And she did.
What about this one?
I don't know.
This are brains.
Exactly.
Well, I think we know where her brains are.
Probably an aeropryptum.
Okay, thank you.
Pray for her sweet art.
Say Abroha.
Okay.
Bye bye.
Happy circus, bye bye.
Five six, she's very concerned about what's her name.
What is her name?
Her name is 26-year-old Christine Prody.
Let's all say a prayer for Christine, okay, because once OJ starts on at 9-1-1,
something comes from his house with these, and the couple was arguing in the background.
Like I said at the beginning of the show today, sounds awfully familiar, man.
It sounds like a familiar ring and smell to it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm in Miami.
I'm a Cuban.
Yes, sir.
These people are embarrassed, the hell out of me.
Uh-huh.
These should just make a giant raft, put it back in a wrap, and fit them all back.
I think that what you people ought to be doing, sir, and I really mean this, is call up those
Spanish language radio stations, too.
I don't know how long they'll leave you on the ear, and let them know that those, the handful
of these misfits aren't, they're not speaking for you guys.
I think that's a good idea, but you know, they're just a bunch of old farted, anyway, so.
And a couple of years, we won't have to deal with them, anyway.
Oh, we're praying.
Okay, I'm a good one.
Okay, that's the key or me to.
Okay, see, it's kind of like, you know, it's just, well, it's the matter of time, but
at the meantime, everybody hates each other because of it, and everybody's all bent out of
shape, and the town continues looking like a banana republic, which it is.
And people, and people I respect tremendously, we always agree, but people I respect
immensely, like a mad dog, you can get upset about it.
Only in the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
By the way, I noticed that line four doesn't exist.
Oh, no!
God, I love that.
Don't you just love that?
So did the people at Bell South fix line four?
No.
No.
I didn't, because I noticed it hasn't, uh, wrong rang ringed, ringed in thing one time all
day.
Oh, I love it.
It's like a slide whistle.
Yeah.
It is the Zom fear.
Or is it built in for everybody?
It's Zom fear.
It is skin flu.
Oh, I'm going to keep going back to that.
I'm starting to get goosebumps.
I'm getting chills from that, baby.
As once again, of course, they're in budget meetings today.
They just keep invading and if they're installing and installing and waiting and dicking around
and dicking around.
We've got a program directly.
If a pigeon takes a dump outside the window, he starts crying like a girl, you know.
Oh, Greg, it's a turd.
It's a turd.
This truly is an indescribable place, even with my verbal linguistic ability, even I can't begin to communicate to this audience.
What I mean, what I would have just crazy place this is.
This is a crazy place with crazy crazy people as in...
Oh, just a little one at that time.
I got to let me hear the whole new.
I sing a low tone.
I am a baritone.
With me some notes cannot be found.
But somehow I can't beat me.
They want me to do this.
I know what I can reach and this ain't gonna happen.
Oh, so...
It's so too high.
Too high for me.
This is my key.
Someone kicked me right back down in my taxi.
Too high for me.
What did you take me for?
Fourth week of the year at 560 WNQ, we got Hank Goldberg at Cool City at 2.
Boogshambi, Big Joggenic Monstrous Orange here at Boogshambi, 6 to 7.
And 7 o'clock to Panthers to play the Canadians in Montreal.
Here is some shocking news, by the way, as I was scouring through my newspapers this morning on page 6B of The Hero.
Here's a picture of Herman King, who looks very black to me.
And it's a CEO of Godfather's Pizza to the Speak.
Cut it like that.
A schwarzer is the CEO of Godfather's Pizza.
I always say a lot of good things about my black friends, and there's one of them.
Love you Herman.
Herman, King, President, and CEO of Godfather's Pizza will be the featured speaker at the Urban League of Browards, annual Equal Opportunity Day Awards dinner October 29th.
King, one of the nation's top motivational speakers, is immediate past President and CEO of the National Restaurant Association,
and President and CEO of the New Company, Digital Restaurant Solutions.
Now, I have a feeling, by the way, I couldn't be wrong, but since it says he's one of the nation's most important and most whatever motivational speakers,
I have a feeling he do not be speaking bubonics.
And I don't also understand what it is, because it's spreading.
Not only do we have young black people and older black people who grew up being illiterate, speaking that way,
but we also have some Hispanic people that I've encountered.
I don't want to mention Dr. Mark's receptionist from Thaiz Van Baich. She's long gone anyway.
I don't think he's got a staff anymore, does he?
No.
But at any rate, oh, I have to ask you a couple of questions.
Ask you.
And see, you're going to try and tell me, oh, no, that's Puerto Ricans.
Ricans, that's what you're going to say. That's Puerto Ricans.
You see, I knew you were going to say that. How do I know you were going to say that?
So they're half black anyway.
I'm like the Cubans who are 80% black?
Or the Cuban
or the Cuban?
I heard on some spot.
I can't believe I just said that, but I did.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I got to agree with you with a Cuban spending so much money in Cuba.
I went to the summer, my parents are Cuban, I was born right here.
And I see all these Cubans wearing Nike, Tommy Eagle figure sitting with computers in their house, satellite dishes.
They're spending a lot of money there.
But then again, I got to agree with some people, their family are really starving.
But other families are doing just well. They have computers, VCRs, branding, TV.
Right.
So I don't know, it goes both ways.
That's what I heard.
I heard most of them go both ways. That's what I heard.
Yeah, most of them.
But anyways, Neil, that guy I was speaking a little while ago, he really doesn't know how Cuba is.
You got to actually live there and actually see it because the tour is just perfect.
Yeah.
So I know a lot of people are suffering.
So I agree with some people who send money, but not all of them.
Not a lot of them are suffering.
Okay, I mean, all right. Have a good one, Neil.
Okay, watch out. Don't be wearing those Tommy Eagle figures in public.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What happened to the overhead there? What happened to the phone?
This phone is just all screwed up.
Not only we have lines that don't work properly, we got the connections all sound bad, they sound muddy.
In fact, maybe all these people out, I can't understand maybe they're speaking perfect English.
I think so.
Maybe they're really articulate and very, oh no.
I mean, how is it possible to advance?
Let me say it again, when you can't speak proper English, how is it possible to be graduated from one class to the next when you can't even come close to speaking proper English?
What kind of a system have we got that we encourage illiteracy and then we sit back and we privately chuckle and laugh?
Look at that illiterate sparser over whoever it might be, minority member.
So, like I said, there's a lot of white people feel very comfortable in doing that because then they don't have to worry about too much real competition.
So, instead of affirmative action, we should add affirmative education.
That's what we should have. Instead of taking people who weren't qualified for jobs and putting them in there strictly because we had a quota system
and because they were remembered of a certain minority, what we should have was had affirmative education saying that it was absolutely mandatory to have the best teachers and the best education in place.
And where they needed it the most as opposed to the George W. N. J. Bush mentality is that you've got a crappy school.
We're going to punish you and penalize you for it.
What about your crap that is?
Like they're fooling somebody.
Here's a mobile and color rage. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
You?
Yes, I am.
How are you?
Okay.
First of all, I love your problem.
I am a Q.
And I attended the concert on Saturday with my family.
Oh, right.
And I was hit by a bow in my face and a rock in my hand.
My wife was almost hit because she protect herself with hand-backed and she got splashed all Coca-Cola or whatever they do.
But if it wasn't because of the police, we would have been killed.
Saturday, yeah.
We went by the metro rail.
Right.
And when we went in, as we went in, and I came out for a break, I asked one of the women that wore up the gate with a little team marking how many people came in.
And I asked her, and she told me it's almost close to 3000.
Now you've been in the arena because of the hockey.
And let me tell you, Neil, the floor was packed.
You could move in the floor dancing.
You were sitting in the areas where you usually see for the hockey games.
And that place was loaded with people.
Now, in the stage, the band bands, they say they come in back in December.
Right.
Regardless of what they say.
Even the leaders says that are more people who like us that dislike us.
So we will be here in December.
Now we know this woman, Ohanian, because we've been in the starfish.
And we ask her, we're sure they are walking around.
And we ask her, I just said, yeah, I'm bringing them back in December.
Now, the people who start this problem throughout here is a guy by the name Garcia Pusté.
Who isn't the Lacku vanissim Martin.
Thomas.
Hello.
Hello, by the name of Tamara Gustin.
And that has all commissioner, the regular, the regular.
Now, all those people, because I speak Spanish naturally, who call that station are all for us.
Without teeth, you know, you don't find a young, cute, and American, a young, call the station.
And they are the ones inciting the people to come and attack.
And those people like us, we went to see a concert.
You like the back street boys, that you protest, you privilege.
I'm going to tell you how to go.
Now, no one went to protest the movie.
No one protested in the movie that they were showing in the nice center.
And no one protested when that woman, Gloria, she can't see any way.
She stinks.
Right.
Now, I am going to organize a protest at the arena for Christmas when she's going to sing over there
for a few years or whatever it is.
But I'm telling you, I will, I will win my family five of us.
And I have a list of 20 that is they come in December, we're going to go back over there.
Because no one is going to tell me when to go, where to go, and what to do.
All right.
Actually, my country.
Okay, keep it up, let me go.
Nice going.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, just wear some armor and go there and have a, yeah, maybe that's why they call it the armory.
We ought to change the name from the arena to the armory.
You got to wear your armor when you go there, but you have a great time once you get inside alive.
Yes, see, this is good that they're coming back.
See, some people think, oh, well, you know, they're going to do it.
So they're going to provoke this.
They're coming back so soon.
No, it's good that they're coming back so soon because there's a message here.
And the message is that people like this guy and his family and the thousands of other people are not going to be intimidated by the same handful of misfits.
I remember when they were blocking the streets off here months ago, but at the, you know, people washing up on shore crap.
And they were all bent out of shape with a coast guard.
And so they decided inconvenience thousands and thousands of people because they didn't get their way.
And they were out there doing that and it was the same thing.
It was a handful of people, a couple of thousand people in high alia and over there on the goddamn causeway.
And the over one and a 1.2 million you're talking about, where the hell were they?
They didn't agree with this crap.
And the stereotype that continues to be portrayed in this town is the stereotype of those people who make the noise and who are visible and on the goddamn media.
Doing their same old tired.
Wrapped trying to dictate who can come here?
Who can like he says you want to go to the arena see the back streets boys?
You want to go see Pagliacci?
You want to go see whatever anyone to see?
Go see it, okay?
You want to go see glory as Stefan?
We make puke or guts off.
But go better you than us.
Go see it.
That's the way it works, okay?
And the same thing like with an art exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum in New York with Rudy Giuliani has got them a fascist mentality.
If people don't want to see it if they're offended by it then let them not go see it.
The art critics buy it.
And by the way the whole thing about the elephant tongue is that one thing, one thing, that one little thing on that whole mural there.
I think what they're pissed off about is it's a black virgin Mary.
I think that's what they're bent out of shape about.
That's what got them psychotic.
It's a schvarta virgin Mary.
That's what's got them crazy.
All those cat licks.
And Cardinal O'Connor of course, he's really whipped out of it.
Just psychotic about it.
Of course he ain't been in a good mood anyway since they blocked off the back entrance where they used to bring in all the altar boys.
For Cardinal Spellman.
Used to have a special entrance in the rear so to speak.
Right go.
They used to bring the altar boys right through that special entrance so they could serve as Cardinal Spellman.
A bunch of hypocritical faggots is what we're talking about.
People fagged in the church.
And they got this big outcry then.
That's the thing that's so great about the Catholic Church.
You talk about the hypocrites.
What a bunch of frickin hypocrites.
Cardinal these Cardinals and they got them Pope all these professional faggots.
And they're talking about oh this is immoral and that's immoral and this is obscene.
Yeah right.
Of course how many years ago it wasn't when they discovered that the Catholic Church had the largest collection of faggots.
And the pornography of any place in the world.
And Al Goldstein was pretty jealous.
That's just for research.
Yeah of course.
Yeah like people in law enforcement they got to check it out.
The judge got to take it all home and look at it.
Show his friend.
HIPPERCUTES, FONES, MAKE BELIEVE.
FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY
FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR PEEZY, FOUR, FOUR PEEZY
I just think about a token of that book, Chris.
It's probably three at five, fifty, nobody's QMOL, Lucrissy was one of my favorites.
Couldn't sing for crap, but I just liked that, maybe with that sound.
Maybe that was it.
Didn't look good.
Anyway, we got our pizza loft appearance moved back a week.
I want to keep mentioning that over and over again.
Maybe we'll even get that information to our program director.
If he ever comes back to those important budget meetings.
Tuesday, October 26th, that's the new day.
Be sure and spread the word spread the something from 6 to 8 p.m.
We had to move it back a week because we want to make sure that all our good stuff is in.
We don't want to have any more emergencies.
We don't want to have any more disappointed people.
Tuesday, October 26th, 6 to 8 p.m.
with the world famous pizza loft in Davy.
Please spread the word around, put it on billboards, write it on TV walls, etc.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I got a couple comments first.
I got into a heated debate yesterday with some classmates regarding what Ventura said.
And the governor from New Mexico, how he wanted to legalize drugs.
Yes, sir.
I think it was a great idea.
I think it was a great idea with both of them.
That Ventura said the religion is for the week.
And these guys got so great.
Some of them were Mormons from Utah.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
But they got so big.
They got so big ruffled their magic underwear.
Yeah, they got so big at a shape, Neil.
And you know what?
I told them.
I go, you guys have a jury fall when all these people from the right.
And we put up with what he has to say.
We don't like it, but we don't go crazy.
And these guys were going nuts with Ventura said.
Going nuts about what?
Do you mean about the religion?
Yeah, they said it was disgusting.
We could say that.
He has no right to say that.
Wait, wait, wait, wait a minute.
He has no right to say it.
You see, once again, we got the problem.
It's just like the old Cubans here.
It's the same thing.
As long as I agree with you, I got to write to say something.
But as soon as I disagree with your opinion on whatever it is, then I have no right to say
that.
Well, that's what I told them.
And I go, Jerry Fowler, I listen to what he says because he's allowed to speak.
We live in a so-called democracy.
But I listen to what he says.
I don't agree with it.
Another thing is I wanted to comment on Jimmy Johnson.
Yes.
After that, after what he did in Marino.
He's an asshole.
After what he did in Marino in public last week, he should be licking Daniel's balls after
the game he played.
That's what I said yesterday.
He should have been down on his balls.
And his ass.
Right.
And then Ed Pope, by the way, who's never gotten the story right in his life.
Ed Pope puts his column in here this morning.
Oh, yeah, it was the psychology work perfectly and really got down to play a great game.
The psychology, let me say it again.
They hate each other like poison.
Marino doesn't need to be wound up.
He's been in the league for 17 years.
That's right.
He doesn't need a motivational course from Jimmy.
I got a bad haircut, Johnson.
All right.
Later, Neil.
See you.
Or is it Jimmy?
We got a shot, Johnson.
I forget.
Yeah.
Some of the people in this town got his head so far up Jimmy's ass.
So you don't ever get it out.
I don't think.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Jesse Ventura was right on target.
And even in speaking to the governor in New Mexico, even in the article with the part
that I read yesterday, he talks about him and his life being in Amsterdam and about
the way that they deal with a drug problem.
And you know what?
Basically, there isn't really a drug problem.
And the heroin addicts and the people that need the clean needle, they have a place
way outside of town.
They have buses where they take those people.
And instead of treating it as a crime problem, let me say it again.
Civilized countries deal with a drug situation as a health problem, not a crime problem.
But it's a big, big industry in this country.
The so-called war on drugs.
The biggest farce that was ever put over on a bunch of really, really dumb people.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
Let me ask you about that.
0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, I see, I don't understand, ASK, ask.
Can you make that sound?
Anybody that says to you?
Let me ask you a question.
Just say, can you make this sound?
Ask, ask, ASK.
There's no X and X.
I mean, I just use that as one example because people can't speak proper English.
There's Zidians awards that they butcher, which make them inarticulate and embarrassing
and illiterate.
And not qualified really to do much in life, which is very sad.
It's not a bigot of thing to say.
I had one guy that the dark-complexed guy called me from the beach yesterday, told me
about my hood and the clan and all.
Hey, listen, this is just what the establishment wants.
If you're satisfied with being illiterate, well, I'm happy for you.
Let me hold a pencil.
Yeah, let me hold that.
Let me hold that pencil.
What?
Say what?
I ain't got none.
Yeah, stop.
Stop.
And then people like Tommy here, who should be no better, who's as white as the fallen snow,
who's a good guy, but nevertheless, he's a white guy trying to be black.
What up?
What up?
Stop.
Stop.
I thought that's the immediately ahead after lunch.
Here's Homestead.
Hello?
Anyhow, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I agree with the guy that called about 30 minutes ago.
Gloria's definitely stopped.
Yeah.
Definitely.
Well, that's not even debatable.
We all know that.
I know.
You're not going to get into that.
But I'm a young Hispanic male.
I listen to you all the time.
I don't listen to the Spanish program because, I mean, you will get banned out of shape listening
as well before.
And I'll write your mind listening to those crazy old folks.
If you just want to go out and shoot them, you know, but I don't want to do that.
So I listen to you.
You make a lot of sense.
And I know a lot of young people, young Cuban.
And they know that once this whole four generations goes out, everything is going to be
different, you know.
It's going to change.
You'll say, don't agree with this old fart mentality.
Hopefully, in 30 years, those guys, you say, is there any old thoughts?
Oh, we can't be that long.
Let me just hold.
Just hold.
Let's just hold that.
The age, most thoughts, and the dying friends are five.
And in close to Neil, you and George Culling are gone.
Okay.
God bless you.
And if it's all five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So let me ask you this.
Oh, no, let me ask you about the ASK.
It's our word for the day.
ASK, ask, ask, ask.
Can I ask you not to ever say, ask again?
Don't say, ask unless you're talking, you'll be talking about OJ, okay?
And we do not be talking.
We need talking.
No, we are.
I'm not serious.
We have to conduct a class right here on the air.
Let's get all the illiterate people in this town together.
White, black, Puerto Rican.
I'm sorry.
And during the break, George is making all these anti-Portarican comments.
I'm embarrassed for you.
I love the Puerto Rican.
No, you do not.
I'm the color day on.
Yeah, right.
Next thing you'll be just like to do is you'll be calling them sand niggers, something like that.
Oh, they're all night higgers.
They're what?
I'm just because I just, as an example, I mentioned, you know, Ricky Martin.
He said, oh, he's a brown.
He hound.
So what he said, no, that's what I said.
That's the last part.
Beware of exploding balls.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
My dad knocked me out.
He makes you and he has me up the hook.
When I was your baby man.
We are.
I was killed by my daddy.
I was hurt.
My dad knocked me over.
I was hit with a tree.
It's not a media.
I'm a scary guy.
I'm a person who knows.
We beat the N.C.P. with the laughter, ho.
And that's what headed you down.
He's up the end.
Oh, so the color model.
So they're gonna let him go.
My dad knocked me over.
He made me very stupid.
Get it up for him.
He's a brown.
He's a brown.
He's a brown.
He's a brown.
You'll never hear him.
That made it.
My dad knocked me out.
Oh man, any second.
I know she is.
And they're starting to hype your friend a lace
because the grand dream may come up with a report.
You know, Gamroyl, that's gonna be.
Mommy.
Oh, I think it could be Mommy Dearest.
And of course, she'll be involved too,
because he's involved in the cover-up.
But we're waiting.
We're holding our collective breast.
It's only been a couple of years.
What's the big hurry, right?
So they have a piece on CNN right now talking about
crazy religious people.
They just finished with a lengthy piece about the Alabama
and the battle for a state lottery in Alabama.
This will make you feel better about Florida,
even though it's a bad deal and it's a big rip-off.
But nevertheless, maybe about five bucks a year
goes to education.
Three bucks.
So Alabama, they got it on a ballot there.
The governor got it on a ballot.
Yes, you know what?
An Alabama state lottery in a religion
is to have an nervous breakdown.
They're speaking in tongues.
They're tongue in each other.
The movie wouldn't look like that.
Oh, and the Bible says getting something for nothing
is against the work ethic.
And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, me, me.
Unless, of course, it's Church Mingo.
Oh my God.
You know, it's a hopeless cause.
This really, the Genshin Ventura is so right on target.
You know, I mean, these people are entitled
to their stupidity and their ignorance,
but don't try to force it on everybody else.
That's the bottom line.
Freedom of religion, but most importantly,
freedom from religion.
That's the most important God damn thing.
And we just don't get enough of that.
We're not getting enough.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Daniel, how are you doing?
Great.
Hey, I took them in a little bit late,
but I don't know if anyone mentioned this
about that article in the Harold about O.J.
Oh, yeah. I only did an hour on it, yeah.
I know. So what I mean is a part where
it said that officers went out there
that they found those kind of a crime
so they gave the misty violence in the face.
Yes, sir.
They left him with a pamphlet on domestic violence, yes.
How long do you think it took something to hit the trash?
It probably won't even out of the driveway.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Oh, that's all I got.
Just thought I'd check on that.
In birsen, did you get the Harold, the one, the data edition?
Oh, you get the Broward edition.
Yeah.
You're going to, the data edition has got
and not on the front page of the front section,
like we didn't Broward, but in the Miami section,
a full color picture again.
The entire picture with San Duque,
and Roy Foster, and the coax-stording Pedro Guerrero,
and the O.J. and his bitch.
And that's the girl next to him, huh?
That's correct.
Well, you never know what you're looking at.
Okay.
All right, thanks.
See ya.
That's Christy Prody right there, okay?
And of course, he says,
well, it had nothing to do with me or my girlfriend.
It was just somebody else.
Why?
Well, what'd you be speaking, O.J.?
What line would you be speaking, man?
He's on tape there.
You got it on tape, sweetheart.
It's right on the 911 tape.
Did you forget that already?
I know it affects your memory, you know?
That stuff.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
But now, a little of a sudden,
had nothing to do with him,
and it was somebody else that were trying to help him.
Maybe...
Roy!
That's all about it.
Here's Sonny Isles.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me ask you a question.
I can't even say that.
Acts.
Come on, Acts.
I can't even do it.
You think of O.J. and say Acts.
Acts.
Hey, speaking of O.J.
Hey, he's trying to turn his life around.
I saw him on Howard Stern the other night trying to make
a citizen's arrest.
You know, he's just trying to be responsible now.
Uh-huh.
Hey, one more thing.
On the golf course, I'm sure.
Exactly where it was.
A man's golf course.
A man's golf course.
Yes, sir.
Acts.
You want more things.
Um, when you pay taxes, if you have kids,
do you have to pay a...
do you get a tax break or do you have to pay more taxes?
You get a tax break, of course.
Well, they should...
They're dependents.
That's ridiculous.
They should have to pay more, don't you think?
Absolutely.
In fact, that's an excellent point.
Just like the Chinese do.
I think you should have to pay like $100,000 for each kid
after, like, the first two.
Because I ain't got any kids.
Okay.
All right, Blake.
I'm your time.
I'll be seeing you later.
No, no, sir.
That's a good way to stop this overpopulation,
at least a good way to start.
Six billion goddamn people.
I read that article the other day.
Yesterday.
Did you get any response on it?
Oh.
No, six billion goddamn people.
And, of course, like I've told you a million times before,
the people are making the most babies,
are the ones who can afford to do it the least.
Oh, and how about that 18-year-old girl, by the way,
who allegedly drowned her a little girl in the bathtub?
Did you see when they had her before the judge?
And she was smiling and laughing.
A kind of tittering, if I can say that.
We need a Joe Pesci to be there saying,
there's something I'm used to use here?
Yeah.
Bitch.
There's a dead baby involved here, okay?
The drowned dead, dead, dead, and crap.
Something I'm using about that.
And she's like, eh.
Forced sterilization.
Just keep thinking it.
Just keep saying it.
Write it on restroom walls.
Everywhere you go, every T-Ruman America.
Write those two words.
Instead of drawing pictures of genitals,
just write forced sterilization.
F-S.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I didn't live here back then, but I'm just curious
how the Cuban community reacted when the movie Scarface came out.
Because that's pretty derogatory.
Don't you think?
To the Cuban folks?
Scarface is derogatory.
I didn't see the movie.
I remember seeing scenes from it, but I never got through the whole thing.
The negative stereotypes have the way that Godfives is.
Yeah, so what's wrong with that?
It was funny, was it?
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
It was about the whole day.
I was really happy to see how bad could it have been in Al Pacino.
But there was no, none of the hard line Cubans jumped up and down or anything?
I don't know.
It was in English. They probably didn't go.
Oh, that's right. They couldn't understand it.
Oh, see.
How do you know?
See, uh.
5607-0560, 0560 on the AT&T website.
Yeah, by buddy Rocky, uh, well, I don't even know his name.
Bauer, what's his name?
Stephen Bauer, Rocky H.
I know Rocky H.
So I just got to sing it, who would be listening to me instead of coming up with all this filthy stuff.
40,000, that's some kind of unleasers.
Here's a homestead.
Hello, that's what Rocky said.
Homestead.
I think he like retarded and homestead is at the problem.
I guess they're retarded.
5607-0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-lotter nail.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I have three issues to talk about.
The first one is I really, uh, support you 100% was what you read yesterday about, uh, Jesse Ventura.
100%.
How come I haven't had 10,000 calls about that?
I think we're going to have to bring them back to the agency.
Where are these guys, Dan Deadhead?
What, what, what, what, he said yesterday that what, what, what, you just read over, over the air yesterday?
Is it what genuine, and that's what all about the Democratic society?
This is a Democratic country.
You can say whatever you want and everything else.
The second issue, which I really want to talk about is just a Cuban issue.
The Cuban issue, I would love from the Cuban just to go down to Heaven and resist what they don't want from Catholics and the government.
Right, right, right, through their resist and solve Miami.
What the hell they're going to do in South Miami?
Why don't you just go in there and solve?
They've been pampered by the politicians here so they know they can basically get away with anything they want to do here and their,
that's the incident.
Abraint behavior will be tolerated and even encouraged here in the media and so as a result they continue doing it over and over again
because they're pampered like a bunch of spoiled little brats.
Exactly, that's the second thing and I wish, I wish they can, instead of running away with growth, I think you should stay there and resist.
And they get what, what they want it to do.
The third issue is, Dan Marino issue, which I would, I would love to see Dan Marino treated with a lot of money.
It's much better from Jimmy Johnson and I think he's doing the best he can do and also he's not, it's not Dan Marino's fault.
It's the whole offensive team.
They never have a game plan.
They always come and tackle.
They don't have no running game.
I mean, Cecil Collins had one long run for a touchdown other than that they have absolutely no running game.
And I wonder if anybody saw their jets pathetic performance again, Jacksonville with their big six points last night.
If anybody would have liked to have had Rick Meier's quarterback instead of Dan Marino last couple of weeks.
Exactly and they don't have any counter plan.
Whenever they come and tackle, the bottom has a big reputation right now.
That's a strong team and every time they play with it, with it, with it, with it, with it.
Every time they play, that you can't send the player they just want to hear the mark because they know that my am is strong.
Well, I tell you what, how come that offensive, they don't have any counter plan.
Whenever they, he'd affect the best two games more than the whole year last year.
Right.
And they don't come up with counter plan.
And by the way, nobody mentions the fact that on the third down play before he threw that great pass to Gadsett on fourth and ten on the third down play.
He got his clock clean.
They nailed him.
It looked like he wasn't even going to get up.
There was a long delay.
He comes back up.
They run a fourth down play.
He throws the long bomb and then he throws the touchdown pass.
Nobody even mentions that they hung right in there and made the great play.
And God bless you, Cecil and I'll pray for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, let's give Jimmy Rick Meyer for a couple of games and see how he likes that.
Beyond his hands and knees, crying for Danny back.
Oh gee, please come back.
All is forgiven.
Even though we hate each other like poison.
Why is it the sports nerds can't tell you the truth?
Why is it they have to sugarcoat everything?
I guess they must figure that the sports nerd listers almost be a bunch of emotional cripples.
And maybe have a good point.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil, how are you?
Yes, sir.
Let me ask you something.
Is George your Bougat Rome?
Is that your best material, sir?
Yes, your Bougat Rome.
You say that your great aim material?
George is a clear, just like you are.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
No, he's not.
You are, though, because it sounds to me like you're one of those.
Bougat Rome.
I could hear the way your tongue was rolling.
A lot of experience.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, see?
Then there you go.
Like I said, see, this guy tried a very little bit, but we didn't get mad at Colin.
We got Bougat Rome, which I do like to word a lot better though.
Thank you.
Let's go to Coquettacri, Kelo.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, long time, Mr. Fellow, I have to say I do it.
All right.
Forget all the protests about the Cubans and everybody else.
I got some of the protests.
My grandfather, 85-year-old man, just renewed his driver's license to buy mail for seven years.
Oh!
Seven years now.
Seven years.
Oh.
85 years old.
Not too bad.
Uh-huh.
Not too bad.
That's it.
I'm material.
Thank you.
Sure that all been okay.
Haha.
I'm choked up about that.
Only in Florida, baby.
Only in the gray, a panther's day where all the people over the age of 100 run the whole
goddamn show.
If you're a hundred years old, we'll send you a renewal in the mail for a twenty-thirty
years.
You're deaf.
You're blind.
You can't, you know, can't move.
But why confuse the issue?
Don't ask too many questions.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line, handkerchief
beyond from cool city to a clock, the books to read six.
And we got the panthers at Montreal tonight.
Yeah, Matt Sandin, fracture an ankle off for six weeks.
Least look really, really bad last night at home against Nashville.
That's okay.
Isn't it?
No, we'll come back.
Won't we?
No.
I'm going to the toilet here.
It's so hard to be myself because the group that I've been, so like everyone else,
on the charts, and the audience.
And we sing just like girls, and we're really tight-knit things.
We're back, Jay Boyne.
So I'll remain conditioned, or even because I'm confused.
I'm not going to be, and I'm not going to be.
I'm not going to be, and I'm not going to be.
I'm not going to be, and I'm not going to be.
Shall we make it tight, and sound just like a...
I'm confused.
I'm confused.
All the bands, just once, these things, plain.
Just like you.
I'm confused.
I don't know what to think, but I know this song's name.
No matter how we're all, we're your best, it's true.
Over asking to yourself a name.
Just we're confused.
Hey.
I'm confused.
I'm confused.
From 33 at 560 W.
Thank you.
Thanks to Steve by the Sawgrass, by the way, for fact,
he made a very interesting article here by Roger Ebert,
artistic phrase, Wurls in Brooklyn.
He says, two images of the Virgin Mary came my way last week.
Both of them caused me to think about their messages,
which is the purpose of holy images.
One was a metal attached to a holy card from the shrine in Bosnia,
where more than 30 million faithful of journey to worship since it is said,
the Virgin appeared there in 1981 to three children,
maybe on A. Tutsino's pizza.
The other is a reproduction of the portrait by the African artist,
Chris O'Fili, the holy Virgin Mary, which has made New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani so unhappy.
The holy card shows the young woman of movie star beauty,
dressed in flowing robes of blue and white.
Herala bastard skin set off by subtle but perfect makeup.
The painting is now hanging in the Brooklyn Museum of Art,
showing an African woman in tribal gown.
Giuliani was offended by two aspects of the painting,
and it incorporates small areas of elephant dung and pornographic images of bear buttocks around her.
Since the only information about the painting that has been communicated by the mainstream news media,
I was startled to read an article in Salon Magazine informing that at number one,
Chris O'Fili, the artist, is a practicing Catholic,
and number two, the leadings of elephants are revered in some old tribal customs,
as a gift from the most respected jungle beast,
to incorporate them into a painting ed's worth of the paintings,
in the same way that one might use gold guilt in mixing a paint.
O'Fili was following a tradition that is centuries old.
Three, the bear buttocks are intended to remind us of the clouds of plump little bear bottom cherubs that float in the air around countless Renaissance paintings of the Virgin.
When I mentioned the Brooklyn painting in an article last week,
a correspondence arachastically said he was waiting for the artist to produce a painting of Martin Luther King Jr. in elephant dung.
But I've got them there, according to the same useful article in Salon by Daniel Kunits,
another painting by Chris O'Fili, titled Afro-Ditia,
contains a number of elephant dung plumps on which the names of black heroes, like mild devils,
caches play, and shaft are inscribed.
It's unlikely Kunits conclude that this painting is intended as an attack on African-American heroes.
How do you like that, huh?
So let them have elephant dung.
It's a sign of respect.
That's right.
But don't confuse Rudy Giuliani.
He's posturing, like all right-wing phonies, like all little dictators, he's posturing.
Here's a Pigg report in Cooper City.
Yeah, Neil, there are a few different road right about 55th Street, two of them on a motorcycle,
one of them in a car in the southbound lane, right in 20th business, too.
All right.
Oh, Jay, I'm the guy behind the grassy knoll on the 18th hole.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Oh!
Woo!
The grassy knoll at the 18th hole.
Better be looking out, O.J.
I don't think you're going to find too many friendly folks down here, O.J.
The candle might not be your neck of the wood if you catch my drift, okay?
It might not be a place where you're going to find too many people welcoming you.
What is that place there in Kendall?
In West Kendall, it's, where is it?
The hammocks.
Oh, the hammocks, I know exactly where that is.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How they're going?
Okay.
Second time caller.
Basically, I'm called from Cuban descent, and I think that I agree with you.
There's basically no pulse in the argument that goes on on a daily basis in the Spanish radio stations.
It's pretty lifeless.
And I think you could tell from, you know, their callers are old, you know.
Old people that eventually are going to, you know, surpass and pass away.
And basically, you've got a young group of Cubans coming in.
Who sits next?
You on a daily basis.
I believe he's out of Cuban, isn't he?
Who sits next to me?
Yeah.
Who answers your phone or a guy?
I don't know.
I don't sit in your office.
Across, way across.
I mean, yeah.
Way across.
I mean, he fills in at times, right?
Right.
So I think, you know, for the young Cuban in a community, she has shows a former progression for a young...
So are you saying that George is representative of the young Cuban community?
Not a representative, but he is a representative of the...
Not how you...
Well, I don't know what you are.
I mean, half a span of crap, whatever.
I mean, you know, I think that you've got a lot of youngest panics that are trying to progress in this town.
Right.
We're not sitting in front of the Miami Arena throwing cans and crap at people and looking like a bunch of idiots.
Right.
I mean, and day after tomorrow, I mean, you guys are going to have to deal with it.
It was part of history in Miami.
You got a bunch of Cubans that came in here during the 90s and created havoc.
And just deal with it for the time being.
I mean, it's going to be history, so pretty much is what I have to say.
Okay, thanks.
All right, thank you.
I'll be very good at you.
566-705-60, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I have to beg.
I have to plead.
I have to squeeze.
But every now and then, when something like this happens, I get a few guys like him.
We've had about four or five today, and they'll say this ain't us.
We don't want nothing to do with them.
But boy, it's like squeezing blood out of a turnip baby.
It's tough.
It's hard.
It is so hard.
I think there's a message in this while you're a little kicked out there.
Don't ever stick an M&M in your rectum.
It's 1245.
At 5.50 WDQIM.
Well, that was a long one.
That was a freak.
That was a thunder blast.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How's it going?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to touch in some points.
Number one, everything.
Well, for instance, the Governor of Minnesota is right on with the religion thing.
The religion is for the weak-minded.
It only creates hatred.
Also, I wanted to touch on the black people thing.
The black people thing, yes?
The one where they're not.
People think that they're supposed to be the lowest in a total poll.
They let themselves be the lowest in a total poll.
It's the fact that Republicans and Democrats both want them to be down there and the religion to hold strong.
It's not political.
It's just a white establishment.
White people run this country.
That's part of the race's structure of the society.
Black people are destined to be on the bottom of society.
There are a few who are able to, you know, maybe they were born into a little bit of money.
Or they were able to squeak their way through a little bit of education or get lucky break.
But generally speaking, that's the way it lays out.
Of course, if you can keep people in articulate any literate, then they're likely to stay on the bottom.
I just think that the government, you know, they let them, they encourage it.
They give them more money.
They encourage them to have children and to have like 20 children that they're going to support them.
You know, it's a vicious cycle that, you know, that government has always, you know, paid a part of this cycle to encourage this cycle.
And the right wingers with the same thing with the religion thing.
You know, the Republicans have, have a lot of fall of all this, you know, all this deep monger stuff.
Well, that's the reason that that's the problem.
The Republican Party is so out of touch with the mainstream of the population.
Like Jesse Ventura said, the social issues, the public for the most part, doesn't want to repress people on social issues.
They want to basically let people do their own thing.
They're interested in the economy. They're interested in law enforcement.
They're interested in important things that have to do with the quality of life.
They're interested in sticking in those and everybody else's business.
I think both political parties pay, you know, pay a function in the whole issue of, you know, one...
You said they're both full of crap.
560, 7.0, 560, 0.560 on the 18th, 2WR, that's what Jesse Ventura said.
They're both full of crap. So let's have somebody else.
And we're not talking about Donald Trump either.
That said, say, that bothers me.
But, you know, I think he's just playing his game.
I think he's just doing all about his window dressing.
And like he said, then when it comes to the last few months before, instead of getting involved now,
then maybe he'll surprise the hell out of him.
In which case, I'll go vote 400 times, easy.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Any of pleasure to talk to you, man.
I look at you every morning.
All right.
Point on the Cuban thing.
My mother is very into the political scene and she's very disgusted by what they did.
I am very disgusted.
I'm a Cuban. I was born here in America.
Right.
I think they should have taken that aggression and used it 40 years ago when it would have meant something now.
It's too much too late.
They're just blowing hot air.
I mean, throw on rocks and bottles that people are trying to go to a music concert.
It's ridiculous.
What kind of balls does that take?
It's ridiculous.
It really is.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
I'll stick here.
Let me just say it.
There you go.
See, we're getting some living and breathing young Cubans.
We know you're all listening out there.
Every goddamn one of you.
We know you're out there.
This guy was great.
And his mother is great.
Your mama too.
That's right.
No, seriously.
I mean, most of these people, and like I said, it's so sad.
Stereotypes in every group.
You name any stereotype to me, whether it's Jews, we're supposed to all have big noses and rich.
What?
That's you?
Oh, I have a big nose and I'm rich.
Well, I'm bigger than it used to be.
How about my nose?
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
And, you know, and blacks.
All you literally need a lot of water, metal, and then chicken.
Moving right along.
No, seriously.
Every goddamn individual in this country, who's a member of any minority group, suffers from ugly goddamn stare.
And we had that call from that, the laundry head before the Saudi Arabia.
Whatever the hell I was talking about, about how he hates all Cubans.
And then he finally, well, he doesn't hate, he doesn't hate the Cubans themselves.
He hates what these people are doing.
This small handful of malcontents, professional crappest servers.
That's what they are.
Professional goddamn crappest servers.
And the media in this town and the politicians don't have the ball stuff to say that.
That's the problem.
Because they're pandering to something that doesn't exist.
Those old goddamn Cubans, they don't buy the Miami Herald.
They wouldn't wipe their goddamn-
Back to the Herald.
But they keep pandering and pandering and encouraging it and loving it and suck it up to it.
And oh, yes, we understand that the exile community, exile my ass.
How can you be an exile community 40 years later?
That's the most ridiculous thing I ever heard of in my life.
If I call in the Palestinians the exile community, even in spite of your anti-Semitic rhetoric.
Even their land back, will you?
No.
Finder's keeper is okay.
Losers, sluppers.
That's what all this big nose do say.
That's right.
Here's Halondale. Hello.
Hey, hello there. Good morning.
Yes, sir. Good evening.
Good evening, Hansonun.
You know something.
I was working in New Arena.
I was going to test your theory and see if there was shipping them in embosses.
And guess what?
Sure enough, there were all being shipped in buses.
You're shipping who in?
The older people, the older Cubans.
Are you being the people of protesters?
Yeah, yeah. Right.
They were coming in in buses.
Nobody came from their own free will.
They had to come in in buses and they were like very apparently organized, but it wasn't organized.
Uh-huh.
So, and another thing.
Of course, you know how I want to drive in that neighborhood, you know.
Another thing.
Are you going to actually finish the interview from Jeff Yventure and...
Yeah, George brings the magazine back.
I loaned it to my playboy.
Oh, it isn't here. I got it.
No, I'll do it tomorrow.
I'll do it tomorrow.
Which I was a sticky page.
Okay.
See you later.
5607-0560, £560 on the 18T wireless line.
Yeah, he wasn't reading the article either.
Believe me when I said he wasn't here yet.
I mean, the phone's around yesterday.
It's stretching in here. It's 100 degrees.
And he's sitting there pouring over the pictures in playboy.
I thought they had a better idea.
Of course, if we ever got any good mail pornography in here, I might do the same, but we...
All the stuff we get is crap.
We wouldn't touch it with your hand.
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right. Uh, you forgot to the chief.
You got any, right?
Listen, seriously.
The problem with people like Jeff Yventure and that problem that he's...
I like him. I agree with him.
And the problem with people like you and me and George.
The thing is that since we really don't care about other people's business, we're not out there making noise.
So you have a small percentage of people making the noise, you know, the whole majority thing.
But I really believe most people today and age agree with Jeff Yventure.
Right.
And don't agree. Like, I'm also Cuban-Americans.
Right.
I'm given the set.
And I don't agree with the real right-wing Cuban ex-out groups what they do here.
You know, yeah, okay, I'm not going to go over there and patronize the Castro and give money, but I'm not going to start doing crazy acts of...
because there's some musicians that want to come and play.
Musicians don't give a crap about politics.
All right. Who cares?
And the thing is nobody has balls.
Do you know what Cocoa Plum is in Coral Gables in Miami?
Cocoa Plum is in Miami.
One of the richest neighborhoods is one of the richest little communities.
All the houses there are a million dollars up.
I look very close to there.
Not close enough, but very close.
Right.
And the leads, like the main guy of the association, OJ was looking for houses there and they just flat out told them,
no, they said, we don't want you here.
And they showed balls and I live in the grove.
And if he starts looking around the grove at one more time, I'm going to start going to all the real estate places in the grove and say,
hey, if you guys sell a house or show a house to OJ, we are not going to patronize your real estate establishment because he's a murderer.
Good.
Forget that he's black or whatever or anything. He's just a murderer.
Good. We don't want him here. Amen.
I love you.
Okay. See him.
Yeah. That's a good point.
We just, you know, just say no to OJ.
Seriously, we don't want you here.
We want you out of here.
You know, maybe you and Roy can you loathe for something and you know, pack your sandwich and get out of here.
We don't want you here.
That's the overwhelming majority.
And it's not just neo-roggers or a couple of people on the radio just like this guy and every place this every place is murdering bastard has looked to try to buy a house and by the way,
how is he buying a house?
If supposedly he, you know, has to pay the civil judgment, all this money to the browns and the goldmins, how is this man looking where millionaires are living to buy a house with what money with what income?
Would that measly pensiony claims he gets from the NFL?
Well, what kind of money have you got to be able to buy a $8,900,000 house?
But regardless of how much you got, we still don't want you here.
And Jesus Christ, this thing today in the paper, this is like a nightmare that you never wake up from.
Thank you, Sam and Roy.
Thank you so much.
As the embarrassment just continues, and of course you know damn well now that this picture in full color was in the hair of this morning in the day,
they audition anyway.
It'll be circulated all over the world again.
It just keeps going on and on and on.
And of course, if we had a radio station here with management that was just a little bit more involved in knowing what was going on instead of having all these misfits with their own little empires, this never would have happened in the first place.
If we had a place that was structured like a real business here instead of somebody's personal play toy, that's the biggest problem here.
How many? And you know something?
I'm so glad that I've been talking about that for two years over and over again.
Greg and his played his buddies in the sandbox.
And boy, did we pay a wicked price for it and we're still paying for it.
We still look like a bunch of fools.
And here it is. It's the 12th of October and we're still trying to put back together the pieces of our center one campaign.
Because we had a promotion department that was more interested in smoothing and hanging around with and using as a weapon against us,
OJ Simpson because he's a celebrity as opposed to doing a job that we need to get to them stuff done.
We're going to blow almost a whole month of October.
Thanks to this place. Thanks to the same radio station that two years ago didn't do our center one CDs because I was not an area and because of the fact they didn't want to put up the front line.
I can't imagine anybody anywhere in America working for a more embarrassing company than this one.
Can't imagine it. They have no shame.
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon!
It's a person. It's a person.
Down the post depends on you.
And the powers you pose as.
Things you save this life.
You deflate, you deflate.
Things you save this life.
Things you save this life.
Things you save this life.
Things you save this life.
Things you save this life.
Things you save this life.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you clap your dune.
With the big C on your chest.
And all through to my chest.
Just ending all the tomorrow.
First of all.
Who's with the beat of the sound.
And the bad guy straight through hell.
Winnipelling Dr. U.
With the beat of the sound.
You're stretching through.
Somebody's going to blow.
Isn't that what they say in the journals of Africa? Is it done yet?
Is it.
And we have the cool city at 2 o'clock today.
Here's a call from Naples.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I think I figured out what Jimmy Johnson's problem is.
It doesn't matter if Dan Morino gets the Super Bowl ring this year or not.
When he retires, he's going to fire Jimmy Johnson.
Take his job and end up with a Super Bowl ring anyway.
is going to fire them.
Well, they're going to fire him and the hammer is going to take his place.
Yeah.
And he's going to get a soup bowl anyway.
If he's on the field or not, he's still going to get it.
I think Jimmy needs to ring in his nose maybe, is what he needs to do.
I think more in his rectum than his nose.
Okay, thanks a lot, Kyle.
What do you say, Jimmy?
He's an asshole.
Oh, thank you.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T wireless line.
Very, very sad that some people in positions of authority can't take responsibility for their
own actions, for their own failures.
Right, Jimmy?
Uh-huh.
I knew you'd agree.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to ask you a question, because of my norms.
I don't know.
Is there some legal aspect in respect to very responsible old people and manifestation in
front of manifesting?
In other words, preparing, protesting, destroying bottles at the people that are going to
Yes, it is against the law to throw bottles at anybody, so it is against the law.
So why is it made?
We move those cartridges from there and let the people who weren't to see these musicians
whoever they are and whatever they're coming from.
So who cares?
Well, they removed some of them.
I think four people went to jail and I don't know.
That's a good question.
I have no idea why they didn't remove more people.
Maybe they didn't want to start a bigger scene than they're already.
I have no idea.
You have to ask the police.
I believe that as long as you have Diaz Blarx and Pinela and the Rollos and have that
work brought to Miami by people like Mascanosa.
I understand that this man, Mascanosa, became a millionaire here but he was nobody in Cuba.
Okay, thank you.
He was great.
You're great, Sir.
It's America.
You can't say bull crap on here but you were right on target.
Nice going, Sir.
He said bull with an SH.
I would like to let him continue but unfortunately he said, come ahead, you cordon.
Groucher marks watch the dot com down.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
That's in case Bokeh Brian's.
That's why he's coming today as a car stop broken down.
I don't know.
He didn't come yesterday because he knew the AC was out.
That's why.
Hey, you're what?
Well, I mean, you're talking about.
I mean, I can call and I receive phone.
Oh, after a fashion.
Yeah, the inside phone.
Yeah, we got all kinds of technical problems.
And we seen our program director general manager there.
No, they're in budget meetings.
That's right.
They're in budget meetings.
They've had to try to figure out how to pay John Henry and Wayne.
So Greg can keep his God damn sports club going here.
Well, I must be elusive.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, Sir.
You know, everybody, everybody keeps on talking.
It was 100% wrong for the rioters.
I mean, for the protesters to throw any bottles on your rocks.
And I'm fully in agreement with that.
I was born down here.
My family's Cuban.
I've been down to Cuba.
And I've seen how it is.
It's easy for a lot of the listeners to call and say, you know, they have computers there.
They have TVs.
Those are only single families that have that if that.
And if they're lucky enough that the family's down here to afford and bring it down there.
People down here have no idea how bad it is down there.
Yeah.
Okay.
What I saw.
Let me ask you this.
Okay.
You know, because of our geographical location, I guess we're supposed to care.
But there are a lot of places in the world that people came here to escape.
That where the conditions are as bad or worse than they are in Cuba.
And yet we don't have people disrupting the community, blocking traffic,
terrorizing the local people who want to go to a concert.
It doesn't exist here.
It's only this one group of old malcontents who continue dividing this community.
Agreed.
But what I'm saying is this.
Okay.
A lot of the Cubans down here, especially myself, feel that they built a lot of South Florida,
which is true in a way.
Okay.
They did build a lot of it.
And they see our people, for example, being shot with water cannons from the Coast Guard trying to enter the home of the brave and the free and so forth.
Okay.
But then they see Clinton sending our troops to get murdered.
And in other wars, without even helping us down here first, I mean...
Well, helping us do what?
Well, no.
What I saw in that concert wasn't just rage.
I also saw a lot of desperate people who just did...
What is it that they're desperate about?
Are they missing any meals?
No, the younger people that were there were there just for the violence.
And I totally agree with that.
But the older people that were there have family down in Cuba.
And they know how it is.
And they're like getting zero help from that.
Yeah, people down there kneel there, starving.
Well, wait a minute.
If anybody suggests that we left the embargo, then those same people you're talking about have a nervous breakdown.
So when you say those people are getting any help, I don't know what you would like the president to do.
Cis and Bargo.
Agreed on that.
Well, then what is he supposed to do to pass it by?
What's going to make these people happy?
We're certainly not going to declare war on Cuba.
World, I mean, he's obviously got a problem down here now in Florida because this...
Why are you talking about...
What is this riot that happened in the arena?
This is only the beginning.
A lot of violence is...
What did the riot that had to do with the rock group playing with music?
What did that have to do with President Clinton?
What did that have to do with Washington?
Because as I see nobody is doing anything about what's happening.
Look, Neil, I'm an American.
Like you are and so forth.
Okay, and we have a lot of Cuban Americans who have families down the better starving.
Okay, if you've got that happening, Clinton is not doing anything about that.
I think you're going around in a circle over and over again.
I asked him, what will you like him to do?
Would you like him to lift the embargo?
Something's got to be done.
Okay, thank you.
I mean, those are three words you can't say here.
Lift the embargo.
You can't say that down here.
Communists are coming, they're coming, they're coming, they're coming, they're coming.
They're coming, they're coming, they're coming.
And so...
So what would you like him to do?
And I understand your frustration, but you're not giving me an answer.
I think she's Gordon Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Oh, right.
Oh, it took her cold to eat Monica.
She's a beauty bee, right?
So, now I can't get no job.
Because I don't got no literacy.
I was talking like an old me, girl.
You're talking like a daughter's house is wet.
Now I can't do nothing.
But the heritage say is that's okay.
Change my name to shoot, roll, drive a douche, send a quarter, aim a candle, like...
I remember when I was dealing all the life ends, because hanging outside,
the building there, Bob, grind the blues out, Bob and Z,
White devil, Scotch, nose, yaw, foe, the end, time, time.
So if I'm to give my life a chance, now I'm back.
I've got to go and sell more, crack, old change, crack, old change, crack, old change,
crack, old change, crack, old change, crack, old change, crack, old change.
Now they want to borrow this song.
If I had to make the sound funny, God must have to do great literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
They've a fool sound good to me.
I've got plenty of nothing.
You're buying a grain, getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch, steal her purse and pull her hair.
Then I'm gonna take some money, buy a cereal and a fridge at that.
I remember when I was dealing all the white men, because hanging outside,
I was able to deal $3,000, find the blues out, Bob and Z,
White devil, Scotch, no, yaw, foe, the end, time, time, time.
So the賣er could give my life a chance, now I'm back.
got to go with their voc-crackle case.
Crackle case, crackle case, crackle case.
Crackle case, crackle case, crackle case.
Crackle case, crackle case.
Crackle case, crackle case.
Crackle case, crackle case.
So, how, how anna for an eb-doing, by the way?
See, I don't, I don't want to make fun of people who are illiterate,
but it's embarrassing and it doesn't do, it, uh, doesn't do justice to people.
There is no such name as Anne Furnier, okay?
I mean, don't tell anybody that, but there's no such name.
Just like there's no such name as Lavender Amos.
Now, there's so-called Laverneus Couls that got busted up in Tallahassee from M.F.S.U. with the Peter Warwick.
They keep calling him Laverneus, and I guess that was supposed to be his name.
The only problem is, if you looked at the spelling of that name,
L-A-L-A-L-S-L-A-V-E-R-A-N-E-U-S.
That's why I call him Laverneus.
Lavender Amos.
L-A-V-E-R-A-N-E-U-S.
Laverneus.
I mean, at least if you're going to keep multiplying and have babies,
at least know how to spell their name right, and then maybe how to pronounce it.
You know what I'm saying, Anne Furnier?
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
A parent to Cuban. I was born here, and I'm totally embarrassed by this whole thing.
Circumstance? Yes, sir.
All right. Yeah, UM student, too.
Oh, my God. Well, nobody's perfect.
Listen, I don't understand why they let these people assemble.
They don't have permits, you know, and the cops stand around and let them get away with it.
And as long as they allow them to do that, they're going to keep coming back again and again.
Well, political pressure, man. That's what it's called.
I guarantee they're putting the cops that are spitting blood that would love to break it up and put an endoweth forever,
but political pressure. And you know who all the politicians are in Dade County.
Yeah, and we're the laughing stock of the nation.
Everybody's looking at us and going, look at those people out there, and it's at the handful.
And that guy, that call that said, it's just the old people only, and soon they're going to expire,
and everybody's going to forget about it. That's not true, because there was a lot of younger people out there, just troublemakers.
Yeah. And they just go out there to see if they can mix it up, and you know, get their face in the news.
And you know, just exxilient, and there's just no excuse. And I don't know what they can do about it.
You know, because they just sit around and they just keep letting it go on and on.
I mean, it's never going to stop.
I think there's a three-word answer to the problem. I know I didn't. Move to Broward. That's what I think you can do.
Yeah, well.
Okay, hang in there, pal. Thanks.
Thanks. That's about the one thing we can do, and then people say, oh, but you ran away from the problem, well, guy,
if I could have solved the problem, I mean, I tried for how many years on the air,
with my little puny voice. Did it do any good? No.
I've been living right there in Kendall for five years. Then I heard that, oh, Jay,
might move in about 20 years later. I said, I think I better get out now while I get in good.
When I heard that, it was moving in.
So you people don't know in a hammock. So I just, you know, if you missed a story on the news,
which I can't imagine how you could have, because it's on the front of every goddamn newspaper.
It's ever been invented, and Channel 7 is running at 9-1-1 call about every 13 seconds over and over and over again.
But, you know, which is fine. You know, you're getting, you might as well milk it, because after all,
he'd be a real big celebrity, just like every notorious murderer, I guess.
Here's D'Areal. Hello.
Hey, Neil, good afternoon. Yes, sir.
A couple of things. I'm going to try to get through this as quickly.
Okay. Let me give our friend Tony to say a plug for it. Thank you for the lunch, by the way. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Okay. First of all, radio stations and types people to go.
If you, if you, if you, you know,
kind of language stations, right? Yeah. No, no, right, right. The Spanish stations.
Right. If you understood Spanish and you watched the Spanish stations on TV interviewing people going in,
they were all telling people why they shouldn't go in instead of just asking what's your opinion.
That's another thing that they do. The journalists are not supposed to do.
They do that in the Latin stations. They were telling the, wait a minute.
Yeah. The people from the Spanish speaking media were telling people not to go in.
No, not to go, not, not that. That they were first getting the opinions from the people going in.
Right. Then when they would say, oh, because I have a right to go and it's freedom and so on and so.
Then they would turn around and say, but don't you know that there are people that, you know, are dying in Cuba?
They're suffering and this is a Castro band. Oh.
And this is, so what's your opinion on that? And they would say, well, but because I have a right to listen to music.
Oh, yeah. They didn't really want their opinion. They were just trying to, uh, they would debate and can do.
They would ask their opinion so that then they can go ahead and say something against it.
Yeah. They do that. They do that.
Another thing is, if you don't, it must be laughing. Every time something happens here, he must be laughing.
He is. You know, wouldn't it be better if we wouldn't pay attention to anything that goes on?
Don't talk about it. Maybe he'll be a little bit pissed off because no one's giving a crap about, you know, him and what's going on.
Yeah. It's another thing. It's better for us.
Now, another thing that doesn't make him look bad, it makes us look stupid.
Right. Now, another thing that the Spanish media said was, why don't, why doesn't a Nazi band go into Miami Beach and play?
Now, why doesn't the Ku Klux Klan go into Liberty City and do something there?
Well, the answer is there isn't any interest for these two, whatever associations who go into these communities.
The, um, the band came here because there is an interest.
There's at least a 40% interest, you know, for the band to go there.
And to be, and to keep comparing it with Klan marches, let me get it again.
This wasn't a march in the middle of somebody's neighborhood.
It was a concert that you had a pay for a ticket to go see. You could go or not. It was up to you.
Right. And then the last thing I'm going to say is, look at this baseball team.
They came over and played in Baltimore.
Right.
The Cuban people here got on the buses and went all the way to Baltimore to protest this team.
Right.
And then before that, when the team went over to Cuba and people were mad here because they went to Cuba,
guess what? Every single Cuban person watched the game on TV.
Absolutely correct.
Okay. Thank you, Neil.
Have a nice day, man.
Thanks a lot.
And of course, don't forget about the Pan-N Games, the Junior Pan-N Games.
Did we get those? No.
No, Dave County wasted $440,000 to somebody's tax money to promote for the Junior Pan-N Games.
And then all of a sudden, they found out that Cuba was going to supposedly have athletes in it.
And everybody in Dave County went,
Oh, no.
They put it here at their home, the little parrot on one of Mayor Pingo's shoulders all the time.
He's on one shoulder and one Mediada. He's on the other one.
Little birdie on the shoulder.
Oh, no, we can't have that. That's a result.
The Senior Pan-N Games, which is a major event with it means millions and millions of dollars to the community.
They said, no, we're not going to go there.
We're never going to go there. Don't even waste your time making a bid because in the future,
they're ready to try them in chance and hell. We're going to come to a place like that.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami. All right.
Exactly.
So, you know, you're not accomplishing anything with Castro.
All you keep doing is dividing the community, embarrassing us, making us look worse and worse and worse.
And it just never seems to end.
And like I've said before, if those of us in English radio got on the air
and we did things that would cause disruptions in the community and we encourage all kinds of civil disobedience,
we'd have to answer the FCC for that. I mean, we got to have to answer the FCC just for a stand crap on the radio because somebody doesn't like us.
But if we got on the air and we encourage civil disobedience, then we're going to have to have our feet held in the goddamn floor.
But Spanish language media, they basically do whatever they want.
And they know they can get away with it.
5.670560, 05.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Listen, Neil. I'm a second-sized Cuban Jew. Do I have the right to complain?
Oi! Go ahead.
They did something that's not very nice and the same for Rojay.
Okay. Great call. Was that a great call?
No.
Pathetic.
5.670560, 05.560 on the AT&T wireless line. I bet he's got a big nose and probably cheap too.
Here's Cooper City. Hello?
Hi there. How are you today?
Okay, sir.
I apologize. I have a swift road and don't feel like a threat.
Okay. Sorry.
A couple weeks ago, three weeks ago, I think you were referring to the University of Miami as the Huracones, which I've heard you say that.
How many years ago?
And I know why because you had a bunch of thugs on that.
Jimmy Johnson put the cool in her cones. That's right.
But I don't exactly understand your statement right after that was talking about Martin Luther King.
Why did you use that statement?
I'm just a joke.
I beg your pardon?
It didn't so long ago.
Well, maybe with you. I've been saying that for many years too.
Really? Yeah.
I'm sorry.
You have to lighten up a little bit.
No, I got to talk to keep telling my dark, complicated friends. Lighten up just a little bit.
No, I have to.
I'm Jewish.
I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about them. The world isn't all about you, sir. Or me either. It's about the whole world.
Another question.
What year did you originally start at KAT?
What year did I start?
Yeah, it was in the evening. I know that.
No, it was not.
It was? No, 76.
I was.
Yeah, for 76.
1976.
Okay. Thanks very much.
And have a great day.
You take.
Okay. Well, not in the evening. It was 3 to 6 p.m. And then it became 2 to 6 p.m.
And then after two years of working real cheap for you call a Katsin time in Siddlerbind.
I said, thank you. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Longing 50 dollars.
I'll never forget that day.
I know I've said this a million times, but it's so embarrassing.
You know, people with a lot of money that treat you like a lemon.
Like you call a Katsin time.
She's dead anyway, so it doesn't make any difference.
And I'm in the old flagship bank there on Alton Road in Miami Beach.
Cash in my paycheck.
$225 a week gross.
And it was gross, baby.
And I'm standing in line on Payday.
Cash in my check.
And there's you call a Katsin time.
The owner of the station.
We just have this big picture of her late husband, Frank Katsin time,
after whom the station KAT was named.
And she's in a couple of people in front of me in line.
She sees me in turn to the weather.
Oh, Neil, it's Payday.
Do you feel rich today?
And I said, no, not quite, Mrs. Katsin time, almost, but not quite.
Longing 50 dollars.
Bitch, how about now?
A little more.
A little more so than then.
Even though she was very nice compared to these people.
But I'll still take their money.
26th after one.
And believe me, I'm not here because I work for nice people.
I'm here for the money.
And I'm very proud to tell you that.
You know, a lunso.
You're so big.
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo Forward 5.
How are you?
John Rambo's still alive.
I want to make movies for it 5.
My life ain't going great.
Played Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was in 85 late.
Rambo 3 was in 88.
She was in.
And who is?
And who is?
My god, I did not make this movie with my son.
His name is Sage.
He was in Rocky 5 in daylight, the tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get a lump on the pile of trees.
I gotta have a little bit movie.
Or Broadway show like an ugly.
I guess nobody ever saw cops in.
And it was stupid.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh, I got left this gentleman's way in.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4.
5.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do dialogue or keep it zip.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be out of work.
And now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing pork kipsy.
Basically I'm an unemployed chipsy.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get a loan from Apollo Queen.
I gotta have another ugly movie.
Or a Broadway show like Never He.
I guess nobody ever saw a cop like it.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh, I got left this gentleman's way in.
And that's why I'm ready to get on with it.
I need to make Rambo 4.
And I have to do it.
Absolutely.
All right.
133 at 5.60 WQ.
I don't understand where I would Martin Luther Coon day to you.
I mean, Lisa respected enough to take off that weekend from work.
Anybody else take off here that day from work?
No.
By the way, Carlos our receptionist.
I didn't realize that he was on the morning show.
Is that the same?
He's on the morning show on Power 96.
I told you that a while ago.
For a while though.
Carlos is on the Wichvo Griffin on that show.
He did a cameo and he was a hit.
It's a hit.
So in other words, he was in there which Vogue Griffin and RuPaul.
And you wonder why Kevin Spacey ran out?
Come on Kevin.
Back in the closet, sweetheart.
Oh, I'm sorry.
He's in.
He's out.
He's all over the place.
But I can understand why he ran out.
Well, I mean, once you get to know Carlos, as long as he doesn't want to show you his 18-year-old Pierce Bartz.
Look, he did that one day.
He shaved you now.
No, I don't want to hear about it.
Okay.
The thought of seeing...
Oh, right in the middle of my lunch, no less.
Oh.
Here's Daniel.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I'm calling a response to some of the people that were on the show before.
Yes, sir.
I guess people forget their history.
From 1939 and 1942, close to 150,000, two, we tried to get into Cuba.
There were quite a few ships.
Some of them paid up to $1 million to go to Cuba.
And when they got there, they didn't let them in.
In other words, they kept them on a boat for three weeks.
I was a teenage man.
You mean like the St. Louis that tried to get in here and they wouldn't let it in Roosevelt,
those side-backers?
They had outdied in the concentration camps yet.
Yeah, and they had outcropone there in the Maffe and prostitution and everything.
Right.
Right.
Those were on with them.
And then they needed Jews with doctors and scientists.
And they sent them out.
And then when they came to Miami, they put water hoses on them too.
So no one rebelled with that.
Well, what does that have to do with this?
I don't understand what the...
We'll go back into history.
We're not living in ancient history.
We're living now, but have a nice life looking back into history.
Oh.
I mean, you know, there's truth in what he says.
But what does that have to do with the price of peanuts now?
Absolutely nothing.
5,670560, 0560, 0560, on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, can they continue for the Cubans as exiles?
Because it's a catchy phrase, I guess.
I don't know.
It's me.
They're not really exiles.
I don't know that we have exiles.
No, they left their own accord.
They're not exiles.
It's just a political, you know, it's politically correct in date counted.
You call those old Farts exiles.
I mean, the college of Cuban old Farts would be more accurate.
Oh, the media.
You know.
That'll Cuban old Farts.
It's all about the media though.
The media shouldn't be calling an exiles.
No, it's a political thing.
The politicians invented it.
And the media very obediently said, oh yeah, that's a good point.
Let's keep saying that.
Right.
And what about Thomas Regolato and some of these other Miami commissioners?
Showing their faces.
It's just the absolute disgrace.
It's disgusting, but it's not going to change.
I mean, they got the date counted by the balls, man.
They own it.
Why is that?
When they're getting some FaceTime, why don't they ask Thomas Regolato about his gas card?
Yeah, there you go.
Good point.
And one final thing.
I'll give gas when I see him.
Yes.
Who Chambi?
Hi.
Okay, good.
Good job, Tony.
That was excellent.
That was beautiful.
I did the job form there.
You didn't have to do a little bleed.
By the way, how's line 4 coming?
I'm sorry.
I thought, a favorite child here on WQAM, baby.
No extra charge, huh?
You won't find that anywhere else.
Even 14,000 on a dial.
Whatever that thing is.
Way up there at the end.
2900 on the AM dial.
Come on.
One more time.
I don't hear it.
There it is.
Okay.
And you notice, by the way, in spite of all the buried jackasses, worst efforts,
nobody anywhere is talking about that Phantom sports station.
In spite of Greg Reed peeing in his pants for two, three weeks over there.
Here's Wes Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Neal.
I'm just looking at the newspaper here today and I see a Mr. Roy Foster with the...
Yes, Roy.
That is correct.
And we'll continue to be reimbursed and mortified.
Yes.
And you'll also see Mr. Sam sitting on the left.
Yes, sir.
But what I want to say is he used to be here, but he's not...
Wait a minute.
What happened to your phone?
I don't know.
We happened to have a phone.
Okay.
There you go.
Okay.
With Mr. Prady or Mr. Prady.
What's going on with Guerrero and Prady now?
Now, now...
Oh, Jay's out of the picture.
Okay.
567-0560-0.560 on the...
Well, you know, you have to look down to see it when you're a dino with it, you know?
That's why he kept coming and going, so to speak.
567-0.560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, we see the picture.
Thanks again, not to the Harold.
Full color this time.
At least you spared our friends in Broward County.
They cry.
I guess they thought that I wouldn't see it, huh?
They figured, well, we'll show...
We'll make Rogers think that we're doing him a favor of being nice.
And we'll crop the picture so that Sam and Roy don't appear in the...
in the...
here in the Broward edition of the Harold.
But then in the data edition, there it is.
Full color on the front of Section V.
That infamous picture at the Aster.
You know, that's one...
That's one thing about restaurants on South Beach over the years.
The Forge, Joe's, the Aster.
Some of the most objectionable people in the history of the human race have died in white.
I'm not saying that, you know, they should be kicking them out.
But nevertheless, they've died at some of those very famous restaurants.
You don't want to say it?
Uh-huh.
Oh, baby.
Come play with these titties.
Georgie Bush says that his nose is gleaming.
Never put the thing in it.
He's running for the White House.
So he just can't admit it.
Stone drunk and that's not all he evened down a few people.
In college, Annie, Drunk with Doom, He didn't drop some massive food.
Why will Georgie just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the prep which shut their mouth.
But if any of you got them business, he did more than what you think.
But he watched it down the sea.
And he preferred cocaine to house.
That's the question that he died.
And he made his pointless clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants us to believe.
That he didn't do anything.
Georgie Bush says that his nose is gleaming.
Never put the thing in it.
He's running for the White House.
So he just can't admit it.
Georgie's cream.
Georgie's cream.
Georgie's cream.
One of those people who grew up by the way.
143 at 5.60 QAM.
So anyway, somebody facts as me some astonishing thing here from a college.
Not a high school, not a grade school, a college English textbook.
Non-stated forms of regular verbs.
Many people have grown up in communities where non-stated forms of verbs are used in everyday speech.
Instead of saying, for example, that looks tired.
A person using a community, that girl looks tired.
A person using a community dialect might say that girl tired.
Instead of saying yesterday I fixed the car.
A person using a community dialect might say yesterday I fixed the car.
Now wait a minute, you hear this.
Community dialects have richness and power, but are a drawback in college and in the world of work where real English verb forms must be used.
Regular, real, honest, accurate, literate.
Are you ready for that?
That girl tired.
How about, she be tired.
That girl, she be tired.
And then community dialect as opposed to standard English where we say, I do or we do.
There's I does.
I mean this is in a textbook, community English.
This is what your country, this is what your government is putting out.
Community English, this is just like bubonics all over again.
Attempting to legitimize illiteracy.
Rather than saying, oh we have to teach all people in this country to speak the accurate regular forms of English.
No, this is community English which certainly has a richness.
Doesn't it?
Don't you feel a real richness when you go into convenience store and somebody says, hey I need to ask you a question.
Shut up, white devil.
Don't you feel a certain richness in your rectum when you hear that?
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Try a new tactic I guess, huh?
Didn't work.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Certifiable by the way, yes sir.
I'm a Cuban descent American born and I'm still trying to get over the shock of this past weekend.
But you know what gets me is a lot of these protesters have been subsidizing the Castro government for years by sending money to the relatives there.
So much so that they've adopted the dollar currency and yet these are the same people that are calling for a nen to the embargo.
But here we are.
We're creating a, we're ending the embargo ourselves by giving them the means to purchase whatever it is that they need.
I don't know why you say they're calling for an end of the embargo.
They don't want an end of the embargo.
No, I mean they're calling for the embargo but we're pretty much ending it by sending money to our relatives.
Well, it's their end of the embargo.
In other words, they're going to pick and tune this side.
If it's for their relatives and their people and it's okay.
It's like, it's like the mentality about freedom of speech.
If it's something that they agree with, then it's okay.
Freedom of expression, music, whatever.
If it's something they like, then that's freedom.
But if it's something they don't like, then you can't do it.
I'll tell you, 1993 I was in Cancun and I saw the Los Vambans performing there in Cancun.
I've got a family member that's associated with the group somewhat and these guys don't know anything but music.
And that's all they do.
They're basically maybe two steps out from a literacy.
They can read music when they can't words.
And that's what they're all about.
It's just music.
I didn't hear any reports that any political speeches were made inside the arena the other night.
All they did was play music and people danced.
In 1993, these musicians got paid a $30 per DM and they hardly ever split the profits.
And that's basically all they want to do.
It's a vehicle for them to get out of the queue but get out of the repression and just enjoy life.
And that's basically all they do.
And it's kind of scary, I think, that post-castural queue but because a lot of these people that claim to be so freedom oriented
are just going to repress anybody that has a different point of view.
You've got it.
Okay, anyway, that's all I got. Have a good day.
Thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It worked like crazy to do it but we finally got some great response here.
How about that?
Yes.
I realized that a lot of you people, you're in the aisle, you want to sit in the back and figure this a lot go away but it doesn't go away.
And it's bad, baby.
It'd be bad. It'd be real bad.
It'd be bad for getting everybody getting along.
And you people in Spanish language radio.
So maybe if you had some listeners under the age of 100 but of course the people out of the age of 100
aren't interested in that same old tired communist decree that you keep peddling out.
So that's the way you have to survive is by sacrificing the entire community and our image all over the world so that you can survive.
Really tragic.
Here's Kendall, home of OJ, hello.
Well, I'm glad you finally got to me.
Yes, before OJ did anyway.
By the way, a couple of points.
Point number one, according to the hair old, the Miami addition.
Yes, sir.
She lives in the crossings.
Right.
I'm sorry, I said the hammocks.
Yeah, it's only a bit.
Of course, the hammocks district police is what responded.
Why is this?
To the call.
But I apologize profusely, okay, to those people who were getting ready to move out and head for sales signs and hammocks.
Exactly.
It's only a difference of 10 blocks anyway.
I know exactly where they both are.
Okay, so that's number one.
Number two, I know somebody who has access to the county computer and they put her name in there to try to get an address.
And it doesn't come up, which means that wherever she's living, she's renting.
Okay, she's from California.
She just came.
She just becoming here with him.
Right, so we can get her, be kicked out of there.
Right.
Along the, and no, I'm off.
Especially if Pedro is hanging around there and maybe there's some shady drug stuff going on.
Not that we know that.
But that will be checking it out.
It makes a difference to me because now I know he won't be going to my public at least.
But anyway.
Not that you know of.
Well, and about the whole Cuban thing, and church going back to your last caller.
You know, I was born here.
My folks are both Cuban.
Okay, my dad came over and 61.
My mom and 64.
They've never been to a single one of those protests.
Okay, and when they see them on TV, all they do is they shake their head like saying,
these silly, silly people.
When will they ever learn?
Right.
Okay, they're both citizens.
And this idea about exile?
Come on.
