Sports Radio 560WQAM Miami-Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 560560 toll-free per date and barred.
Or tell 560 on yourself all.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the BZ broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Neil, yeah.
Good-bye, Chris, for all.
I wish I could go home.
Don't say that no hits you when you're on your way out as your career takes a big dump down.
Okay.
You call the games like Texas Loud.
With no description.
I'm trying to see the answers I've been told for this amount has really not been by the staff.
And despite how you blow, you won't get no more such a draw you little dog in the toe.
I tell these shows will they magically remove from your eyes.
There's a hell for me as the hall is once for the truth.
The young, if I may borrow a direct wealth from your own.
We should, we should, we should, we should.
Good-bye, Neil, those, or should I say goodbye to ain't right here, change your arms so well,
that your back ain't get the hell out of there.
But now they'll put you on the air.
As a chocolate number, or maybe you'll start to change the tone, the chop just like it's all done and look when happens to him.
I saw I was just in the line, that's all very nice.
But we don't really care when you get old.
Go make like a throw-druck and teach your wife.
In the tier it's a preposition of saying it's your dad.
It'd be a awful way to listen to your rose.
Maybe it's an ethnic thing, we just don't understand it.
1003 at 560 WQIM.
Hey, Collagen Man, run our last bottle of water, Collagen Man, we need some water.
Okay, just all you got to do is say that.
Hey, Collagen Man, I wish we had that by the way.
I bet just somebody somewhere has got that little jingle.
Hey, Collagen Man.
Remember that?
No, you don't, because it was 100 years ago.
Anyway, we have every time I think we've seen the rock bottom in this town in our newspapers,
I get up the next morning and much to my amazement,
we scrape an even lower barnacle off the bottom of the Foo chain.
Greg Cotex, I want to tell you this right now, okay?
You are pus on two legs.
You're not even excrement on two legs.
You are pus.
Whatever comes from a festering oozing sore, the pus tool that are whatever the word is.
The mong that's in there, that's you on two legs.
This man has got a column in this morning's paper and it fits right in with this radio station, by the way,
with all these ass suckers who never met a felon that they didn't like.
And by the way, we're changing the name.
It's going to be the National Felon League, the NFL.
I bcq, I urge you to go out and buy that book, Prozencons, by the way, if you haven't read it yet.
And what did I say that was months ago, right?
Many, many months ago, that I was raving about that book and how great it was, which it is.
And, you know, as time goes on and more and more of this crap goes down day after day after day.
Then like I said back then, the other shows on this station that's supposed to be a sports station.
They're the ones that should have been talking about the book interviewing the author.
But it was left to me, because I'm the anti sports.
I'm the one guy that has no vested interest in it.
See all these sports holes like red codex and accounts on this radio station.
They've got a vested interest in continuing to make sure that you think that these are very important things.
And that they're on a level which they really never will be.
But they've got to make sure that all the sports there keep looking upon all this crap, this swill, these subhuman scumbags.
Like, oh, this is great. Look how fat he's running.
You know, whatever he's running from the law, probably.
So, Greg Codex, here's a big picture of Cecil Adizel Collins.
And there's Tony Martin and Dierol Strabbery and Khalid El Amin, whoever the hell that is.
I don't even know who that is.
And Mark Valbert, as if he somehow belongs in there, they had to put one white guy in here to make it, you know, even an out.
And Mike Tyson.
Anybody look at Mark Valbert like those other, no, in the same category if I don't know.
He likes to dress up and, you know, he's a little bit of a backbiter.
But nevertheless, the thrust, the essence of this puke inducing, I'm going to tell you, before two o'clock today, I have a feeling.
In fact, you know, I've even got like stains on my shirt.
All I had was like a slingium this morning.
It's puke that's dribbling out already, having read the Greg Codex column.
I'm going to be puke out meals that I ate six years ago that haven't quite made it through the intestinal track yet.
The more I talk about this thing, bad behavior says the, the handling of the article.
Don't get excited now.
Okay, calm down.
Can I calm down?
Okay. Please.
The morality bar in sports has been lowered to accommodate those with talent.
But to the standards for athletes be higher than for the rest of us as Greg Codex with a straight face like we're supposed to believe this column.
In my lifetime, I've never read such unadulterated crap manure.
And the fact that the hero would even put this piece of turt in the newspaper tells us where they're coming from.
The same people on the editorial board, and I know they're going to say, well, we don't interfere with our sports writers, right?
We don't interfere with our columnist, right?
Let's see one of your comments right about how desperately we need casinos down here.
And how fast that gets in your newspaper.
You phony bastards.
The fact that they put this in there shows what hypocrites they really are.
The same people that are screaming casinos are immoral and they're bad and it's gambling as if we don't already have gambling.
Every time this topic comes up, these are the same people that put a column like this in here.
And basically, the essence of it is that Greg Codex says, you know, why should we hold the athletes up to these higher standards than all the rest of us?
Well, I have to wonder this, Greg, if you would have broken into two women's apartments or whatever condominiums and molested them, would you be writing for the Miami hero today?
No.
Would any newspaper self-respect, if you would have walked in, if you had a police record, we're talking to families.
I'm not talking about the Merrill Draweeney. Nobody cares about that.
As long as your arm, is there any self-respecting newspaper in America that would hire under staff, Greg?
No.
No.
But you know, you know, kids will be kids and boys will be boys and yaddy-addy-addy-addy.
He says, give me a choice and I'll take a running back with Smoked Opel over an alcoholic commercial pilot or a teacher who downloads porn.
Now, if you would have said a teacher who downloads kidney porn, then we'd all say, right, exactly, pervert.
But a teacher who downloads pornography?
Do you think there are sports columnists who download pornography?
Yes.
Yeah, no, no, no.
No.
You think Greg Codex might have ever come across on the internet? Any nudity?
No.
No way.
What is that?
Then he goes on. I mean, there's stuff in here. I hope that no kids. Make sure your kids don't see the hero this morning, okay?
Please.
He says, you think Jimmy Johnson really cares if Tony Martin or Launderdrug money for a friend.
He doesn't care about innocence, only availability.
Lawrence Phillips rushed her 162 yards in his NFL, the Europe debut of the National Fellon League.
You don't think that made his rap sheet a shade less relevant to NFL coaches? Do you? He says, nobody is more forgiving than a coach desperate to win except fans.
He says, this jackass on two legs, this piece of pus on two legs, Greg Codex.
And it's interesting, even the Humper who's up there in Louisville today for the Kentucky Derby draw, yes.
Even him yesterday, he and Jimmy talked about Cecil a great length and Cecil, Leris and Cecil, pretty soon we'll have luck.
We already got Cecil to Diesel. You know, we got a nickname for him.
And if he actually makes the team and he starts out, you know, has a big game, the first game like Greg Codex says, he'll be a hero for five minutes.
Celebrating scum bags. That's what it's all about. Celebrating admiring, paying a hard-earned big bucks to go
to support scum bags. That's what professional sports is becoming. And Greg Codex celebrates it here in his column this morning. Celebrates it excuses it, rationalizes it, explains it, and even tries to, you know, pull it away by saying, well, why should we hold them to higher standards?
And what am I told you before and I really believe this is sure as I'm sitting my fat ass in the chair today, if OJ Simpson woke up this morning and suddenly his arthritic knees healed up.
I mean, he's a little along in the tooth. He's a little old. But if OJ Simpson could run for two thousand yards for your football team, the dolphins or whatever team you support this coming season this fall, how many of these so-called fans would say, oh no, he's a murderer. Would they say that?
No, they say, Google, okay, you go, okay, they'd be out there cheering us ugly ass. Am I right? You bet your sweet ass, I'm right.
And that's why I say to the whole business.
It's good. Anybody want my dolphin tickets?
Greg Codex, you really are, seriously. I mean, I thought Barry Jackass had it, had it hands down, biggest asshole on that newspaper, not even close, not even in the same category.
At least he's got an excuse.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you can't let go of you
that night when she turned off all the lights there's no place where she could hide on the wall oh she was gonna get her oh day when I do kill her oh day when I do kill her oh day when I do kill her oh day when I do kill her
oh day
oh day
yeah
Oh yeah, he's gonna get ya.
It's true, oh yeah, you're gonna come after you.
And then you'll get away with that want to move.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, he's gonna get ya.
He's gonna get you, oh yeah, he's gonna get you.
He's gonna get you, oh yeah, he's gonna get you.
One night.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You can't let go, you can't let go, okay, okay.
You can't let go, you can't let go, okay.
You can't let go, okay.
I can't let go, okay.
Oh yeah, he's gonna get you, oh yeah, he's gonna get you, oh yeah.
All right.
Oh, looking through the bars at the county jail.
Oh, she was there, and he began to well.
The guy that bitch was there because he drank too much.
The tycoon was looking for a truck to touch the low-side.
Loose the jail, the jail house shot.
All right.
Everybody was grabbed by their socks,
getting ready for the jail house shot.
Mr. Fitzpatrick was a little so well,
saying that his marriage was a living hell.
Top in this corner with his burrito.
He sent his talk about his way to go at all the shots.
Loose the jail house shot.
Everybody was grabbed by their socks,
found at the jail house shot.
And he was the jail house shot.
Watch him and find Scott Fry.
Loose the damn stick by their socks.
Everyone's checking their clothes.
Everybody has had hard nights,
including those jail house shots.
All exemptä¸‰ times eight a year
and did an assembly last Congress
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
One of the talented stars, my one of the high five.
For cocaine.
My daughter has got caught in a car with a bot.
So can you.
This is my boyfriend.
That they're all just with us cocaine.
Oh, yeah.
That's 23 and 5.
60 Q and there's a little sample.
We got the whole library of that crap.
We got a library of it.
So we have an upset brother out there who thinks is this a racial thing?
Is that what he thinks this is?
Like I said, maybe we just don't understand.
Maybe it's an ethnic thing.
Maybe it's part of a culture that those of us white folk we just don't get it.
We don't understand it.
You know, beating up your women, breaking into dormantory rooms and molesting women,
stuff like that, being a professional scumbag all your life.
Maybe we just don't understand what that's all about.
And maybe like Greg Cotex says, we should just look the other way.
Who gives a crap about these things?
The national felon league they never met a felon they didn't like.
And Greg Cotex points out and last part of his thing here he says,
I think it's the responsibility of leagues and commissioners to legislate
whom teams and coaches may hire.
Leagues should care that some of their players are felons, drunk drivers,
white beaters and drug abusers.
But if the NFL tells coaches it's okay to draft these so columns,
let's not be a guest when one somebody does.
There you go. That's good logic.
And whether it's Jimmy Johnson, Dick Vermeel,
who's the biggest gangster coach of mall, huh?
Which one never met a gangster he didn't like or both of the above?
And then Greg Cotex closes one of the most anxious columns in the history of journalism
and I use that word loosely by saying every team has Apple positive role models.
Any community, any fan should be able to accept that on a team as in life
there may be a war or two in the peck of apples.
Isn't that cute?
A war or two in the peck of apples.
See, it's one thing if there's somebody at a peck of apples who turns out to be a war or two
after you're already got him after he's there.
But when you already know that somebody like a Lawrence Phillips or a Cecil Collins
or whoever it might be is a warman, the peck of apples is a peck of head.
And then you go out and you make an effort to bring him in and say,
well, we have a chance, maybe he'll catch on.
Maybe we can somehow squeeze by here and he won't do so ever in protesting
until after he goes someplace else.
Isn't that what they're really saying?
Uh-huh.
You bet your sweet answer to this.
And you people don't care.
I mean, the majority of these assholes, especially the sports nerds,
they don't care about this.
They don't give a crap.
And like I said, why not?
Why not have, you know, tryouts on every, in every prison in America?
Why don't we just have, you know, let prison walk on.
You know, if they're guys who can run fast and throw the ball hard or hit the ball,
whatever it is that they can do.
Why not let him walk on, give it a shot.
Tryouts, huh?
Tryouts from death row.
Hey, here's the way the governor won't commute your sentence.
But I'll tell you one thing.
The Marlins are really falling out tough times.
They're three and ten.
They can't win a fixed game.
If you can come in or throw the ball hard or maybe hit the ball out of the infield,
they might just sign your ass up.
In which case, we'll pull some strings because we know the right people.
We'll commute your goddamn sentence.
How do you like that?
Ow!
Yeah.
Scumbags.
It's like I talk about the big vat of chicken soup, you know, and you put it in the refrigerator
and you let it sit there overnight.
And the morning here's all that crap that fat, the scum, has risen to the top.
And that's America for you.
The scum rises to the top.
Any questions?
Oh, God, Neil.
There are.
What's the matter?
Oh, Judy.
I just found out.
Michael has heart on.
Oh, no.
I just don't know.
What to do?
Well, when Shirley's boyfriend had one, he went to the Heart on Treatment Center of America.
Heart on Treatment Center?
Yeah, it's a place where they teach men how to wake up small and uninterested.
He thinks they could help Michael?
They were very kind and caring when Philip had his own Earth.
He doesn't even watch the USA Channel at night anymore.
The Heart on Treatment Center of America, helping so many Americans through their hardship.
Brought on by Big Boots in so many aerospace materials.
Please call today.
Don't get excited.
You're not alone.
The Heart on Treatment Center of America.
Cold water standing by.
All right.
1031 to 560 W.
You can have the hammer, the humber, the rubber stamp.
That's what we got on the station, by the way.
Just a bunch of rubber stamps.
Have you noticed that?
I mean, there's nobody here that really like stands out of it.
Just no matter what the coaches do, no matter what the jok's do.
Just rubber stamp, rubber stamp, whether it's BM or TM or JJ, whoever it is.
Hank will be on from Louisville.
I guess they must have the draw for the Derby today.
Does anybody know what the date of the Kentucky Derby, which Saturday it's going to be?
Because we don't know.
And then we got, what do we got?
Where's that schedule?
That seems to be falling down here.
Jim Mandage, 6-9-3-9.
Yeah!
And then we got the Marlins and the Giants tonight again.
Is there any interest?
No.
What's so ever?
The three and 10 Marlins?
Great code text, by the way.
I did, you know, I read and I keep rereading this thing.
And I was fascinated because he started out of this column this morning,
like he was condemning, you know, the fact that Jimmy Johnson's science, he's so Colin,
and that the fans are indifferent to this.
He says, the drafting of columns has not agitated the outrage it might have.
I think we're too used to it now, too numb.
And then he goes on, basically, as the column goes on, it does a complete turn of on.
It says, well, you know, after all, who the hell are we to, you know?
He says, the crowd celebrating Yukon's basketball title, a word approval for Khalid.
All I mean, that's who that is.
The same way he was arrested on marijuana charges, huh?
Well, who cares about it?
They were worried and provoked because they don't care about that.
How can you compare being arrested for marijuana charges with being a felon, huh?
With molesting women, with raping women, with murdering people like OJ, with all of these things, huh?
Mayfors for the Derby, by the way, please stop calling.
Oh, please stop calling Derby's Mayfors. Thank you.
So that means, oh.
So I guess we'll be talking to Dave Johnson this year.
Well, we'll talk to him before the pregness.
Here's Hylia Garden. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah. Hi.
I was just wanted to talk about Gregg Kototiko.
Gregg Kototiko?
I was just curious, you know, maybe I missed something, but why is Reggie Watt a hypocrite?
Maybe a homophobic, not a hypocrite?
Yeah.
You know, I mean, he's saying, he'd take, Matthew who's done a lot of a myth over it.
I missed it over a hypocrite like Reggie White.
I'm not a right here who uses this thing and imprimant to imprimant to her, of his ministry,
to wage a campaign against homosexuals.
Well, there's a hypocrite because he claims to be a religious guy, but on the other hand,
he's the one who's best to spread hatred and victory.
I think that's what he means.
Yeah, maybe, but if you read the Bible, it does condemn homosexuality.
Not that I agree with Reggie White.
Yeah.
Sir, let me ask you this question.
Since you've been on since the very beginning, I see you've waited like 22 minutes to get on here today.
Out of this entire article, that's the one thing that strikes you.
There's nothing else that's in here that they really is the subject matter, not homosexuality.
It seems to me that there are a whole bunch of you people out there because of the fact that you've got this out of the closet bag on here
who are obsessed with this topic, aren't you?
No, not at all.
Actually, someone...
Does the wife of anybody bring that up out of this article?
Well, actually, the second thing that struck me, the first thing that struck me was he held Martin McGuire up, I guess, since he's cleaned up as someone from California told me he's dropped his wife around a little bit when he was...
Somebody told you that. Did we read that anywhere?
No, we're supposed to take like...
We're supposed to take...
Oh, and you don't even follow baseball, but I'm supposed to say you're doing a talk show taking third-hand information that he slapped his wife around?
Ahahahahaha!
Okay, thank you, sir. Bad laugh, by the way.
Ahahah!
You know, he must have been related to rumors, same life.
Ahahah!
That same fake laugh that rumor does all the time.
Sorry, rumor.
That was a low shot. That was a cheap shot. I take it back.
No, I know.
56670560, pound 560, on the mobile one line. Now, here's the greatest facts I've ever received in my life.
I never thought I could say that. On the same day that I received, I read the most anxious column I ever read in my life in the Herald, I received the greatest facts of my life.
You better listen carefully, you heathen bastard you.
Life is short. For what is your life, is it even a vapor that appears for a little time and then vanish it away?
James 414.
Death is sure. It is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment, Hebrews 927.
Sin the cause.
Wherefore as by one man sin entered into the world and death by sin, and so death passed upon all men for all that have sinned Romans 512.
See, there's that loving God again. Somebody screwed up way back then, so we all got to pay for it now.
And finally, last but certainly not least, you better open your ears wide for this, especially that guy that just called only moments ago.
Christ the cure. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believed that him should not perish, but have everlasting life, John.
Of course you've already seen this at the All of the Ball Games, John 316.
Every time we go to a ball game, not only do we have to have prayers before the actual felon league talk about hypocrisy, we have to have the invocation before they go out there and all the felons just slap each other on the ass and throw the ball around.
But we have to see the assholes in the end zone or behind the home plate at the baseball games with their big son, John 316.
In tournament assholes who can't go anywhere without trying to pedal their superstitious crap to the rest of us.
I noticed at the end of the show yesterday and I was very pleased about it too, by the way. I was ecstatic. I got emotional and sexual excitement from it.
The one guy that started and I was like, oh, it's blasphemy. You ought to be off the air. And then immediately right after that, he was upset because I had the audacity to give my opinion about religion and all the bull crap, which it is obviously.
And it doesn't agree with his to show you that it makes my point how intolerant the religion is star.
There's no room for anybody with a with a different point of view. It's blasphemy and then immediately after him was a young punk who wouldn't know where to find his penis with a compass and a road map who calls in.
Also, you know, that guy was right. Why was he right because I didn't? I said Wayne Gretzky didn't deserve 700 hours of air time. So I also should be off here.
Are you following this logic here, folks? That's the American way. That's right. And in fact, you know, I think that we have an ethnic segment here in Dave County who, you know, that that's their mentality. I think it's starting to permeate all over the community, all over the state.
In other words, they're the freedom of speech means you can say whatever you want as long as we like it as soon as we don't like it or it pisses us off. Then God, then we're going to get your ass off of here. We're going to shut you up.
To which we say, all right. Yes. What is it that gets these people so red like the one guy that called yesterday is this all this Christianity thing sure got you all worked up on. No, it doesn't bother me. Not just Christianity. It's all of them. If I single about one religion and said, boy, this is this is ass and I that would make me like a big it.
Or like if I single out one ethnic group and I said, well, these people be well, you know, that would make me a big it.
Like I said before, I like nice people. I know that sounds silly. I like nice people. I don't care if they're white, if they're black, if they're yellow, if they're, I don't give a crap what they are.
Nice people people who are like civilized people who are like a little bit considerate people who aren't dangerous, who aren't scumbags who aren't you know beating up on people who aren't murdering people. That's all the DNH crowd. Those are my people. They don't have to be brilliant. They don't have to be rocket scientists. But if they're nice people, those are my people.
People who are a pile of turd. Those are not my people.
And of course the more religious they are, the more intolerant they are. That's a given. That is a given. All these wonderful people tell you how wonderful they are and how I'm the center or you're the center and we're all going to be burning in hell and who are all sitting in judgment of us about how evil and terrible we are.
And it just, seriously, it makes my rectum quiver with excitement. When I hear how agitated some of these assholes get because they can't handle the truth. The truth is so obvious. The truth will set you free.
The truth is that when all this bull crap, all these bubble eyes, these start costing you money and when you put all your emotional involvement and a lot of lies that people tell you, it's a tremendous, not only is it divisive but it takes tremendous waste of energy and time.
Amen. How come we don't have the Pope interceding over there and you were slavvy, by the way? Those are Muslims. Oh, I forgot about that. How about a fake convert? How about if we give each one of them across?
Or a CD? How about Pope CD? Now see if they buy one. There you go. Okay. Excellent. We'll make him an offer they can't refuse.
I know the Lord even loves Neil Roger. If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD, your prayers have been answered. Now through a special arrangement with the Vatican, his holiness is back and he's singing better than ever.
The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord
the Lord, the Lord, the Lord and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the
You're helping them fool if you lose your shirt so come out and play bingo.
Bbbbbbbingo!
The 18th beat.
Oh, 69th.
Oh, I'm 22.
Wait a minute, she's 50th.
The whole thing, there's a bit of a malnourished special introductory price.
Get it and save yourself.
Five dollars per week.
That pub's pub's dope!
Yeah, it's not helping.
1046 at 560 WDQAM, 567-0560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Carl Springs. Hello.
Hey Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I was talking to one of my friends yesterday and this is sort of about Grethi, but he was saying,
why do you think to try and away that three-year waiting period for the whole thing?
And he's thinking that something's going to happen when we're like cancer or AIDS or something like that.
Something's going to happen with cancer or AIDS.
He thinks like Grethi's going to end up having cancer and that's why they're trying to away that.
But you're trying to get some mental help, okay, sir?
Come to get some mental help.
Oh my god.
567-0560.
See what I mean about the sports nerds?
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami B.
Chilla.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I think that Greth Coltex, that guy is a putt wacker.
Yeah.
Yeah, maybe I should be a fuck.
Maybe I get a contract.
You know, maybe in the National Fendling League.
Uh-huh. Well, go on and mug Greth Coltex and see what happens.
He would have right tomorrow.
567-0560.
Pound 560.
He's getting some real thoughtful stuff here today on why this show should be taken off the air immediately not sooner.
Come on.
Come on to your closets out there.
I know you're listening.
That's why I really have to laugh.
I think that guy that called last week, I think, was Friday.
About how well he doesn't believe the ratings on his show because there's all those guys lightin' the loafers out there who, you know, put it down even when they're not listening.
Right.
We got more closet listeners, but it's not the closet you're thinking of, pal, who would never admit in a million years that they listen to this show.
And every time, well, what are you listening for?
Oh, well, I was just, I was just dialing around.
Right.
I know that I'm always just dialing around.
I want to hear something that I don't like.
Instead of like turning to something else, I pick up my phone.
I listen for that phone number and I call and say, you've got to be out there.
I know I always do that.
Don't you?
Uh-huh.
Sure.
That's you, Merkin, effin' way.
There isn't a chance in 10 billion that those people are telling the truth.
Of course, those are usually the very good pious people, much better people than I am, obviously.
Who would never tell a lie unless they were alone or with somebody.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm the work of by the Proze Constable.
In a bookstore would be good.
You know, or in a bookstore.
I would hoard borders.
Any, any of them.
Okay.
Okay, I'm making a camera's quest.
Yeah.
My tooth.
Well, my, my don't smell too bad either, proud.
That's the thing, by the way.
That was beautiful.
Yes, sir.
You've got it, pal.
You've got.
Yeah, and don't feel too bad about it.
Don't take it personal, okay?
Don't take any crap off nobody.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Oh, that was so good that it gave me actually a hope for life.
I think that I might actually get up out of bed tomorrow morning.
That was beautiful.
Sir, God bless you.
That was great.
Here's Cutler Raid.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, these religious people.
All they are is scared of life and scared of dying.
Yeah.
Oh, they're scared of life too?
I know they're scared of dying, but they're also scared of life.
Yeah, they're scared of life.
They're, you know, they lose their job.
It's like, God will help me get another job.
God will help me do this.
So what are they scared about then?
If God's going to help them out?
Well, it's just a bunch of pussy.
Yeah.
Off a lot of pussy's out there, you know, pal?
Absolutely.
Everybody look.
Pussy here, pussy there, pussy, pussy everywhere.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Which of course makes you wonder how come there's all those guys on those
chat lines on the internet, you know?
Because no matter where you look, here's a mobile in Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, after looking back at the Panthers pathetic season.
Yeah, you're still looking back in.
Well, I'm not going to do it again, but I think I'm 10 point at the all-time low for the organization.
The organization, yes, sir?
The thin skined uptight organization?
Yeah, that was when Goldie got to do the play by play.
Yeah.
Sure did a lot better job than Christine and Moral.
I'll tell you that, sir.
And guess what?
Your suck-up attempt loses you wrong.
I think, Goldie, did a commendable job under impossible circumstances,
being called in up to last second, being called in cold.
Here we go.
You've got to do the game.
Christine has fell off the wing of the plane or something.
I think he did a commendable job from every I heard little clips of it.
I thought he did fine.
I mean, you know, his voice does add to take me, but nevertheless, I mean, you know,
see, I try to be fair.
I'm not just one of those people who wants to gang up on somebody because I don't like them or for whatever reason.
I don't dislike Goldie.
I just can't, I'd have that voice just the greats.
Plus he kisses too much ass.
But you know, something I shouldn't sing him out.
Like I said before, everybody on this, on the sports segment to the radio station,
everybody here.
Maybe with the exception of, yeah.
Man, it's all over.
He's got his, he does it too, every now and then.
Although, Volkamp, or now Volkamp, or let's be fair, he's the one who gives you a bunch of crap.
Nice go on, Kimba.
He's the one guy with the real parables, okay?
I guarantee you, Kim Volkamp, or don't shave his nuts.
Like Samson, you know, he got the haircut?
He got the Lila cut the hair short and all of a sudden he was impotent.
He couldn't even find any Viagra back then.
And it's the same thing that happens with these guys that shave their nuts.
They become, you know, like Joe Costello, good guy.
But their voice starts getting higher and higher, you know.
You keep shaving your nuts.
You know, he asked me that one day.
If he sounds like Goldie.
And I said, no, that was the day you were out sick and he was doing the show in there.
I said, no, you don't sound like Goldie.
Don't put yourself down like that.
You got a better voice than that.
But I noticed that day after day, Joe's voice keeps getting a little higher and higher and higher.
And if he keeps shaving his nuts, to satisfy that girlfriend of his,
he's going to wind up just like Samson.
You know what I mean?
Dead?
Well, yeah, he will eventually wind up dead too.
That's beside the point.
56670560, 0.560 in the mobile one line.
Of course, if you do accept Jesus.
Oh, yeah, you want everlasting life.
You have to accept Jesus.
Like that guy that called yesterday about heaven and about,
I kept asking him, what are you going to be doing there?
What are you going to find there?
Oh, well, a piece.
A piece and, yeah.
How about a piece in a box?
Huh?
It's like a porta potty.
A piece of it.
It's the Orogis new piece in a box.
You know?
Squirt squirt a look at the box that is made out of steriflome.
Don't leak.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
I was listening to you the other day,
and I shaved down there and my wife loves it.
Yeah, and I have a message.
Talk about impressionable and easy, yeah.
And my wife at the house of a match for Caesar.
Yeah, go ahead.
All you've got to do is get married and be responsible
at night for having a couple of kids.
You'll be all right.
Just like I did.
I used to be a back guy before what did you got to get married for I mean you vander holy molyfield
He's got 72 kids by 110 different women. Why why are you doing pretty good? I used to be a back guy
And yeah, you got married to have a couple of kids and now I'm okay. Okay. Thank you
Don't shave anymore. You'll be back out on the street again pal. Don't do it. How do you like that?
He shaved his balls because yo costello said to okay everybody out there on you guys out there shave your nuts
The women love it and now guarantee it be at least
2000 month there between now and tomorrow morning running out there to get their little little pink lady bick
567 0560 in that debilitary cream pound 560 on a mobile one line
Here's a lady in bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. See a Rochester, New York. Okay. My brother tells me that that's where you're originally from. Yes, ma'am
I want to tell you what you missed this one. Uh-huh. 42 inches of snow and two and a half days. Yeah
Are you glad you're here now? No. I am. I'm not
I'm not there. I'm out there in West Broward. I'm out there by the Everglades and I can't breathe anymore. The Everglades is on fire. I'm choking and gagging
It's better than being up there. No, I don't agree. No, no. You like Rochester? No, I like Toronto which is at least a great city. Rochester is okay. It's a
Hicktown. You know that's it's just a little Hicktown. When I lived there it was 300,000 people and I was still 300,000
And when I was in Canada when the York which is where I went to high school there were 10,000 people and there's still 10,000 people
I think the same 10,000 except me you know
It's a nice town canada. It's a nice town. It's 10,000 people. It's like a little spot. It's like a speck on the map
You know then. Yeah, but then you can avoid all those people that you don't like
No, the only problem is most of the people are there. You don't like that's the problem
Well, I just called to tell you that I'm enjoying the weather and I'm enjoying your show. Well, thank god for your sweetheart
Okay, she had done a bobs. Bye-bye and Cobb's Hill. Okay. Okay
Bye-bye. She says cut the crap. I'll resigood by. Okay, I'm sorry
Let's get the lilacs out and rochester. Let's talk about the good things in rochester. Don't have bobs
Vickiners the lilacs into the story. That's it
Anything else? Anything else good there? No
You know everybody likes to reminisce about where they're from just like George with his obsession with Cuba
You know he doesn't even remember Cuba. No, that's why reminisce about Montana. Well
Hey his army. What he used to be, you know
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the mobile one line. You were in Montana
I would all of the word get out about that. All the way San Francisco. See they can afford to have guys like Steve Young
You know they don't care. It's not bad for their image in fact probably helps attendance
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, I'm Gomi. Yes, sir. I got the perfect place for you to live in Holland
There's a city called Aurecdon. Yeah, and I will approve you
Right over the I'll fetch over the map on a high the city in Holland call Aurecdon. Yes, sir
I thought I was weekend. Yeah, but you got it out in there somewhere
What a language that is huh anyway
What piss me off on this port station or whatever they want to call it?
Yeah, you just don't know most of the time what I talk about they don't do the homework
A few people and they kiss too much. There's too many rubber skits on his station. They all suck about
Jimmy Jimmy that Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy. I'm sick in here. I have to have some fight you guys on here. I cut it like it is
The gangster coach. Exactly. Unbelievable. How can you have these people in your office?
It's a shame. Yeah, and there's eight million other guys out there in this guy
You know he's got to be the one guy sure everybody else up
Well, we might take some criticism, but we don't care. We never met a gangster. We didn't like so if this one
If this one gets off in in May and on his trial and if this one gets out of jail and if this one gets probation
We might be okay the gang's the team
Did you read the ball least a line? Well, if we win games who cares? Yeah, right?
What kind of attitude is that about a sport that's done with respect from what expect from a piece of pus like him anyway
Anyway, but I heard an interview the other day they were interviewing soccer players your roast is how how pretty looks and all that stuff
I mean if you want to do your job go do your homework first and then come on the radio please exactly
Otherwise, don't do don't do it. Just go go to the decided way and
Shave nuts out there. Okay, and you yeah go to Amsterdam and it's beautiful sunny and queen stays coming up the 30th of April never been there
I still have Easter baby talk about
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t world of slime. Any other band to Toronto boy. They get to realize city and they got this
Remember that call? I gave him every landmark. I gave him every street corner
I gave him every restaurant air be subway stop which by the way nice a strike. They're got up there now
And he still didn't get it
5 6 7 come on here's your chance to save us today to save us from a certain horrendous fate all your religious nuts up there
We know you're there. Don't just facts anonymously on a facts machine save us. Okay show us the real word the true the light in the way
So that we too can have eternal lasting peace
My
Hi kids y'all like cut little stinkers that's a little sound that comes right out your fingers
Want to copy me into exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about
My brains all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spice girl. I'm gonna fall on
Inducted Dreas you old man. You passed
No, what do I smell as man you look well since age 12 it seemed like I always smell that
Gripping gases and dootin was pretty swell. I got pissed off when I took my jeans off and fought it so hard
You turn my underwear backwards like you draw and every night I'm like long dinner and hat and fun out my ass
That's the bad bitch you ain't too bad smell this honey. Yo, wait a minute. That's my girl. I don't give a
God's happy to think the world up
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't is she to want to me kick down back in junior high said the problem was something called up my ass and die
I shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper
Walked in the strip club my testers will fill up moon the bartender took a dump on a tip curve
Went over to a dancer had a fucking regardless. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father
99 cent of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom got all gas and I do
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper
Like a rapper about strange noise made on the crap
You know you was dirt when the women rush to leave you drive the whole to back
But she wasn't even released
This guy or watch out for the set up was pretty cool
But I had to go go drop the kids off and move
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it
1104-560-QM next time you're the crowded elevator you're standing behind somebody online at the supermarket
And somebody
Cuts a real bad when your eyes start watering ask yourself is there a god and I guarantee you'll say no no way Jose
Just think of the this is the classic example for those people who insist on his God will crap and won't let it go
Like little children who refuse to let go of Santa Claus
How old you have to get to the leko sandy clause, huh?
And the two fairy and all those other furries
Just stop and think about human excrement. Okay about the elimination
And think was there a being with their a knowledgeable brilliant to wise being who invented this of course not crazy
Next time you're sitting there just groaning and just twisting on a throne praying and hoping something might happen
Just stop and think about that constipation diarrhea hemorrhoids that smell all these things
There the answers you're looking for you don't have to read no stupid book written by a bunch of barbarians thousands of years ago
Just uh, you know open up your eyes in your ears and your nostrils especially
The answers are right there for you to
sniff out
567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and hi alia. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir
I had two things real quick. Yes. Number one when I first started listening to you. Yes
I started listening to because someone had said how you know rude you weren't everything else was like
All right, this is my kind of guy. So I started listening to you and I realized that you're not as bad as people said in fact
I think you're intelligent and you make smart comments. Yes, I do
Some people might take them the wrong way and for the second thing is I myself and like
semi religious spiritual person and I don't see anything wrong with anything that you say because that's your
personal thing that you're doing it's it's not affecting my
spirituality way. Hey you look I always say you can believe any furry tales you want. It's fun with me
Exactly, right and it's my choice to do what I want and why should anyone care what you do exactly that
That's the point if you DNH if you do no harm you don't harm anybody else
Why do we have all these nosy people trying to tell you what to believe and how to live your life and where to stick your finger and all
This other cool who the hell's businesses and we got a bunch of Yentos out there
It's running out to watch the fires burning in the Everglades man. They have no life
They have to go out and stick in those in a bunch of crap. Yeah, let's get smoke inhalation and die
There you go. Let's see where God is then. Yeah
All you pregnant women out there be sure and go and sit out there with your windows rolled down in the Everglades
And then watch in the fires out there to make sure your babies can get whatever they're gonna get
Yeah, take a big take a big
In hell of that and see if you don't blow out something take a big whiff right at this
All right, God bless you here have a great life. There you go. There's a reasonable guy
He don't agree with me and I'm not gonna convert the world here sitting on some stupid dumb radio station in Miami
But I'm gonna express my opinion God damn it
You know what I'm saying? Oh, it's blasphemous. You ought to be seeing the intolerant assholes and it's interesting to me
Interesting to me all these years. I've been on ear in this town
Even the orthodox user they try to get me off the ear
No, no wrong finger
The Mormons they try to give the show off. No
Christian oh yeah Catholic church first and then of course we've got the Christian coalition and we got that lunatic over there in Tampa and
Yadiotic and guess what here I still am stronger and better than ever
We got spots up the old record so we got and of course they would never lie to anybody so they put out these newsletters
Oh 90 they sent them to our sponsors being so stupid they don't realize that we're gonna get copies of letters from our good friends and sponsors
Over 90% of the people we've contacted cancel their advertising on the near Rogers show right
Like one one ever in all the years one one one
In fact, I'll tell you what it was video professor, which I didn't even want to do their spot from some out of town agency
Got a letter or phone call what if oh, we don't want to be associated with that great fine
It's that you're off the air
And that was the end of that so these people would never lie would they yeah you better your sweet ass they do like Jim Baker lies
Jim swaggered lies like all of these the bigger like I said the bigger the legionist they are just like that anti-Semite and got a humble fold
Our good friend up there in Fort Lauderdale
Liberty
Yes, good guess I was getting to it
Every Sunday morning I got to turn you know channel seven
Maybe they're trying to repent for the evil that they do all week long with a hyperventilating hysterical news they do during the week
Or they rake it in the cash on the Sunday morning or what they got Dr. Jim Kennedy on there with that big
crowd of lunatics he's got they got the crystal cathedral there with Reverend Schule around there in California with all those thousands and thousands and thousands of idiots in there
But they're singing in their bandit but it will end up repeating all the crap
They were really pissed when Marvin Gaye got the
Thank you for if there he was just about said for the next concert out there they were ricking in the big bucks
Not paying any taxes on it till they got caught by the RIR and FNS
Yeah, they would never cheat the IRS would they?
Ah, shietta before I beat the crap out of you judge Judy you know
She's tough
If I want any more lip-out of you mister
I'll scrape it off my gavill when I smack you in the mouth you know she's home's fun look
Don't pee on my leg and tell me this right now judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all new prime time special
Unpossed the attorney general of the great fitted sexist is allowing death row inmates to have their final appeals heard on TV before
In a
You'll see a charge do what if I could just count fertilize ability you you must be crazy if you think I'm gonna
Buy that world of crap. I said since you could death by the electric chair
You're sitting in now and he lasts words before a light-jump on national TV. Can I get a cigarette any now?
Throwing an out
That's justice death row judge Judy style and I can't
Fine
It's 1114 at 560 Q. You know who died the other day and I forgot to mention yesterday grandma from the Walons
What's her name Ellen Corbin something like that grandma she's dead. Oh
Won't you hear no more won't you see that John Boyne? What if you ever got rid of that bad mole? No
567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
One thing about it when they stick you in that hole
It makes no difference if you got a bad mole
That's what I always said about this thing over my eyebrow that you get so psychotic about doesn't bother me
It's gonna start bleeding at these seconds. Okay
More look as bad as Greg reads a rectum purple ass that we had to see yesterday that that was just
That's the only word I can think of to describe it
General manager bears his ass for us to see now. Did you hear the story of how he got the cracked coxus
About something with a swimming pool and his kids in the pool and he tried to like yeah something up here
It's a long and he called the rat huh
It involved a rat and a paintball gun and the swimming pool a rat a rat. Oh, I didn't hear that part. Oh, I'll tell you up here. Oh, okay
He put a rat in his rectum. Wow. I always thought he looked a little like Richard gear
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil same haircut. Yes. Oh, I want to tell you something
I'm in I go to FIU and I'll leave
chronic five six seven oh five sixty pound how many words to that last today sir? What a little trifective of losers your people five six seven oh five sixty
We got four hundred open lines here today
I'm smoldering on this and baby the show is smoking on this and and it's a dead end out there as usual in this town a dead end on this freaking phone
Two stinking lines lit up on the board and even the little punks are getting into the little hulios that are you know
Evidently got their fingers out of each other rectum for a couple of minutes anyway to dial a phone
five six seven oh five sixty speak now or forever hold your own okay
We're inviting we're giving you the opportunity of a lifetime today to tell us why this show should be removed from the year
Immediately if not sooner and they still can't do it. We know you're out there. You're not fooling anybody
Everybody in America knows you're out there
closet crowd
Here's South Miami. Hello
Okay, sir
um, Mike
You were talking about these TV preachers and my brother set up concerts in in Tampa. Yeah, and uh he had Jimmy Swagger
He was working Jimmy Swagger and that guy had working Jimmy Swagger. Yeah, yeah, the hand of his mouth
Oh, he was I don't know
But he had Jimmy Swagger had had a had a had a list or had like a book where people could find a way their life savings to him when they died
Yeah, and this guy had about
15 20,000 people signed their life savings away, too. I
Love it. That's a good scam. I know how am I gonna get that going?
I don't know, but um, what you were talking about when they go in a hole
I
I remember remember earnest easily. Yeah, I woke up one time in the TV. Maybe say baby
I hear this guy saying it's a bad way he has you saying if you send a few dollars, why that's nice
But if you want to save your soul, you got to send the roles. That's right. There you go. I love it
And so I'm a songwriter and it's fired me to write a song called the Savior Hole
Yeah, and I would like to email it to you. I love it to use it because you said you can get me an address
You go like to email it to us or or however I could get it to you. How are you gonna email us a song?
Well, I can just email the file and it's I got it on
Oh, we know we can't we we're not that we don't have no pewter here. Oh, we have not to download it on
All right, well, how about a cassette would be simple George. You give me the address. Okay. That would be good
Thank you, sir. All right, and watch your soul and your whole
Hang on. Okay line six there take that whole that guy. Give him the whole address
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Speaking of that downloading stuff from computers. I'll get to that. I don't want to do computer talk
I gave Rick and suds another chance this morning
For about two minutes and then Rick started with that computer stuff. Yeah, man. Oh, yeah
It's either the stock market or the computer thing or the computer thing or the stock market
And I wish those guys nothing but the best because I'd love to see them give our guys a run for the money to try to get these guys to push that show up a little bit
with a ten minutes an hour that they got to speak
but
Within a couple of minutes he started with a computer stuff and but I need about a loop and next of ram and make green and ram it up your ass
And I said oh no, I'm the god damn it. I'm out of here. Yeah, I couldn't stand it
You know
same old stuff the same crap that I heard a million times and I wouldn't mind if it would be interesting crap see
I do a lot of the same crap too naturally when you do eight million shows a year, but it's not interesting crap
I don't want to be talking to me about their god damn computer. What do I care? It's boring
boring and like I said the people in those chat rooms man. They need mental help
They need siric like when we had that website man
There was a that was a lesson in life for me which I'll never forget
What a bunch of sickies on here and of course all of the messages back and forth
99% of them had nothing to do with this show. It was like they were shouting at each other. You know over their computer
Little people with no lives playing with each other on their computer. See if I'm gonna play with somebody
I'd rather do it in person not on a computer
Christ
God is that said one of you know, maybe it's a good thing
Maybe it's an outlet for a lot of people. Otherwise could be very very dangerous. You know I'm talking about
Yes, keeps them at home right exactly and like locked in a little room with the door. I'm sure
Shitley taught from the inside
I think I had a great the expression that he used the other day they were talking about the the sheets that they put out of the racetrack
You know all those sheets that supposedly give you all the
Inside info and he said say referred to somebody said oh yeah, he's a sheethead
I thought that's a great line. How can I never use that yet? Thank you. Hi, I'm Humber
Sheethead
We had a lot of sheet heads out there in this audience. I'll tell you that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t
Wireless line now if somebody's like from Pakistan. Does that make him a sheethead? Uh-huh
They're nice people of Pakistani
Until I get the bomb. Here's a mobile and Naples. Hello
Neil yes, sir and we use our great good. Let's talk about flyers leaf series
All the inquire flyers get their wish. Yeah, uh, I like you like flyers or like Toronto in this series
What does that mean do I like the flyers that I like Toronto? What is it? Is this is this like a gambling question?
No, no, I'm just gonna got a trial a Toronto fan for forty dollars. Who do I like?
Let's be realistic though that Toronto doesn't light up the eastern conference by anyway
Either under 500 against eastern conference. Sir, let me tell you this so I like the flyers
The last two and a half and drop
And you want to have a conversation. You just want to tell me you like the flyers bye-bye
bye-bye
bye-bye
asshole and a typical flyer fan
I hope the Leafs score 15 goals a game and you get like 15 in the whole four games, which is all it will take
Now I'd like I said I hope you get eight
five six seven eight by a giant
Tupacabra
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty under 18 T wireless line
Yeah, you got that great goal tending to by the way, huh?
Yeah, the geese are in the hex ball couldn't stop a bowling ball from three feet away
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hello, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir
This might be some interesting crap
Uh, I'm not gonna be more interesting than this last guy. Yeah, and that's a great honking call
It was like oh, you don't want to have a conversation, you know, yes, me. Oh, I like it and rub it
You know
My team's better than your team, you know, that crap. That overgrown child. He called to hear himself talk right
Um, and somebody out in your audience has got to know something about no nobody in my audience
But you know, you got some suits out there that might that might have an ankle and it might make up an answer
Yeah, I just started to eat like real healthy for health reasons
By the way, I want to say hello to space man out there who seems to hear me every time I call you
Which is like three times a year. Hello space man. Yeah, life. Yeah, it's gonna be a true call if you keep doing that though
Let's not digress. Let's keep going right down the old railroad track. I started eating spinach. Yeah
And what I did was I started buying that jet wash that jet washed bag of spinach ready to eat and
I throw it into a ball stick into microwave and it reduces down to like nothing and it's really good tastes great
And when I'm sun eating it
My teeth maybe you have a flyer fan back on go ahead. Sorry my teeth feel like they've been
Cleaning to the dentist off. Yeah, what's with that? What the hell is in spinach that when you eat a bunch of spinach
It's got something in it that just strips all the crap off your teeth. I don't know when you're done eating it all of a sudden your teeth feel like they are
Clean I don't know I don't either
I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know well like you said maybe we'll find out or maybe not that would be okay too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 key wireless line. Let's get back to the meat of the matter okay
Let's get back to the national felon league
Let's get back to save a meal from that eternal burning in hell and George too while you're at it kill two turds with one stone
I
Don't know who keeps sending faxes on our fax machine for Hank and the sports people
They're never going to see him because they go right in the circular file
Oh, look at this from dr. Mark Laporta type 2 diabetes patients research study
Bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap
We'd like to offer you a $50 for patient who refers and qualifies and participates in the study
They must all live in date county do I live in date county
Sorry
I don't know what that means why did he faxes me? I don't get it
Maybe he's looking for type 2 diabetic patients birthday
And if so he should tell me so and I'd be more than happy to put it on the air
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 key wireless line as we're searching
It's a dead crowd today boy better an adorniel
Should never start it out with the truth always lied to him a lot always lie
Should never start it out with that true stuff about the national felon league and that awful article by Greg Cotex
Which as usual didn't really say anything start out saying one thing and they turns right around and you know
Takes a whole other avenue
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello Ray Whitney has a big. Yeah, huh. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
I don't know who the big alluses are the people going out to the Everglades to watch the fire or the caller the drapniks
Yeah, you know listen to the
Drap they're watching on TV. I don't know who well. I thought it's all over last time. I checked, you know, hey Neil
Yeah, can you play a jelly roll? Okay, let's go to a four-letter deal. Hello
Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir? I know they've been Greg Cotex and Greg and Dan LeBaster what a sports column
Yeah, they sure got some great people on that staff of the Earl Berry Jackass, Dan LeBaster, Greg Cotex, any the Pope
Who finally wrote a good column the other day by the way for the first time in his life about the seasonal Collins thing nice going any the Pope
Did you ever hear LeBaster on the Sunday morning? No, no, so bad
Anyway, I think the Bruins have a pretty good chance to use to it rather hot
I will say that they're very hot right now
I didn't think so but after watching the last couple weeks their hot as a pistol. Yeah, why is it you think?
What is it that makes you sure you're such a good team?
It seems to every year it's like a talent. It's called great gold tending very good defense
And it's called talent and they're not playing that coma trap stuff that they used to play
Robbie Fatorik's got to play in real great hockey. They score a lot of goals
They got a lot of legitimate goal scores on the team. They got a lot of they brought a lot of good
Outstanding young players up in that organization and that's why they keep getting better and better
He's a good coach. I like the player. Yeah, I like the good job there. They're gonna be dangerous
They're gonna be real tough. I think they'll knock the penguins off for straight myself. I think they will
I think they come down to them in the Bruins be good
Okay, thanks
Nobody likes to leave, so that's okay. You'll be surprised we're gonna score 15 goals a game. Well you fudge back in premium beer
You've down to red dog you chugged a red wolf
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock
Redcocks foamy head will leave you breathless
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock
You can shake it and spray it all over
Remember you can't beat a red cock
Just look for the label with a big red packer on the front
Yeah, Brian Edwards the channel 70s to tell us that was his favorite brand too. It's 1131 at 560 WQAM
We have 200 open lines 5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got Hank Goldberg from Louisville
They're having a big draw up there for the Kentucky Derby one of our rubber stamps Hank Goldberg
And then we got Jim Maddog managed at 6 9.50. We got the Marlins and the Giants from the West Coast any uh, okay
Here's a mobile and sunrise hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you feeling sir? Okay
You know what's wrong with this place I lived there over 28 years and what is that sir? I'm sorry. What is that?
Oh, well, you know your collars are crap to play sucks. Yeah, you know, I feel sorry for you the sports teams down here are crap
Yeah, the newspapers are crap right the new stations Rick Sanchez and Cinnamon Stoper crap. Yeah
Everything's crap. That's I feel sorry for you in your station that people that call up your idiots. No kidding goodbye. Okay, goodbye
Goodbye
Do I agree with everything you said yeah, five we're waiting for some good calls. I mean we got several hundred open lines there right now
If you got anything to say about anything in the world we're waiting on you
You got some message from God from Jesus. We want to hear it now. Is it too late for us to uh, can you get in the way?
No, no never too late
Long as you got that last gas that last a bit of breath before your passes. Hopefully through your mouth
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
See, they're just not in the mood to save us today. Yes today
I really don't know what's sparked before all of a sudden maybe with the fire in the Everglades
But all of a sudden these people got off their dead ass and they were like uh hysterical
With the religious crap they wanted to save me and save Georgian save everybody to save your soul
Save your soul for uh the future life because boy. It's gonna be a long trek to get to heaven
Here's a mobile in uh Miami lakes. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
Uh, are you aware of what Cecil Collins did the details? I read the whole rap she yesterday on here
I don't have it here in front of me today, but I had it yesterday. Yes
Uh, I don't know if they felt off the LSU campus. He was deemed to be so dangerous that he was kicked off campus
Not just kicked out of school and off the team but kicked off campus
Well the papers here are kind of uh downplay
Wanted the detail. Yes. Uh, what he did was he sexually assaulted a 17 year old girl
Uh, he broke into a apartment right to him not one but two
Yeah, and then after they caught him for that uh, he was out on bond
He went and did it again like two or three weeks later. Right. Have uh have you heard him talk? No
Well, he uh, he's about one step away from uh
Oh, no, yeah, I mean I'm from absolute total illiteracy. Is that what you're saying?
Well, what does that number stop us from admiring all these goons, huh? That was with the G
I think maybe they got a payment bananas
Okay
Okay, listen, we'll send the a sheets over for the big rally this weekend sir. They just been firstly washed
Maybe he can hang out in the hood is that in the hood or with the hood?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Was that a racist remark I just heard? Uh-huh
No, that wasn't was we think that might have been
5 6 7 0 5 60 I'm just gonna keep repeating the numbers
We got plenty of calls on there, but I figure if I give the numbers all off and enough and long enough somebody really brilliant
We'll call in my favorite call of the year so far with that guy that wanted to hear the uh my ainess
Which I had a dumped party said but he said my ainess smells really
Something nice going sir. You made my day you put a little smile on my old aging push
God bless you and your kind here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yeah, that patty wagon out front of the office cap. Is that something new? No, that's a permanent now
That's never gonna leave. It's a it's got to be evolving door. Just kind of like our sales department
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. See this is the best they can come up with they don't care
They don't care. Don't pee on their parade like judge Judy says don't pee on our parade and call it a rainstorm
Because we're having a we be having a good time. We want a ween. We want a ween. We're gonna go out there
We're gonna support our team. We want a ween
I hate to say it but boy you are right. You're in this whole thing this whole as much as I love my hockey
And it's add you know something I don't even love my hockey. I love my Toronto Maple Leafs. It's in my blood
I can't I you know if they fold it up there team tomorrow
I'd never watch another hockey game
I hate to say that with all the respect to my Panther friends if I have any left but I doubt
But you know, that is whole thing is just it's become sick. It's become nauseating
It's become disgusting and grotesque
It's not fun anymore. Not only is it all business, but it is a corrupt bankrupt business
From the Mike Tyson crap and you know all you jackasses all you jocs nippers out there all you're real macho guys
You can't wait to get ripped off another 50 or 60 bucks. Whatever the hell they finally let his big dumb ass out of jail
You just can't wait for another bum of the month fight so you can bitch about it. Oh gee. We was robbed again
Like a disease. No, it's an addiction. They're addicted to crap
The guy to call me for sir. You are absolutely correct. There are a lot of these people who are addicted to that's right
Is their life
So thank god that we look forward to going to heaven and meeting St. Peter
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, namp. What if that's St. Peter North. Yes sir
These uh these drug tests in the in the major leagues in the NFL
They're not really to determine who's doing pod or marijuana and who's not there
Just a term who's smarter not because if you can't pass a drug test
There's so many ways to mask it so many ways for 20 bucks
You can go out and buy a little bottle and take it before you get a little wild. Yeah
So why wouldn't you just take it and just for them to think that guy's like Randy Moss are reformed
They're just covering it up better. These guys don't get reform. I'll look at that
I work out in the office where we go to shirt and pie every day and I say
Uh estimate 50% of the people that are smoking pot and we take drugs that's just they're smart enough to go to that
Who cares about people smoking pot?
You know something any government that is that's that repressive that's that's fascistic
That's trying to tell people they can't smoke a little weed those people deserve to be cheated
Exactly right in fact, I'm gonna leave a crusade and i would fact we're gonna give we're gonna start a primal on this show all the different ways to mask the
Emerald you we need in your system
It's simple simple now you used that to drink a gallon now you just have to drink
16 ounces in fact the best way to do it is smoke a regano for a month first tabitrate day sir
All right god bless you. I learned that in Italy. They love their oregano
No, the pope told me it was a regano anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five they put a regano everything into pasta and the brownies and everything
Lot of brownie hounds over there in Rome
Most of them are Vatican out of come on that old material you're using your own material
That's bad let somebody else steal it first let cast your Nova seal it and then the recycle it you can have it back again
Okay, okay, I
Wouldn't be surprised pretty soon. He's gonna start playing no. Yeah, that'll be on that show pretty soon right no
22 till noon at 5 60 W Q a M the home of the free the land of the grave
That's off order for you baby the land of the grave where even the dead people aren't allowed to have a good time
We won't even let the dead people rest in peace
We go and we dance on their grave just to disturb them as much as we can because we're a bunch of shot disturbers here
That's right or a bunch of the stirbers
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Okay
So
Trying to conACE us
With a big track tuned
Tudo my new Manchester
I'm saving
What a miracle dude
Powering sake
Oh
Do happen
Chivalse mÃ¥ling
He's out there
If I wanna get sucked, I gotta skate by nut
Why can't they find us?
But as well, she's hell is hell
In a place that's forced
I can't make it on and off
Oh right
I can get it, yeah, no, no
I really have no choice
If I want to get laid
By fact, girl
I have to pay the rent through the hair
As far as I'm from here, swear
And if I'm on a guess-up
I promise, hey, mind us
Use a mountain gel
Speaking of nuts, by the way, our full question today is
Why do they call Brazil nuts?
We're not, what?
I haven't even said it yet
You're already giving me a look
You know what they call Brazil nuts?
Why do they do that?
What does that mean?
Why do they call Brazil nuts?
Nigger toes, what does that mean?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Huh?
I mean, what kind of nuts do they call like honky toes?
Or a spict toes?
Huh?
We've never heard of a Jew knows
But I never heard of Jew toes
Do you know what it's?
We got 4,200 open lines all over the state
Baby 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless
We're looking for our second good call of the day
After that request
For my English smells like
Here's a four-letter deal
Hello
I'm so nervous
Here's Miami, hello
Miami
Hello
Yes sir
Yes
There
Get near the phone
Somewhere within 10 feet would be good
Okay, listen
Have a good, you know what?
Last week, I'll do one
What's his name?
What's his name?
Hank, Hank Aaron
Remember when he hit that
And he hit a 50-year-old run?
Then when he hit a big deal about that?
Last week, Hank Aaron to the home run?
What?
You know, when they were making the anniversary
25th anniversary, right?
I don't think it
When I was about 14, I was watching this
I had the sports page
I was watching all this stuff
And I was really into baseball
That was baseball
Now I'm thinking, why is this guy
For the more, there's this owner
Asking to keep it a bite ticket
When they make the state of the game
What do you mean by this?
He asked him to buy tickets
Because he just bought the team
And he's trying not to lose more than 10 million this year
That's why
What do you want him to do?
Come on here and say
Please don't buy any tickets
The team sucks
What do you want him to do?
He's getting to the corporate people
So why don't he just go to the corporate people
And quit asking the people for money?
I went to a hockey game in December
I was giving the tickets
And I wanted my money back
Yeah
I kept ice cream that about 50 times this last year
And we only had 41 home games
And I was there about 35
But I kept saying
After the second period, most of the games
I'd be screaming
Refond, refund
And then this morning in the newspaper
Scott Melon would be trying to say
Oh, well, it wasn't all bad this season
Right Scott
You're a good guy Scott
I like you but let's get serious
Okay, just like the team didn't choke
And Barry got hurt in a Colorado game
Right, it had nothing to do with it
You're a great guy Scott
But you're in total denial
You're full of crap
Like that whole organization
Thin skined uptight
Just can't tell the truth because
It would be, you know
It's the fifth amendment kind of thing
And we tend to incriminate them
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60
See, I have left these people behind
You notice now I say
I finally feel great
I was sick for three months
Then everything was, you know, we were more in the concert with each other
I was crappy, they were crappy
But now I've like, we're a risen from the dead
Even without Jesus
Thanks to like, Medicare, unmedicating myself
Not medicating, but unmedicating
Getting off that,ravacal, getting off that awful hydrochlorothyazide
I feel great
My weight ain't going down
It's been the same
My blood sugar is great
My blood pressure is great
I feel great
I feel so good
It's almost time for vacation I think
That's how I feel
I timed it that way
What's the sense of feeling good when you're working, you know?
But when you go on vacation, you don't want to feel like crap
That's when you want to feel good
So you can enjoy your vacation
Then you come back here
And as soon as you get off the plane
And say, oh I'm back here again
Then you start feeling crappy again
I've left these people in the wake
Boy, and it really shows too, man
It really shows
This is like two different shows
It's like two bad ones out of the FM
We could do it in stereo
Here's a need a lot of one speaker
On the left, no doubt
And here are the callers
Out of some other speaker
As it left behind
As like trying to catch you
I'm trying to figure out what's going on here
That's what's wrong with this town
We got too many dollars and slackards
That's the problem
Here's a mobile in the keys
Let's see if there's any hope for them
Hello
Mobile in the keys
Hey, hey, Dale
Yes sir
I'm a driving event with a bunch of high school students
I want to thank you
Have turned their lives around
From listening to you
Excellent
And there's another thing too
What are you some kind of a childmaster marker one?
No, another child
No, another priest are you marking?
I want to ask you to come to school
I hear no kids laughing in the background
Tell them to put their clothes back on mark
No, no, they're fine
I got trouble putting it
Listen to you on the internet
It's still, I got reprimanded for listening to you
Why is that?
Well, I was a guest when Jerry Paul got off on Barney
And he said a few things
Principal walks by
He can't condone that kind of life
Jerry Paul will I hear he's got a blow up bar
I hear he's got a blow up Barney Dal at home
Is what I hear
Well, I'm sure he does
I hear he's doing Barney
And then the audience the other way around
And the other thing to call about the common is
The last time I was here
I remember the game against the Lili Islanders
And we went to
And when Whitney had a fast break
Go and he scored
And you probably don't remember
But everybody was just
I don't know, eating cheese
Or getting a whack off their neighbor
I don't know
He had a fast break
Yeah, it was a fast break and he scored
And it's a basketball game or a hockey game
This is our hockey game
You better tell those kids in the car to teach you a little bit about
Where the club goes
Okay, Mark, I think you better
I think you're a little bit behind
That way
Okay, your phone's breaking up
And give all your up
And you're going to be good to kiss for us, okay?
There's Mark who is a child molester in the keys
567-0560, 05-560 on the AT&T wireless line
I think he's one of those Sunday school teachers, you know?
There's no facts in the church
Oh yeah, right, tell us another good one
Father Tool
567-0560, 05-5
I wonder if father tools related to father's tool
You think there might be a chance?
Uh-huh
Here's a mobile invokeer, hello
Yes, not enough live dead
567-0560, what was that?
I mean, did I miss something there?
Not enough live dead
Meaning... meaning it's grateful dead
And I'm supposed to understand that
From some dead head, from some asshole
It's got a jury Garcia blow up doll
And the guy's been dead for like years now
Pathetic
Maybe he's just got the body in the living room
567-0560, by the way, take those ties off
Two people are starting to laugh you, Jackass
Here's a mobile invoker, hello
Hello, I'm Mr. Rogers
Yes sir, speaking
Hello, sir
Yes sir
Yes, you never touched by the hands of God
What is it?
You never been touched by the hands of God
I've been touched by some hands, but I thought we're God like yes
Yeah, me neither, buddy
Yeah
Bro, the only...
Oh, oh, oh, oh, he's looking for it, man
He's looking hard and long
Well, at least a hard part, I'm not so sure about the long part
He said that's the shortened long of it
And he's got at least half of that
567-0560, POM-560 on the AT&T wireless one
Come on, where's all the God freaks today?
When you want him to call in, they won't call
When you don't want him like yesterday
They come out of the woodwork like a bunch of maggots
Rhymes with, that's right
Let me tell you right now the one that like it says in the Bible the one that points the finger and says there is the fact over there
He's the fact that's what it says like in in the doodaronomy doesn't say that in there in duty on me. Yeah
Doodaronomy my ass
All this silly silly stuff you see I finally I they're speechless. I feel like I accomplished it. Maybe I did it
I was an hour or two yesterday. They got no comeback. They're out there
They got no comeback to try to justify all this horse manure. Oh, but we're going to heaven
We're you're not going to heaven. You're going into a box into the ground and then you get peace
Then you get relief from all this crap. That's right. Then you get your peace not in heaven
Of course most of us we're still looking to get a piece every now and then of something
Like that guy that just called he wants a piece bad
Crazy people when are you gonna finally say to yourself my parents lied?
It's a big corrupt business. It's a bunch of crap. It's a bunch of stupidity
Speaking of crap. Let me say it again next time you take a good one
Just put your just get down on your hands and knees and put your head on the bowl and take a good sniff
If you can possibly do that which I don't but just do it. It's say good God. What kind of God will create that?
And all these diseases and all these vermin and all these
bacteria and all of these things
What kind of God invented all of these things that's my question and we can't get an answer out of these bastards because all they do
You know what they do they quote scripture but it'd be better move
But about you're like a bunch of all comatons you like a bunch of quizlings
You know something I'm gonna take back and you're not like a bunch of sheep because a sheep at least is like you know
A decent animal it just stands there you shave the wall off it
Hopes you don't kill it and then that's it. It has a sheepish grin on its place and it goes out what it's like
Mind its own business a sheep anybody ever get hurt by a sheep no
Unless of course they were trying to do something the sheep and it was trying to protect itself
Would you wouldn't surprise me with this crowd?
Every time to those stories about Michigan State when we used to have those by the one of them
Yeah, there was sheep across from each y'all hauling those days. They didn't have that planetarium like they got now
They used to have like barnyard animals over there
By the way, we get our water or what is that what I'm in here?
I know that I'm just trying to warm in a plug for the Collagen man again
Well anytime just like my friends at the Sawgrass public say yesterday
I went in their last night to pick up a couple of things and a young guy who's the manager out there
Which I'll find his name someday plus my friend Frankie was there but the manager is this thanks for the kind words on the air today
See people are nice people appreciate when you say something nice
Everyone loves this water cooler by the way and everybody loves the water cooler
How many people remember here and use it which is great wait a minute the power 96 people are nice people who
The one for the one. Yeah, oh and mark
Mark Mosley
Mark Mosley along with it. Do you trace me? I don't know who that is. Oh
They're nice black
She is not she's why okay she can drink the water
Now see that's just a joke right away. We're gonna get so far dark and collected for oh see
We know is right you can drink out of the water. He can't drink from the same fountain now not from the same cooler
Thanks a lot my friend our color
Commanders left. We're out of the water see I come on here this morning. That's how you get results
That's how you move mountains, baby you come on and you say we need it
We want and they say here it is and thank you and we love each other just like it my public's out there at the song
Right so I love those people they love me. I love them
I was thinking when I left there last night, you know when they hire people in that store
They must hire people not just to our qualified and bright and like hardworking
But they must also like a lot of the way to interview people so they hire nice people that we're care about treating the
Customers well, which is what you want when you go to any kind of a retail establishment
Not a bunch of slackards who stand behind a counter and like you're interrupting their conversation, you know and they look at you
And ask them a question they go yeah, like that
Yeah
That I can't handle you know, I don't want to mention no particular supermarket which you know over there on Broadway
I don't want to mention the name, which it's not a public so you figure out for yourself
I don't like that other chain
I'm sure they advertise on our ball games. Somewhere so I'm not going to mention what it is, you know, but
Every time I think of my song keeps going through mine
When any money to track lily, I'm sorry
Yeah, I don't want to mention their name on here. I don't like most of their stores. I don't know what it is
Maybe some how you doing there with my friend Carlos great guy never stole a freight train
Had that hair tied in kind of a tight bun to that, notice?
You see that?
Yeah, it is beard too.
Here's a mobile in a halendale, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Yeah, I'm in Halendale.
Well, that's your problem, pal.
Placing sort of live dead.
Oh.
Hey, you got to revive that whole thing.
Resure that the whole halendale thing you used to do back in the 80s.
Okay.
It's time to bring that whole thing down.
Time for the younger generation now, the ones in their 90s to get into wood, right?
I do want the seniors on a daily basis and my business.
God bless you, sir.
Oh my God.
Wow.
It's a nightmare, but I really appreciate that whole thing you did last time when it was
fun.
It was good.
Let's get them again.
Let's get that done.
That's the whole problem with the state is all the old parts down there.
Yeah, and that RJ Intendola with his outhouse.
He turned our whole city into an outhouse, an outdoor in a house outhouse.
And Anus outhouse?
Good luck to you, sir.
He smells like roses.
Oh, right.
You are not just falling.
Dispaceful.
The dolphins are cursing and man, it's distracible because Brian Cox and the rest of them
are saying, I'm not f**king fake my f**king guy.
You mother f**king.
Words of love they toss in the microphone, the jump button just can't seem to be left
alone in all of this is because they like saying, so hard f**king, with my f**king
guy, you mother f**king.
Oh, but they play football badly.
I'm so bad.
How did the Patriots kick their ass?
What the f**k?
Well, they make it to the Super Bowl.
But with an attitude as bad as their, if tossing our hopes down the stair.
Oh, man.
I'm not just falling.
Dispaceful.
The dolphins are cursing and man, it's distracible because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying
I'm not f**king fake my f**king guy.
Yes, they're saying.
I'm not f**king fake my f**king.
Oh, they're saying.
I'm not f**king fake my f**king.
I'm not f**king fake my f**king.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
I think about Jimmy.
Really, Prince of Luke was really.
I think about Jimmy.
I don't understand his skills.
Has his102 says something worth..
that are being slaughtered.
You know, it's interesting we got some of these idiots saying, oh, it's not genocide,
but of course the fact that we got all these mass graves that they're finding now with
all these thousands and thousands of bodies in them, well, it's not genocide.
It's just, you know, maybe we're back to ethnic cleansing again, you know.
I agree with you 100%.
I think you get your peace and quiet once you have gone and gone down six feet under,
and you don't have to deal with all this crap.
And as far as that, and Tobias Collar just a little bit earlier, if you let me kneel,
I would just like to say that the next time I take a dump personally, I'm going to be
thinking about him.
Okay, no maple leafs.
Okay, super.
Yeah, he was like most people from Philadelphia, you know, their sports fans,
obnoxious, disgusting, rowdy, two faced.
I mean, the New York sports fans are pretty bad, you know, in fact, all the way,
I did love him.
They had the big ceremony for Gretsky the other day, and when they introduced Gary Bedman
and Neil Smith, both of them, they boot him like crazy.
And that was, that was a sitting ovation.
Nice going, but the Philadelphia fans, they're just obnoxious.
They're animals.
5, 6, 7 over the exception of my good friend, who's probably not in town anymore.
Anyway, we're on 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, you follow that?
Am I going too fast?
I think that's the problem.
5, 2, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We got 42 open lines here, and we got another 40 hour and 40 minutes to kill until
Hank comes on our rubber stamp from Louisville.
I'm going to start call all these guys on the station to rubber stamps.
That's what they are.
Hey, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, come on, bend down.
You see, if Jimmy would do what General Manager did yesterday and then he'd drop his pants,
they'd all look his ass.
Oh, I'm purple or not.
They would look in the rectum.
I mean, like as long as he liked it, till he said stop, I can't handle it.
No mole.
Here's a mobile and Davey.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you?
Great.
The, uh, the NFL has just become the fugly.
Neil, it used to be you had to have an education and then they'd drive you out of college.
Now they go check your criminal record and he who has the most battery in his hot charges gets picked.
Yeah.
It's gotten really crazy.
I mean, strawberry the other day for crying out loud.
The guy still hasn't figured out what the program is and he's asking him, can't we fix this?
Orchard going out to win the buddy.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Maybe we can find something useful to the okay instead of watching all these illiterate jocks.
So play out throw balls around.
Okay.
Wacken each other's balls.
I've seen a few guys whacken each other's balls, but it was a hell of a lot more entertaining than that crap.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You're Neil.
What's up, man?
How you doing, sir?
All right.
Yeah.
I have a request.
No material.
Just a request.
Can you play that that Barney when he's taking the you know dump?
What he's taking a one?
You're taking a dump?
I'm going to bomb you.
Can you say dump?
No.
Okay.
Okay.
It's eight minutes after afternoon at 5 60 W.
I'm telling you one thing.
They got on their mind.
Okay.
Our brothers today, they know they're right.
They don't give a crap about Cecil Cooper.
I'm calling.
I noticed.
I ain't calling Cecil Cooper yesterday too.
You know, I mean, he was a jock.
He wasn't a bad guy.
Played for the abroorers and the red socks.
Cecil Cooper, my rear outfielder.
A lot of home runs.
See, I can go to the show.
I know a little bit about my sports here every now and then.
In fact, a lot more than most of the so-called sports socks on this radio station.
A lot of these rubber stamp guys rubber stamp.
Whatever you say, kissy kissy kissy kissy kissy.
Whatever you say, whatever you say, BM, whatever you say to him.
Whatever you say, Pat, when you slick.
Rise here, who's probably listening right now.
Love that Pat Riley.
Only sports figure in this town who will admit to listening
of this show, Pat Riley, who will even admit that he knows who I am.
Would Jimmy Johnson and then he knows who I am?
No.
The BM and TM.
No.
All know they crossed me off their list for obvious good reasons.
Who might leave it out?
The guy from the fusion?
No.
No speaking English.
I don't even know who that is.
No, no.
And I don't want to know.
Please, please, we don't want to know.
No more confusion on this show.
The fusion.
My ass.
And by the way, would you write a hero golf show or show on auto?
Racing, that's our poll.
Because Yolk Hustell has screwed by our program director and Ray Perry.
You know that Ray Perry.
He's an asshole.
Man, did he turn out to be a loser or what?
Have we seen him in months?
No.
He was going to come in every Tuesday morning.
We're going to have a meeting.
He's the sales.
Yeah, right.
He's just another figurehead, just another peasant.
A vante.
That's right.
The man.
I'll be back.
It's the.
Kansas.
Well, do I go to go?
Uh-oh.
Oh, my pants.
Eh!
Hey.
Oh, oh.
Oh.
Won't be anyone's.
I've been here. I've been here.
Fancy right now.
Oh.
Fenty.
Fenty.
Come out, Fenty.
We're just way to never give you up.
Oh, what?
That was a little pandest.
Oh, here comes another thing.
Fenty.
Covey.
Come out, kid.
15 to 5, 60 W.
So let me tell you the story, how Joe Castell got screwed on a Saturday morning auto racing show by several people in this building.
Let me just run out the door.
I want to know, see if I want to tell you I got stabbed in the back.
Well, here's our poll question.
Would you rather hear a show?
If you have, I mean, obviously a lot of us are not interested in either one.
Well, would you rather hear a show about golf or auto racing?
Okay.
At least auto racing, there is some excitement.
You know, right?
You know, round or?
But golf, let me say it again.
I can't emphasize this strongly enough.
If you want to play golf, you know, go out and, you know, smooth with the boys and have a little bit of fun and get some exercise.
That's fine.
I don't begrudge you that.
It's not my cup of tea. It's boring.
But if you want to do that, fine.
But people who are into golf is like a spectator sport who watch tournaments on television.
Actually, go to golf tournaments.
Those people are wasting space.
They're using up oxygen that would be better used by anything else alive.
Anything.
Now, that having been said, would you rather hear a show about golf or automobile racing?
So Joe Costello, they give them a little bone.
They give them that six to seven hour on Saturday morning to do the auto racing show.
He's getting a lot of calls.
There's a few people listening at an ungodly hour.
When most anybody with a brain is probably asleep.
By the way, don't forget it's a live show with real interviews and things like that.
As opposed to the syndicated crap we put on overnight in the real early hours of the morning, especially on the weekend.
Or like I said, as opposed to the most of the crap we put on in the morning, especially during the week.
But anyway, so they've evidently got a golf show overnight from ESPN or some, who has some crap?
I don't know.
So they have a golf show on Saturday morning from seven to eight in the morning.
So our general manager said to Joe Costello, he said, well, you know, I think you've come a long way and it sounded really good.
Maybe we oughta move you up to put the golf show in there from six to seven because it follows golf on ESPN.
So we're kind of like all blends in together.
And then we'll have you do the auto racing show before DFO and at Saturday morning awful trade out show.
He does put you on from seven to eight and Joe said great.
And Greg says, okay, go talk to a, I see this is what I don't understand.
Because if I'm the general manager, I don't say to the talent, go talk to our program director and see if he can bluff your way through it.
And bluff, you know, pussy galore and bluff.
Oh, well, I have to talk to the sales department first.
See, this is why we have 85 spots in our on a station because we don't have a strong program director with any backbone.
We'll stand up to that bitch over there in sales.
That's right. That's psychotic bitch.
So to make a long story short, does Joe get the move up on Saturday morning?
No.
He gets screwed.
And again, because another bad guy in his place, Ray Perry, who lies to his teeth, who was going to come and talk to us every Tuesday.
And when we haven't seen him since we were downstairs weeks before we left downstairs, which we left about seven weeks ago.
Not that I want to see him, not that he's going to tell me anything.
He's another guy's got a title around here.
Does he involved in anything that we're doing here?
No.
No.
With a copy?
No.
With a spot?
No.
With anything?
No.
You know, these people around here, they all got a title.
I'll tell you the good guy's Gary Sarner.
What do you know what does that mean?
I always said Gary was the best sales guy we got.
I was great.
Yeah.
He is.
He's my favorite person in the world.
Well, he got me something that discount price, okay?
You know, us, you and Locke, we got to stick together, even if it is Gary.
And I got his check, by the way, where the hell is he?
I got a check to what Payham for what he got, which he forked the money out for.
That shows me, okay?
A guy that would do that.
And actually, believe I would come in with a check the next day?
Like I said, I had your check here, but oh, sorry.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Here's the route.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, knew I always hear you bash and I relid you.
Yeah, yeah.
What do you have?
Like, so retard or something today is that your problem?
Are you retarded?
Presently, crucianity.
I never really crucianity.
I always see you where your Jew had on.
Yeah, my Jew had on.
I wouldn't see that.
When you show that.
Okay, okay.
Retard, retard, retard.
It's about retard.
What do you have on?
What does that mean that Jew had?
5, 6, I mean dumb isn't even the worst part.
So that's why when I did that on an awful landing show, when I did that, I should have
never done it because it required, you know, they didn't even realize.
Here's a year I'm looking with a hockey puck on it, with a bunch of silly crap on it,
with a little beania, with a fly wheel on top.
You know?
Isn't it a little bit hypocritical to beat you?
Right.
Oh my God.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We're still searching for a call today.
We're still searching for a call.
We want to know what goes on up in heaven, okay?
We seriously, we want to know Georgian eye both are desperate to know what happens up in heaven.
Why is it that we should pretend to believe all this bullcrap, so that we can look forward,
have something to look forward to.
It's got to be better than living in this town.
I mean, you think there's not a hell?
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Good show.
The answer to your poll question is neither.
Yeah.
I wanted to share with you that I know some people close to the LSU athletic department.
Yeah.
And it appears that Mr. Cecil the diesel on his first felony rampage, molesting women,
decided to wear his football jersey with the number and his name stenciled on it.
All right.
There you go.
Yeah.
Kind of simplified the investigation process.
Uh-huh.
One other thing.
Your rubber stamps there at the station that are constantly referring to Coach Johnson is a master psychologist and motivator.
I think to have Coach Johnson pride himself on affecting the mental state of the average NFL ball player is about like a ten year old with a hamster considering himself a wild animal trader.
Or Richard, you're with a hamster considering himself.
Okay.
Well listen, have a great day, sir.
Considering himself lucky, I guess.
5667-0560-0.560 on the mobile one line.
We're still looking for the God people.
I guess they're probably all in the church today or somewhere.
How come you're wearing those beanies on the TV show?
You don't get it.
Do I have to do or you die a frame?
Do I have to send you a letter?
Do we have to write it out?
We have to bring a rabbi on to make guttable sounds.
Yeah.
Your Jew hat.
We saw you when you're Jew hat on.
What do you think of it?
I like to poke where that Jew hat.
Yeah, exactly.
How come a boy like the Pope is wearing a Jew hat?
Since if it works for them, it might work for Jew.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a National Sales Director for Major Corporation.
Yes.
I've got a chance to listen to this in a worst thing this morning.
Yeah.
Where the fuck up to Jim Johnson and Pat?
Okay, well listen, when your corporation get afforded by a phone that works call me back, okay, sir?
He said they were sucking up to JJ.
JJ, it's not it's either Jimmy or JJ.
It's never Jimmy Johnson.
It's Jimmy.
Jimmy.
Like Cecil.
Like Hank, Hank, Hank, yesterday we're coming for an O. We talked about Cecil.
Cecil, like, you know, this scumbag.
See, there's no, there's no scumbag that these rubber stamps won't stand up for, you know?
Oh, he might turn out to be there.
When Hank said yesterday, he might turn out to be the best running back on the team.
At that point, I reached over a wink.
Clicked and my blood was boiling.
I was steaming.
The steam was coming out of every office in my...
Correct.
Yeah, even there too.
You know, I mean, there are guys that run around pretending to be like, you know, real gutsy and balls.
But basically they're all rubber stamps.
They want the sports fraternity to like them.
They want to be a member, you know?
They want to be one of the boys.
Part of the people that all these people will talk to, not a renegade.
Not somebody who will tell the truth got for bit.
I'm not saying you got to be negative.
How about just honest for a change?
You know, that would be good.
I'm not saying accentuate the negative or the positive.
Just kind of like plate down the middle of the road and tell it the way it really is.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello?
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Hey, I'm getting a hell out of this thinking area.
Yeah, where are you going?
Back to Connecticut.
I ruined my life down here for past two years.
So many different assholes that come down from the north, they're ruining for everybody else.
Right.
And I just had enough of it.
We have assholes from every direction.
So we have assholes from the south of us to the north of us, to the west of us.
And amazing as it may sound, even to the east of us.
They bring their attitudes down.
And you think that they would leave that behind and start a new life down here?
Yeah.
No.
They just keep on screwing the next person over.
And we see that sign at the State Board of the said,
Missouri loves company.
We'll make sure that you have a lot of company.
I wish I did see that because I would have turned around.
Well, good luck to you, sir.
Well, good luck to you too.
I'll need it.
I have a great life.
No, I hope.
Okay.
There's a guy who's going back to Yukon.
I mean, Connecticut.
It's nothing wrong with Connecticut.
I mean, it's a, you know, nearer to some real places.
Huh?
Oh, seriously, Connecticut.
It's not too good.
56670560, pound 5, but it's better than here.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
That's our pull question, names and places that aren't better than here.
Besides the west coast of Florida.
And Mexico.
And what's your Atlanta?
What?
New Mexico.
New Mexico is beautiful.
Oh, I know a bit.
And if you need a priest real quick, no problem.
Arizona.
See, Arizona?
Yeah, you're right.
Arizona is horrible.
Oh, my God.
The great grandparents of the people from St. Petersburg all move to a sun city in Arizona.
Yuma and Phoenix and Tucson.
Oh, my God.
In fact, once I was driving through Arizona, got out of the car,
I was filling up my tank with it at the gas station, back into something and thought,
it just felt like a prick.
Oh, speaking of the cactus, by the way, anybody cruising around there lately?
I sure hope not.
Oh, and speaking of cruising around, I just wanted to get a bulletin.
The word is out.
Ken Jenny aspires to be the next Rudy Giuliani.
He is going to be, you think the thing with the swing clubs was, that was just a start.
This is the amaz, the real word in Broward County.
Like I said, don't even think about going anywhere where anybody might have nudity or eat,
even like a restroom where somebody might pull an organ out just to take a leak.
Don't even think about going in there.
Because Ken Jenny is going to outdo Rudy Giuliani.
He's a political whore and a real Nazi Ken Jenny.
He is.
He's a real prick.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
New York Lord.
Yes, sir.
Come on.
Oh, God.
What's going on?
I already played at Barney thing.
I wish you could play that again, but um.
Yeah, huh?
Yeah.
Um, you know what?
Did you call for that?
How many times have you come here?
Day four?
Five.
Brother.
Can you, can you play?
Okay, we have an open line.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
See this guy, he thinks he's going to keep calling the show and he's going to orchestrate.
He's going to keep requesting a thing.
And another month ago, take one for yourself.
You find out what it sounds like.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Bleh.
Any questions?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No matter how hard I try, gravity's not on my side, because my blues base is.
I'm really in no head.
Yes.
My fifth note is healing.
Tomorrow is ever moving.
Oh.
No.
I've got jobs to do, I have to say, you saw the song I didn't have enough.
1232 at 560 WQM, Hank from Louisville at 2 o'clock, any interest in that?
No.
Kentucky Derby draw any interest in the...
No.
560, 7.0, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
We got 122 open lines for you between now and 2.
If there's any interest out there, we're looking for the answers to heaven.
We want to know what happens in heaven.
Do we want to know that?
I mean yesterday, I mean, we were so titillated by the guy that called in and said,
you mean to say you don't believe and then you're going to have peace and disavow to be,
but it will, but it will.
Huh?
You praise God forever.
I know that.
I know that.
I gave him to this before.
God, you're good.
God, you're good.
Yeah, now, oh, God, you're good.
What time's lunch?
Oh, no lunch at God, you're good.
I'll stay here, thank you.
I'll pass.
Here's a mobile and adventure.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
How are you going to be a peace when you're a praising God all the time?
Yes, sir.
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You're seeing and he'll run off because he the sick bucket that I genes within you and you're singing to us, being invisible.
You're seeing and he'll run off because of you and he'll run off because of you and he'll run off because of you and he'll run off because of you and he'll run off because of you and he will run off because of you and she'll run off means you are pushing pictures on us and she'll run off means you're pushing pictures on us and she'll run off.
You're seeing and they'll run off means you're watching and they'll run off means you're pushing pictures on us and she'll run off means you're seeing and they'll run off.
Did you get caught in your same bag with a pair of gloves at home on an electric truck?
And the guys who listen, watch that golf and race and stuff, I think they all have
shorn's produce.
They want?
Shave their balls.
Oh, they have shorn.
Okay, thank you.
Whatever you say, sir, another guy with no material, very weak.
Got to eat people boring, you know?
I feel sorry for me, because I'm so damn good.
I feel sorry for me to talk to such a bunch of dollars, such a bunch of retards, such
a bunch of people who think that they're funny, that they're humorous, that they have
material, they don't have any material.
Nothing.
What a bunch of conversationless.
How do you like to be an elevator with them while they're farting a pastor, huh?
Seriously, how do you like to be an a stuck elevator for two hours with some of these
retards?
5, 6, 7.
We're searching for a real Colorado woman today.
No.
I don't think so.
Not that it makes any difference.
You know, we'll get the Mickey Works, your friends should be calling in.
That's slut.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, I am.
All right.
I just wanted to call and say I agree with you and on that comment you met about Ken
Jenny being a Nazi.
Fascist.
Fascist.
Fascist.
That's right.
The other thing I want to say is about his so-called grooming to be mayor of Robert County.
Hasn't been-
I am not a Nazi.
Yes, you are.
Hasn't even in office the sheriff for like over a year now and he's hasn't been able
to close those doors in that jail yet.
He's not a very good administrator.
How about he has not had time for that?
He's got the pleasure of going now.
Rounding up everybody that you know might even get to think about getting erect.
And I tell you, I bet the Democratic Party is thinking about him as a governor in ten
years.
Well, wouldn't that be?
Well, we've already got governor Boots.
We've already got another fascist as governor.
In his state, lock stock and barrel, they threw the key away and it's hopeless now.
It is.
No, I understand.
And that's all I'm out of material.
And God bless you.
You're going to keep that passport.
Keep a grip on it.
You got it.
And the passport too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pompah.
Ken Jenny, you're out of the closet, baby.
You're a fascist.
You're a Nazi, baby.
You're not fooling anybody.
How about going and raiding those cruise ships one more time?
Come on.
Let's get those machines off there.
Let's get the cameras out there for another good photo opportunity.
And then the taxpayers can pay.
So you have to schlep back there and bring them back to you slot machines and schlep them
on a cruise ship with egg on your post.
That was a good omelette I had here yesterday, but Ken Jenny, he's always gotten omelette.
I always got to do a stick his tongue out because he's got perpetual egg on his post
because he's making such a jackass out of himself.
And we're ever going to get like a real honest to God, Sheriff and Broward is not a fascist.
No.
And that Bobby Butterworth up there, the former Broward, Sheriff up there and tell a
nasty with a banjo on his knee.
Oh, we're going to fight this gambling thing.
We're going to fight this.
Yeah, keep fighting it.
OK.
Keep depriving the public of what they want.
Keep pandering to those old funny, dirty, stale, old, smelly, crusty, farts.
That's what you're all about, Bobby Butterworth.
You're stale, disgusting, piece of third.
See, one thing about the evolution of politics in this day.
Now swastika, I mean, sorry, now Democrat means where your swastika like under your shirt
instead of like openly, like just under your collar.
Just next to your cross.
Oh, gee, there he goes again, right?
And what's the point?
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
King of Smothmossha, Billy Charlie, Billy King King.
No, great.
Good material.
Five minutes of his life, he waited for that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Another bean eater.
You've heard of the bean counters.
We got the bean eaters.
Here's the West Palm Beach.
Chilla.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm in West Palm.
I've listened to you for 15 years.
Yes, sir.
Never called you.
Okay.
I found you through Alice Randell.
Alice Randell, yeah.
I'm here.
I'm here from Orlando.
Yeah.
And he was talking about the homosexual on the other station.
And I doubt around found you.
And I've been listening to him.
Well, what do you mean he was talking about the homosexual on his station?
That's right.
Oh, I see.
He's still hating for that.
Yeah.
A couple of things.
I enjoy him very much.
But I was raised in a Southern Baptist church.
And he screwed up my life forever.
And I walked around feeling that guilt.
And it screws up a lot of people.
Yeah.
It really does.
And I appreciate what you have to say.
What I really call for was here in West Palm Beach.
Donald Trump, you know, is building a new golf course.
Multimillion dollars.
Uh-huh.
Call for streeters, a topless bar called Mr. Tease.
So in the paper Sunday, he said that Donald Trump had offered ducts.
The fellow on the property, uh, $20,000 dollars to change the name.
And, uh, the interview to guy and he said, uh,
great, I'll take you 20 grand.
And he said, where are you going to change the name to?
He said, Mr. Runt.
All right.
Got you.
I love it.
I enjoy you.
God bless you, sir.
Yeah.
See you.
Say how to Alice.
How's that Alice?
Runt.
Telled to it out there to West Coast.
Probably still flippin' around.
Self-hating.
Fank.
I'm not sure if you're interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not interested in this.
Incrab.
Okay.
Oh, we're fine.
You can carry lots of earth in the gunny sack.
Okay.
Smoke it every day until your lungs come light.
With all the money that we have made,
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
Are you American?
Who does come here and say?
Got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke.
Smoke, got your smoke.
Smoke.
They light up the split van top.
They begin to pop and choke.
Smoke, got your smoke.
Smoke.
The gun should be good.
I'm not nervous on you, I'll relax, not man.
You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
So buy the earth from you, buy the ounce of paper.
Ask them on the stage of her, mom are you right?
They can't be good tonight and they smoke.
Smoke, got your smoke.
Smoke.
They light up the split van top.
Oh!
Smoke, got your smoke.
Smoke.
Smoke, got your smoke.
Smoke.
They can't be good.
I'll tell you one thing right now,
anybody opposed to the legalization of marijuana is an asshole.
A fascist.
He should be put away for many, many years, okay?
And getting out of our lives.
Get out of our lives.
Get out of everybody's individual, personal crap.
That's what we all say, right?
Anybody with a brain?
What is wrong with you people?
Man, bunch of quizzlings, bunch of pussy's.
That's what's wrong with this country.
I'll tell you one thing, if the people in this country right now
would have been here back when the British owned this guy,
they enjoyed, they would have been though American Revolution would there.
That's right.
We're walking around with pictures of some queen on our currency.
Some silly old, prissy queen with a stupid little purse.
That's what we'd be doing.
Spine-list jellyfish who take any crap that the government do a doles out.
Oh, you can't grow that in your backyard.
Any crap that they want to dish out.
Okay, whatever you say, Mr. Governor.
Bunch of bullcrap.
The land of the free, my fat ass, okay?
In fact, the guy, that's what he took out of the land of Wangwetski.
That's what he said in the National Anthem the other day.
That guy with a bad wig that sings in Madison Square Garden.
He sings good, but what a bad wig.
In fact, he ought to be on with Charles Alpieri right away.
Get him and Bob Eisenberg over there and make him look like at least human.
Close to it.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello?
Yeah, me.
Yes, sir.
You know what I think about legalization of marijuana?
And what is that, sir?
Everybody should smoke.
Yeah.
Everybody should smoke marijuana because personally, I smoke a pound a day.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think you probably drop a pound a day.
You just dropped a few ounces here on a phone line.
I'll tell you that.
I can smell it from here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 60.
And he was already unhold by the way before I've been mentioned that.
So it was obviously another guy with no material.
One of yours again.
Do they have any material at all?
No.
Huh?
Anything at all besides medical and Coulot and fingers.
Is that all?
Uh-huh.
That's it.
That's a medley of their lives.
How sad.
Maybe if we could geographically move them like the South Dakota or you're a Montana, you're
always ravener.
Oh no.
Oh, South Dakota.
Good idea.
You want to screw up Montana, huh?
Oh no.
No, thank you.
Okay.
How about Carolinas?
Here's a lightening.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'll call Marv Albert coming back to basketball.
What about it?
Isn't that terrible?
Why is that?
Because.
Because what?
He likes butt talk.
Oh, he likes butt talk?
He likes the manly sweaty butt talk.
Yeah, how do you know that?
Because he said it.
No, he did not.
Didn't say he likes the manly sweaty.
He likes to dress up on a weekend.
That's what he said.
Jack asked.
See, they had to put one white guy in there so it didn't look like a racial thing.
So they had to put Marv Albert's picture in there.
And if anybody cares about how many backs he's biting these days.
Totally a total separate deal.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a high-lea.
Hello?
And what if you get a butt talk?
So what about it?
Yes, sir?
Hello?
Yes, I am.
Tony voice.
Hello?
Yes.
Marv Albert, come.
Yeah, Tony voice, like I said.
Marv Albert, come.
Very good.
Thank you for your material, sir.
Call us again next year when you work another one up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Oh, that's the guy from the equipment with JC Penney's and Wyselann.
Recognize that voice anywhere.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hold on a second.
I got a fire truck coming up my foot.
Hold on.
All right.
Got him out.
Got out of the way.
Correct him.
Neil.
Yes.
Did you ever try reslin for your diabetes?
No.
No.
Probably wouldn't work anyway.
I got a bomb.
What does that mean?
It's bad stuff.
No, it's good stuff.
No, it is not.
There's a lot of bad side effects from Wyselann.
You better start doing some reading, sir.
It's bad stuff.
I sell it.
I sell it.
I'm one of those...
Well, guess what?
Stop selling it.
You're in other one of those sub-curlers.
You're a murderouser.
You're selling a bad prescription drug.
It's got bad side effects.
Well, if you monitor correctly...
And guess what, sir?
Guess what?
I'm not taking anything from my diabetes.
My blood sugar was 100 this morning.
How do you like that?
That's beautiful.
I'm off all that prescription stuff.
But you keep making money killing people who have a nice life.
If you have any conscience left.
Murderers, killers, all these detail men.
They're murderers.
They're killers.
And by the way, I thought you said there were nice people in Power 96.
How come they got the noise cranked up again all of a sudden right now?
That must be one of the not nice people.
No, seriously.
What is this?
10 to 1 in the afternoon, all of a sudden?
Not all of a sudden.
I'm surprised you just noticed it.
Well, how long would it start?
10 to noon.
It's been going on for an hour.
How about cranking a goddamn noise dial out there?
You idiots.
They can still hear it.
It's going through the transmitter.
You don't have to crank it up so loud in the building.
That's not how they hear it, you idiots.
You morons.
Seriously, I'm not going to keep doing a show like this.
This is unacceptable.
I'm going, you know, you talk.
I'm not going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm hiding some art in the noise.
Kill their music.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
I'm going to keep doing a show like this.
Alright.
Alright.
Alright, consists of two other highlights.
All point is you are primal to never predict that.
This is a clear highlight.
This is the clear highlight happening
onç¨‹s here overÃ¶lley that cover point
is disappearing over..]
It's the clear highlight happening
Is there a traps lurge behind you
I think everyone needs toå– it even once you think about it.
Does that symbolize what you are saying?
I only wish you would have been out in the hall this now.
I heard it when you opened the door.
Trust me, it's like the world is coming to an end in here.
And Eric goes again.
How is it that we survived through some days none of this?
How is it that the power 96 people survived?
Some days we don't hear any of this and they actually get on the air.
Without thumping the whole rest of the building into oblivion.
They have different mixers.
Oh, okay. Well, how about taking this mixture, this asshole that's in there right now,
and firing his ass or its ass or whatever it is?
And get somebody in here that's wonderful, operate and admit the fact that there's other people on the air
and try to do a job in this place.
I mean, I realized we're not the big important FM like they are over there.
See, what you said the other day was right.
When we worked over there at Cox, we used to be GTR and then it was the coast,
whatever, right next door to each other, you know, and how it went on five down the hall.
Right across the wall.
There's a matter of fact, you put it on the wall that was the other controller.
Right. And once in a while I didn't have to put it on the wall because it got loud,
and they would always turn it down.
That was the production.
But the people would actually speak to us.
Even though we were on AM, we were underlings, we were, you know, like real people.
Well, we all had good numbers.
Well, do we have good numbers here?
Last time I checked on this show.
This show?
Yeah.
Well, this is the only one that's on now between 10 and 2.
And even if we didn't have good numbers, what does that have to do with anything?
Whether it be in treated like a pun.
He opens the door to tell his kid, you crank it down, and while the door is open,
all of a sudden it just comes 50,000 times louder.
So it's not by accident, it's by intense.
I think you just heard it get louder because they have an inner door.
That's not going through two doors to be able to.
No.
The inner door was already open.
And if you could have heard how loud it was inside the inner door,
even with your boxed up ears from over the years, you would have said,
Oi!
Here's a mobile-informed waterdale.
Hello?
Mobile-informed waterdale.
What's that?
Ah, whatever you say.
Here's a napalm.
Hello?
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir.
That music was an improvement over most of your callers today.
Is that a black and the last one?
What is that station?
What is what station?
The music was on.
It's Power 96.
It's a station for 10-year-old Pignies with busted ear drums.
Is it a black station?
No.
It's a, it's a, it's a, who knows?
It's an ethnic station.
You know, a spick, spook, whatever, whatever.
Turn on that crap.
Okay, I just wonder.
Counts, little kids.
It's about who are all in school right now anyway.
Yeah.
Talk about Alice, by the way.
Yeah.
Did anyone call you a month ago?
I was thinking about you.
He was on, uh, pull it.
Yeah, on politically incorrect.
Yes.
Did you call him?
No, I did not.
Why would I, what do you mean did I call him?
I mean, that's a horrible show.
No.
I don't want Alice Rand-Telts.
I'm a official fan of Alice.
I've been a little bit of a while.
No, I did not see it.
He had his little print hamlet hair do on.
I mean, just, you know, and he had very little to say.
Yeah, of course.
I was just wondering.
Okay.
You want to know what heaven is?
You want to know?
I'm listening, sir.
I'm listening.
I'm waiting.
I have a fantasy of being a cult leader.
Yeah.
Instead of girls going out like Charles Vance and having killed people,
just not going anywhere, but just stay at my side and cater to me all day long.
Yeah.
You know, that's, that would be perfect.
Okay, thank you.
So, what?
Do you want to do it?
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
Oh, this wedding's going to be so excited.
Time flies until you take up the room,
I'm going to wrap my lips around your clothing tube,
And thank you Wonder World Explosive.
That's my record.
Addison Circus 5.
ERC, T-I-O-S.
I want a three-tore ball.
OK, 103 and 5.
6, you got a few on the show.
Big one is two-hour.
I'm going to tell you, Cersei.
Just what you think you've experienced,
everything there is to experience in this business.
And you come up here on this turd floor with these Power 96 assholes.
Seriously, you're right.
It's a gangster mentality down there.
They don't give a crap about anybody else.
They ought to move that station out on a guy on Watson Island or somewhere.
And let him just crank it up until the guy we have an earthquake.
We're dealing with crazy people up here.
And we're also dealing with a totally spineless,
impudent program director who can't get anything accomplished,
who they laugh at down there when he goes down there.
It tells them you crank it down a couple of like 20 or 30,000 notches.
And we're dealing with a program director on the other end,
and kid Curry, who you think is such a great guy.
And I'm telling you, it's a whim.
Those mixers that you call them, those maniacs that are in there,
there were dime, it doesn't.
They can go out on a street corner, hire 50 guys like that for three bucks an hour.
But the problem in this place is nobody's got any authority around here.
Everybody's got a title.
We got 75 sales managers.
We got 28 program directors.
We got Pussy Galore over here.
We got 8 million people with titles running around.
Can they get anything done?
Does anybody pay any attention to them?
No.
And we got a general manager running around drop it as pants showing
everybody is purple.
Acto.
There you go.
Look at that one call on the board during,
you see, and that was really very productive too, you know this.
You know what's the effect that had on this show?
WQAM.
Neil?
Yes sir.
Hey Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
Just a quick question for you.
I'm headed over to Las Vegas next month.
Any good places to hit?
Well what does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does it mean any good places to hit?
What does that mean sir?
Any good restaurants?
No.
Ruth Christopher?
No.
No good restaurants sir.
How do you count?
What is it?
Okay.
See what I mean?
This is a cesspool this time.
This is a absolute cesspool.
This is what you got.
These are the people driving around out there as you're driving and you're wondering,
Jesus Christ, am I going to get home alive today?
Is there a chance?
These are the people.
This is the greatest community service anybody could ever do with this goddamn show.
It's a clear and present, ever-present warning to anybody.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello?
You have the new Neil.
Yes sir.
Good evening to you sir.
With regards to your poll you were taken last week at Oncroons Station.
I've got another question to follow that up also.
Yes sir.
With regards to heaven.
But my suggestion is fire pussy galore.
Do you become the program director?
No chance.
I don't do no PDs no more.
I'm not doing that.
Okay.
Not for Greg Reed especially.
How about bringing back Phil Henry?
Yeah.
He's not coming back.
Phil Henry's not coming back sir.
Phil is gone.
He's in Los Angeles.
He's moved on to bigger and better things.
There isn't a child of him in his chance.
He's coming back to this make-believe place.
So syndicate him.
Syndicate you and you and he.
Not going to happen.
Okay.
And then with regards to heaven basically it's my understanding religion holds out the reward of heaven as the reward for living a good life.
Like if you're a good little boy I will give you a lolly pop at the end of the day.
Exactly.
Now without heaven and without it.
But that doesn't give me any specifics.
I want these people to tell me what's supposed to be so great.
What's going to be going on there?
Well because I'm sure not going to be there.
I don't have that answer but I want to ask you without heaven, without religion.
What is the ultimate meaning of life?
Whatever you make it.
Life is what you make it.
Do you remember that old expression?
Life is what you make it.
Okay.
And that's your motto.
Let me ask you this.
What about a cockroach?
What's the meaning of a cockroach's life?
I don't know if you're a Buddhist.
What's the meaning?
What's the have a dog or a cat or a bird?
You have a pet?
Yes.
Okay.
What's the meaning of its life?
Possibly absolutely nothing.
Life is meaningless.
Is that what you're saying?
You can make that assumption yes.
No.
Their life is not meaningless.
I got two great dogs.
What about one great dog and one pain in the ass?
I got two dogs.
Their life isn't meaningless.
What's the meaning of their life?
It's a question of meaning.
It's a question of meaning.
It's a question of living, breathing thing that you respect.
And they're alive.
What's the purpose of a rose?
Why does a rose bloom?
Why does a flower bloom?
Why does a tree grow?
They're things that are alive.
Why are they alive?
They just are.
Some things just are, sir.
I know that comes with a great shock to you, but some things are.
You know, like crap happens.
You saw that published sticker?
So you don't have to search for a meaning.
Exactly.
Now you've got it.
Excellent.
Have a great day, sir.
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you very much.
You're good.
Good.
Good listen to me.
Where's Gary Sarner, by the way?
I want desperately.
I want to give him this check.
Well, remember when I wanted to buy the desk for a bluff for pussy galore?
I'm glad I didn't buy the desk for pussy galore, okay?
Unless it was like a temporary one.
I mean, this guy, he's got to pull, get the bull by the horns and go down there.
Now it's real quiet.
Now it's nice and quiet down there.
That we're on the verge of maybe getting somebody fired or something down there?
The new hour is over.
The mixing hour is over.
Oh, is that what it is?
Oh, it's the mixing hour?
Well, I got news for it.
We're mixing the mixing hour.
As far as the loudness is concerned.
They can take that and they can stuff it in Gregory, Greg, and Purple or not.
And this ain't no joke.
You know, it's not bad enough.
Like yesterday Hank tries to get on the air from Shula's air every day.
We have an office pool going here every day to a clock.
Well, to get on the air is it going to be on the air or not?
You know, is the phone line working?
Can you hear what's going on?
Today's up there in Louisville.
Well, you know, that's a good metaphor.
You know, you've composed of gamblers out there.
We didn't know if you'll get on or not.
So it's bad enough we have to overcome all the technical scrubs.
Because this is such a cheap ass outfit that's got one or two engineers running around
trying to do the jobs of 20 people.
That end with the equipment that's from 100 years ago.
That's not bad enough.
But to have to put up with this kind of crap with a bunch of lunatic punky kids out there
down the hallway.
In a place that's about as soundproof as your toilet.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
And this was the great state of the art studios that Mr. Purple asked promised me two years ago.
Mr. Raltegger, anything you want to hear if I can get you the sign out of dotted line?
Then you come make me a lot of money and make me look like a radio guy, which guess what I'm not?
Oh, no kidding.
Nice purple ass though.
Welcome.
He's all ass.
He's the one guy seriously from head to toe.
Reg read, he's all ass.
He's a walking ass.
Nine minutes, just ask me, I'll tell you.
You cue and go fuck yourself.
And now the League of Retarded citizens will prove their rendition of greenery.
Don't make fun of me.
They were very hard for this.
And the dead end of the day.
And the dead end of the day.
The dead end of the day.
The dead end of the day.
The dead end of the day.
The dead end of the day.
The dead end of the day.
Youpotatplex!
Youopodot walk with me.
Oh my gosh, coughingIntify you.
You Ariel returned to lorsquita.
I thought I had Youotte ëª¨
You think Steve Nickel would have tolerated that crap down a hole after all these weeks that it would still ever be going on
No, it would not. I'm telling you right now. He was a hard ass
You know he'd take a couple of good pots
Get on a hallway and pop them ahead. He I'm telling you right now. You know that's true
You know damn well. It's true
He stormed around at building every now and then we give him an excuse to do it and like you know through his weight around all 40 pounds of it
Oh, he swaggered anyway, whatever
You notice here is I'm sitting here in this chair
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
We're being assaulted by power 96 by a bunch of punky asshole punks is what's going on here and we're not gonna put up with it
Okay, I'm telling you about you know, I'm gonna tell you a little story
The last time that this happened to this degree was like before we came on here was between nine and ten minute
Evidently they have another one a big mixing hour. They're mixing it. Okay. They're mixing in matching
They're mixing their match in assholes with assholes down there on power 96 and it was while a morning
Show was still on and I remember D.Fo and Gjaldi and I don't remember a little dog was out there in a hall
He stays under the counter most of the time. He's hiding
But I remember especially D.Fo walking out in the hallway like well, what are we gonna do?
What are we gonna? I have never in my life worked with such a bunch of spineless pussy's ever not even close
This is the macho sports station. This is the pussy station even a program director's a pussy
Pussy galore
We don't have a PD we got a PG
pussy galore and
Those morning guys, you know we're not bad enough
We got to get the drinking water in here from our color again for everybody on the side of the building because God forbid
They should have to go down there and beg for water from the water not me God forbid on the other side of the building
Which we don't mind doing that
But they're sitting there because there's studio is only like a matter of yard a few feet away from where I'm sitting right now
They're getting blasted out there between 9 and 10 in the morning. They got the balls to open up a mouth and go down
I'll say cut the crap. No, pussy's
pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy. That's what we got here WQ and the pussy station. We get a 90 share with that
Cutler Ridge, I want to welcome to Q a and the pussy station
Neil yes, sir. I've got a question for you and I'm willing to bet yeah, that I know the answer
Uh-huh. If you were in a car accident. Yeah, I'm over the wheel ready to gasp your last breath
Yeah, in tremendous pain. Yeah, and a pastor or priest came over to us. It's son to save you
You can't get up Jesus and that's gonna know. No, no, what would you say nothing? I'd say get the hell out of here
You're so certain of that
Positive I have been in accidents. I've had moments. I've had a gun held in my head
I have had things when I thought I was moments from death never to I remember once I was driving on the interstate
94 and Detroit and a driving rainstorm and this is many many years ago my car went out of control
Spun around three times in the middle of the road hit the the railing blew a flat and the people behind me on the road
Because some of them stopped eventually thought I was going to get killed never did it cross my mind about all God and Jesus
Of course not. It's a bunch of bull crap that would make me a phony of course not
Well, I just it's pretty sad, but you don't have any faith at all. What is that?
Because it's sad why is it sad? Why is it even your business? What differences to make?
I don't care listen. I like listen to your show. So I have to be a
Why is it sad? Well, how does it somehow diminish me or diminish my life?
I know that you think you know everything. I don't know everything
I don't know
You're the one if you're a believer and you must claim to believe everything. No, no, no, no
The guy hit it on the head. I think he was yesterday. Yeah, it's everybody interprets the Bible
Definitely that's why you have all these it's a pile of crap
Don't you understand if the pile of crap written by silly superstitious men thousands of years ago?
Some of it might be all of it is you can see what you want is selective pie
Do you want to pick and choose what's out of you? Not true. Well, what is true?
It's your belief in what you would the Jesus does for you and your belief
Well, sorry, Jesus doesn't do anything for me. I don't believe in Jesus
I don't believe there was such a person as Jesus
But if you want to believe it have a great life and God bless you may
Oh God bless you
See this is this one I don't understand it saddens him that I don't have any faith I have faith in myself
That's all I need I have faith in myself. I'm not some kind of a weakling like I was just talking about the emotional cripples
We got around here. Don't even have the balls to open up a mouth when somebody's interfering with their job
That's when I get psychotic and pissed off when somebody starts interfering with my ability to do the best
I'm getting paid a lot of money to come in here and do a job. Okay, and doing a pretty guy damn good job
If I say so myself and so the rating saying the spots on the log making a lot of money for these people
I have pride in what I do here even though I'm talking to a bunch of long kids on the phone every day
nevertheless, there's like real living and breathing people listening
I'm not gonna sit back here. I have faith in myself. I'm assertive. I take a you know
Even an old bag like me asserts myself to the point where I don't take any crap from anybody
And if you don't have faith in yourself then you're admitting you're an emotional cripple like most people in this country sad pathetic
Here's a mobile and candle hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay listen? I
You were talking about shaving balls the other day and it was a gay thing and everything I
shaved my balls and it's because my wife doesn't like to choke on the pubic hairs in the sex is so much better
Yeah, but not to hear there's no here on the
Yeah, what's your wife name head your wife's oh Ed Bruce
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Sure your testicle should not be in your wife's mouth
Here's Oakland Park hello
Says that an exodus in the Bible your testicles are not supposed to be oh yeah, yeah, yeah
What do you got 25 pounds of
Editor
Here's a hi-a-lea hello
Neil father George's son how's it going Neil?
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach hello, I knew yes, sir you're hitting it right on the head
Yeah, all those big mouthful sports guys seem like they celebrate it's very already complex. Well, maybe that's because they're inferior
Tell me about it. We have a complex. Maybe it's reality
Now the inferior below the weight to something might be
I feel and don't bother me. I got the smallest penis you'll ever see doesn't it works. That's all accounts pal if it works
Yeah, you go Neil and have a great time. Okay, Adios
400 open lines now 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
People with no balls people. I mean such as the question to shave in your balls
It's a question to cut them right off of course if you don't have any you can't cut them off
Right, Kelly. That's right
5 6 7 0 5 60 you know the numbers over and over again
We keep repeating them over and over just to make sure you did missing the first 200 times
Palm 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line there they go. They're a little bit slow, but nevertheless
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello good afternoon
Neil good afternoon, sir. I always I really got a kick out of when you had Mike laying on about four years ago
He was talking about Bob Prince doing play by play slip penguins
He would call goal goal goal scores knit pickers. I just wanted to think I wanted to ask you
He think was gonna win the cup and who should win the Vesna?
Who should win the Vesna? Yeah, I mean it's tough
I mean if you go on statistics Ron Tugna but if you go by it'll be hashick will get it and I like Colorado for the cup
I know it could be yeah, huh? No
Who do you like? Who do I like? Yeah, I you know, I really got to know it. It depends you see the first round
How can you make a pick now, you know? No, it depends on who gets hot. Yeah, no, it's that's one
You really can't make a pick right now. All right. Thanks. No. Okay, I have a great day
Can you make a pick now now I can pick my nose? No
What are your thoughts on that on at only on to Syracuse game? Huh?
Share with me your thoughts on that master Piqua Kingston game
Huh? What do you think a very young Florida Gator team?
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 I'm getting that see in the beginning used to make me angry now
I'm getting the biggest laugh out of the I don't mean this guy. He was alright
But the sports nerds at college station the other 20 hours today
Oh God, I mean we got horrible colors too, but Jesus Christ our calls are fantastic compared to those it with netwits
a
Very young Florida Gator team went in there. Oh, and then the last call in the morning show this morning
I have the dolphins are gonna win a Super Bowl. This guy is predicting does anybody care what his prediction is of course not
Well, what's the point?
Like I could say oh the least they're gonna sweep right through the Stanley Cup. You know wishful thinking I don't have any idea
They haven't even played one playoff game yet till tomorrow night anybody
So I'll you know wait and see and analyze the situation and like I said whoever's getting hot and playing at the peak of their game
Those peaks of 20 shares. They'll probably win it
But here's the guy that's calling they haven't they haven't even gotten some of these guys out of their jail uniforms yet the
Adoppen and the oh Super Bowl and
It just turns people like me off people are like fair-minded the rational people turns us off, you know
bunch of scumbags bunch of low-life scumbag illiterate
Goons and we're supposed to like root for these people and let them are tangible support financial or otherwise or at least emotional
I say screw him. I say FM
FM is in the list junior
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yeah, how you doing okay, sir?
All right, it's five two people off
While you have our sports events turn in on two new stations it turns them off the year bunch of clear talking about hockey
Well, again, let me tell you with something pal
We'll be off into a clock
So turn back in when you hear about the Kentucky Derby which I'm sure you know often about two
5 6 7 0 5 60 and it's been interesting that some of us clear
There's no a lot more about hockey than you'll ever know and by the way
That's a real man sport even managed to that. Yeah, that's right. Those are the real men
Not a bunch of pussy's like your football players and baseball players, but you're gonna get a hang nail
They're running a screaming in the locker room and
Out for six weeks like Gary Sheffield with his $85 million of your salary
Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi. How you doing? Okay? Okay?
I want to talk about a great athlete and that is
The jockey who writes thoroughbred horses. I
Never hear anything bad about them. They're very
They're small but we like head valance well on this cocaine problem. You never heard anything bad about it
No, wait a minute, Neil. Yeah, that's one out of how many jockey no, I'm not I agree they're great athletes
But I mean you say never heard anything bad about them. They're jockey so we got problems
They're
They throw them out of there. Do they not they what they will not let them lie well
Eventually after the first 200 mistakes
They're like other athletes they keep it in a second chance and a tenth chance like anybody else in sports
They keep getting too many chances well
I know chances that pet valance way I have
Okay, but that's one of them many jockey now
I don't think they're more but that's what happens okay
It's just like at harness racing
We have drivers in harness racing some of them are great athletes as well and they do all kinds of things and fix races
No slap them on the wrist they go away for a couple of weeks or a couple of months and then they come back over and over again
So it's you know, it's the same old thing let me ask you one thing
Why would the NFL let them even think about?
Because the NFL if you would read that book pros and cons we thought you'd understand the national felon league doesn't care
They never met a criminal they didn't like the only people they don't like are the gamblers because that makes it look like the
Games are fixed and reflect on the league, but as far as anything else beating up your women anything you do they don't care about it
That's why okay, thank you. Okay. That's the truth
You all ought to go out and buy that book pros and cons. I mean, that's what it's all about
You heard about it on this show and speaking of how that guy to call before this is the show that talked about the truth
This guy can't handle it. He's the emotional cripple
Because he's got to have his football football. That's what he's got to have he's got to have his dumb jocks because he can relate to me on the same level
Freedom and say cheese
Baby baby the largest baby
Baby baby the largest baby
all
No.
All right.
132 and 560 WQM, there are three words, okay?
If you wonder about all this religious crap, three words I want you to impelle- right
and right on your forehead, right on your wrist, right on your neck, whatever you like.
Fear of death, those three words.
If you take those three words away, no more religion.
And you hear this, just one of these calls after another, like the guy that's the call
a few calls ago, like, about, well, what's the purpose of life?
And I ask him about what the purpose of life is of his dogs or his cats or his birds or
whatever pet he's got.
Oh, there's no purpose.
Now, let me ask you this.
What would be the rationale of all these other living things?
Their lives are meaningless, but our life has some spare- and you want to know why?
Because we made that up.
Man made bullcrap for our own convenience, just like all of all these idiots that wrote
the Bibles off for their own convenience, from their own perspective, to reinforce their
own prejudices and stupidity and superstition.
That's all.
But if you take away the fear of death, I mean, we have no cockroaches step on it.
It's dead.
You say, all right.
You know, you dog dies.
Well, it's very sad, but we realize dogs don't even live like, you know, at 10, 15 years,
whatever kind of breed it is.
Elephant, it dies, yeah, that's sad.
But, you know, find a big box and we'll, you know, where are they, bury elephants, by
the way?
You ever stop and think about that?
Which ones?
The ones at the zoo?
Any elephants, where I guess they don't bury the ones out in the jungle, the ones in the
zoo, of course, when the elephant dies, where the hell do they bury it?
I think they're carving up in the cell in the street.
Stick it in the trunk?
Yeah.
You guess it must be a big trunk.
Seriously, the elephant dies and what was the purpose of its life?
What is the meaning of life?
It sounds like I look almost like a muddy python thing now, like the meaning of life.
That's what you guys ought to do.
Not to go out and write the movie or even buy it.
Buy it because then you can watch it over and over again.
The meaning of life, muddy python.
Then you'll know exactly all the answers.
There are no answers.
It's a budget crap.
Okay?
Just like that thing I was talking about yesterday, how do you go?
How do you do all these things post-life when you've got no heart, no brain, no senses?
And I'm, you know, I ain't got nobody.
Just keep singing that over and over again and maybe you'll start something, we'll click,
you know?
You can't see God with no eyes, with no brain.
We're dead, we're in the expression ever come from brain dead, you know, when somebody
has a horrible accident and they declare them brain dead, because once your brain ceases
to function, even if the heart is still beating, even the full blood is still flowing, you're dead.
You're dead.
D-E-D.
Dead.
Oh no, that's not humans, only animals.
Guess what?
I know animals, many of them, including my golden retriever, are a lot better than most
of the people I've known of my or many of them.
Like I said, most of the people I've encountered in my life.
Not even a contest.
But what's the purpose of his life to do the best he can?
You know, eat a few meals, ragged tail, take a good, and then, you know, bye bye.
That's it.
Oh no.
Yo yes.
Here's a mobile and tamarind, hello?
Hey Neil, how are you today?
Pretty good sir.
Good, Neil, two things.
Little little panties by report, I was down on Fort Arnold Beach at the elbow room and
eight of our panties were down there off season bonding.
Uh huh.
You had War El and Lindsay and Whitney.
But he has a good looking guy.
Yes he is.
Sister Ellie, etc.
And it's amazing.
The thousands of people that walked, they were in a very, very high profile table, then
people that would walk by had no idea who they would be more.
Of course not.
Just completely.
Well, you know, most of the people in the arena when they're playing the game with the
uniforms on, don't know who they are.
So why would you expect an honest people as the elbow wounded and who they were?
Well, I guess that's a good point.
I'm a profile seat.
Um, uh, one other thing.
Now, when you call some of the other shows, um, the producer asks, what's your name?
What do you want to talk about?
Right.
Is that for just movement of the show?
No, it's contrived and it's some of the worst radio in the history mankind that I despise,
contrived radio.
Who the hell cares what they want to talk about?
Put them on.
See, that's another thing.
I noticed that if somebody ripped some of the people on this station, they always dump
it.
I don't dump anything unless it's got a four-letter word.
It's just, I'm totally obnoxious and can't be on the ear.
But some of the other people you have here are so thin skinned that if somebody calls
them a name or says they're a fat slump, dump it, dump it.
Which makes it boring.
They don't understand that, you know, it goes with the territory.
So that's just basically so the top show that I've been seeing what's coming up and get
picked at shoes who we talked to.
I guess.
Oh, God.
Right.
So we doubt the undesirables.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Well, they must not be doing too good of a job.
See, we don't worry about that.
We want some of the undesirables to show you, like I said, a good cross-section of what
swill this town is.
And we're doing a, a swill job if I say so myself, especially today.
We've had some great calls today.
I'm not talking about good calls, great calls.
See, there's a difference.
That's what a lot of you don't understand.
Like the kid that called about the, you know, wanted to hear my anus.
Smells real.
T.
23 before two at five, 60, and then of course one to call the seven-time that got a little
bit old.
23 before the RQA.
We got Hank from Louisville with a Kentucky Derby draw today.
Any interest in that?
No.
Those little jockeys up there, those great little workmen who are sweating off in the
hot house.
And that's what they're doing in the steam.
No, they do.
They have to keep that low weight.
They puke.
They get on their hands and ease.
They puke.
They're guts out.
They sweat it off.
They run it off.
They yank it off.
Anything they can.
Let's pour a little back to this.
Just pour a little midgex.
Just dirty, do me.
You call that a heated?
No.
Why do you care?
He does not.
Or an awful cuter go outside.
Why do you care?
He does not.
He does not.
Everybody knows.
It's dawning outside.
We burn our heads higher.
Not the difference that has been behind this.
A sick person like Marienne Watson will be in the fire, I'll tell geezer what,
I'll tell both.
Not coming, but it was probably some asshole from Power 96, you know, there are bunch of
schmucks.
It's, by the way, everybody turn off Power 96 and go and never turn it on again or you're
going to go to hell.
I just found that out.
We just got some inside information that if the incomes, if the final day, Armageddon
happened and you listen to Power 96, you go straight to hell.
No reprieve, no purgatory, no even limbo.
In fact, what they do is they send you the hell and make you listen to the rest of the
limbo for eternity, for the rest of the time, old tapes.
What the, what the, what the, what the, oh god.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
right now. There is a, seriously, he just keeps plugging away. It's sad, it's tragic. Nice going Bob Green and Bob Neal. Watching people get stabbed in the back of this business and of course they screwed up IOD and they put on Chuck Meyer and it was a bomb at late a big, you know, that was the beginning of the end. Nice going there. Bob, I begged him, don't mess with success, don't screw around if it's not broken, don't fix it. And little Bob Neal, that little piece of that torque, that little torque I'm telling you, never try to do it.
Trust little guys, never trust little guys, Georgia's an exception, maybe. We haven't found out yet. But for the most part, that's a good statement of a don't trust little guys because they got a complex, they got to Napoleon complex. And so they got to like boss everybody around and destroy people's life. Just like people, he's a little torque, a little weasel, a little backstabbing, sucking piece of crap. Don't trust people like that because they're out to get you to try to overcome their inferiority complex.
And it's not a complex like I said before when it's real, it's not a complex, it's reality. Bob Neal, you are inferior. We hate you like poison.
Am I starting to get the message through, huh?
Oh, he's got better things to do than to come all the way down to Miami and tell us that they sold the station. He's got better things to do. All these people are sitting in there, all our livelihoods, our lives are hanging in the balance. And he's got the gall, the balls, the hootspots to make a comment like that.
And then go on about, wow, they tried everything they could to make money with it. But now they're given the passion. You know, maybe he can make you lose your make money with you losers, you know.
You little midget piece of crap. My dogs both drop every morning in the yard that's a hundred times a thousand times better than you'll ever be. Okay.
Piece of swill. And let me give you the best piece of advice. Like I said, if you kids out there, you young people, if you don't have your path to work for somebody else, don't do it.
Go in a business for yourself, open up a shoe shine, stand. Maybe someday you'll have a chain of shoe shines to anything before you have to dehumanize and work for other people. Okay. Because more often than not, the people you work for number one, their assholes, number two, they know less than you and number three, they treat you like crap. And number four, they don't appreciate a goddamn thing you do for them, like around here.
We got a boss that comes in here yesterday shows us his purple ass and that and I, you know, people think I made that up. You got a very, you were witness. You saw it.
You have to close them personal. Oh, yeah, even close. I'm going to reach out your title. Jesus. What a thought that is. God.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. Got the answer to heaven. Yeah. Well, from what the Pentecostals believe, uh, they think that you go to heaven. Yeah. That when you go to have a snack out and rattle with it while I'm listening to this. Go ahead.
Yeah. Yeah. They put you in a way. So you don't wake up. Yeah. And I do it. Is that before after you drink the cool A. Needs a tapioca and chop your nuts off?
And until the apocalypse, so actually you don't go to heaven. They just take you up and you sleep. So you're in limbo. Exactly. You're waiting. Yeah. Okay. I love parenin. All right. All right. And you got a giant job. Yeah. Okay. Go over there. He can keep the music down the way. They'll roar. You're hired.
I mean, I realized that this building, of course, is a piece of crap because this company wasn't going to spend it and Greg Reed walks around with another lie. Oh, the contractors assured us it would be soundproof. Oh, yeah.
Give me a break. Keep that sound fit. That's why it's not soundproof. And you know, I he ought to be able to run in there as loud as he wants. And it shouldn't we shouldn't be able to hear it. But, you know, ought to and can are two different things.
And so if the questioner whether we have a little consideration for each other, we were sitting in here in a vacuum. We don't have a window to the outside. We stay in here basically the entire four hours. We don't mess with anybody else. We're not looking to jam our speakers up to lay bounced off the wall to screw up other people's work.
It's just the way it is. You know, it's just the way it is. So you have to like adjust the way it is if you have a little bit of consideration for other people. But unfortunately, like I told you, over a year ago when we first came to work for this bum fork outfit, they got a little bunch of people in here and it's all goes back to Greg Reed, you know, like his little inner circle there, the privilege few, the untouchables.
Who can do whatever they want and because their buddies with Greg, nothing will be said. And it's the same with power 96. They got a bunch of small kids working for that outfit. I'm telling you man, they don't speak to you. They don't look at what I don't care. But it's just the whole idea of the attitude.
Like, hey, guess what? Our don't think man. You're a bunch of AM flunkies. You're a bunch of assholes over there.
I'm going to tell you if you took the collective IQ of all the people listening to power 96 right now as I speak and added together, it wouldn't wind up to, that's right, it's still being a minus column.
And everybody with a brain knows that. Listen to that swill that they're pumping out. And then the best part of it is they got a deaf kid working in there who's been a DJ for so many years that his hearing is blown out.
And they got a deaf kid working in there doing the mixing between them and one they wonder why he keeps jamming it up so that the buildings fall into part.
Unacceptable is what it is. Okay, unacceptable. And we still got our little pussy galore sitting in the program director's office at a little teeny tiny table looks like a high chair.
It does. Looks like it looks like our kids high chair for a little baby.
Oh, we need to give him is a rattle and little spoon that like bang on top of that little thing he said that.
Oh, but Greg's got a desk. I ain't believe it. No, I believe it when we see it. You know what I'm saying?
