Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh! You're talking Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for Dayton Browning.
More pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
some easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Brother, could you help or not hold a boy on a Catholic team?
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their final versus better?
Yes.
Well, I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of YouSync My Martyr, comes and gains the whole family can enjoy.
Crucifixion!
Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible, and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful.
If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
Um, I'll take the death.
Um, how about a kid?
Nope, sorry, Billy.
I'm sorry, Jesus.
After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses.
But don't worry, in three days you can play again.
So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
We're not play tonight.
Comes with a small Jesus doll, nails and a tiny spear.
Fake blood wouldn't cross a hammer, not included.
Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers.
New York, a beggar, who we see $2 when he knocked out a monastery door went back a second time and got another $2.
After knocking on the Brooklyn monastery door the third time, one evening the man shoved his way in and demanded more money from the 74 year old Roman Catholic priest when he was turned down.
He started pummeling the priest, police said.
Two other priests, 176 and 178 jumped in to try to stop the beating.
The robber fought off all three priests.
It must be because they're old, I guess, before running away with a set of keys and some personal belongings and a pack of condoms.
Now that wasn't in there.
So there you go.
The reason I mentioned that and the reason I played that good stuff.
I'm not going to do any religion.
I know that it gets a lot of people upset.
We spent all day yesterday.
We got sidetracked.
I wanted to talk about fat people.
They wanted to talk about Jesus and lay into fillin and get laid and stuff like that.
But I do want to find out today since today is As When's Day.
Boy, how can it be already As When's Day?
I thought Easter was like in April.
Around like, pace off time or something?
How can it already be As When's Day?
Let's find out from some of our good Catholic friends out there.
What is the significance of As When's Day?
And if I would have known that, I'd have brought in some God damn charcoal today.
Also, it's all Cuban day.
We had those research that Fat Boy got off the computer.
So we got lots of Hispanics out there.
Maybe they're just no Cubans.
Maybe it's like Puerto Ricans, Mexicans, Brazilian, Colombians.
They've got a lot of Colombians.
So we're going to challenge our Cuban friends to call in today with like,
and each one of them, we don't have to have a lot of material.
Just to say, Matic Cohen, Matic Cohen, and let's take the best 20 of them
and make them in the superstars.
Because that's their favorite word.
That's about, that's the midly of their material.
Come on, let's hear it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 in the mobile one line.
Matic Cohen, come on.
Let's hear it from all our Cuban listeners.
We know you're out there.
You can even disguise your voice.
Put a sock over it in the phone, too.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Okay, can't even spit that out.
How do you like that?
I've always told you when it's out, spit it out.
Mobile in Halea.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time caller always listen.
You want the Cubans to call in, right?
You're Cuban?
Sir, can you hear me?
Hello?
Okay.
You have a feeling that we're having a little bit of a problem here.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
All right.
Yeah, but he didn't tell me if he could hear me or not.
He must hear me because I said, here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Very cool, y'all.
Oh, you Cubans, man.
You're so weak.
Two of the three, like, couldn't be spawned.
They're just so nervous.
Maybe they're just a bunch of pandas.
Could that possibly be it, you think?
Uh-huh.
Got out of you Cubans with...
Look at that.
We should have all six lines floating right now.
Are they our floating?
Here's a mobile in the Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm Cuban.
Yes?
How can I help you with?
I want your best version of Maddy Cone.
I'm the one who calls you Maddy Cone always all the time.
Well, I want you to give me your best shot.
Come on.
Maddy Cone!
No, that wasn't too good.
You got to, like, on the last syllable.
With more energy.
And Foss is, yes.
Maddy Cone!
Oh, that was good.
Okay, Gras, which is Gras, yes.
Thank you.
All right.
He's still number one, Ed Guy.
By the way, Tomatoes can lower cancer risk.
We're having lunch from pizza loft today.
Have you called Jeff yet?
I know it's too early.
He's not there yet.
I don't want to get pushy.
But we're going to be doing...
Because we're going to be...
Not there.
We're going to be picking up, because I'm doing real well on the scale.
Hank, by the way, has lost 30 pounds.
Who tells me you can really see it?
It's not a fan of 30 pounds.
I've lost 13 pounds on this enforced diet that I have no choice.
I'm on the enforced addkins.
I've got no choice.
And I'm doing so good that my blood pressure medication is like down to almost nothing now.
I mean, it's just phenomenal.
Maybe it's just...
Maybe it's that garlic I'm picking, you think so?
No.
No.
Here's a lady, mobile and pompano.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing today?
Okay, man.
I was brought up brainwash Catholic when I was a youngster.
And Ash Wednesday...
What is the best Wednesday?
Getting everybody has to be a lead?
Stupid day.
But what it is is you go on the priest puts little ass stuff on your forehead.
You got the priest ass?
I don't know where they get it from, but it's the beginning of lint.
Or lint, lint, whatever that is.
You're supposed to get something up.
You're supposed to fast today?
No.
Well, what you're supposed to do is today you're supposed to give up something and give it up until Easter.
Like if you smoke, you give up smoking until Easter.
If you eat, you give up eating until Easter or whatever.
It's just really stupid.
And then Easter, you can start...
I like today that the priest is willing to give up his rectum of the altar boys.
That's what I want.
Well, I believe it.
And I do believe that there are altar girls.
I do believe.
Not a long time ago, but recently I think I...
I don't go to church, but I did go to a wedding and...
Well, that's the SNM division.
That's where the nuns like to whip him into shape.
Yeah, I worked for a nunnery at Catholic hospital for two years and I could tell you stories.
300 nuns in one priest.
Yeah.
Yeah, very interesting place.
Service with a smile, I guess.
And also...
You do better, maybe they were all safe.
They're miserable.
But also, I deliver for a living and I deliver flowers to people.
And you know, they can't even say, thank you.
They just wrap them out of your hand and shut the door in your face like you're nothing.
I'm going to tell you a story in a couple minutes about going for a prescription last night.
That you'll just want to cry.
You'll want to sit and hold your head in your hands.
I mean, the service that they have in this town is so pathetic.
And so, where do they get these people?
They must drag them out of a dumpster somewhere.
I don't know.
I got to give up cable, too, because...
Well, you should give up cable anyway, but my cable was out for four days.
And they told me the reason the cable was out was because somebody in the building
was stealing cable.
So, they shut the whole building down for four days.
And now they don't even want to give me credit for the four days.
And this whole town, and they treat you so nasty even if you can get a bird.
I mean, you drive down here and you look around and you can't see one person smiling.
Everybody's miserable, except for the people that are listening to you.
They're smiling.
Most people are kind of windows because they're doing stuff on the inside.
Well, listen, have a happy S1, they swear to you.
Oh, wait, I'm sorry.
I have one more question for you.
I'm driving around.
I see a lot of people driving purple cars.
If you drive a purple car, does that mean you're gay?
Yes.
Thank you, Neil.
Happy S.
Winnie.
See you.
Yes, Ann's Wednesday.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I lost you last time.
You want to hear it?
Maricong.
No, you got the emphasis on the wrong solubble.
You got to be on the last.
Okay.
Maricong.
There you go.
Now you're getting their work on it, okay?
Thank you, Neil.
Okay, he's working on a Maricong.
There, we've got some Cubans coming out of the closet.
It's good.
It's coming out of the ass Wednesday.
And it's coming out of the closet day.
It's the day to give up your record.
We'll follow the road tool because you've got to give up something.
Tomatoes can lower cancer risk, as I started to say before, I so rudely interrupted myself.
Data, most compelling for cancers of the prostate, lung, and stomach.
Now maybe that's why in the Mediterranean, you know, they call it that Mediterranean diet,
the Italians and the Greeks, if I can say that, can I say Greeks?
No.
Well, the Italians anyway.
They eat lots of that pasta and with lots of tomato sauce, lots and lots of tomato sauce,
and pizza, and pasta.
And I'm just about every goddamn thing.
They're just big into tomatoes because they got the thing is they have good tomatoes.
Unlike here, especially like in Florida, where the tomatoes are all green and then they gas
them to make them look red or make them look at least a little orange because they're so bad.
But nevertheless, this is a tremendous study.
It says many forms of tomatoes, especially, we're talking cooked, processed.
Although it says here raw, the other thing I read today says raw tomatoes don't do with the
amping for it.
They're not as effective.
It's better if it's cooked or processed like ketchup, spaghetti sauce, tomato paste,
soup, and even salsa.
All of these things.
Help tremendously to fight cancer.
So all you guys worried about your prostate and believe me, you ought to be start just packing it
in and the sauce too.
Ketchup.
Just start swillin' ketchup out of the bottle.
By the way, you know, in Amsterdam they use mayonnaise under French fries.
John, we've all come up with something to tell me that.
And I said, I know already I've been there 60 times.
I know.
Yeah, they use mayonnaise under your fries.
Get the f*** out of here.
Yeah, right.
They use mayonnaise.
They're shmurrin' it.
I wouldn't be surprised if they even use mayonnaise on their...
Correct, don't you?
They just tap it like it, you know.
A lot of goyem over there.
Goyem like mayonnaise.
Dude's not so much.
Maybe in chicken salad.
I put some lotion in the basket.
When the food came down, I been home crying in my bed.
I turned up the feed because they said the NBA said,
Well, Brian, when you look too wide, why don't you practice that to free throw lies?
And you could help the crowd and help the kids mom without my...
Oh, right.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, 14-5-60-70.
I'm sure you guys have done people around this town.
This bit that I just played is a new ACN bit.
It was not Bokeh Bryant, okay?
But the anti-Bokeh Bryant guy.
They asked me to hold a misfit with that 8-8 number or whatever it is.
This guy calls right off the bed.
Remember, just barely on the air in this morning.
And already because this guy's got such a full rich life screaming and hollering on a film with George.
Bokeh Brian, talk about that wasn't Bokeh Brian was that Bokeh Brian? No. So you lose and you're you're really slipping pal
You're really slipping if you're gonna knock Bokeh Brian and make all of these goddamn phone calls
At least you better know which bits are his and which are not you jackass speaking of jackasses by the way
Made your scandal in our sales department
I
Got this morning said in George were Scotch warts late. They haven't seen our friends got towards
He used to work with us. He was a GTR that he was at IOD and then he was at the coast and then he was at
PMI
And then he was out of work and then he was over here and I told him I said Scott
You don't want to come to work in this place. I'm begging you. I'm telling you
You're not you're just not gonna be able to deal with this. This is a place unlike you've ever seen before in your life
And I've noticed last several days that I just haven't seen him around and
George says oh I'm glad you asked me that he just kind of like disappeared in the middle of the night just the vanished
Vanished out of this place in the thin air and on the other end of the scale
On the heavy duty into the scale a fat boy Jeff. I what all the things that I've told you about Jeff. I are two multiply times a hundred
Walking problem a big fat walking problem comes to me at the end of the show yesterday and says oh I
Hey, palie. Hey, palie. How about the higher Leah? Can I get you do live spots for higher Leah?
And I looked at him with a look of incredulity and I said no
No, no, no higher Leah track. Okay a place that is a pox a
Pock mark on the progress of the human race the anxious John Bernetti in higher Leah Park
And I'm gonna do live endorsements for higher Leah. I don't think so fat boy
And then as I wandered on here yesterday
It's on I mean that this was his general motor software and they always coming to me with stuff that I wore that I didn't want to do and
Half of the time trying to sneak it on here anyway
Nice go at fat boy, but pretty much whatever you're gonna bring down here the answer is always gonna be no just that in general principle because you're full of crap
Cut not on this full of crap is sand the intaman our promotions band. That's my new name for him by the way
One of the untouchables here sand the intaman
It was sand who started all those stories about Josh the mother weren't stories there were two stories about him
Being up in a press box and practically chasing Aliterin his daughter out of there at the Panther San Jose game Monday night
Because he was obnoxious and overbearing and probably smelled bad too that was sand the shandit's the intaman started those stories
And then of course once they got on here Greg read turn on the arriders Greg with see no matter where you work
I'm sure a lot of you you know you work for a living you go to the office wherever you work
There's got to be at least one or two people who really have no particular function
They're there, but they're just taking up space or in this case like they're part of the bosses
extended family. They're one of the untouchables and so when those people like hang around
But basically all they have to do is make a lot of troubles throughout a lot of crap because they don't really have a job definition
So on those rare moments when they actually showed their face or they're around the operation wherever you're working all they do is make trouble
Sand the intaman we're on the use sweetheart
Maybe maybe you got the wool over the rise you got to make it pictures upstairs. You're not fooling anybody down here on the second floor
Here's a mobile in Lantana hello
Mobile in Lantana
Cuban
I got to tell you yeah
go
Leo
Yeah
El Maricone grindissimo in total world no no no in America we say don't Maricone aso. That's the word oh Maricone aso
Oh, don't get aso. Okay. Have a great taste. Whatever. He's not cuba, but he's some kind of spicking line tanner get the search party out
They're not too big on that stuff up in Palm Beach County. I'll tell you that right now no spicketing lace
We have an open line in Broward to indeed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello
Neil does a Jewish Cuban colon and say Murray Cohen Marie Cohen right
Okay, sure it's sweet right to the point weak
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello. I don't need it. Yes. I am a Leo
Guarantee and I can say
All right, that was good that would put that one on the list. That was the best
Set up with some feeling with some oomphases
Anyway, there was a story we had Monday which we got no response too much we don't give much response to anything
But I just keep plotting along. I don't expect any response especially about something that's like really important like sex
But Newsweek magazine has got more details here than ever before bad news in the bedroom a
Sex study finds widespread dysfunction way to near these numbers and I just I you know
They're all these surveys all these polls. There are a lot of people all the guys out there have a pool problem
for example
lack of interest in sex and it has it by demographics by age by gender
18 to 29 32 percent of women 18 to 29 have a lack of interest in sex
14 percent of men
18 to 29 suffer from a lack of interest in sex does anybody believe this no where did they find these people in some kind of like a not-house somewhere
14 percent of men between the ages of 18 and 29 have a lack of interest in sex and 32 percent of women
Now it's also interesting to see education the dumber they are well
I shouldn't say that the less educated they are then that's not much better less educated the dumber they are
The less school they've completed the more problems they've got
For example less than high school if you have haven't finished high school
42 percent of those women are not interested in sex. I would think they'd be more interested
They got a lot of time on their hands and
19 percent of men
Who didn't finish high school have a suffer from a lack of interest in sex
But if you had some college or a college graduate only 14 percent of men and only 24 percent of women
So the greater your education see this is the old this is a turnaround on the old stereotypes you know about the trailer trash
I
Mean they're reproducing like rabbits because they don't bother with no protection
But that doesn't mean they're interested or doing it that much or maybe they're just doing it for a kill some time
But they're not all that interested and
Then we get to the way to do here this
This has got to be a bogus study okay
Race or ethnicity white people this is all ages 29 percent of women and 14 percent of men
Suffer from a lack of interest in sex black however
44 percent of black women and
19 percent of black men have a lack of interest in sex
Hispanic
30 percent of women and 13 percent of men 1 percent lower than the white folk
So Hispanics as we see it. That's why they don't have time to call us every day because they're too busy doing it
With themselves with each other with you know with the molasses tree anything that moves is there such a thing as a molasses
Three whatever kind of tree that is
Nick a what a maple tree has molasses. How about the what what about maple syrup?
How about some pancakes by the no we're getting tomato sauce today. We're getting pizza locked lots of tomato sauce
Just leave it on your ponytail
We're fighting cancer. We're not picking out just keep that's keeping that to yourself. We're fighting cancer
Now wait for you to this can't achieve orgasm
Men 18 to 29 well women 18 to 29
26 percent
Men 7 percent
Can't achieve orgasm. I'm assuming that's a in intercourse. I'm assuming that okay
7% of men 18 to 29 cannot achieve orgasm squirt squirt
Do you believe that?
Must be true. It's in right in newsweek. Yeah, and then it goes on 30 to 39 40 to 49
It's pretty consistent there men 7% and then as they get older and up to 9% but there's not that much difference
And the same with women
In fact with the women the older they get the number goes down maybe practice makes perfect with the women
It goes down from 26 to 23 percent can't achieve orgasm
And then it goes on about those who are currently married never married divorced and so on and then we get back to the education thing again
Less than high school number than sawdust 34 percent of the women that's the highest number of all of them can't achieve orgasm
And again the highest number 11 percent of the men
I guess nobody showed those guys showed them a diagram of that billy goat way to put it
Huh 11 percent of men who did not graduate high school cannot achieve orgasm
High school graduate 29 percent of the women 7 percent of the men college graduate and some college much much lower in fact college graduate only 18 percent of the women
Can't achieve orgasm only 7 percent of the men were back to that original 7 percent which I don't believe
They're just they're just faking it pretending they can't achieve it so they can keep trying over and over again
Didn't work that time honey. Let's do it again
And race or ethnicity again
Those poor black women man they're just uh, but I don't know how they're popping out all in babies. They're reproducing like rabbits
But they're not interested in number one and number two can't achieve orgasm 24 percent of a white woman of all ages
32 percent of black women and only 22 percent of his spanic women
How do you like that the Hispanic women are like doing it or least that they're better actresses one or the other
And men white men 7 percent can't achieve orgasm
But black and Hispanic 9 percent just can't uh, can't quite get it get it get it there can't get it done
And wait till we get to the premature ejaculation
18 to 13 18 to 29
Third and of course obviously it's only men
Obviously
18 to 29 30 percent of the men suffer from premature
score-score-score evaluation climax to early
13 to 39 it goes up even worse. They're not getting better. They get worse 32 percent
score score score score score score
30 to 49 backed out of 28 percent but 50 to 59
score score score score
31 percent so that's like about a turd
Isn't that what the woman usually says when that happens you turd
That's about a turd of the men climaxing too early a little bit over excitement there not enough for play just
Whatever wang band. Thank you man
Racers ethnicity, white men, 29% climax to Rally, Hispanic only 27%.
The Hispanics seem to be the experts when it comes to sex.
They're everybody satisfied.
But the black folk, 34% of the black men are too early.
Maybe because the women are not interested, they want to get it over with quick.
I don't know what it is.
And it's got pain during sex.
Women only of course.
It's fantastic.
Amazing.
So like I said, the Americans talk a good game.
They're talking about it a lot, but there's not a lot of problems during the end of the
bedroom and on the living room on the sofa and on the office desk and in the oral office.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Boy, I'm on a board.
See.
Gracias.
A little bit late on that.
Here's a mobile in my, I'm on my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my,
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is an educated white male who does like to come and his white.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Go to a good education.
Maybe if you learn nothing else, I'll teach you about sex, how to do it right.
There you go.
I got a good mic on for you.
Yes.
Ready?
My organ.
Oh.
Okay.
See you.
Maddy gone.
That's my favorite.
Let's see.
If you want to understand the Cuban population, that's the only need to learn one word.
We don't have to get this bilingual bull crap.
Maddy gone.
That kind of sums up like, you know.
You can't help it.
That's their background.
They've been indoctrinated by the Cat Lake Church Day.
It's Ask Wednesday and they've got to give up something so they're giving up their record.
Father or tool.
And that's the way it is.
That's a cultural thing.
That's what we're all exerting from certain other ethnic groups.
Oh, it's a cultural thing.
Well, there you go.
They got their cultural thing too.
Maddy gone.
That's it.
This is racing stands for nothing.
Okay.
Well, the reason I'm not playing anything right now, it's 1031 a QN by the way for you without a watch,
is because we have to do two, five minute breaks now because the, the audio vault,
that piece of crap equipment we got screwed up on the first break.
Oh, I thought it was only one.
I thought it was a place for the other one.
Okay.
Like I said.
So hey, we want to move right along.
Okay, we don't want to do a likely one.
A morning show with those 15 minute breaks and about then come back for two minutes and then go to an update and then do another 15 minute break.
Because we'd like to hold at least a little bit of the audience.
Okay, we'd like to hold it.
And everyone on the way out of beholden the two because these statistics even George said,
even over-sex George said that this survey is very disturbing and astonishing.
About a third, a little bit under a, pretty close, pretty much too close to a third of men climax to early.
And of course we know even without any more statistics on here that those are all heterosexuals by the way.
Because with us fags you don't make no difference.
But anyway.
Sirius problem there, a serious little problem.
So let me tell you, speaking of problems about my experience, do I dare mention it was Walgreens I shouldn't do that because I like Walgreens a lot.
So I won't mention that it was Walgreens over there at the Sunrise in Navhill.
I won't see which one.
So anyway, as you know the story of my rash and the sun going thing in the allergy to Adlet.
And by the way, thanks to you with the lady in plantation.
She's the best doctor of the mall.
Thank you again, sweetheart.
She's the one who planted that in my mind.
And so when I went to Dr. Paskudnyak at Cleveland Clinic and I mentioned about the lady calling about the Adlet.
And he said, yeah, those are all symptoms of allergies to Adlet.
He got me off of that.
And my pressure is great now.
Thank you, sweetheart.
That's for you.
You're the best.
But anyway, so the dermatologist to give me some of this cream to shimmer on my neck for this rash.
It's only been a couple of months.
I mean, you know, I'm a little impatient.
And it is going away.
It's going away.
There's like maybe a, I would say 90% back in the ballpark now.
But there's a little bit of it left.
So they said to me, my dermatologist, I saw him in the game on the I had to hockey game.
He said, keep smirking that stuff on there. It'll go away.
So I've been smirking it on there, but they had only a few little samples they gave me.
So they'd give me a prescription for a big bottle of this, uh, whatever the hell it's called.
Some kind of cream you smir on there.
Shmir cream.
So I take the prescription yesterday on a way home from Mommy's house.
I take the prescription to my Walgreens where I buy all my prescriptions.
And I spend thousands of dollars on prescriptions there every year, by the way.
I was one of their first best customers.
See, it's interesting, you know, in the beginning when these doors first open,
because there's one there be street corner and that creates a Walgreens.
Every street corner, there's another one.
And when they first open, you know, they, they, they ought to kiss the ground that any of us actually lived close enough to go in there and patronize them.
And to keep them going until they all get too busy, because one thing in this time, you can ever have too many drug stores.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yeah, exactly.
Everybody's got prescription drugs.
Every ball of us were all sick, especially the old farts.
So anyway, this place is a zoo now.
But at four o'clock I go in there, I get a cyst of the pharmacist.
Uh, you know, I give them a prescription, I said, I'll come back around six.
Now, if there was a problem with that coming back around six,
he should have said, well, I don't really backed up making around six, 30 minutes.
He didn't look to me. No problem.
Okay, it's in the computer.
Your name, you get all your stuff, you're fine.
I go back to the store five minutes till six.
I know I'm always a little bit prematurely early like, uh,
score, score, score.
All these guys in the survey. I'm a little bit prematurely early.
Five to six.
There's a couple of people standing online, three or four.
And of course, they also have the drive through prescription, three out outside.
This is one of the worst things, one of the worst ideas.
You people that go through the drive through to get your prescription still.
And I've done it at, uh, you know, a couple of stores shame on you.
Because you don't really think that the store is like, like when you go through, uh,
like George mentioned, Burger King or McDonald's or Wendy's,
the same people that are feeding the people inside and taking care of your orders are not the same ones to do in the orders at the drive through window.
They have separate people taking care of that.
Do they do that at the drug stores?
No.
However many two or three people that they got, they had worked on 6000 prescriptions inside and waiting on the customers inside,
those are the same ones that have to take care of the people driving up outside.
What are you shaking your head about? That's the way it works, Mr. Dumbledore.
That's insane. Well, that's insane.
And that's why now if you've got to go pick up prescription,
tell me you're going to pick it up at seven and then show up like at 10 o'clock at night.
And they're all sorry, we're closed.
Seriously. And then maybe if you're lucky, they'll slide it out of the door.
So anyway, I am waited on finally.
You know, I'm not the most patient person in the world to say the very best.
And I'm waited on by a, I don't want to, how do I say this delicately, okay?
A young minority lady, let's leave it at that.
Now, I understand that all you people in retail,
you're all under a lot of pressure, EEO, PEO, whatever to have with this CEO,
but EEO, if you're going to hire people that aren't really all that swift,
why not have them putting all the stationary supplies out there?
You know, why not have them straightening out the candy aisle?
Why would you have, because as I left there, finally, after this experience,
I'm thinking to myself, if these are the kind of people that are working in the prescription department,
how many people are really getting the right, you know what I'm saying?
What we're hearing about people getting the wrong prescription
and in the hospital they get it at the drugstore.
So anyway, I tell her my name, my real name of course, which I do all my business under.
And she starts looking through the bags, you know, under the beads,
she starts looking in there.
And then she looks at me again to spell out for me again, okay?
And I spell it forward again, and she's pochking around and looking in.
And now, of course, now she's also running over to the window of the drive-through people,
because she's got some of a bitch out there that she's not finished taking care of out there.
And now she's all, and of course, by the time she comes back, what was that again?
How do you spell out?
And this is the third time, okay?
Now she goes over and looks fumbles through all of the stuff that's sitting on the counter
that they haven't put in the bins yet.
You've seen that.
And she's looking and looking.
And now the line is starting to get longer.
There's a plantation porker in there, there's about a half a dozen people,
now there's seven people.
The line is getting longer and longer.
And they got about two or three people filling prescriptions behind there
that are obviously just 8 million miles behind.
They just can't catch up.
She comes back, she looks in the bin again.
She turns around and says to me, after she goes back to the drives her window,
we're going to say, oh, we're walking out of her line.
And she comes back to me.
Now what was that name again?
What was the first name?
This is the fourth time.
I'm not making this up, okay?
I have no reason to exaggerate.
She dittles around, and now she's looking through, you know, on the little bins
that have the prescription bags in them.
It'll say like BA, BE, you know, to give an idea so you don't have to look through all of them.
Now she's looking through like BT.
Well, I guess what?
There's no T in mine.
She comes back again after dittling through all these bags, which is obviously not a near yet.
And she's got a little slip of paper and a pencil.
And she says, what was that last name?
How do you spell it again?
This is the fifth time.
And I said to her, I said, are we on-candered camera?
Where's the camera?
I'm looking around.
Where's this joke?
And I start spelling it for her, and she writes down like ZQX.
I mean, not exactly that, but letters that haven't been invented in my name yet.
Now the prescription guy comes over, the guy that I had dropped it off with, the pharmacist,
and he says, oh yeah, it's over there.
It'll be a few minutes.
I said, well, he said six o'clock.
I look at my watch, it's now a minute till six.
He's now a little bit a few minutes.
So I'm sitting there.
Now the next woman, a middle-aged woman, comes up.
There she's been standing behind me while I was going on, with the same girl waiting on her.
And believe it or not, exactly, she must have spelled her name 792,000 times,
given the first name 2,184,000 times.
And to be honest with you, I'm not really sure she ever even got this stuff.
And then finally, after going back and forth, and the disc girl says there,
well, do you know what the prescription was for?
What the drug was?
And she says, no.
I'm going to tell you something.
You folks in retail, if you want to keep hiring dumb people, you're going to lose business.
That's all I can tell you.
I'm talking dumb.
I'm not saying that was necessarily her fault it wasn't ready yet.
But how many times can you ask a person the same goddamn question before they finally just start screaming?
I actually said it.
Are we on candid camera?
Is this a joke?
And she just looked at it with a straight face.
Okay, she didn't know candid camera from her rectum.
She didn't even know what I was talking about.
So it wasn't funny, it wasn't amusing, it wasn't sarcastic.
It was like she was non-plus by it.
Honey, I'm going to tell you something.
Straighten out those candy aisle, sweetheart.
Get those envelopes in the paper wrap pads all straightened out there in the stationery.
But stay out of the prescription department.
People's lives depend on that crap.
Peridians, dumb as dirt.
We're staying soon.
Don't go out on your own.
Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around, but you won't see.
See it in the home with the D.D.
When nothing's on the path to the marvelous feeling of making butter patties, stick it a ceiling,
smoking in the bathroom, making out in the hall, or hitting a fat kid with a speeding dodgeball.
Yeah, I remember that way.
A throw a paper wand over the fire alarm, blow up the toilet with a cherry bomb.
Dice a confrug in biology class, find yourself a nerd and winch his hand.
Will you be a hit in chemistry when you make a class about your well-edged beast?
Start a food fight, you milk out your nose, or when you go to school.
With anything goes, and stay in school.
Don't go out on your own.
Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
But search all around, but you won't see.
See it in the home with the D.D.
Search all around, but you won't see.
A city in home with the D.D.
Okay, at 10.46 at 5.60 W.Q.M.
Now, see I'm one of the very few people who come on here and speak about that experience I had in Walgreens because most people,
well, we're going to offend somebody.
Too bad you're offending me. It's my money I'm spending, okay?
I spend a fortune that you want every goddamn year.
When I go into a retail establishment or any place I'm going to spend my money,
I don't expect that they're going to be treated by some imbecile who hasn't got any idea what they're doing.
And it's going to keep me in there like 10 times longer than I should have been there in the first place.
Part of the problem with this whole thing has been with this EEOCRAP,
and that is that there are minority people who are really educated.
They're not going to work those kind of jobs, because they're put ahead of everybody else in like real jobs.
So when you go to your Wendy's or Burger King or into your Walgreens,
and I'm not saying always, but very often unfortunately,
some of the ethnic minorities not to speak, you know, single anybody out,
who are working in those places are morons.
Because they're working for minimum wage, you're next to it.
And so when you order your waffle with the fries and you drive away and you get 10 blocks up the road
and realize you got a fish sandwich with onion rings, you know, that's profit of course.
Because you do a business with dumb people.
And because McDonald's and Burger King and Wendy's, they want to pay people minimum wage.
Like that bit said, they're not going to pay it 20 bucks an hour to flip hamburgers
and to stick burgers and fries in a goddamn bag.
And like I said before, educated people.
Now why is it though that young white people, not always, but most of the time,
like high school kids that are working in those fast food joints,
how come they seem to get the order right?
No, you've just been prejudiced.
No, seriously, am I wrong about that?
Did I just make that up because I'm a bigot? I don't think so.
Well, I pull up to a fast food joint.
I don't care what ethnic people are the person behind the counter is.
As long as they wash their hands once this week, I don't give a crap.
But what is the problem with that?
You automatically know when you pull into some of those places
and you see the people in there that are like putting your stuff together.
Oh boy, wow, you know it.
And you're laughing, but you know what's the goddamn truth?
By the way, great, it's not a postcard.
It's a photo that somebody sent me, Ron,
one of our Panther fans in Section 102, from Alta, Utah.
Took this on a recent ski trip at Alta, Utah.
And here's a picture with a road sign.
And it's got two names with an arrow to the right, east, really.
And the second place is called Glory Hole.
You're looking for Glory Hole.
So if you're looking for Glory Hole, you'll find them in Utah.
Because that's why we're in Snatch Likes that out there so much.
I mean, am I accent too much to go into a place
and have somebody be able to know what they're doing and speak English
and know what I'm talking about and write down the right name
where I ask them to be 15 or 20 different times.
And then if it was just me, I'd have said, well, maybe she hated my guts.
But then the next woman went through the same goddamn thing.
And the plantation broker obviously wanted to make the donut sale
on the corner there.
He just finally gave up and walked away.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, this is for a lot of them.
Okay, I said, here's for a lot of them.
Hey.
Yeah.
Oh.
Are you going to say anything or not?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, let's go.
Let's go. Let's go with it.
Okay.
We'll show.
Yeah.
The ancient circle down in Miami.
Yeah.
And sometimes should be done about saving it.
Is a Michael bomb bomb?
Yeah, I talked about that yesterday.
I said, nobody's interested.
Okay, get out of here.
Bug off.
That was a good call.
Open line in the Broward All 3 and Dade.
I guess the service and Dade must be real good because we're not getting calls about it from
Dade.
Five, six.
Well, I'm not getting calls about it.
Period.
I'm the only one.
And of course, all these things, see, this is another thing.
You've been conditioned.
I'm not saying that you ought to start a food fight.
And there is something.
You start throwing a fit and spasming out and falling on the floor.
But everybody else is like very mellow.
And then you can see they're starting to dance from one foot to the other back and forth
as they're waiting longer and longer.
But they're very obedient and very quiet because I guess they want to survive.
They want to live and get their prescription and they want to get arrested by the plantation
poker that's standing there.
But you're too passive, man.
You're too easy on these bastards.
You're giving them their money or your insurance is given.
Somebody's given them money for you to get that stuff.
Here's a mobile-in-fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
It's a rough day.
You know, I couldn't agree with you more about the pharmacy.
You know, my father told me many, many years ago, he said, you know,
I put up with all kinds of crafts and rigmarole to make my money,
but I won't spend one ounce of craft to spend it.
I won't take one ounce of it.
Right.
So I couldn't agree more.
It's unbelievable.
I mean, we're talking about people so stupid that it's like when I dropped the thing off there,
just for getting about this girl.
When you dropped something off at the drop off thing, and I can come back at six at seven,
I mean, you know, until it closes, it doesn't make no difference to me.
Why not say we're really backed up?
Why not make it six, thirty or seven o'clock?
Is that okay?
And that is fine.
You know, no problem.
Don't tell me okay, and then I come back and sit around for fifteen or twenty minutes
and watch this Vodville Act going on there.
I couldn't agree more.
I got a very simple last name, it's four letters, and they have to ask me three, four times.
And that's just unbelievable.
It's astonishing.
You really do believe there's got to be hidden cameras somewhere in their pulling your leg.
I'm glad I did.
And I've been in the same pharmacy for at least, I'm going to say seven years,
and they still have to ask me a summary name.
Sir, I've been in this pharmacy since the day they opened a couple years ago,
whatever it's been two or three years, since the day they opened, I started to learn my prescriptions there.
I've spent thousands of dollars in there, and of course, you know, when you have the changing,
we used to have a pharmacist in there, I knew real well, it was a listener.
And he was an older guy, and every time I go in, he knew me.
You know, if you go into a place where they know you, then the chances there's a problem are much less.
But when they're changing the help, you know, when it's that revolving door in every five minutes,
there's somebody new in there, forget it.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Well, good luck to pal.
You too.
Good luck to us.
Open line, Broward to and date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Halea. Hello.
I'm all of her nail.
You're holding for him? You're speaking to him.
Oh, hi, nail. Yes, sir.
You go into the pharmacy, and you tell the clerk what you exactly won as far as your RX refill.
You could back six hours later, and they don't have it.
They said, well, we never, we never got it.
It doesn't matter.
I've had that happen.
Yeah, we don't have anything to refill your prescription.
Well, I gave it to you. Six hours ago.
I've had a doctor call on a prescription.
I show up there at the joint, and I get there, and they say, oh, we have no record of it.
And then like the next day, I'll get a phone call.
Oh, well, we found it. You still want it?
Yeah, right. Incredible.
We found it.
And of course, when you look at the way they do the stuff behind the counter, you see all these RX slips,
you know, all these the pages, and they've got them all over the place, and she mirrored all over the desk there.
It's a miracle they get anybody's stuff right.
Right.
I wonder how many people are killing themselves right now taking crap that wasn't their prescription in the first place.
Incredible.
Now I have some good news for you.
Yes, sir.
I was able to sit down and actually eat a half pint.
A half pint.
I have a half pint of it.
Well, you're still in the minor leagues, but I better get with it. Practice makes perfect.
Eat all the stuff that I can't eat.
Now, like I said, hammered, the Humper has lost 30 pounds, I've lost 13.
43 pounds between it.
We're doing it.
Not by choice because it's called staying alive, I think is what it's all about.
That's what the BG said.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you ever been to a drive-through down in Miami, the Spanish section of Miami?
Yes.
Okay.
So people that that's here are much more pleasant, poor dial.
They want to help you.
Yeah.
Has it been the ones here in North Florida, which we get a bunch of Africans?
Africans.
Or whatever.
Africans, yeah.
Africa, yeah.
The attitude is totally different.
That's true.
I would agree with that.
And also.
And the reason being that the people, unfortunately, I mean, just a fact of life, that people in the Hispanic parts of the community
have a much better education, including the young people.
And then when you go into a lot of these other parts of town, that the young people that are working behind there
from minimum wage, you do not be too bright in many cases.
Well, well, I don't know what in many cases, in most, be a lot.
Be money.
The Spanish people pick pride in their job.
And that's why we, sir, that's why we need more Asians down here.
Have you ever encountered a dumb Chinese guy or a gr...never?
Never in my life have I encountered a dumb Asian.
I'm sure that because there's so many of them, and they reproduce like rabbits for a long time there,
I'm sure that there's got to be some dumb Asians.
But I've never encountered one anywhere in a restaurant or anywhere.
They're smart.
Yeah.
They've got to brainen the user.
Okay.
God bless you, sir, and stick around in a little bit.
mention my name.
Then you'll see bad service.
We have an open-line in Broward.
5.6705.
60M.
And I realize this sounds, you know, you're not supposed to say these things.
Too bad.
Too bad.
You people, and I know you're under a lot of pressure.
You got to hire this, and then the government comes in and that's what's wrong with that.
That's what's wrong with that.
A whole concept of affirmative action quotas all this bull crap.
Thank God we're finally getting away from that garbage.
You never started in the first place.
You can't make up for hundreds of years of discrimination by now discriminating against people that
I've got to brain.
You can't do that.
You have people in education, and let them go out there and compete, you know, like on an even keel.
But people who are uneducated, you know, trying to try to fake their way through, taking somebody else's job,
I don't buy that.
I don't care what kind of job it is.
Whether they're on TV, doing a TV news person, or whether they're with a flopped on hamburgers and McDonald's.
I mean, is that a difficult job?
And of course it also entails, you know, making change even at the drive-through.
You got to feel the change.
Thank God for those new registers, by the way, that show you, you know, it's all digital, it's all electronic.
Here's the amount of change you got to give back.
What would these people do today?
I don't want to sound like an old, funny, dirty.
But I used to work in my father's store in retail, okay, for a long time.
And, you know, we didn't have any of that crap, or it shows you how much change to give.
You learned to make change.
Whether it was in the supermarket or any kind of a retail, you learned to make change for a $20 bill, whatever the hell it was.
But now, if you went to your supermarket, they didn't have the digital thing,
there's a readout that shows how much change you get for whatever bill you just gave them.
You would still be standing there from, like, last week.
And then, of course, if you give them, like, if it's an automatic change, you give them, like, a nickel or, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-oh.
Woo-hoo!
Don't be messing with me now, man.
Let it work. It's evolved from men.
All the swing cops.
Not your average cops.
All the swing cops.
I like my job a lot.
I've been looking for a place where the actions never stop.
All the swing cops.
My father used to dress me up.
All the swing cops.
It's about your way to be tough.
So, everybody more havin' too much fun.
When I called the dude, my life is full.
But that's not the only thing I like to pull.
I worshiped him as my kind of man.
And I wore my black jacket.
I forget so well.
I thought you give in head.
I forget so well.
And your legs were spread.
I forget so well.
I'm gonna haul you away.
And make everyone in the community safe.
I'm a swing cop.
I take the swing men's home.
I'm a swing cop.
I can't score on my own.
I'm the pleasure police with a great big purple bow.
Just remember, Ken Jennings is the instance price.
It's $1103.560 WQIN.
Here's a mobile in Orlando.
Hello.
Anything else?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, my friend?
Great.
Listen, how about Boston Chicken?
What was the last time you ever ate there?
Just before they closed.
You want to talk about the thing?
Just before they went out of business out by the assault press.
You know why they went out of business?
Yeah.
They had a new newspaper said, for all morons, please reply.
I've never in my life seen anything like that in my life.
Yeah.
They are the stupidest.
But you know, I try telling the manager that one time.
And of course, they give you a look like, well, yeah, you know, I just don't know what to say.
I'm just a pathetic, you go in here and they had...
Well, first of all, it was the setup in Boston Chicken was a place where it was hard to figure out the whole deal anyway.
You know, with the side dishes and with the kitchen with that.
And so if the customer couldn't figure it out, how could some of those stupid kids be on a counter figure without?
Right, well, they would have been serving collard greens and chitlins.
I think they would have done a lot better in there.
Yeah.
So anyway.
Yeah.
How about a big douchebag from my friends in Disney World?
Okay, or for you, too.
Okay, chitlins and greens.
You know what he's trying to say?
Get the grip.
Okay.
We have an open line.
It really tends to be a little clannish up there in Orlando.
I'm not saying that all dumb kids that work in the joints are black.
Too many of them, unfortunately.
There are some dumb white kids and dumb Hispanic kids.
No dumb Asian kids, though.
See, that's the problem.
Let's take a lot of the people that are, you know, the kid passed a test.
In other words, if their IQ is smaller than their thumbnail size, let's send it up to Vancouver with Edgelvenoski, okay?
They got to that's far enough away.
Then they can't find their way back.
And let's bring in like busloads and busloads of Asian people.
Any so-called multi-ethnic community that doesn't have like hundreds of thousands of Asian people is not a multi-ethnic community.
This is a banana-bow place.
We could use a Chinatown somewhere.
Right.
Whoever heard of a major city that doesn't have a Chinatown.
Whoever heard of that.
Toronto, they got two Chinatowns.
Not here.
Here we got banana-bowed town.
And we got Dumbo town.
And then we got the over town, not that's bad.
That would be bad.
Here's it.
Well, just fit in there.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I live in the Northeast, North Miami, you know, 42 years of my whole life.
This used to be a really good town.
Yes, sir.
I know the neighborhood has changed, right?
I never ride a bike.
I used to don't point the public's over there, on 127th Street, in the Boulevard.
I worked there as a kid, as a bag boy.
And back then, you did your job, and you didn't talk.
I go over there now and the cashiers are bantering back to the board.
That's right.
I talk it over here and I look at the manager and I go, like, what's the deal?
Why is this going on?
And I jump in their face and say, hey, you're on my time.
Get back in those groceries and get the phone number a call them later.
It's a bunch of crap.
The same thing with the fast foods.
I mean, you can get a trained monkey.
How can you screw up an order at this?
Now you didn't say a trained monkey.
I'm sorry.
But you're talking with the cash register.
Could you imagine if they didn't have the technology they have now?
No, you'd be in there till midnight.
Exactly.
You'd never get to food, and then you get your food wrong.
I never go to those fast food stuff.
My ex-wife used to take the kids all the time.
I mean, nine out of 10 times, she'd come home and the order would be screwed up.
For you to screw it up.
But I blame management that they don't really get on their case.
Right.
You're right.
They're not paying any attention.
Any attention?
They're walking around in the ozone.
I mean, they wouldn't last two minutes with me.
Hey, listen, what are we going to tell you when they don't even say thank you when they
give you the change?
They just slap it in your hair.
They slap it in your hair.
And look through the other way to continue their conversation with Bozo down at the end
of the counter.
You know that you're in a place where they just don't give a crap about you.
The management blows.
They wouldn't have a clue how to make money.
I worked all my life over to beach in Belharve where I worked at Belm around to see if
you don't tell.
Let me tell you something.
You got to know how to make money.
You've got to treat people right.
Right.
You know, and these people, if they had to make a living, that's how to do business,
they'd start.
That's for sure.
I hate to break the news to some of these managers, but there's a lot of supermarkets and
there's a lot of drug stores and there's a lot of, you know, look, every kind of business
you're in, there's plenty of them all over the place.
Listen, there's one thing I want to touch on.
I was reading Barry Jackass.
Even if you're a proctologist, there's plenty of asshole doctors.
I was reading Barry Jackass, as Colin, I think Sunday or Saturday.
Yeah.
And he's on about the forest.
And what a great 15 minutes that Cackelfest is.
And the first 15 minutes of that Cackelfest on Saturday morning, I'm going, what is he
talking about?
Are you serious?
The Banta, what do I miss then?
Yeah.
The Banta is the first 15 minutes of the Cackelfest on Saturday morning.
It's some of the greatest sports roundtable around.
And I go, what?
That show isn't even a sports show.
Not even a sports show.
He's talking about his trade out deals.
That's part of his deal here.
They have the same scam going on in IOD and they made it part of the deal.
But he came over here.
Is that just a Schmierfest or a depot to get a lot of trade stuff?
That's why he's working a sixth day.
Can we tell us something?
I mean, I don't get it.
But when you expect to get from Barry Jackass, Barry Jackass is going to tell you anything
about what the ratings are on this vacation.
Well, he's really his popular.
He's not going to tell you anything about Hank.
No, of course not because he's just because we talk the truth about him.
He's a Jackass.
Exactly.
All right, buddy.
Have a great day.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to have to start getting up early and listen to the first 15 minutes of that
Cackelfest on Saturday morning.
I must be missing out.
I must be missing out.
No.
Must be.
Open line of day 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got hanged from Schule today to a clock, boogster at 6 8 o'clock to pregame.
Panthers at Dallas.
Why that could be really ugly at 8 30 tonight.
Florida sucks.
And if we all stick together, management will recognize our demands.
And a better workplace can be enjoyed by all.
She and Sally, I've never seen you like this before.
You just sit on the corner and hardly say a word.
You seem real comfortable.
Did you get yourself a pair of those new bearer-ets and Thunderwear?
I know for me when I'm wearing panties that ride up on a bitch all day.
And with bearer-ets and sit feels like you're not wearing any panties at all.
I went one step better and got the new bear-bottom panties.
All they are is a couple of the last few shops that make it look like you're wearing
panties.
Actually, I'm not wearing panties at all.
Just before coming to the new meaning.
I lifted up my skirt and box in my counting.
He slammed me on the cotton machine.
I feel great.
Bear-bottom panties.
They feel like you're wearing nothing at all because you aren't wearing anything at
all.
If you want me to take you in the five-twenty-benties, if I were to go into a convenience store,
I don't want to start doing this whole ethnic thing here today.
Do I?
No, of course not.
Do I?
But I mean, you go to a convenience store and it's one of those laundry heads that's
in Pakistan.
They're always very intelligent, very friendly.
They don't maybe speak the best English.
They may say, may I be helping you please?
Like that with the parliament lights, but nevertheless, right?
They know how to make change.
They got an IQ bigger than their toenail size.
I think that if you're going to work with the public, you want to have a minimum education.
You ought to be able to spell crap or at least take one.
Which speaking of that, I think maybe I better be for what's the name of the two with
that food.
Huh?
We love the pizza law, but I'm going to tell you, if you like a great meal that will also
clean out your innards.
It'll make a **** pizza law, man.
It never fails.
It never fails.
It's a lot of miracle.
They don't have like a special time.
They're not early bird.
Like maybe I don't know.
Some dead time, like 230 to 330, where they bring all the old parts in there, have a little
glass with the fizzing stuff on the table.
Because what that would do for this town.
Open up new avenues for them.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm sitting here listening to you and I'm wondering, what do you have against black people,
man?
I don't have anything against black people.
I have something against people that are stupid and can't wait on me.
You see every day, you seem to find some way to degrade black people.
Or some others, I invented the story that happened last night.
I went into Walgreens and I just said, okay, give me a bunch of crap so I can talk.
Maybe I just made it up.
What I'm saying is that I make it up.
Single day.
Yeah.
Find some way to degrade black people.
It is such as what?
Everything or they are.
Well, give me an example, such as what?
Well, there's always a little stick that you do with all black people talking like blah,
blah, blah, blah and all that crap.
When did I say that?
I said, you know what?
When did I say that?
I listen to your show every day.
Yes, and why do you listen every day?
Because you're funny.
That's what I mean.
When did I say all black people talking like blah, blah, blah, blah, whatever you want to say?
Well, if you were listening to your show, you would somebody would just believe that.
I don't have to listen to the show.
I'm doing the show.
I know what I say.
I can give you a hint why young black people deal with people like you.
Yes.
So they're sick and sick, they're little bastards like yourself.
Uh-huh.
That's it.
They're sick, a little bastards like me.
Well, how come I want to lay, oh, click.
There you go.
How about the lady that followed me?
There must be sick and tired of her too, because she was doing the same dumb routine with that lady.
In fact, the routine she did with that woman was worse than I want with mine.
She must have asked her 82 times what her name was.
And then the first name and the last name and looking at the computer and still couldn't
get her right.
That was something that will be standing there in the store waiting for that prescription.
But sir, you're one of those people.
It doesn't every day because I'm funny.
But as soon as I say something that ruffles for your brothers, why don't you disagree with
what I said?
Why don't you tell me that what I said is wrong?
I don't have anything against black people.
I have something against stupidity.
And when I go to spend my money somewhere, I don't care whether they're black or white
or spick or what they, I don't care.
I don't ask them their religion.
I don't care.
I just want decent service.
And the fact of the matter is that you go into certain places, depending on where it
is and what the management's all about.
And they don't give a crap.
They're either too stupid or they're just too indifferent.
And unfortunately, a too large proportion of those people are young black people who
are working for minimum wage.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mr. Neal.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
A couple of quick things.
Okay.
My name is Tom Brown.
Can you repeat that?
Tom Brown.
I go to the records.
What do you mean, can I repeat it?
What does that mean?
Well, obviously.
So I go to the records.
My name, I'm picking up Tom Brown.
Yeah.
30 minutes later.
How do you spell it?
Yeah.
B-R-O-W-N.
30 minutes later, we don't have anything under Braun.
Right.
I said, okay, let's do this again.
B-R-O-W-N.
We are.
W-N.
You know, on and on and on until I try to keep calm because I'm just hurting myself as
I get upset.
Now, go to the bank, passing a big check for a major restaurant in Miami.
Okay.
The lady Jamaican looks at the check and says, look at the endorsement says, who do this?
What do you mean who do this?
Yeah.
Then the guy that owns the restaurant, do that.
Yeah.
Who do this?
Yeah, who do this?
Who do this?
Who do it?
Who do, who do I don't know?
Well, maybe it was Voodoo, she said.
Maybe Voodoo.
I don't know.
I always try to look for the star on the top of their forehead because maybe the lobotomy,
you know.
Yeah.
And the last thing, does anybody else, was that what does Andy and Zuba that little thing
out of time?
I don't know what that is.
There's no matter what that is about.
Yeah.
The last thing, does anybody else put me, would talk about morons and the grocery store,
it's a bad dick.
And you know what I do?
I can't handle these decisions.
Okay Tom, come down.
Call gets him a good time, some help.
He's losing it.
We have an open line of day one in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless
line.
Of course, that's one of my favorite things when you got like eight items at the Express
Checkout, at the supermarket, and they give you six bags.
Why do they do that?
I mean, we realized that there was real extra thin, flimsy plastic bags that must cost
them about 100th of a set of piece.
But why do they do that?
Does it make like they're giving you more for the money when it's eight items?
It's like 24 bucks.
And they use six or seven bags.
I hate that.
But hey, see you're complaining again.
You're complaining.
Life is great.
We just tell them to say, yes, today life is great, but it could be better if people, you
know, know what they were doing.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
I think there's problems with the boy.
What is the problem?
It's more their attitude.
I mean, stupidity, you can overlook if someone has the attitude that they're really trying
to do the job and they're trying to work to the peak of their ability.
No, I like this.
No, wait a minute.
This episode last night, I don't think it had anything to do with their attitude.
I think she was just beyond her ability to deal with it.
She just couldn't do it.
Well, I think she was giving it her 100% and it was, she was about 50% short.
Well, and she must have been a moron because I need to ask the name.
Time and again, I think.
Over and over and I mean, she kept coming back to me and I'm like looking around and these
other people are all looking straight ahead like, you know, they don't hear this going
on until of course it's their turn and they had the same thing happen to them.
Yeah, because.
And that jackass that called before my dark, conflicted friend, let me tell you, if
long range is the one on my business, all they got to do when I go in there is say,
hey, guess what, sweetheart, we don't want your business.
Go take it someplace else.
Yeah.
Well, by the way, the pharmacist there's a bigger queen than I am, but anyway, go ahead.
Oh, the attitude I think filters down is like you say, you talk to the manager and I
don't want to hear about it.
I mean, they don't understand the importance of first impressions.
You drive up to a fast food place and it's like they're talking in another language.
I'm always marvel at it.
Can I decipher what they say?
They should just come on and say, can I take your order instead of some spiel that God
knows what they say.
And then they're trying to peddle you something.
I tell you, Taco Bell's famous for that.
You want to price them or their cheese barito and you can't understand a damn thing they're
saying.
And if I wanted to try them, it's right, the picture of all the stuff is right on the
thing I'm sitting next to out there on the menu.
If I wanted, I would order it.
Jack, guess.
Well, I have no idea what they say.
I just say no.
And then I give them my order and I hope that I get it.
Right.
But I think they get the people who are the most unintelligible to be on the little speaker
thing so that it's absolutely impossible to get what you want.
Well, I think I always got a good excuse of that when you drive a mile up the road and
you start opening up the bag and it's the opposite of whatever you ordered and there's
nothing in there that you really want.
Well, you know, we just didn't communicate.
This was the classic class.
Someday I did that.
I ordered my two for two.
I take off.
I look in the bag.
There's two things.
I get the where I'm going.
I open it up.
I got two potato cakes.
So I go back.
I said, I ordered two sausage McMuffins.
Yeah.
So let's keep five, six times.
She talks to me and talks to me and talks to me.
I keep saying, what did you say?
What did you say?
I can't understand her.
Finally, I figure out she says, we're not serving lunch breakfast anymore.
Take that.
Oh my God.
I was at a total loss.
It was just like, well, OK, give me two for two.
I'm going to have a spoon.
There's a spoon in the bag that are pushing right out.
That's what I would.
I would just keep it and drop dead.
But anyway, I find the biggest problem with the black people is their attitude and I think
if they have a problem with that, I hope they've had it.
I hope they've had it.
Don't say with the black people some.
Don't say with the black people.
It's these dumb bones.
It's the ones with the attitude.
And it's usually the same ones.
The ones that are the dumb ones also have the crappy attitudes.
Nobody has trained them that you've got a job here and even though you're not getting paid a lot of money,
you're still getting paid for it and it's your job to pretend at least that you're interested in the customer.
Nobody bothered telling them that in a lot of these joints.
Exactly.
Although I don't want to mention when Dixie there on Briar Boulevard.
OK, have a great day.
Thank you.
But I will anyway.
Boy, you talk about a store and you only read like I've told you this before.
Well, why do you keep going?
I love my publics about a sawgrass but there are times you know how it is in life.
There are times when you know you're short on time and you happen to be in a certain area like to get my mail
and it's just convenient for me to go in there and get a couple of items and every time it's the same song I'd dance.
They're talking to each other.
They don't care about the customers.
They slap to change the bills, the coins in your hand, they don't bother with that.
Which I don't care.
You don't have to count it out.
Whatever it is it is.
OK, it's computerized.
It shows the amount.
Maybe they can count.
But they're talking to Jack Ball there at the end of the counter.
And he's like he's begging your groceries but he's not looking in the bag.
He's slinging them in the bag because he's up looking at her.
And they're like you know, winking and blinking and what.
You know, stop.
I'm looking at you.
Don't you understand?
It's not like you're doing this behind my back which I don't care what you do.
But I'm looking at you.
You're supposed to be waiting on me here.
There's no thank you.
There's no F you.
There's no nothing.
Man.
How long would ponytail there be in business if you had service like that since he's in there with our lunch now?
It would be in business for 10 minutes.
What is that?
What are you laughing about?
Just an image.
An image of what?
Well, he's starting with a sex stuff again.
OK, believe me the numbers on this sex survey would have been a lot different if they would have had Jeff Cohen on it.
Lack of interest in sex.
No.
Candidate, he orgasmed.
No.
Directile dysfunction.
No.
Climax to early.
Yeah.
Oh, well, that's...
Oh, he's busy. He's got to wind up.
Here's the North Miami.
Hello.
Morning, Ale.
Yes, sir.
Let me see if you can find dining.
How do you rate the Laploma?
Sir, what are you talking about?
Where did that come from in the middle of it?
Find dining.
What are we talking about?
Well, we're talking about a find dining restaurant.
What we are?
Yeah, right.
No one's not find dining.
We're not talking about find dining restaurants.
What are you talking about, sir?
Well, the Amila Ploma.
I've never been in law.
I don't even know what that is.
Is that a Cuban restaurant?
It's a restaurant, knowing.
It has the American food.
Yeah.
Well, why don't we...
Why don't we...
I don't rate it because I've never been there.
Oh, you never been there.
Okay, so...
Okay, let me ask you another question.
We've been at the end of course.
Yeah.
We were very disappointed.
Well, you know what?
Too bad.
Okay.
Your taste isn't your touch.
I'm not disappointed.
It's a great place.
Here's a rating fine gourmet restaurant, La Paloma.
I don't even know what that light is.
Is that a Cuban restaurant?
La Paloma?
Yeah, ponytail suggests it is.
Why the hell would I be in a Cuban restaurant?
Go eat your black beans and rice and leave the good stuff
for the emolccosa.
Those of us with some taste, okay, sir?
Your retard is not Cuban.
What is it?
Old-fashioned continental...
Old-fashioned continental fine dining.
Where is it?
This came boulevard and North Miami Beach.
This came boulevard and North Miami Beach?
North Miami.
I'm going to go eat North Miami Beach.
No.
Well, yeah, the emolccosa one up there.
Old-scent.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
Just like one of the days you know.
Where the ones were trimmed and far said red.
And so very long ago.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
With every fossil side I've run.
Take your days, these airy and bright.
And may all the people know.
Never give up.
You are.
Who is this?
Let me turn it up, please.
Who is this?
You're trying to get hooked up with now?
Margie.
At Memorial East Hospital.
We're in human resources.
Jeff Cohen's got the hotspour, you Margie.
Now she's gorgeous.
I think.
The first love is my restaurant.
Service quality.
You have to take care of business first.
You're not involved in that.
my second love is Margie who haven't met yet.
Okay, there you go Margie.
And he's hung like a mousse.
So he says, okay Jeff, you're not here.
Okay, there's Jeff Cohen from the world famous pizza lot.
And by the way, he says the only reason that he's on there was that bad thing broke
is because it's for free and because they suck up pre-food over there.
But he never gets any response from them, which is why he won't advertise over there.
Sorry about that brook.
Sorry about that Rana.
Sorry about that PD.
PD Bird.
See, that guy that called before and I know he's just trying to stir up a lot of crap.
Why do I go out of my way to rip black people?
That's a bunch of bull crap.
I said just yesterday, which he doesn't notice by the way.
I said just yesterday, some of my favorite listeners out of black people out there
because they got a sense of humor.
They don't take this personal and they know it's that.
And you know something when a black person goes into a drugstore or a supermarket,
they want to get waiting on too.
They want decent service.
Well, you see the food arrives and now we're having a party in there.
I don't mind sharing the food and George is going like that.
Why are they starting up just Brian?
Yeah, just Brian the sales.
By the way, how's Scott's worth doing?
I won't see him no more.
He's hanging out with the exterminator.
Oh, don't say exterminate.
How's the one guy out there doing?
I don't want to mention no names on here.
Trying to get that 18 grand they own from upstairs.
Oh, sorry.
I don't want to mention that on here.
Seriously, I could write a book about this place.
It's so scandalous what they do to people here.
This is subhuman.
And other than...
Roy!
How many black folks have we got working here?
Do we have any other black people working in this place?
Besides...
Roy!
Do we?
Lenny.
He's not black.
He's a speck.
He's both.
He's not black.
A black speck is not a black.
He's not an affricune American, which doesn't really exist.
But I mean, is they safe?
We're like EEO purposes?
Does he count?
I think he has to check two boxes.
And who shows him where to do it?
Who points it out?
Here's Miami. Hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
Mariconsita!
Okay.
I thought you asked her.
Great.
Una pinga.
What?
What do you ask it about?
Una pinga pequenita.
No, pequenita is the penge...
How you say that?
Pequenita.
Pequenito.
Pequenito.
No, that's not...
That's not picking on her.
And Ricky, he already got that bad review in the paper yesterday.
That's why Lila, a cobalt handler don't like Enrique, by the way, because he's got a small penis.
And he's proud of it and we talked about it on the year.
That's why she...
You know, I mean, she didn't ripen that bad.
She said he's no Luis Miguel.
Well, so who the hell is?
Who is Luis Miguel?
Lila, Lila, whatever your name is.
What do you got, sweetheart?
She's probably got two raisins andettes.
See, what some of these people don't understand is life is more than just too big, beautiful,
firm, breast, or a, you know, medium-sized rock hard penis.
Life is more than that.
No?
Jeff Cohen says no.
Well, how about great food at the pizza lot, huh?
Unless you make it a money over there, you can't...
Well, I'm not going to go into it.
Here's Naples.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is Joe Naples.
Yes?
I just wanted to call it that lady that was defending Tennessee yesterday.
Oh, my God.
Defending the indefensible.
I mean, have you ever driven to that horrible thing?
I've lived there for a month.
I lived in Nashville for one month, 19 years ago, and I ran out of there.
How's it get over it, antibiotics?
Yes.
Anyway, that's why I got this rash.
There's a legal question that they're still trying to figure out in Tennessee.
And that is, if you divorce your wife in Tennessee, is she still your sister?
Uh-huh.
That's right.
Well, I got the say-tale.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
Now you're right.
She was off her feet a little bit.
Maybe she's under the weather.
It's going around.
Oh, you're sure wrong about Tennessee.
They're not born in Tennessee, sweetheart.
Not the conventional way they're hatched, like from under an egg in the caves there,
like Andy Jackson's, whatever those caverns are.
They hatch them in eggs.
They go like crocodile eggs.
That's why when they open up their mouth, it usually is a crock.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Yeah, I remember that when you left for Tennessee, and then when you were going back,
they used to have those drop-ins when you just used to say Neil Rogers, remember?
No.
Not that long, but you've got a great memory.
Yeah, well, I can remember when I had for lunch yesterday.
Well, yeah.
I just call you the couple of things that the few callers have said in the before me.
I've been meaning to call you since last week when you touched on this subject.
About the service?
Yes.
That call has said about the managers.
My wife is always complaining because she's the one that goes out shopping mostly.
And I try to explain to her, you know, when you...
That's all you have to choose from.
Down here, you know.
I don't know if I have to make myself that quality of people.
That's like Jim Carrier.
It's like dumb and dumb.
Right, you know, who...
And dumb.
What kind of a gene pool they got to pick from?
You know, who's going to apply for those minimum wage jobs?
But let me ask you this.
How come I can go like in my publics at Sawgrass?
That's a great store.
The kids that work there are all bright.
They all get in whether they're white or black or whatever they are.
They all treat you nice.
They are courteous.
They go give you a good service.
They got an IQ bigger than their toenail.
Why is that?
That's because they got good management because they don't hire more runs there that can't wait on people.
Maybe because around that area they have a bigger selection to pick from if I make myself.
Right.
You know, I mean...
That's right.
When you go in my neighborhood, that's where you got brilliant, articulate people.
That's right.
When you live like an ILEA or my amy.
Then you got a bunch of amount of coins.
You know, if you don't fill those jobs with those people, they're going to be left in.
You know, with that...
My decon is stupido.
And what you said is right.
You know, I mean, you feel when you go there, people...
You pay it.
You feel like you're intruding on their life.
Yeah.
You know, it's like you're...
Want to get my grandma away.
Yeah.
It's like why you're bothering me by coming here to shop.
Right.
I hate that.
I hate that.
Like you're intruding on their conversation.
And it just astonishes me.
You're looking at them.
They're doing this right.
It's not like I said before.
Like they're doing it in the back room somewhere.
But you're like going through there and handing them your money.
It's a business transaction.
And papa, and you're listening to the conversation because you have no choice.
Right.
It's unbelievable.
It's going to show you that whoever is running that joint needs to be fired immediately is not sooner.
And usually, you're the one who has to say good morning.
And thank you.
And, you know, have a nice day and all that.
Right.
I said it the other way around.
But with that other guy said about stupidity, what you said.
And you know, why it died the second, what do you say?
You know, I mean, I don't mind a stupid person, as long as he's trying.
Right.
As long as they're making something effort and they're able by making the effort to do something positive.
Exactly.
And, you know, in fact, like Jeff Cohen said, it's in the genes.
And believe in him, he should know.
And then the black gentleman that called before said that you pick on black.
I guess he doesn't listen to you when you say you see people from Africa, not African Americans.
He only hears selectively.
I can go on here at a great length about our great black listeners.
He don't hear that stuff.
He only hears the stuff that he wants to be offended by.
I can use a, you know, you've got a big chip on one shoulder and a ghetto blaster on the other.
Have a great day, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Every bit of it.
So what are we learning today, huh?
Maddie Cohen.
We learned that we have an open line at day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16.
I see you went light on the sauce today.
If you would have been listening to the show, which you're supposed to be, Mr. Cohen,
since we're trying to make dates for you here on a year, you would have known we wanted a little more sauce.
Because tomato sauce, the lowest cancer risk, we're not eating lunch today.
We're fighting cancer.
What are we doing?
Puts.
New.
YAH!
Well, I know my sister, all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle's younger mother.
He's my dear grandfather.
He's very plain to see.
My first cousin is me.
So, you know, Joe Costello just pointed out something interesting.
That's just in joke.
It's only a joke.
Oh, man.
God.
No, actually, I think it was Jeff Hyde that made the point.
Oh, God.
This place.
This place, if you only knew folks, all the bozos running around this joint.
Now, what is that?
Oh, a bulldozer.
Joe Chien, Wisconsin.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I used to listen to you all the time down there.
Now, I got my computer hooked up.
Oh, finally moved out of that crap time.
Well, congratulations.
I think I got some cheese stuck in my throat.
Yeah, I know.
I think the last person I speak to is who I'm choking on it.
We only wear the chin on our heads for 16 weeks out of the year.
Right.
Hey, I just wanted to know what you think of stinky pinkie.
I mean, stinky winky.
Yeah, stinky finger.
Yeah, stinky pinkie.
Yeah, stinky winky.
Yeah, you're seeing right?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Okay, thank you.
There you go.
In Wisconsin.
And he's knocking this place.
Wow.
That's fantastic.
Stinky, you have fingers.
What he said?
Well, I'd take a drink.
I'll play some music.
I don't have to play music for me to take a drink.
Okay, boy.
Yeah, Jeff Cohen, I think, trying to kill me.
A little piece of cheese went down the wrong tube.
We have an open line in Dave.
He's really sick.
He is one perverted bastard.
Open line in Dave County.
566705, 60 in Ponton, 560.
Since he stared messing around with those anal butt plugs
or whatever those things were, those little pencil finons.
Never been the same.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Uncle Neil.
Yes.
The F.O.
They're out of hand this morning.
I'm driving to work, Neil.
They got the sting for the nose deep felt arm.
And that's the thing that had the detective arm in the corner.
How can they do that?
I saw, well, glad you mentioned that.
There's a stupid idiotic editorial in the Sunsettler's morning,
which maybe inspired them about how they have to change the law
and how they have to take the exception out of there
that they have to put you over for something else.
There's a detective arm in the corner.
And then two blocks down the road.
There's about 15 or 20 BSOs.
The detectives just standing near the light,
reading off whoever's not wearing their seatbelt
and they're pulling them off right in the ticket.
It's right down the road.
How can they do that?
I have no idea, but they're doing it.
I thought they changed the law.
I don't know if they did not change the law.
What was this morning?
The BSO right on a Bayley Road in Rock Island.
Okay, so the news, pal.
Yeah, bad news, right?
God bless you, though.
You'll guide.
Yes, sir.
You have seatbelt law, primary, important self-save lives.
Another dumb editor, I'm glad to tell the dumb people
at this Sunsettler.
I mean, it's so stupid just on the face of it.
The problem with driving in this town isn't who's wearing seatbelts
and who's not.
It's that everybody gets a license.
There's no real inspection in this state.
There's ball tires.
There's no brakes.
There's no headlights.
No taillights.
There's illegal aliens with no driver's license.
With no insurance.
I mean, everybody knows what the real problem is.
But see, that would take a real serious effort
by the state to a correct.
To give people like a real driving test
and get the BSOs off the road and make it really safe.
But instead of that, let's write some more tickets.
There you go.
Jesus Christ, these vases are the Sunsettler.
I guess they would love this to be a police state.
I'm waiting for the editorial to come up,
praising the cops for the adult swingercrubs being shut down.
Come on, let's get those out too.
Everybody had the editorial's cra-praising the crackdown
by Ken Jenny on the accrueships,
on those illegal horrible gambling ships,
which are still legal, by the way.
And it was all a bunch of crap.
And they had to give the guy named slot machines back
and looked like a bunch of fools doing it.
But just like the...
That...
Where is that?
I got to over here somewhere.
I still have it.
I saved it.
I'm so glad I saved it.
I'll save it for posterity.
Earl Mocker, the editor of the Sunsettinal.
We believe that non-gameless are interested in point spreads
as much as those who make bets, because sports fans
want to know who the professional odds makers are favoring.
Even our own sports staffers predict
to open key matchups every week.
I mean, to try to defend putting in those odds
and taking all those ads for those cruise ships
and then bashing them on your editorial pages.
In other words, no matter how grotesque you think it is
for the community, and no matter how many pages you page
you've got to add to your virtual monopoly you've got up there,
there's just...
There's nobody's ever been invented.
You won't take their money, but they're evil and it's bad.
And let's close them down and harass the hell out of them.
Talk about a bunch of idiots.
When is the editorial coming out about
what the real problems are on the roads in this time?
That we all face every day.
You jackballs at the sunset, you morons, you assholes, you idiots.
Oh yeah, no seat belts.
Let's start looking inside the car.
And if you've got the wrong hand on the steering,
we'll let's take care of that too.
There's another ticket for you.
Oh!
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I almost fell asleep listening to you.
Really? Thanks for that.
I know I'm only getting...
I got to...
I got to...
I got a problem in town.
I got a question to ask you about diets.
Oh, well, that should be very exciting, yeah.
I've heard you talk about the Atkins.
My wife came home about six weeks ago with this male clinic diet,
and I've been on it ever since.
What is it?
It's a male clinic diet,
and it's a half a grapefruit, two eggs, any style,
and two slices of bacon.
Yeah, that thing is older than the hills, that male diet.
Yeah, right. And I've been on it...
And it works.
It'll work.
Yeah.
If you want to starve to that, it'll work.
Yeah, but how long does it take
for it to stop...
When I say stop working, I mean, it slows down the...
Well, how long does it take?
I'm not on the male diet, once you ask her.
No, I'm just curious how long it takes for it to slow down,
and if it is worthwhile staying on.
Let me say it again.
I don't know why you think about that, diet.
How do I...
Why are you asking that?
It's very similar to the Atkins diet.
No, it's not.
A grapefruit, you can't have no grapefruit on the Atkins diet.
It's on carbohydrates.
Right.
So it's not the same diet.
Well, go on by the Atkins book.
Tell your wife good luck to you, honey, and go get the Atkins book.
Do yourself a big favor.
Hank Goldberg lost 30 pounds, and now he is doing Atkins.
Isn't he?
I heard him say that a couple of weeks ago.
He should be giving me credit for saving his life.
Huh?
Isn't that doing the Atkins, I believe?
Uh-huh.
And I am again, because I got no choice.
But you know something, if you just stick with it, you know,
if you just stick with the adacto long enough,
that's what the other doctor said.
All of the other doctors said, you don't need me.
And you know what, he was right.
Good guy, but I don't need him.
I mean, what kind of a thing is that to say, you know?
You go to a practitioner, you make an appointment, you walk in the door,
they look at you, they talk for like 30 seconds.
Ah, you don't need me.
Go home.
Okay.
I paid the bill first, but go home.
But anyway, Dr. Pusco, uh, Pusco New York, he knows this stuff,
but I can't believe I'm clinic.
You just got to stick by me, a little patient, okay?
After the first eight or nine, ten weeks, he started getting a little bit impatient.
But uh, this too shall pass, like lunch.
Here's a lady mobile in the Helen Dale Hall.
Hi, I thought I'd share a little war story about a black teacher
at my husband's school with you.
He asked her to call a parent because the child wasn't doing well.
This is what the teacher said.
He had a book.
Well, if that's the way, what does it, he have a book?
H-A-D-E. He have a book.
Now, are you sure he didn't say he'd be having a book?
No, just he have a book.
That's become a family classic.
Whenever we think of brain bed, we say he have a book for a kid.
Well, let me ask you, do he have a book?
Who knows?
I wish that Bush cut out, you know, cuts, uh, with that voucher
and then cuts $50 per capita.
That's what we're going to have now.
But if he does that, then he do not be having a book.
Right, we do not be having a book.
We do not be having a few kids.
That's right.
With education.
Okay, have a great good one, with sweetheart.
Okay, Sam, say how does Sunny Rosenberg?
We have an open line in Broward.
56670560.
We got to get the edge of the priority back on education.
I told you that yesterday, get it back on education, get a brain, get to get some smarts.
Not just be a smart-ass, not just be a dummy.
If your parents are illiterate, run away from home.
Go hang out with some people who can speak.
Here's Hialeah.
Hello.
Neil God, our father who worked in heaven, how will be thy name?
You good.
Sir, have a comment.
It's me, the 595 guy, the one mentioned 595, how are you, sir?
Okay.
I have a lot more subdued today.
You are?
No, I said you are.
You sound much more subdued.
Well, I'm just hanging out.
You're the one I just about.
In fact, now I know my wrist is bit aching.
It's from that handshake three months ago.
Are you serious?
Yeah, I got a bad wrist.
I got a limper than usual wrist from you.
I literally broke my wrist.
That was back in December, Neil.
Oh, he was shaking it.
Listen, I want to comment with you about the prescriptions and the pharmacies, the mixups.
Yes.
But I'm mostly going to mix up my grandfather's prescription with their Miami Beach.
And they give him like procedure pills, which you won't have any.
Nice.
And I had penicillin in my grandfather's eye.
He slowed up to a basketball because of the penicillin.
And he has because the people behind the counter, they're new and they're different people.
And they didn't know how to read.
Sounds like a real good lawsuit to me.
Well, we're working on it.
And for that black guy Ben that called me this morning, oh man, line up.
Okay.
I need to call Rox out.
See you.
Bye bye.
He's bleaching it.
I mean, I don't want to keep doing these disclaimers.
It's unfortunate.
I shouldn't have to do that.
I think any reasonable person who is not an absolute 100% bigot, which I'm not.
Doesn't give a crap when you go into a store.
Who cares if they're wider, they're black or they're yellow or they're young, if they're old.
If they're if they're capable of just giving you a little bit of service, getting whatever you want, getting you in and out of there.
Fine.
That's all.
I'm not in there looking for a date.
Just, you know, get the end of the job done.
And people that he are in denial all the time.
Oh, you're picking on.
Who cares?
What?
I'm just telling you the way this.
I didn't go in there last night and contrive that experience.
I'm not making this up.
And just to show you, I'm not single in any group out that the queen pharmacist in there.
He got some nerve too.
Well, you said it was six.
It's four minutes still six.
Don't you think that if four minutes still six, if you said you pick it up at six, they might actually even be working on it.
And it's still sitting there on a counter.
Kind of like an implying that I had some nerve to be going in there like four or five minutes of.
Well, excuse me, okay.
In the future, I'll make sure to go in like 20, 30 minutes afterward, which I'm sure at that point it still won't be ready.
And by the way, the reason that my, the pharmacist I was talking about, that the Bruce, he's at the other wall green, is down there in Broward Boulevard.
We're used to shop all the time.
Those people are great.
Okay, if they're still there, probably not.
I would love to keep you all to myself.
From the big brothers and big sisters of America, comes another public service to the lonely and deprived children of the US, called Big Sexual Surrogate.
Wow, it has so much fun tonight.
You were so right about it getting better after a little practice and time.
Teaching the youth of America all about the importance of it.
Last week though, you said something about it, 69 or something.
What's that all about?
Well little girl, why don't you just spin around for me and I'll show you.
Okay.
Oh.
It's the big sexual surrogate of America.
Volunteer today and show the youth of America what they're missing.
Hmm, case good.
Call today.
Provo 20560 WDQAM.
We have an open line in day one in Broward.
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
These people get an all-ben out of shape.
In fact, Jim from Sunrise faxes me a very good point.
Jim, you get a little chronic on a fax machine that they're all good.
He says, why would any Asian worth his salt live in South Florida with the horrendous public education system we have here?
They place a tremendous value on education demonstrated by the vast number of Asian valedictorians,
award winners and achievers constantly cited in the press of the real world,
not the intellectual nuclear winner that is South Florida.
The intellectual nuclear winner, you got it Jim.
Any Asian who wants his child to get an education in South Florida might as well lobotomize the kid who will be quicker and easier.
By the way, speaking of lobotomies, you know that Gilbert sounded like we just got a spy report.
The one that was talking to me about Loppa Loma.
He's a sandy, patent chronic.
Have a nice day.
Which that happens to be one of their responses.
So because they don't have any listeners over there on that stupid show.
Have a nice day.
But we call it over here trying to pedal, which it might be a good place.
I don't know.
Maybe we'll get a spy report about Loppa Loma.
Never heard of it.
Something like some kind of a spick place.
We have an open line in day five.
Doesn't it?
It's a spick name.
Huh?
Like what's that place in the airport?
La Caredita, is that it?
They have those all over.
But there's one in the airport.
Yes.
Oh, that's like a Cuban restaurant?
Yes.
Oh.
You've never had Cuban food.
Are you going to start this again?
The Gant and various colors.
I love the Gant.
What do you say, Luis Miguel Colwad?
You've never had Cuban food.
Luis Miguel Juan, Hawaiian Fibol.
I don't want Cuban food.
Okay.
At the risk of sounding impionant or narrow.
I don't know how you get all kinds of stuff.
I find out what's good and what's the one I like and what I don't like.
But you've never had it.
So how do you know if you like it?
That would be like my saying to you.
You've never had sex with the guy.
So why don't you go, you know, you don't have to go to the hospital.
That's right.
And I'm not interested.
And I've never had it.
You've never smelled it.
You've never seen it.
Never smelled a woman?
Cuban food.
Oh.
You know, I just had lunch.
Okay, my shirt.
I just had lunch.
Thank God, that's not too much.
Huh?
Because then you're going to start suggesting
how to be smelling a woman's f*** right after I had lunch.
I'm going to start the vomiting.
That's a nice Cuban food.
So fried plantain.
Isn't that what a part of Cuban food is?
Is it a woman's f***ing that part of it?
Is that what you put your pico in the f***ing?
Yeah.
You're not yet.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man, like you make your comment about the people working the last food place.
Yes.
And we also, you want to look alike contest.
Don't hang up for, I'll tell you about the contest you want.
Uh-huh.
And then I have black people in the beginning
to work in the staff food restaurants,
rather than never work before.
So they watch and prevent the white people from sticking on the food
and do a freaky stuff to them.
Uh-huh.
Okay, great.
Okay, we have an open line in date.
56670560 and 0.560 in the mobile one line.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Uh, San Antonio.
Thanks for the words of wisdom.
Thanks for the words of truth.
Thank you, Daniel.
And I have to comment.
See for all those maricones that go
and are complaining about me, I know,
and me know good, and I have to go and get my thing over there because I know work.
Those guys have to worry about being gentle to customers.
Those guys have to be nice with people and treat people the way they want to be treated.
Because you know what, instead of like that big bend that go before,
what a maricosa I got.
Let me tell you something.
Let me tell you, instead of worrying about listening to the words of wisdom,
you have to go out there and learn how to talk and learn how to people like,
because let me tell you now.
You learn how to speak, man, if you have a little one here.
Let me tell you something, you know, this town, it makes you, I don't know,
if I should call that racist.
But I became, after tingers of being here, I have become for some,
somehow I didn't know when racist to everybody here, to all people,
because those are jerks, you're all the wind, you know,
when I come from you, hold the window and the door open to let all people go before you,
or women, you know.
Even if they're jerks, you know, I hold them.
You know, you think these guys turn around and say,
thank you or just look at you, hey, what an asshole you are.
But you know what, Neil?
Thank you for your work.
I'm for your team.
Hey, you, big band, what am I talking to you, man?
Oh my God, what can you say, besides?
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 out of mobile one line.
Yeah, this sex survey, which of course they won't touch this thing,
because the guys with the limp slongs out there, they're not going to call them admit it.
How about these 18, well, it's every group, 18 to 59, how about all these men?
14%, 13%, 15%, 17%, and I've ever done about 14% of men in every age group
and every demographic category suffer from my lack of interest in sex.
What kind of men are these?
Where do they find these people?
I don't know any men.
I have never met anybody in my life, any male in my life, no matter what he was interested in,
who had suffered from a lack of interest in sex.
Where do they take these guys to in surveys, probably in the T-Rumid Westland?
Maybe that's where they ought to take them.
Here's the Miami, hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just thought your listeners would like to know,
Akins is sending their director of education down to Norman Brothers, the Miami, Florida.
Yeah.
And we're going to be having things from salmon to chocolate mousse with their head chef making it.
And also the selling all the products at 50% off.
Yeah, one great thing for the plug.
Okay, there used to be one of my sponsors, Years ago, Norman Brothers, and sort of the Akins people.
And when they come back on, well, this will be more than happy to promote that stuff.
Oh, how they love to use me, boys and girls.
They love to use me and use this show and use the power of Neil and use this big audience we got.
And, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, like I said,
but I want to like to smear my hand a little bit all the smear back.
And I don't eat salmon. That's number one.
And chocolate mousse and all those Tony desserts like I've told you a year ago.
Get rid of that sweet tooth.
That's what's happened to me. It's taken me about five days now.
I finally detox myself from the sugar I shot that I was on from all that ice cream and candy and the good tasting stuff.
But stuff that I must not and cannot eat.
And man, all of a sudden I'm doing great.
What a miracle.
What a concept.
I said, but I think that I'm both going to be up.
Let me go.
I'm a yellow, orange yellow, got six.
Take a black shoot.
No, be a black time.
I'm a tap.
That's an ex lower than no one.
But I'll a shot.
The amazing clarity for my gut.
That's a trim.
Now this fluorescent cavity.
Over key.
Driving these benzene.
Top of the Malaysia.
Tell me my dog.
Take this green and yesterday.
Move it.
It's a total love.
As per dump.
As a loser, cannibal.
It's very young.
Mumble of the dominoes.
Shocking like a mannequin.
Ten more of these dirty teeth and roots.
Can't scotch a cotton toe.
But don't touch the entire nose.
What's with the name?
That baby giving to the black skin.
Today, they can throw out.
Bro, here's the four names and the drugs.
Oh.
You bought a notorious endorecreme.
Since endorecreme.
Dead man, etc.
And Robert doesn't know play.
Dry men accuse him of explode.
Those people.
Robots of the secrets.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Raising that tag of that plate.
Dicks, knock them next.
Dicks, attack.
As I can.
Night, Tom, I have done.
These are called the Gerardos Orion.
But he must have told me.
A night will try a minute.
Fix and fell.
By the machine, then, that's his.
There's a gallery in the kitchen.
And we should walk.
With the names.
That baby giving to the black skin.
Yes.
Do they think it's so afro?
Do the four names have the drugs?
Don't.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Why do they think it's like to give the kids
close the name?
With all the data down signing.
We have a call number one.
Three.
Four.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Hello?
I'll go up those Ann Bishop's Story, by the way.
Any two to those.
Where are we going?
Let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Thank you.
Let's try and mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
I know you doing a day today.
That's good to hear.
I got a sighting of him, I don't know what's from Palm Beach County.
It seems that Chipacabra has appeared again.
Hello?
I'm listening.
Thank you.
I'm listening.
Gentlemen, that knows my father.
He has apparently had a couple of goats on his property and so forth.
And something at night has been coming and pretty much attacking him.
I mean, has killed a couple of them off where he's had to build a completely enclosed pimp.
We could put him in at night.
He has dogs and soap work and all he said, you know, he heard it at night and he came out and chased it into the woods
and all he heard was a grunt and sound running away.
Uh-huh.
But I just want to show you that.
I don't know if this works, Sanchez.
Okay, we have a Broward White Open here, 5667-0560 and 0.560 on a mobile online.
Here's North Miami.
Hello?
Well, these buttons are brutal.
North Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time listener.
Yes?
I completely agree with you with the problem today with the people with attitude.
When you have a prevailing theme in the youth of today that is no mercy, that is attitude,
that it's lack of compassion that's going to filter into the workplace where they work.
And as far as the Spanish speaking lady in Walgreens, I'm sick and tired of my life.
I didn't run any Spanish speaking.
You wasn't Spanish.
You said ethnic.
Black.
Oh, okay.
Not Spanish.
Well, well, there's a big problem with Spanish speaking people too because I'm tired of modifying the English language.
Okay, great.
Call up Amy Schaefer, okay?
Call up Enes de Pienes and Hacca Chanukabapa.
Call up Sandy Payton as a matter of fact since she's a big topic today, you can make a dinner date
in Lopaloma with Sandy and talk about bilingualism.
Not interested pal.
Old and tired.
Stale.
And I will say this that the English language, Hispanics, they're working whatever it is, drug stores,
and somewhere I have no problem with them.
They're educated.
They're articulate.
They pay attention to what they be doing.
No problem.
And if they don't speak English, uh, it means what I say.
Let them live in their damn little perky world.
Open line of date one and per hour.
Five say, see, this, this kind of conversation, you know, let it track skies like this.
Professional bigots who want to make their little attacks and use this as a form to try to sneak in that crap.
And right away, he's already made the transformation.
This girl, and I never said that she was Hispanic.
I made it very clear that she do not be Hispanic.
But don't confuse this guy with the facts.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, but a year ago I went to a drive-thru on a clock in the morning.
And after I ordered my 60-order, the girl left the mic on and I had what she said, oh, I'm scratching my toy chap.
You know what that means?
Okay, great.
I hope she was having a good time doing it.
Just before she handled your food.
In fact, that was the right to charge.
We have an open line in the Broward Red 2-Aid 56670560 and pound 560 on a prestigious mobile one line.
Yeah, I'm sure you enjoyed it.
Here's Moral Gables. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you see the Harold Business section with Panta's raising $30 million?
They want to issue another stock kit?
No, I did not see that.
It seems that they need $30 million to pay down the resort purchases.
Wayne is asking for a new stock issue.
And he expects all the Panta fans to go up to...
It's nice to see that Republic Stock doing a real well at $13 million in the change.
That's doing a real great.
$13 million.
Oh!
Dumped mine out at $25.5 million.
God, got my money out of that piece of crap.
Well, you can't get your...
Everything Wayne touches turns to instant processed garbage.
Just keep that in mind.
Garbage in, garbage out.
That's where the money came from and now he's making...
Yeah.
Everything he touches.
That's it.
But you have to see if I could get gold lights in the arena, you could have paid off that.
I got to know I have a better one than that.
They are now taking a survey.
It was in the paper a couple of days ago.
They are surveying the fans to find out about the no-shows, who they are, what their name is, why they are not showing up.
Now, let's face it, attendance is not one of our problems in the Macarena.
Like Monday night against the very marginal San Jose team.
The same night the heat was playing at home.
18,700 rows are very, very good crowd on the circumstances.
And if they instead are wasting their time taking stupid surveys.
If they would take about a half a dozen people, turn on the red light at the shoot twice.
And let them sit around the various parts of the arena and see where they can see it and where they can't.
And get some jackass down there with a pair of pliers and adjust it so we can see it.
Then they'd be doing something good.
They want to throw t-shirts and run around.
They don't care about whether we enjoy the game or not.
I'm going to say it again that we think we'll let nobody see.
I'm comfortable and the fact that nobody else cares about it shows we got no real hockey fans in this town.
About 20 of us.
Look at that two lines left on the board.
We're went and doubt we're sitting out here.
I think it was that Sandy Peyton.
I mentioned her name is what did it?
567-0560, 05-60 on the mobile one line.
60 that rhymes with 60.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neal.
I never noticed the only people who work at publics are either really, really young people or older, really, really old people.
Right.
There's no middle age people who work at publics.
Right.
Because the people are working supermarkets aren't exactly, it's not like a career choice.
You're not going to be working there forever.
It's high school kids that are getting a part-time job.
And old guys who are mostly retired but making a few bucks on the side.
That's right.
And what's it called?
The only time I went to Miami, I mean the National Carbond in the Center.
The Macaroon.
Yeah, exactly.
It was against winning last horribly to a Washington 51, it's about a month ago.
Month and a half ago.
Right.
I sat in the right in the bottom.
You can't hear the speakers, the horn sucks, the light doesn't go on.
Yeah.
Why do we spend so much money on that place?
But other than that, it's great.
Thank you.
Glad to hear a good time.
I mean, what's the point?
They don't care.
It's like this joint.
They do not care.
It's the Florida FN Way, man.
And the people like to win there.
That's the best part of it is why should the management care and the people that are running that joint when the people that are going there don't care?
That's where it raises me.
I can't get these people off a dime on this stuff to save my life.
People go to a sporting event and the place has got more goddamn problems than Carter's got pills.
Hey, they don't care.
They're with their cell phones, their schmoozing, they're up, patching around whatever they're doing.
Okay, good.
Glad you're having a good time.
We have an open line of day one and Broward, 5667, 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Mobile, import, Myers.
Hello.
Neil Mann.
Yes, Mann.
Oh, come on, American Blacks, the only people that ever complain about racism.
You ever notice that?
I never hear the Chinese or like Asians or...
What about your makins?
What about Haitians?
Haitians don't really complain about it.
They don't sure they do.
They're always screaming about the Cuban immigrants that can come in and Haitians are excluded, which I think they got a good point.
Yeah, that is kind of true.
We do need a lot of baseballs.
A lot of foul balls being hit.
Yeah, and there's no like no welfare in the islands.
And American Blacks, they always complain about welfare over there and this and that.
Yeah, I mean, it's a good point.
Thank you.
Okay, two open lines and did what in power.
5667, it's called Pick on a Blacks Day.
I think that God Ben was right the one I called before.
I think he had a point.
A lot of God damn racist calling them here.
They're getting my goat.
Here's a mobile, import, lottery, all day.
Yeah, Neil, I know the whole problem with the fast food restaurant.
Real simple.
First of all, I'm not just talking about fast food restaurants.
I was talking about Walgreens, which last time I noticed wasn't the fast food, right?
But go ahead.
Walgreens is in the same category because we're not running it.
The Jews are not running them.
The Jews are running it.
So, the Jews run publics.
Are the Jews running publics?
Are the Jews running publics?
Yeah, the Jews are not running publics.
Yeah, okay, blow it out to Jewish ass.
You're Jewish like my dog is Jewish, okay?
Two open lines and date two and brown.
5667, 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Miami, sure.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I am enjoying your program.
I am enjoying your program tremendously.
Cool.
Cool, true.
And you're the best thing we have in Miami.
Yeah, well, at least people don't get it.
I know we get it.
We get it.
Listen, Neil.
They don't get it.
I'm telling you, they don't get it.
I know.
I know.
You have to.
They think we're trying to do the Ku Klux Klan hour here today.
They don't know what I'm talking about.
I know.
I know.
Talking about service.
I'm talking about people to bring working jobs in places where they deal with the public.
That's what I'm talking about.
Of course.
I've gone into a McDonald's and ordered a walker.
And they said, oh, no, ma'am, we're still serving bread.
Of course, they're going to be upset.
They don't sell whoppers in McDonald's.
They said, no, no, they think, oh, no, we don't have it yet.
We're still serving breakfast.
That's what they said.
They don't sell whoppers in McDonald's.
You got to go to Burger King.
You tell me that.
Okay.
Don't get over there and see if they got him.
No, what did they kick their ass out of this?
She goes to McDonald's and orders a brawpper.
It's wrong with you, honey.
That's like going to the Burger King ordering a big Mac.
That's like going to the guy, damn Kentucky fried ordering a Dave Thomas' special, whatever
he's peddling this month.
That big Mac.
I'm going to make fat puddle wacker bag.
Do like Wendy's though.
Do like Wendy's.
And if you tell me around the addkins, by the way, they'll package it up in that tinfoil
without the bread.
They'll really do that.
Am I at the good Wendy's?
Or the smart people are working.
We have an open line in Broward.
All three in day just sitting there dead as a door nail.
I think it's time for Enrique today between now and two o'clock.
And even for that stupid thing in a paper the other day.
Or did that piss me off?
To kind of my good friend Enrique Manuassos at the arrow, they do that just to aggravate
me.
Like they did with that Luis Miguel concert.
I'm going to tell you anybody that the hero knocking Luis Miguel, man, you are a piece of
scum.
You are a piece of subhuman slime.
You couldn't lick Luis Miguel's record over there at the arrow, but you probably would like
to.
Madiqones Grande, that's what they got at the herald.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Car theft is on the rocks.
In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system will protect your car from being stolen.
The club will protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben can.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you pay for
the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out, and he does the
rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells
them.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
That's about it.
I guess I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
He got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My neighborhood isn't that great.
There have been a lot of cars left.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard.
You didn't work from the car, motherfucker.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car, let's me sleep better
at night.
Call now, 1-800-1-Big-Guys.
That's 1-800-1-V-I-G-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this.
No hear this.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Cuff 31 to 560-QM-Hankle be here from Shulestake 2 coming up at 2 o'clock.
Booster for a couple hours tonight, 6 to 8, because the pre-game's at 8.
Panthers at Dallas could be really, really ugly at 3.00 in the night.
Here's a fact from Terry and Ford Myers.
Neil, I don't know if you know this, even if you care.
Well, do I care?
No.
But anyway, it says in April's Ford Myers, the show preceding your program lives off juvenile gay bashing.
Do I care?
No.
Even though they die on the air every morning for 3 hours and 55 minutes,
they always find something to say so they close their show by saying,
and now we join the Neil Rogers show already in progress.
Since most listeners are stopped listening to that station since this guy was hired,
we tune in only for your show and find it really irritating that there's no talent
mean mouth guy lingers on your time.
Just now at 11.30 in the morning,
some of the words about an hour ago, and one of the commercial breaks,
they played a promo for his show, and again, it had something to do with gay bashing.
Could you tell the beeslees to cut it off and that too?
No.
You're the only talent they have in the listen to me.
I'm not going to interfere with the other programs.
If they got some homophobic castle on there, he fits right in with the market over there.
Terry, don't you understand the majority of those people over there are red necks,
and homophobic yourself?
Don't you get that?
That's what he's, remember the Ron and Ron show?
Neil Rogers.
Ah, yeah, remember them?
Followed a couple of gay bashings.
Even though they had that food cake fest wantley on air every morning,
that was the 90% of their humorous gay bashing and big hooters.
That was basically it.
Didn't phase me, and by the way, are there anybody who heard them lately?
No.
I mean, that show.
That was some phantonic creamer don't leave him out.
That was some operation.
Here's a mobile in the field, V.
Chilla.
Ah, yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time, first time.
Yes.
It's under 20 years and you're right.
These people just don't get it.
So, okay.
You could be able to have the goddamn hammer.
And it's like the same thing with the football player from Atlanta.
They got caught trying to get a new teen, yeah.
I mean, they look at it as your attack on the blacks.
This guy just gets a humanitarian good guy award in the morning.
That's what it's all about.
Wow, at least he gave it back.
That was them, white of them.
He gave it back.
I told you, Gene.
Yeah, what color the guy is.
It's what he got in the morning.
What he stepped in and so forth.
Then it goes out and it is the same thing you're talking about now.
These people, they don't get it.
No, they don't.
They don't even understand what I'm talking about today.
And half of the people call in here,
they think that it's open season on racism and ethnic bashing,
which it's not.
I'm just talking about the fact that there are a lot of very unqualified people,
ethnic minorities who get hired because they'll work cheap
and they get hired to handle the white kids,
because they have quotas to fill,
and that they can't do the job.
That's my point.
And especially somebody filling prescriptions of the pharmacy.
What are we talking about here?
I'm gonna say, I've been on it for 20 years.
A couple years older than you.
One cyber tire.
I'm out here in the heartbeat.
And I'll be right on your heels.
Yeah, it can't be soon enough.
And good luck to you, sir.
You too.
I'm counting the days.
Counting the moments.
Never got it.
No, I'm not.
Yes, sir.
Am I?
Yes.
Okay, we have an open line of Broward to indeed.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And a mobile one line.
I mean, see, I talk about all these things every day on the show.
And then the phones start lighting up,
and they're talking about...
All of these things.
No, they're talking about what they perceive that I'm talking about,
or what they would rather that be talking about,
which is opening up the door to their narrow-mindedness and bigotry.
And then the big black guy called Ben calls in an hour and a half ago,
and he accuses me of being a goddamn racist,
which he knows he's full of crap.
I didn't give a crap if this girl was a jab.
I don't care what the hell she was last night during the drugstore.
I'm going to pick up a prescription.
That's all.
I'm not going to socialize.
I'm not there to check her IQ.
I just want to pay for my stuff and believe me,
a costly and arm-in-four legs was the expensive crap.
That's all.
Very simple.
When you're in business, hire people that can deal with the public.
If you're a radio station, don't hire a big fat grotesque sales people that go on.
I think you're disgusting image.
That's right.
Hire somebody that at least looks like a human being.
Not some big fuck, a type of crap.
I said, to top of crap.
Is that what I said?
I said some big top of crap, and I'm a spoke.
I said some big flubba crap.
Yeah, I wasn't going to say this big effent of it.
There you go.
Nice come back.
Some big effent of a crap.
Well, hey, I should have said it.
That's what he is.
He's a big effent of a crap.
Hi, Pally.
You want to do a high-level year?
No.
Get out of here.
Just get away from me.
No.
What's wrong with saying that for Christ's sake in his goddamn juvenile country?
I'm so sick and tired of the word police in the goddamn,
the seatbelt police at the sun, and the goddamn swing club police.
The goddamn pleasure.
It's not just a pleasure police.
It's the everything police.
Pretty soon we'll have the damn bomb movement police.
If you leave a little drop on the seat man, they're going to come after you and put you
give him a release right to your ticket.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
You heard that?
You heard that?
You heard that?
You heard that?
Yes.
Turn that radio down.
Yeah, I want to talk to you a little bit.
Have you heard of the Ricky Martin restaurant?
No.
Oh, yeah, the restaurant in South Beach.
I went over there this week and it was really nice.
Yeah.
Or Valentine's Day.
I took my wife and it was really nice.
Really?
You should talk to Ricky Martin restaurant?
Yeah.
Right on South Beach.
I can't say Ricky Martin.
He makes me sink in.
I thought you liked him.
Ricky Martin, he couldn't sing as well out of a paper sack.
He can't?
No.
Well, anyway.
He couldn't look in Ricky's butt.
But he probably would like to.
He probably would love it.
Okay, we'll check it out.
Thank you so much.
Everybody promoting their restaurant today.
That's okay.
We don't mind except for that Sandy Pantner.
We do mind him a lot.
Gilbert's twin, the brother-in-law.
That piece of turd.
Boy, that's something when you got Sandy's listeners calling
and that really tells you how low we've sunk.
Two open lines and growled one a day.
Very weak again here.
Wednesday.
This is the third straight day.
Oh, yesterday once I finally got him going,
they were psychotic.
We had a lot of great calls yesterday.
Great because of the fact that they were so stupid,
defending the indefensible.
And today's ass Wednesday.
Where's all the good Catholics today, huh?
Probably because he'd macaroni and cheese.
And shmurnet stuff on your forehead.
Shmurnet a little charcoal.
560.560.560 on a mobile one line.
And so we keep pressing and prodding.
And right in the wings is my close personal friend Enrique.
Standing by.
Just in case.
Okay.
Maybe a midly of Enrique.
Maybe an hour and a half of Enrique.
If you guys don't get with it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Well, first of all, you were talking earlier.
I guess you were still talking earlier.
I'm trying to get.
What's that?
I said, go ahead.
Okay, you were talking about the blacks and all that.
You're going to say chronic.
Yeah.
Yes.
And.
And.
Okay, and he's gone because I said he's chronic.
And he is.
Hey, listen, you know what I've said many times before.
I'd rather sit here with a dead board than talk to the chronic.
Okay, you can try to change your voice a little bit.
Talk real quietly in a bit.
You're chronic.
You're just chronic, man.
Two open lines a day.
Let's hear from somebody new and different today.
God damn it.
Let's hear from some woman today.
Let's hear from some people I work in retail who work with some of these morons.
Come on.
Let's go.
You know what I'm talking about?
You know I'm an effin' right.
I'm going to see my fucking power.
Oh.
Okay.
He said he's up to do your show, but he's afraid to go.
So he has to stay.
He's from the heart of the doctor.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
He's afraid to go.
1245 with 560 QN.
So this idiotic review of Enrique's concert on Valentine's Day by Leela Kobo Hanlon,
whoever, whatever, banana bolchiga, just absolutely unacceptable, wrote,
Tess.
It says, what has always served Eglaceus well as his charm on stage and off.
On this evening, he used it to get by.
He used it by allowing a young boy to get on stage and sing along extremely well, by the way.
To know Yor's poor me.
Don't cry for me.
Eglaceus also was a trooper in giving hugs to the female fans who periodically stormed the stage.
All of that got old after a while.
Security take note.
Eglaceus is more closely associated with Ricky Martin and Shai-jian.
But he shows reminiscent of the Lisa Miguel and it's reliance on voice.
This works for the Lisa Miguel.
But for Eglaceus to pull this off, he needs to improve his singing, it says.
And the headline on the review says Enrique Eglace's voice can't match charm.
So in other words, what I think she's really trying to say is he looks better than he sounds.
Is that debatable?
No.
Of course not.
She only wishes that she could go up there and touch it.
Okay, just grab a light and you just get a cheap feel.
Anything, any part.
Ponyl.
So he looks great.
Okay, he's knocked down, fall down, beautiful gorgeous.
Okay, and so you know, like, and then to compare him with Lisa Miguel.
How many times have I said that?
Is there a comparison between Enrique and Lisa Miguel?
No.
Of course not.
There's nobody in the world sings like Louise Miguel.
But sweetheart, you've crossed the goddamn line when you start picking it on Enrique, honey.
He's got more talent in his little finger rhymes with, huh?
And she's got in her whole body, especially writing for that paper.
What is?
What's the name?
Okay, calm down Enrique.
We have an open line and take one and Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Palm 5, 60.
Maybe that's what they're saying.
Finger, finger.
How many they're from New York?
Finger.
That may be a finger.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, now.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I used to work in the salesman at Home Depot.
Yes.
One time this bag came out to me and he tried to come around to me.
Uh-huh, yeah.
Okay, we have an open line at Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That's your buddy, by the way.
Another one of those little spicks, which is the reason that we can't talk to too many spicks in this time.
Because there was two or three little holios that are busy playing grab ass with each other.
And the T-room at Westland.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 in the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
When is this?
Okay, going on three.
Going on three.
Okay, here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Uh-huh.
We're just probing the outer reaches here for some kind of life.
I would say intelligent life, but we're not too optimistic.
Oh, I'm not sure if we're going to find it.
I work retail pharmacy, and I know it's rough.
And now you feel I experience a first hand every day since I was a child.
Well, look, can I ask you this question?
What kind of a system is it that they have in these drug stores,
where they have these little boxes with the alphabet on them,
and then they have bags all over the place,
and there's a bunch of them in drawers,
and they've got prescription slips smeared out all over the counter.
I mean, is that a system?
Uh, that's a show resemblance of some kind of system, yeah.
Well, it sucks.
You've got a better solution.
I've got a better solution, like, uh, there's got to be a more scientific way of doing it, you know?
I mean, they're just having the stuff laying all over the place.
Uh, every time someone comes up to get their script, I cringe,
because I have a cylinder person out front, so not to come.
I mean, let me ask you this, when one of the pharmacists gets done filling a prescription
when it's ready to go, why can't they take it immediately
and put it in one of those bins where it belongs,
and put it in alphabetical order? Why can't they do that?
Usually that's how it should be done.
Not an Easter I've ever seen.
They've got some of them in the bins, some of them are laying on the counter,
some of them are over where you drop the thing off in the first place,
and they've got like 20 different places where stuff is laying around.
Well, I don't know in the place, but if you want to come by and have me help you,
I'd be more than happy to have you with me.
Where's that?
In Daniel.
Oh, in Daniel, okay, I'll pass. Thank you, sir.
I'm going to go to Daniel for a prescription.
No.
Okay, Dave County is wide open, 56670560,
pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time call, a long time listener.
I was Catholic, who doesn't believe in any of that crap.
Yes.
Happy to ask when's they, by the way?
Yeah, right.
I got a story about him, McDonald's and Davies.
Yeah.
Last year I get to the win started.
I'm not sure exactly how the stuff operates, but I don't care.
I went there and ordered two cheeseburgers playing with cheese,
hoping to clean mess that up.
While popping it down the road, when I opened the things up,
all they had was the bread and the cheese.
Yeah.
Well, that's close.
Yeah, that's close.
There's nothing worse than getting the cheeseburger with no cheese on it.
I allowed it though, you know, thinking maybe somebody in there knew what they're doing,
and I considered it was whitewood.
I doubted.
Should've known better, pal.
All right.
Hey, I sent my girlfriend one of those Vermont teddy bears to work great, man.
Excellent.
All right.
Have a good one.
Happy to ask when's they?
Where's my meat?
Okay, open line of Broward, all three in date.
I think, you know, we've put this as far as we can today.
This audience is run dry.
They run dry on Monday.
Friday, I think they were out of material.
Bob Elbury, by the way, he'll be back when he's good and ready.
That's basically what it says in the paper today.
Maybe this weekend, maybe by Saturday with that Phoenix skin.
Maybe not.
Okay.
And like I said, they're spending a lot of money to get all these rocket signs together,
to send out these surveys and then, you know, approach each and every one of the no-shows,
find out their name, address, shoe size, where they get their prescriptions filled,
why aren't they there?
Which last time I checked, I really wasn't a very big problem.
We don't really have all that many no-shows.
We got tremendous crowds at every game, and spite of the mediocre hockey out there,
and spite of all the problems.
And what they ought to be trying to do is expend their energies on making things right.
Oh my god, there he goes again.
He hasn't lived here long enough.
What a concept.
Seriously, you think that if you lived someplace long enough, you'd catch on.
You get used to it with me, it's just to be first.
The longer I live here, the harder it is for me to accept the fact that there's so much mediocrity that goes on here,
and people just accept it.
They just shrug their shoulders.
You know, that's the Florida F and Way, man.
The rules are different here.
Here's a mobile in the Grove.
Hello?
New guy.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
Hey, that guy before me, he didn't tell you he's a vegetarian.
He ordered a veggie burger.
Yeah, what's going on with that?
I was wondering if I got my cheese.
I'm a happy camper.
Of course, I can't eat the bun, so I'd have to scrape the cheese off.
Yeah, I'd like to eat some butter right now.
I'll be waiting for it before I forget it.
Well, don't forget it.
It's ass wins then.
Yeah, it's exactly what I was going with.
My girlfriend's listening, baby.
Remember tonight's ass wins.
All right.
Lou bit up.
Listen, I had a similar experience.
I had a similar bad experience when my 10-year-old was an infant with an antibiotic.
And thank God my ex-wife and Lauren, otherwise she would have been in trouble with her record drugs.
I mean, record drugs.
I can't stand records.
Well, maybe we want to vomit.
You just say we had a couple of nice letters going their way and they could care of us a little way.
They smeared you a little bit?
Yeah, they smeared us a little bit.
And that bitch, look, I'm not inclined, the homo section being inclined.
But if I were, I'd do both and wreaking and Louie's gonna get out at the same time.
So that bitch that wrote an article showed up your ass, bitch.
Okay, she probably is.
One more thing, I got a good medical money.
Okay.
Okay, this guy is ready.
He's ready.
I'll write for ass wins.
I think he's already into it.
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
That fucking bit.
Yeah, knocking in Rique, huh?
See, no, that's the only thing I noticed.
No Hispanic, the only one that can get away with doing a constant this time,
always they suck her ass is, you know, Gloria.
Gloria Estefan, who by the way sucks watermelons.
Okay, she couldn't sing a word about goddamn paper bags.
She blows.
Worst in Monica.
She's a piece of turd.
She could do a concert every note could be off key.
And they're writing all these one or all they're just obsessed.
You know, she's one of the untouchables.
But if, and then probably even Ricky Martin, if he came here, they said,
you know, he was okay, but you know, he's Puerto Rican.
And he's also, well, here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Elkunir, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Now, first time call her.
Great.
I was telling you, the problem with the people is not the ethnic background,
or anything like that is the fact that nobody takes any pride in the work they do.
Yeah.
They clock in, they get their paycheck regardless of the do a crappy job or if they do a great job.
Yeah, Ram is a clock.
It's called schlock.
That's what they do.
A schlock.
All right, and Gloria is like my ass.
Okay.
What do you think Gloria would say to that?
Okay.
Two open lines a day, two and a brow, and it's spinning out, baby.
You're a tough crowd, a tough nut to crack here today.
We should have 50,000 calls on a phone on this.
Okay.
But like I said, I'm the only one there last night with even slightly agitated.
Everybody else, they're either very good actors or it's just me.
I'm getting older, crotchety.
These people are standing online and they're like glazed over.
They're standing there so long and they're like, so hopeless at this point that you're looking
at their eyes, they're like glazed over.
But they don't care.
They're not making a peak.
You know, I get, you know, because I guess they're afraid that if they say something,
then they speak up, they'll give them arsenic or something in their prescription.
Absolutely, positively, unething acceptable.
That was what that experience was like.
And when I drove out of there, I thought, well, you know, I've been doing business there
a long time.
There's some nice people like my friend Marcy that used to work there.
I don't see her anymore.
In fact, I don't see any of the same people there anymore.
That store's not been open at long.
But unacceptable.
You're talking people's health.
I mean, my life was just creamed the shimmer on my neck.
So it wasn't going to be life and death in my case.
But usually it's prescription drugs, which is.
Oh, I don't know.
How do you spell that?
ZQX.
What is it?
Let me write it out for you, honey.
Okay?
Just bear your ass.
And let me, let me emblaz-en on your goddamn-
Correct.
Okay, and then see if you can figure out how you spell it.
Dumb.
Just absolutely impossibly dumb.
A system of, hold the whole setup is flawed.
It's garbage.
And you people go into these joints and you place your good life and your health and your whole family's health on this crap.
And these people are running around back there like a bunch of goddamn banana bugs in the heat.
They don't know what they're doing.
The Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's the Lauderdale to two hours.
I took my troubles to the Heathrow School.
Welcome, you said it's the thing you do.
I said that I was laughing and the rest I hold his eyes.
I wonder how he knew they were.
I was a circumcised.
I told him that I was a fox with a chick.
He said for 50, 50, quick-knife, 10.
He looked at his wife, 10, and said he had a child.
It was even closer.
I was a circumcised.
He now found his third owner and gave me away.
If that owner got it, I'm right here in the crate.
I felt the sudden smell and then I started to shrink.
I dropped my drugs, I thought of drugs.
Mind he's got weeks.
I couldn't see it on the left all right.
I only know my teeth were quite ass-signed.
I used to feel large, but it's a bit down the side.
I'm all the life I've got.
I just been circumcised.
I'm all the life I've got.
I'm all the life I've got.
I'm all the life I've got.
I'm all the life I've got.
I dropped my drugs, I thought of drugs.
I need God's weeks.
I couldn't see it on the left all right.
I only knew my teeth were quite ass-signed.
Now they call me man and swear I shall lift a guy.
I'm walking like a cowboy.
All right.
I just been circumcised.
I just been circumcised.
I just been circumcised.
I just been circumcised.
It just felt like a prick.
Okay, 102 at 560WQM.
We have an open line.
Who was that by the way that did that?
Was that KJ?
Didn't that bit?
No.
It's all night theatre.
Yeah.
A local bar band.
And did we ever hear from them again?
Yes.
They did the who will stop the Wayne.
Really?
Oh, they're damn good.
So let's give a little credit where credit is due.
Okay, through all night theatre.
We have an open line and date.
56070560 and PAN of 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Oh, yeah, new.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm going back and forth on this issue with the police in New York, with the shooting of 41 times.
Yes.
Yeah, my cousin's back in fourth on it.
Yeah, man, I'm having a debate with mechanic here in my life.
Yeah.
And he thinks that that was completely racial.
He's like, he's black.
Yeah.
He thinks it was completely racial.
I'm telling him, I spoke to my cousin, my cousin's Cuban.
He's a couple of Miami.
He told me that he would have done the same exact thing.
Well, he's crazier than a vet dog.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
President, let me say it again.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Got nothing to do with being crazier.
Got nothing to do with being that.
I mean, he tells the person to stop and he keeps running.
He's got something on his hand.
He doesn't even shoot.
And with so many cops, we're trying to find some of them.
They thought he had a gun.
So they had a shooting 41 times.
Did I know?
I thought he had a gun.
And then the kind of gun that they were shooting, you know, you hear a echo and you think there's another gun shooting back at you.
Uh-huh.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, right.
So maybe they should have shot 82 times.
There we go.
Back at you.
We have an open line in day one and Broward, 56670560 and 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, God.
Yes, sir.
I use the word, Bunk all the time and people ask me, what the hell that means.
I say, unacceptable.
I could go a place of getting bunker, meet in.
Go Redwings.
Uh-huh.
Like I said, Jack Ball.
Open line in day one and Broward, 56670560 and 0560.
All the Redwing fans, that's stupid.
I remember that one young blonde guy that's from last year.
He was a good guy.
He was okay.
Yeah.
But other than that, I think the Redwing fans are like mental, baske cases because they know they're not going to do the three-peat.
And boy, there's nothing worse in the world.
I hate that expression.
Three-peat.
All these sports nerds.
Oh, let's go for the three-peat.
Ho-ho-ho.
Oh, God.
I mean, we're talking to mentality so embarrassing, so juvenile.
What do you think about that Kinesh's Odeonigame that I watched the number on that game, huh?
Hmm.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, you?
Yes, sir.
I sort of made believe the guidance of Finale Saturday night.
Yeah.
In LA when they sort of went on a pass and the flight puts the end.
Mm-hmm.
And I was over at Maple's working out yesterday.
Hey, what they said?
We just got a little suddenly and I started talking to him.
He was red honoured.
He was working out the treadmill.
He's the great shape for his age to work out.
I was a pleasure to hear that.
You got to be almost 90 years older, man.
Yeah, he's still working on the treadmill.
Yeah.
He's pleased to see that he was actually seen down.
He's seen some photographs, but he was actually pleased he was seen down here.
Great guy.
At the point of about 15 minutes.
You see the end of the thing where he handed the Maple Leaf Park.
That was a picture of him at the point.
That was great.
That was great.
And he was a easily start talking about his years way back when.
Neither tied it back in 1941.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
Thank you, and let's talk again.
Let's put that pass that on.
Maybe we can suit him up and put him on defense.
That was a great day, pal.
Yep.
We need some help.
Well, I got that big guy from Vancouver, I see last time.
I never got rid of Derby Henderson.
We'll never be the same again.
We have an open line and Dave Wooden Brown.
Who's that?
Who's that you're talking about?
5670560 and 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to talk about the islanders.
Why?
I want to find out, well, I am an islander fan.
I'm from the island.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
I want to find out why in the world would they want to get Felix Potten when they had Tommy Stallow?
I mean, the guy.
Because Mike Milbury didn't like Tommy Stallow.
He thought that Felix Potten was still had it and obviously he doesn't.
But you know, one good thing about that trade, it turned out to be a piece of crap for both teams.
You know, they say, they say if the trade works well for both teams, it's a good trade.
In this case, it worked out crappy for both teams, so it's a good trade.
Brian Barard can't play a lick of defense for leaves and Felix Potten can't stop a watermelon.
So worked out even for both teams and you guys are in big trouble.
We have an open line and Dave, 5670560 and 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
If you notice, by the way, Tommy Stallow is playing much of your games now.
Here's a North Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil, good day.
Yes sir, good day.
Good day.
Good day and long time, listen.
Alright.
Hey, we're in some urgent a couple days ago, bad mouth and the real hotel out in Vegas.
I just got back out there from out there myself.
Well, if anybody's got a different point of view, let me straighten you out.
I never stayed there before.
I had a real bad experience with the bad taste in my push.
Well, I'm just, you know, I just got a dish back on the rag that day.
I mean, I got to tell you besides the fact there was a mile off the strip, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
I mean, had a nice room overlooking the strip.
I had a rail car which, you know, I took downtown to Fremont.
Right.
I walked the strip.
Right.
And, you know, hey, for Vegas, I had a blast running the vet out when I was out there,
taking for a nice cruise out in the desert.
Yeah, but why, oh, you got a minute car if you're going to be out there.
But why would you want to stay at a place that's a mile off the strip?
What's the advantage?
What's the big traction there?
Well, would they have caught me?
I can't recommend it to some friends.
And besides just being in the room just to sleep, I was never there.
I got rated pretty good.
But like you said, you know, it's just the main disadvantage being a mile off the strip.
Big, but nice, beautiful 6-hours worth of suite there.
Right.
For the 60 bucks a night, I couldn't be in the 5-day box at night.
For the 6-day box at night?
Yeah.
Now, when you say a big, beautiful space is sweet, I mean, I know it's an all-sweet hotel,
but I mean, I have a feeling that the average room at the MGM Grand is probably no smaller than what you're talking about.
I've never been in the MGM.
They get pretty damn nice rooms for like, you know, 90 out of the one week, like, 89, 90 bucks a night.
The only difference is, I'm sure you get a much nicer room to want to typify that the MGM.
Right here, those are highly promoted, one type.
Yeah. Right.
All right, by the way, just talking about it, maybe you just had a bad...
Well, we'll find out.
Well, let's get some more at Rio Sweet Peoples.
Let's, uh, we're Ferris Furry, you know.
Can I call somebody a dish bag?
Thanks, sir.
Hey, Rich, you're not the better ponytail driving dish bag.
Okay, pal.
Betty had a good time.
Why don't you went to Vegas and you got out of there?
Is what he said he didn't stay there.
He just just slept there.
So, what's the, you know, what's not to like?
If you only sleep, you sleep it out of bed.
Okay.
You're sleeping in a room out of bed.
As long as it's a nice decent room, clean room, good shower and all the...
Uh, what difference does it make?
But I had a really bad experience, and since we're talking about service
and treating people right today, why would I even think about going back to a place
where I had a bad experience in a place that's noted that's world-famous for great service
and being friendly?
Why would I want to go back to a place like that?
But I'm sure that there are a lot of you who love the Rio Sweet's.
Go ahead, give them a good plug.
Whatever you like.
Or not.
I don't, I don't think there's a bad room at the MGM Grand.
I could be wrong, but I mean, for any price, I don't think there's a bad room in that joint.
It's just a beautiful place and how they do it.
They got 5,000 rooms in there, and usually they're pretty damn packed, you know?
And how they clean them all.
You know, you go out for a while to come back by noon or one o'clock your room is already cleaned
and then the...
Like I've told you, the room service, the food is sensational.
And 30 minutes.
If that place is jam-packed and makes no difference during the biggest conventions,
30 minutes, 35 at the most, there's your food room service.
They're not going on the door, the food is great.
What's not to like?
I had one in my mouth once.
Ever wondered what it would be like to get raped by Demi Moore?
Yes, yes, why do you move?
Leave it to Hollywood to be so far removed from this planet
you can't possibly take them seriously.
We're not Hollywood.
If you have it with this real terror, then gut-wrenching truth of seductive rape.
Reality physics presents real disclosure starring Janet Reno.
I'm here, big boy.
You'll cringe in horror when you see Janet Reno seduce her underlings.
Wasn't good for you.
Wasn't good for you.
What was that anyway?
Wasn't open to staff.
Real disclosure, coming soon.
Maybe we shouldn't say that.
Starting Friday.
114-560Q.
By the way, for the benefit of Ben, who might still be listening, I'm sure he is.
The bad service I had at the Rio Suites in Vegas a couple of years ago.
They were white people.
All white.
Just to set the records straight, okay?
Just to clear up the complex of the whole story there, they were lily white.
And they were bunch of assholes and I will not go back.
Simple as that.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
I call everyone once in a while and we talk about the red wings.
I just didn't want you to put us all on the same boat as that.
Well, I've had him come up here the other day.
He called the same aboso.
He's just a jackass, okay?
He's too much time to Detroit.
You want to start.
You don't think we've got a chance?
Or the, I won't say it.
How do you know that with 30 games left?
How does anybody know who's got a chance?
I see those kinds of calls are the kinds of calls that make sports talks shows terminal.
People are calling.
Well, what do you think?
Who do you like?
How do you know?
How does anybody know?
I don't know.
You said it.
I was just giving that guy a little stork.
Don't be so sensitive, man.
If you're from Detroit, you shouldn't be sensitive.
Okay.
You want to talk about?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
As soon as the first survey starts during his 650 million rubles, I think we'll be all right.
You guys have had enough.
Okay.
Leave room for somebody else.
Get out of here.
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7.
I'll see it to pink as when they open up again in about 50 years.
Okay, sir?
Yeah, Detroit.
There's a place.
You're ain't what it was.
Oh, my God.
No.
Never going to be what it used to be.
No.
Not even close.
A shadow of what it once was.
The great city that used to be.
The motor city.
And now, oh, jeez.
A toilet.
But I don't want to go into the reasons.
Here is a sunrise.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
And, Boeners, to you.
I got a couple things for you.
I'm calling from sunrise.
I just want you to know that there are living and breathing people out here.
Oh, yeah.
I love that.
A couple things.
First, about this new ordinance, about the Neon Science.
Yeah, isn't that pathetic?
How's that coming?
Anything new on that?
I haven't heard a word about it.
And seems to be all the signs are still up.
Was that one man's notion?
Or did, like, the...
Some council vote on it?
Yeah, the Sunrise Commission vote on it.
And, of course, it was being pushed by the city manager, Pat Salerno, who's a major
rancel.
Does anybody not have blue hair that voted on that?
How many of them?
Isn't that his name, Pat Salerno?
And, he's the guy?
Yes.
Well, how come they have that Pat Salerno highway?
Do we name highways after guys that are still alive?
Apparently.
What the hell is that?
Well, the Sunrise is probably almost dead anyway, right?
Yeah, well, he's probably 20 years younger than the median age.
Even if he has been.
Yeah, this, they just arbitrarily, like a bunch of sign Nazis, came along.
And they're trying to put all these poor bastards out of business.
Right.
And you don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You don't like it?
You won't cut off the circulation so bad.
You lunatic Jew.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neo.
Yes, sir.
You saw ESAIT.
Hey, listen.
We get married and I'm going from my honeymoon to Italy.
Yeah.
For the month of June.
Uh-huh.
And I'm going like I'm a tour.
I'm going all over.
Florence, Rome, Venice.
Great.
I'm Milan.
Excellent.
So I want to know if you can give me some good restaurants.
Doesn't matter.
In which city?
But yeah, okay.
Well, there's something to tell a restaurant.
Tri McDonald's in each one.
Okay, you'll love it.
I mean, well, what is that?
Give me some good restaurants.
You don't worry about the name of a restaurant in Italy, my friend.
You go to the Trahtoreas.
You go to Little Mom and Pop Trahtoreas.
And you have a fantastic meal.
Go to Giglios in Rome, okay?
There's one for a G-I-G-L-I-O.
Giglios.
It's on the Via, whatever the hell it is.
It's on Via Nazionale there.
I can't think of the name.
Right by the Opera House.
There's all I mean, just go to a restaurant.
Wherever you go, it'll be better than 95% of the crap that you buy here, okay?
What is with these people?
What is with these people?
I'm going to Vegas.
Can you tell me a good place to gamble?
Yeah, what is that?
I like, like, I'm going to be locked up in San Quentin for 10 years.
Can you tell me the number of a good sell to hang out at?
What are these people talking about?
Just go with the flow, baby.
Go and have a good time and wander around.
And don't go to the tourist traps.
And don't get sucked in.
Don't spend too much time in Florence, sir.
It's a real, real tourist trap.
Beautiful city, beautiful people, but highly overpriced, and a real tourist trap.
Don't spend too much time on the Patevecchio with all that overpriced jewelry.
Unless you want to buy your wife a lovely necklace.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neo, God.
How are you, Neo?
Great.
This is, as far as the accords and Walgreens go, that's pretty much a lesser of two evils.
Because I'm a Julio and down here you try to go to one of the Boe de Gitas,
one of the little privately owned pharmacies.
Oh my God.
It'll be there for hours before anyone even gives you a hand.
Well, they're busy, you know, choking the chickens in the back now for the, all that woodstock they do.
I think the magnetic bracelets going?
Yeah, I was going to West them.
I wonder if you could tell me a good theorem to use.
Number two, I'm right.
Just right next to pennies.
And before I go, I wanted to give you a Neo, Mady Kong.
All right.
We have an open line of date, 5, 6, 7, Mady Kong.
Yeah, that last syllable has to be really, you know, really hard on that thing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3, and 5, 5, 6, 3.
So I said a fat tub of crap before, okay, and you got all excited about it.
I said a fat effing tub.
I'm glad that I did that.
Okay, in fact, I think the next time I'll say the whole word.
I'm, I'm tired of this repression, this goddamn constipated country.
And just like, just, you know, if the American people are so consistent,
it's just like what I'm talking about the scene at Walgreens last night.
And yes, I am making a big tinnitus about it, because it wasn't only this girl in her ineptitude,
and the pharmacist with his rather marginal attitude,
the whole thing bothered me because the customers,
because they've been conditioned like a bunch of sheep to just stand there and stand.
They're like, not even get the slightest air in.
You know, they're getting agitated. They just don't want to show it.
And I used to be one of those people that was like very, very low-key, very quiet.
I'd go, I never want to make waves in a store like that.
But, you know, I said to her, is this uncanted camera? Is this a joke?
And that's not the first time I've used that line.
I've used that in other places too, like if they're just absolutely ridiculous
and they keep you waiting and they can't get direct together.
I'll start looking around. Where's the camera?
We've got to be uncanted camera. This can't be for real.
Nobody could be this stupid and anept could they?
And the sheep, they just stand there and they stand and instead of saying,
hey, how about getting somebody over here that knows what they're doing?
So there's an old line, you know, in life you get what you deserve.
So if you jackasses are well-in-the-sit there and take that for service, then to you, okay?
Just like the morons in the macarena with a gulet you can't see.
Wow, we know what a make waves, you know, that kneel, he's just still got a big mouth.
What a bunch of pussy's we got here.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hella.
Hey, kneel. I'm from the West Coast. I've been going to Vegas for years and years.
And the two places that I think have the best service are, I don't know if you ever see this desert in.
No.
But they treat you like a king there. I think desert in and then the stardust.
I think it's only two privately owned hotels.
I like the stardust, but they have that one wing that's older than stardust at the fair.
Yeah.
I don't want to stay in there, but...
That restaurant in the stardust, William Bees, is excellent.
Stay-couse, yeah, that's good.
Yeah, they also have a good buffet in there at the stardust if you don't catch the long line.
That's pretty good.
That's great, it's okay, it's fair.
I'll take you to the place I love, which is back open again.
Now, what's the diner they have in Ralph's?
I mean, yeah, that's an even Ralph's diner in the stardust.
Huh?
You mean the old, the oldie's diner in the stardust?
Yeah, the old 50, it's called Ralph's.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. They got good food in there, right?
They had that place closed down for a while, they were redoing it, but the last time there was open again.
I love Ralph, that's a good place.
That's a good hotel, I treat you good to the desert in.
Is Ralph ever stayed at the Rio Suites?
No, but I've gambled in there a few times and they've taken my money.
It's feeling too low in there.
Yeah, I'm elected, look at the top of the room closet.
Looks like this size of the studio.
Yeah, I don't know, I don't get, I like the MGM, they treat you real good there.
Great.
And Caesar's Palace is another place.
Right, there you go, not to gamble in, but just to go in and eat me and the shop and spend a lot of money.
Classic.
Right, okay, pal.
Thank you.
See on the strip.
I don't say strip, those cops will be down here in no time again, the BSO.
Oh, it's another one of those strip clubs.
Another one of those goddamn swinger places.
Let's raid the goddamn thing.
Do you think the Europeans were laughing at us with the penis skate stuff?
If they read about this kind of craft, they would just wet their pants.
They'd be calling you an Ilus in every half an hour for a refill under the pins.
They're raiding swing clubs?
Oh my god, they must have cut down shooting everybody over there in America.
No, just to do this on a spare time and make it look good.
Like those tickets, they're going to be writing for not wearing your seatbelt.
Yeah, it makes it look like they're really keeping us safe.
You're not fooling anybody with a brain, I'll tell you that, Sunset.
No, you're not fooling me with your seatbelt, fool crap.
And guess what, I'm not wearing them and I'm not going to wear them.
Come, tell them.
It damn near kill them.
10, 1, 2, 3, 4.
The Indian, you're in the black and red contest.
Now we're starting to lose the ball.
Just known the front porch hair down my back.
14 shitties up on the chest.
I'll drink that beer, never get full.
All day long as the tractor's full.
Plants all home, everything's about us.
Saturday, Sun's on a merry-match.
He wants to have a wedding at the boat's heart of fame.
That's drunk last night, almost sad.
At our needle, it's my devil's wild.
The beans of a milk and a John Deere ant, 16 dogs and 13 kids, going to the beach.
And I get sun bucks, I don't know, I don't know.
I'm not sure, I'm pretty busy.
It's all about the Indian, 49 dogs and not so big.
And that's not how it was tied.
I tailkate and I be forward to read them signs baby of course.
I hate them signs that make me nervous.
No shoes, no shirt, no service.
I love my idols.
I ain't joking.
Richard Piedney and Big Hall Folk.
The stick for all my mother's fur is a level of this.
I think we just do it here far.
The fur fur is this.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
We have two open lines in date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight,
five, six, eight, on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I had a contact dermatitis caused by the spring.
Am I long?
And the dermatologist wrote no substitution on the prescription.
Right.
And I went to Walmart and they filled it wrong.
And when I said to the woman,
Oh, you filled it wrong, she said,
what difference does it make for a sunburn?
Oh my gosh, she said that.
She said that.
So I went to the manager.
He said, what difference does it make for a small monster?
First sunburn.
I said, I'm not all white people.
It's a sunburn when in their faces red.
I went to the manager, handing me a $10 card to get merchandise.
I handed it back to him so that I want the prescription right.
Yeah.
He called her up and I said, I want you to come with me.
I said, I don't want to deal with either of them.
Both of them were black.
The pharmacist and the clerk.
And he came with me and she was on the phone yelling at my doctor,
saying, you don't know any better.
You have to write medically necessary.
She was yelling at the doctor?
Because yelling at the doctor, the doctor didn't know any better.
The doctor had to write medically necessary
that no substitution is not what you write in Florida.
Well, does she a doctor?
Just some bits that's filling prescriptions in their Walmart?
Just some bits.
I'm from bitch, yeah.
And I'm waiting there.
I now have a fever.
I know what I ended up doing.
I got the prescription there.
I had an internal prescription.
He said if they got really bad, but I noticed it was the same one
my cat was taking.
And my cat filled things right.
So I took it.
I called the vet up and said, can I have some more?
Yeah.
And I took the predisone that my cat was supposed to take
because I got so annoyed I don't want to go back
and have a fill there.
And?
And when I called the insurance company and complained,
she called Walmart and she had me as a tourist down here
with a sunburn.
And a doctor from New York, he didn't know any better.
Yeah.
So you can't win at any of the pharmacies.
OK, well, you're OK now, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So I look like a good lawsuit to me.
So I saw a gone thanks to the vet's medicine.
Thanks to the cat.
OK, have a great day.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
OK, well, she smeared it on her one.
All she said was we were a cat.
We have an open line in Broward in two a day, 5, 6, 7.
And she said it cleared it up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So this bitch calls up the doctor and bitches him out.
How do you like that?
This is a bitch at Walmart.
See, I mean, there's so many things
with each one of these transactions
that are unacceptable, unprofessional.
I'll be back to pick it up at 6.
I get there a few minutes early, four or five minutes.
And then this pharmacist is the same one I handed the thing
to who's supposed to be the expert there, the pervert
and the expert.
He's like, oh, yeah, well, you told me six.
And I see they're going through all these sheets
of the prescription subs.
It's a sin.
They haven't even started it yet.
And now they're calling out names.
They've got one other pharmacist standing back there.
We're overworked like crazy.
And he's on the EPA calling Hamilton in Schwartz.
And none of these people are in the store.
Meanwhile, there's a half a dozen of us sitting
around waiting.
Why not take care of the people who are there?
I know that's a ridiculous concept.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, you can hire anybody off the street
and stick them in the store.
I mean, that takes no talent, just to stick a body in there.
But to stick somebody in, it knows how to get people servicing
to do a job right.
That's where it might take a little talent.
Maybe some of our salespeople looking for a good job.
That wall green, huh?
Maybe they can eat some of the fish we run the side
while they're waiting.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A business traveler.
I live in the land of white trash and old people, Tampa Bay.
Yes.
Down here about every two weeks.
I get to have those in here.
For Tampa.
Yeah.
I'm curious to get your view on this rich redneck
for a hot day owner that we have up there.
Everybody's up and on the guys on the place
for eight months came in with this fire.
But we don't care down here, see?
I know that it's taken me all these years.
And I still can't convince you guys that the people in South
Florida don't care about Tampa.
I do like that.
I tell those I'll tell you that.
It's still a hell of a place.
But we don't care about the lightning.
I know you got real problems.
You've got, I think the whole franchise
is in tremendous jeopardy because they're not
drawn to flies now.
And I can't blame them.
I mean, there's nobody coming to see that crap.
And then the worst news that I read was that Esposito's
trying to get a group together to buy the team.
And if he comes back, you're really finished.
He's an awful administrator.
He's a nightmare.
Actually, I'm a dialogue devil fan.
I do.
And now that his son of a law has been traded away,
what do you want to come back for anyway?
Televon up.
Awful.
Anyway, I think I think the franchise is a great thing.
Somebody said to me nice to me.
They said, well, maybe they ought to try
minor league hockey in Tampa.
I said they already are.
Awful.
And I go.
I'm like, do I love that?
Yeah, but that's not a team.
I mean, that's an embarrassment.
It's a disgrace.
OK, you know, I do enjoy the.
If you've had a tie, do you have the day against the islanders?
You ought to have a party.
Have a great day.
So thanks to Corey Slav.
I saw some of that game the other afternoon, Monday afternoon.
I know you're not watching it because you're not into it.
You're like, you know, you have no idea what you're missing.
So many of the people in this town are so adamant and so
narrow minded.
You don't know what you're missing.
You're missing the good stuff.
You're watching a bugger that bunch of these big seven-foot
sparts is jammed to basketball.
And I think that's a sport wrong, not even close.
I think look how the basketball like Michigan State.
There you go.
That's a ballgame.
But this NBA crap man, forget it.
Why even waste your time?
And I heard Hank, nice going.
Hank was ripping a crap out of this American Airlines
center that they built four blocks away from the old place.
The white elephant.
And he's right.
Everybody in the world is laughing at us.
Oh, gee, they were afraid to go to the other place
because it's in a bad part of town.
But we'll build this place for Mickey and the team.
Four blocks away.
Look, that's going to make a big difference.
But I would mind, Hank, and others that all
talk about putting a baseball stadium down town.
It would pretty much be in that same area.
Does anybody want to go there?
No.
Does it make sense to stick it there?
No.
Is it convenient for most of the people
who live in the Tri-County area?
No.
But anyway, they just keep pushing and pushing
and pushing because it's good for the hero.
It's good for Mickey Erison.
It's good for Carnival Cruise Lines.
And I say screw all of them.
I'm dying here in the butt, honey.
Well, since the word came down, I've been home crying in my bed.
I turned up to see because the city in the air says,
low-rodden you love to why.
Why don't you practice that to free throw line?
Then you could help us drive the necessary
the mom and dad by.
No.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's so hard without my help.
Oh, man.
Now you got to free life with the many hopes to be on man.
I'll show you where the purple guy get in here.
Cutting the spin on the fans.
No.
Well, right now you just don't hide.
You can triple down to the future.
You got to help us drive the necessary
the mom and dad by.
I do feel the same.
Help us drive the necessary
the mom and dad by.
Help us drive the necessary
the mom and dad by.
Thank you, long enough, my.
143 at 560 WQM, the Hank Goldberg show from Shulestay 2 coming up at 2 o'clock.
6 o'clock we got big fat Vogue Shambi 6 day.
Yes, you now we can talk because I've lost 13 pounds and I've lost 30.
So we can say big real fat Vogue Shambi and maybe in Veracinital losing like 70
Rady Ponds for his start.
Then we got Skinny Ed Kaplan with all the gambling stuff 10 o'clock tonight.
Oh, no, we don't.
We got the Panther Pregame.
I'm sorry.
Panther Pregame and eight Panthers at Dallas, 830.
I'm trying to block that out of my mind.
It could be real ugly.
Okay, here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I've been in out of my car all day.
Have you talked about the orgasm police in Alabama?
No.
I heard it on the move this morning that they the legislature in Alabama passed the law.
Yeah.
That any device that gives you an orgasm is now going to be illegal.
Like your hand, yeah.
Your hand, you know, a whole pocket rocket.
Yeah, an electric drill.
Woodpecker.
What, I mean, what, how are they going to live?
You know, anyone that has extra pocket rockets or had to Alabama, I'm sure they're going
for a lot of money.
How about real-fac batteries?
Ever its stories about guys doing that?
And one other thing, you're absolutely right about lack of service in these stores.
I think that's why I build a square when I'm out of business.
Yeah.
I've had such bad service in there.
I told these people, you know, what are you going to do when this place closes and you
don't have a job?
And they say, you're not.
They are closed.
And in court.
Hey, listen, when I had remembered that I had that toilet seat problem a few weeks ago,
and I go to that builder square where by the sawdress, which in unbeknownst to me was
on the verge of closing.
And I'm, I'm walking, I'm about to walk 42 miles in there and still couldn't find a
damn thing that I wanted.
But you know what, the further north you go in this state, the better the service gets.
I helped a friend move to Orlando.
Yeah.
And I couldn't believe that he needed some things to the new house that he moved into.
And we went into a, not a builder square home depot.
And this employee took us to every single area in the store for that.
Thank God.
I got a lot of home depot stock.
Thank God for that.
Yeah.
And in closing, if a blowjob isn't sex, then you must be a virgin.
Okay.
So anyway, what is that story?
Anything, any device that will force a man to have an orgasm is illegal in Alabama?
How about that banjo on your knee?
That's illegal.
Because if you played too hard, you know, in the, in the banjo too, we have an open line
of date.
Five, say, see this, this uptight business with orgasms with sex would like a little, you
know, here on the dress on the, you know, on the lamppost overnight, or the name of that
song that you chewing, does your orgasm lose its flavor on the lamppost overnight?
Who did that?
Wilson Pickett.
I don't know.
Wilson Pickett.
Get out of here.
You and the Wilson Pickett from Bobby Boris Pickett and the month of May.
Does your chewing, Lonnie, Lonnie, Lonegan, the Finnegan, Lonegan?
Oh, this is good.
I got the book.
Hey, if I can come up with that one, boy, that's, does your chewing gum, that was ridiculous.
One of those silly novelty records.
Let's see, does your chewing gum lose Lonegan, all right?
What a freaking genius, huh?
And what, I'm wasting my time doing this.
I know Lonnie Donigan.
I'm wasting my time talking about what you're supposed to do.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello?
Yeah, a mobile, a, a pay phone, not a mobile phone.
I guess that is a pay phone in Boca.
Unbelievable, though.
My, I ran out to my Mercedes, but I ran out of my keys with the user phone in the car
and locked the keys in and ran back to my mobile home.
My wife didn't pay my phone bill.
So I ran down to, well, here I am with a pay phone.
Anyway.
But not a bad pay phone.
Can I get a lot of this?
The guy from Alabama?
Yeah.
True.
I was in Alabama two weeks ago.
There were, all the meat markets throughout up liver.
There was no liver sale window on windows there.
Yeah.
I don't know.
That's what I heard, anyway.
I didn't see it, actually.
Yeah.
Listen, I got a story about the fast food counter.
In Boca today, this morning, give a girl a dollar five for a little Martin breakfast treat
and nickels pennies and a few dimes.
And 15 pennies and rest nickels and dimes took her five minutes.
She counted it three times, but for a full five minutes, I counted out.
And one other thing I don't think anybody's mentioned about fast food restaurants is in
my imagination or is it, I think it's all 30 and super slow.
I mean, you go into these areas and the peel, I mean, this restaurant isn't Boca, but
it was all, how do you say, African?
Well, you know, just the smarts you.
Just the smarts you.
I mean, dirty.
Every time I go into one, it's run by those people, it's disgusting dirty.
And they're always super slow.
The service is, I mean, to barely walk around.
They're getting even when you're sure.
They're getting even.
Okay.
We have an open line day and one in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, we love our, all everybody.
We love everybody.
At least if they got an IQ bigger than their thumb.
But when your dumb rhymes with thumb and we don't dislike you, but don't get a job.
You know, go out and panhandle.
Loose that and I can't stand panhandle.
But do something.
Get an education.
Get a brain.
Get a freaking brain.
Don't listen to these morons in this radio station.
Give me this phony baloney about how you're all going to play an ENBA and the NFL.
And you know, there's only like so many teams.
They've only got 10,000 teams.
That was Reagan's deal.
That's how Reagan was going to, you know, solve the problems in the black community and
black unemployment among all the young blacks.
We're going to have 25 million NBA teams.
Well, guess what?
It didn't work.
It's a lie.
It's a myth.
Get a brain.
Get an education.
Go out there and get a job that means something.
And even if you work at McDonald's, have a little pride what you do.
And maybe you'll become like the assistant manager and end the manager and you'll like
wind up owning one or something.
Get a brain.
I'm not sitting here preaching, but for Christ's sake, just being dumb.
How can people go through it?
And if your parents are dumb and illiterate, say, hey, guess what, mom and dad, you're dumb
and illiterate.
But I'm going to talk like a real person.
I know that comes as a shock to you, but don't ask me no questions.
God, it's just a, it's part of the whole syndrome man in this country.
It's a...
That's the American fucking way.
We're all paying a price for it.
I just can't deal with it.
Especially out in my neck of the woods.
When I go into a goddamn seat, when they build a place that's close to you, they're
expect to have a big clientele because there are a lot of people that live out there
and it's convenient.
That's right.
It's convenient for all the people that live in that hood.
And I live in that hood, so I go to that particular Walgreens, and it's convenient for
me, even though they give me much better service on a modern brow or a bull of art, which
is another mile and a half away.
And they know me in there and they treat me great.
Now, I used to go there for years, but it's convenient.
So when I go there, I expect to go in there and not be treated like a celebrity or like,
oh, it's the Aronge's...
No, just like a customer that spends a lot of money in there.
Is that possible?
No.
Now, how you spell that again?
Give me that one more time.
If you want to say it, give me that one more time, one more time.
I would have punched her in a push.
I'm telling you, I would have jumped right over the counter and punched her in the
push.
Unacceptable, honey.
What was that first name again?
Slimey.
