Sport Radio 560 WTAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 560-560 toll free, pertinent rower.
L560 on your cell phone.
Oh wow!
The opinions of Neil, his guests call his or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
Beasley Read Acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560-QAM.
This is your phone, the voice of the Toronto Maple Aids.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
In the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning,
the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning
When she's not done, I'll bet bet.
We'll be excited to scream like a old male villain.
Hillary's mad about her, my niece.
It's the West Kierdoctor race.
It's the West Kierdoctor race.
It's the West Kierdoctor race.
It's the West Kierdoctor race.
It's the West Kierdoctor race.
It's the West Kierdoctor race.
If we start report, I really can't cope.
I'm the president.
Now the friggin' post is time is now.
And I'm calling police.
I like my boys with chairs and creaks.
The boys on the hill see the Mayan Beach
or if I'm getting sucked by that two-time elite
trying to hire a cry freak at these legit
if she didn't spit they must've been quick.
When my crew is over in time to blow
I'm trying to Hillary like an officer.
No, never stop Hillary.
That's all I know.
She's all get busy with January.
No, it's not a better one for me above.
I might have got struck by the shit that I come.
Scared to death, mother can take us to stand.
Excuse me, General Bum, Afghanistan.
There.
There, I can see my surely is.
There, I can see.
I may be imp通, though that's me
How am I supposed.
Where is my city?
David Adrian.
Peter, tbsp.
FL of glass.
Can I re now?
You know the sun-thens I do,
Lin-sh-sh-sh-sh Giveio that Nathan,
I'm ready to pop or everybody I'm letting my pants
That's not to a 5.50 WQM happy Wednesday to it got I know what it is but since before the holidays
I never know what day of the week it is anymore
Is that ever gonna change no ever gonna like get with it?
Excuse me so anyway. I want to we're right off the bat today apologize to my close personal friend Ken from the limo service
You know we had that very strange call yesterday
And the boy could choose a couple of those cough drops by the way because I need to cough a lot today
Yeah, there's I've made it or something in here, you know what?
Because I felt pretty damn good at home this morning
I feel a lot better than I did yesterday even though my skin is still like on fire and at one side of my neck and
Of course my doctors are busy down there. Papa Papa Papa. So I won't be hearing from him today
I guess plus we took the phone off the thing but at any rate
What is that was it oh there you go?
So yesterday we had a call at about 20 till two some asshole and I do mean asshole. I know what's one it is to it's one of the electronics
Who ought to go back to New York doing doing a voice that this is this is the ultimate we've reached finally the ultimate moment in the history of this show
We now have people calling in person and in other callers
How do you like that? Oh
And this guy heard Ken the limo driver who up took a rumor and his wife and yours truly do a dinner a couple weeks ago to Ruth
He heard that call and right away being very creative and inventive and having no other life whatsoever
He decided he would call and pretend to be him
And I thought it didn't sound like him. I thought either that or he was on acid or something like that
So Ken we apologize for foosely and you're a good guy and I don't have your cards anymore. Sorry about that
God, I think there's something in the ear in here
Was I gagging or choking or coughing before no? I left the house this morning feeling pretty good didn't have this heat in my neck
And flush feeling although I do feel a little bit better today
Yeah, we're gonna talk about doctors and about the veterinarians and by the way, I want to say no to the
A veterinary and over there on university and I want to mention their name on here and thank God the Scotch Ward Scott Laura
Turned me out of a great vet over there in
Should I say where it is?
Huh?
No, seriously my little dog is evidently had because they did blood test and they did the x-rays and I mean this other place
They don't do anything of course. They don't have their own lab there
So even if they did it would take you forever to find out he's got panting
He's had prankly at tightest and I have a feeling he's had it for a long time
I don't want to say who's been feeding him table scraps and the people food ma. I don't want to say that
Because every time we come back from vacation the dog would look like somebody stuck a bicycle pump in his breakfast
Who I'm off you know, and I think boy he's your game a lot of weight in just a few days
But he looks so hungry. Yeah, right. Oh, yeah, I'm telling you
Oh, brother
Oh, yeah, that's right. We're gonna be having here you go. I heard on
Thanks you. I'll be having a Michael Michael Jordan be time at press conference
It starts now and goes till two o'clock
Oh my god. How are we gonna how are we gonna function today no more Michael Michael?
I'm gonna take you something. It's a pretty sorry ass comment on the state of the NBA by the way now that they just finally got to
Embracing themselves with a strike and missing most of their season or a good part of it
I
Mean it was already a full-gone conclusion
He was gonna retire and you have been here people talk about it for weeks and months
But now I mean the idea that all the league is in big trouble
Well, yes, what if one guy can you name me any other sport where fun guy retires the sport is in trouble
Oh, no, it's supposed to be no not yeah like no yeah like that
Not any other is there a hockey player Muriel and you retired was a hockey in trouble because Muriel retired no
Anybody in football Danny Boy or L. Way we tire his football got to be in trouble no
But one player retired not all of a sudden that's because it's a bogus sport and by the way 70% of the American public
This is the latest pull I read just a couple days ago in Newsweek 70% of the American public doesn't give a flying craft about the NBA
And by the way the guy that made the crank call yesterday. He's an Ozone provocateur almost forgot about it
Well, I had the thing cute up there. I was well played you know
So anyway if you want a great vet
It's the central park animal hospital over there in Navhilan, Cleary by the Beverly Hills Cafe
They are great. Thank you doctor West. They're great people over there
They thorough they do the blood work right there. They got their own lab. They do x-rays
They know what they're talking about they take the time to sit down and tell you this and that and about a beep
But a book and the other place which I don't want to mention on here
But I mean, you know here's a couple of pills. Here's some wrong dog food
That's got a lot of fat in it by the way that will really you know make his pack your tentets get worse
When you go into a place and they don't do anything that should be the first indication that there's something wrong
You know because anybody can just make a lot of guesses and give you a bunch of pills and say here you go good luck and
You know that's it and here's the bill anybody can do that
So thanks the Lord for finding it of course now if I could find a doctor. Oh just kidding doctor mark
Just kidding. That's okay. Don't bother returning that call. I know you're busy saving people's lives over there on the beach
See he I have a great doctor, but his his approaches always the same just relax everything will be fine
And that's four hundred dollars. Thank you and everything. I'll be fine. You know that all the blood work everything is fine and you feel like crap
So anybody see Larry King last night. No, that's the thing today, baby Larry King and Larry Flannie
You know something as much as I hate to say it, but I do always tell it like it is
Larry King last night did a hell of a job. I've been doing this a long time. I'm serious
He really it was a damn good show. I know how to do a talk show a whole show last night was
entertaining who's outstanding and especially the part well the beginning part where Bob Barma did a total jackass out of himself
But it beat that a loop that about yeah right and his mustache getting darker and darker and his hair started drooping down over one side of his forehead
And that little swastika and pop it up and by the way Barney Fag was on MSNBC
Which I find channel surfing last night after watching the maple leaves come back and be tap a bay
Oh, the three
There was Barney Fag on MSNBC and he was as usual great. He was lisping a lot, but he was great
And he pointed out was that him that pointed out it was it's one of the other guests on Larry King about the oh no was Alan Duchewitz
Alan Duchewitz who's also great by the way as long as he's not doing that OJ stuff Alan Duchewitz is great
We lost a lot of respect for him with that OJ, but he's a whore. He's a lawyer like all the others. Oh, why not you know, don't take the money. Thank you
But he was talking about the Bob bars background and about you know speaking in front of the white separatist group
But said when so on and then lying about that and denying that he knew anything about them
And he lied that he was there at all then they had the pictures of him speaking there and oh, yeah
Well, I was there, but I didn't know about the you know those hoods didn't mean anything to me
I thought they were just kind of a little slow and over and done scaps is what it was you know that kind of stuff
So anyway, but the best part of that show last night was when Larry Flint said at the end of the his comments
He said I have and it's such a shame you know
He's drooling because you know when you get the
Shot like that you have a habit and you're sitting in the wheelchair and not being able to speak to well sometime
But when he talked about the fact that he's got eight more
Right wing conservative Republicans in there ready. They're all being investigated right now
It's like you know like we're doing with Iraq drop it into the bomb over here. Here's another one for you
There you go
Now we're gonna drop the other two are beautiful
Payback is a bitch isn't it isn't the sweet. This is just so beautiful, man
It's just enough to make you a Kvelle
It's enough to just bring great pleasure. Maybe that's why my skin is all flush because I'm getting such pleasure from watching all these right-wing
hypocrites go down one at a time
But that's not perjury that you're right. That's not perjury
Okay, and of course the fact that he refused to answer the question meant number one that he was having in affair with some of the
One of his married and number two of course
We all know that he he not only paid for the abortion
He drove into the place and said it went so on this great right to life by an abortion guy
Who's a liar and a phony and a piece of crap and a bigot of the worst kind
But he hasn't got resigned because he's too busy, you know
Trying to nail bubble to the cross which he was doing long before the Monica business by the way him time delay long before there was any
Monica they were like screaming impeachment so they got a lot of credibility of those guys and can you imagine the can you imagine the toilet bowl
In the nation's capital this morning. Wow talk about the green apple quick stuff people getting just a little
Service up there after Larry Flint dropped that bomb light eight more on the list, baby
Always like that Trent lot. It's a 10 minutes after 10 to 560 WQ women
And I just wanted to know what advice do you have for
Young people coming up into the field like I a lot of
For professors are telling us how hard it is to get into the field effort
They're just like no, because you're in the field. You have any advice on that
President experiences that important
Sure
That is that probably the most important
Well, it's way up there. It's way up there. Anything anything else? Anything you get first you're under fire
Mm-hmm done this before
I don't want it to be his first surgery
Okay
Well, I don't stuff well
Is the things that have conference in the young Andy
Okay
I'm talking about journalism field
I'm lost what do you mean? The journalism like I'm a student journalism at a college and I'm just wondering
The most important
Attabect is getting into Carol's not the medical field
I think you're exhausted
30 nights. I am exhausted from 30 nights
No, no person even those of us who are superhuman
Those of us with
Herculean appetites for the diverse and bizarre even those of us who have shown an aptitude to
To fight the good fight and stay the good long battle even those of us can get tired
And your boy is tired after 30 consecutive nights have a half hour ago and I'm gonna do that half hour because I'm pro
That's what pros do now. I'm a pro-fessional. Look it up in the book
That's what we do with pros. We never rode we don't come out
You know
House of the moon the desert that we're parked we don't tell you that maybe the texting comes through this month and weather
How does it go anyway if you're a guy who's left 15
You
So what do you do? What is the answer? Yeah, you're a little preserved not
Kind of worried about the club
The club I don't know where the club worried about maybe Jackie my wife now
Okay, just
Life is a breeze
Close some breezes as you know are 110 miles an hour and get
To the hurricane that you're saying test that long
We got speaking to pass it along. We're gonna pass long now to the newsroom the mutual newsroom
I adopt the overlooking downtown beautiful downtown
In the Washington
The mutual newsroom would get us up to date on but there's headlines and we'll come back with you tomorrow
I'm recording I've asked the loop to my man big zebra
I've taken him to one of his favorite places
In mind to
I don't understand New York. This is the Larry King show in Washington and we'll be right back
Yeah
I wonder if you're trying to send me
Want me to just get on us. Okay, 1017 to 560 WQM the market is in it
You don't want to hear about that stock markets taking a gigantic dive
I say about four or five hundred points a more today, but don't worry about that
They have a little nervous breakdown over Brazil. There's too many drag queens down here
Here's the facts by the way
Must not have watched the beginning of the show very bad facts. You're missing it
Since Larry King was a big last night no Larry flinch at the months of talking boneheads
P.S. Larry looks as dead as Don I miss that part is true
But the other part is wrong they had the Bob bar in the beginning and then they had Larry flint on it
They can only keep him propped up for a few minutes at a time for Christ's
We obviously missed the first 20 minutes of the show and then you saw the talking boneheads the last 40 minutes
Which we see those same talking boneheads all the time, but I do like Alan Boucherwoods
So evidently you know and again we talked about it a great length yesterday
There he's gonna be there gonna be there not a clock tonight Larry flit
I didn't even know at that point Bob bar was also gonna be on making a jackass out of himself liar liar pants on fire
See when they do it when the right wingers do it when they get caught with their pantaloons down and screw it around
Wow, but we didn't saw as in perjury it wasn't under otheo. Okay, that makes it kosher
And of course when you took those marriage vows that also wasn't under oath and when you also swore that the divorce proceedings in court
That you know you didn't do this and didn't do that that also wasn't alive
Here's an interesting invite about I know a lot of people get very
Surely when we talk religion on his show, which is why some people out there hate George like poison
When he does the show like he'll be doing Monday Martin Luther King's birthday
You're not gonna be talking about religion on Monday, all right. No, we'll be talking about black people about black people
All right, well, thank God. I never talk about that George is gonna be talking about sparkes on Monday
Well, because it's Martin Luther King's birthday. Well, that's for your after pro excellent with choice
Then maybe we can do that. What's the what's the Chinese thing the year of the eating the cat something like that
We can talk about groups on that thing
Anyway, here's a I don't see I don't really care whether they get bent out of shape because I over here
They've stopped calling and telling me that
So I'm assuming that a either they're growing up and they're stopping getting so sensitive about religion or b
They just turn it off and turn back hoping I'm talking about something else or see they all
Kill themselves all the religious nuts
One of the about they join one of those crazy cults and they blew themselves away before the year 2000
They created their own why-to-k problem. I just because I don't really don't care
Because thank God for me coming on here and talking about this crap
Just like that right at the end of the show yesterday that asshole
Why are you always picking on God and you're gonna be on that lake of fire and uh, blah blah blah blah blah blah yeah
Sounded like a melke he said he was Catholic
He sounded more like one of the another one of those melke intent me or Jews that came down here and is bitter because the early bird keeps going up
But here's a fact that I thought was kind of interesting this morning knowing that you're a tremendous interlegged
Oh, by the way, we have a pair of tickets right by the glass for it tonight's Leafs and Panthers game with a preferred parking pass
Thanks to Greg Reed who brought them down
I could sit right there in the front row by the glass
But I prefer to sit in my own seat so I can see the game although at least when even though you can't see the game when you're by the glass
Nobody stands in front of you
Except the people out there on the ice that's true, but I will give these away
to somebody
Anyway, the fact is knowing that you're a tremendous intellect. I want to recommend the book
You might have already read it as it's been out for many years
I wouldn't recommend discussing on your show as I can tell by the majority of your collars your audience isn't very swift
How could you tell that Craig?
The book is called the Passover plot
We all heard of that book right?
Have you read it? Now I have an either and the author is Hugh J. Schonfeld
I thought he was the a coater the uh Phoenix, coyotes
Basically the book looks like at the life and times of Jesus in a very historical manner
Schonfeld describes the messianic fervor that swept the Jewish nation
Starting sometime around 100 BC
How it would have affected Jesus' upbringing the book postulates that Jesus planned his whole ministry
With this extensive knowledge of Old Testament prophecy
He was able to mimic events that a highly devoted people who were already swept in messianic zeal
Interpreted as the coming of the Messiah
The Passover plot even theorizes that Jesus planned to fake his death on the cross by having a drug that would stimulate death
Symptoms administered Ramanas Spongebob
Remember the vinegary Spongebob that was given to him when he said he thirsted
I guess it went all wrong when the soldier put his sword in his side oops didn't plan that it says
Best of all the Passover plot certifies what you've been yelling about forever
The Bible is a bunch of fables the books of the New Testament were written approximately 90 years after Jesus death
Written records of Jesus times for destroyed when Rome siege and Berger Russel in the background around 50 AD
I went as his reports were virtually non-existent since most people alive during Jesus times were dead by 90 AD
Also keep in mind that older folks versions of Jesus life were very unreliable because the aging process was very much harder on people in those days
What we call Alzheimer's today was very rampant in those ages
So if you haven't devoured this great book, I hope you can find it and read it so I'm Craig okay the Passover plot
Somebody will give me a copy of that or maybe I'll even go out and buy it
Maybe I'll really you know
Fork over a couple of bucks and buy it by the way gym managed it to the day till 4 30 and then bow camper 4 30 little six
We're hanky did we have any idea where hank is today? No, or whatever by the way
And I'm sorry that hanks not gonna be on all I'm sure he's probably in time. Maybe he's listening
I wanted to thank him and the other people and not just on this station
But all the stations in this market for turning me back to my music oh god. That's seriously. I'm a happy camper
I don't want to hear no press conferences. I don't want to hear hours on end about Michael Jordan
And the world is coming to end Michael Michael motorcycle. I don't want to hear that
And like I said, it's for everybody else. That's great more power to all these guys. It's just not for me
I mean, is there something written while required that I have to listen to radio because I work in it? No, of course not
So I'm listening to my music and I am loving it baby. I am um
I'm successful
Well, and by the way, I hate to break the news to you all those assholes and since Marvin Gaye is dead
Don't we have a see it would be tough to name it you want to call it a game museum
Huh? Well, we got Graceland for Elvis. What could we have? I mean, that's our poor question today
Who is the better who is the greater singer? Okay? I'm not talking about who is more popular?
Who is the better entertainer who had better outfits? Who is the greater performer? Elvis Presley or Marvin Gaye? Is there any contest? No
Huh? Not even in the same league
And yet some of you assholes out there men in particular. Oh, we're going up to Graceland
Yeah, my wife and I'm a honey and I'm a boyfriend and I we're going up to Graceland to see the king
I mean that that's not even debatable. I mean, I could come up with plenty of other names as far as better
You know musicians and better singers and whatever but the Marvin Gaye because I'm you know just happen to have to have this CD around in my pile in my stash
And Marvin Gaye and Tammy to run you put those two of them together boy. You got two dead people's what you got
I mean unbelievable
So how come we can't have the goddamn J museum, huh anybody going there? No
Hey Neil, we're going out to the gay museum to see uh, yeah, what's that whatever's left over of?
Well, I guess probably not too much. At least Elvis don't have a bullet in the name
And one other thing too at least we know it really would be Marvin. Okay, we wouldn't have all these people
You know as you really dead as you live. I think we're pretty sure
Marvin ain't gonna be making no comeback great editorial in the hero no less today. Wow
How do you like that great editorial which should show all of you were calcetern people out there that are just
Adam and don't want to face the truth. I'll you Bubba haters out there bubble my seat of believers
Star chamber of horror this could be one of the best editorials in the hero in the last 500 years
It says a wrongful indictment prosecutors relentless pursuit of minor figure cast doubt on judgment
And this this editorial gives you a good idea what this asshole is all about Ken star
He's an asshole while the national spotlight illuminates the impeachment drama another legal skirmish of potentially outrageous
import for ordinary citizens unfolds in relative obscurity
Kenneth star the independent council last week brought a four count indictment against julie high-end steel
A minor figure in the national sex tail sweep stakes and a former close friend a presidential accuser Kathleen Willie
Mr
Star believes that misty alive when she changed her story that initially supported Ms. Willis account
Of being groped by the president although Ms. Willie's story appears badly is flawed
Which is why it was omitted from the voluminous star report
Miss mr. star has continued his myopic and wrongful pursuit of misty
Apparently mistyles retraction doesn't fit mr. star's view of the president as a horing reprobate
So the independent council has gone full throttle after this single working mother
He seems held bad either to break or destroy miss steel and to intimidate her family and friends
Thus mr. star is taken voluminous grand jury testimony from miss deels daughter her brother
Her accountant and even her ex-lawyer
He has interrogated miss steels neighbors and friends from afar as well from as far away as caloretto
He subpoenaed her bank records in credit history
He spuriously has challenged the legitimacy of her adoption of a son eight years ago from Romania
Most frightful about all this is that could happen to anyone any citizen who happens to incur the wrath of a vengeful
independent council who ignore civility
Pramples the rules of legal engagement and is unmindful that government's awesome power must be wielded with judgment and great care
Clearly mr. star runs a muck
He must be called to account for his actions by the federal judicial panel whence comes his authority
All right, let's hear it for the herald. They must have been drinking the good stuff or smoking a good stuff that day when he wrote that
Just absolutely unbelievable the brow beating of course
You notice how they glossed over the fact that they kept her kind of like not locked up
And they kept her a monica and therefore hours and hours on end panicking all the southern craft with all kinds of threads subtle and not so subtle
Oh, yeah, you don't need lor just uh just open up monica. Oh, I already did that and got me in a big mess here
1027 at 560 WK
and
an amusement
o
Cheese
No, that's not the power dance.
I think you're going to say, I need to hear what's going on right here.
You know how it's going?
Is he yelling?
Yes.
Okay.
Does he have anything drinking?
It's not whether you win or lose.
It's out from the game.
That's $32.5.50.
WQM Happy Wednesday from all your Paisons to your QAM.
So anyway, this is a horrendous story.
And you have to be, you are a little bit skeptical and so is I.
Because you know, we get people like the fake limo driver who called up and
impersonating Ken the limo driver who is a great guy and a super does a great job.
Yeah, it didn't sound like him, but I thought maybe did a little bad asser or something like
that.
Or maybe rumor-given of bad cup of tea.
But anyway, manage or kill the meat mixer.
This is a grotesque story.
But you know, the interesting part of this is, one moment please.
If you look in the, if you look in the two in the sunset on the
hero, if you're one of those people as a big spender like me and gets both papers,
because you figure if you read both papers, there might be something in between the
two of them and there usually is not.
But the stories are like totally different.
And the story in the sunset, well, if I could find a god damn thing, which I can't even
find it now, maybe it's another one of the, it's in some sections.
It like says that the paddle that his sleeve got caught in the machine and the paddle
hit him in the back of the head and that's what killed him.
But the story in the herald, which is a huge, I mean, gigantic with pictures in the
whole deal and a big picture of the pen does, which pen does, it does make good
neat, by the way, they're good people over there.
But anyway, it's a little more grotesque and it says, it says he caught his sleeve in
the large mixer and that, where was the thing where it talks about it?
I probably shouldn't go into it on the air because it makes it sound a lot more grotesque.
It says he screamed for a coworker next to me for his head and upper torso were dragged
into the three foot wide mouth of the machine.
Wow.
Huh?
So on the one hand, the stunt center, I guess wanting to spoon feed us with something a
little bit more palatable because people at the breakfast table don't want to read about
some poor guy getting sucked into that meat shopping machine and getting, oh man.
So like I said, I'm sorry that I brought it up.
Horrible story, grotesque thing.
And again, then of course there's going to be an action taken because they didn't have
the protective thing on there so that to make sure that didn't happen.
So there might be just a little bit of problem over there, but nevertheless, horrendous
story.
Grotesque.
And I'm not going to know bad jokes about watching meat stuff like that, but that is a good
idea.
That's what Bubba says.
Watch your meat.
And then the other day when we were talking about the, what do they call it, PRIK, the
thing that you do with your eyes?
Huh?
What do they call it?
Something like that.
The laser surgery.
I think it's called PRIK, where they just prick little hole in the, well anyway, new implant,
no seriously, thank God I didn't jump into that real fast.
It's in spider-joke, was only because I watched the news last night and then the thing
was in the paper again this morning and even on CNN.
So it must be true.
Oh!
If it's on there.
And before I go into that last night, first five minutes on the CBS Evening News, this
should show you people out there.
You people, how the news is managed in America?
The first five minutes on the CBS Evening News would then rather last night.
The first five minutes were all about Michael Jordan is retiring and how much money he brings
in and he's worth $10 billion in.
And of course that was before we saw the auction in the Mark McWare baseball for over $3
million.
$2.7 million plus $300,000 for the auctioneer people.
$3 million and some out thousand.
And was there any discussion of the Larry Flint Bob Bar situation on the CBS Evening News
which I watched the entire half hour last night?
Was there one word?
No.
No.
No.
Isn't that interesting?
And I love the way a lot of these shows that when they are bringing it up, they have
to make sure that they point out it's Larry Flint, the pornographer.
As if there's something evil, as if we're living in the Stone Age again.
I mean, how about my good friend, Al Goldstein, the pornographer?
Okay, not a good guy, not a big fat old Jew, but the pornographer.
You know, that bad, you're looking for the Lori Holt.
That guy.
Which of course immediately discredits him because he publishes his hustler magazine, which
I'm sure most of them probably are reading every day anyway.
Larry Flint, the pornographer.
But how do you like that?
This story, we can't, I mean, talk about stripping away the hypocrisy of these rabid, right-wing
lunatics, which is exactly what Larry Flint is doing.
And because of the fact that, wow, you know, it's tabloid journalism.
In fact, they were having a big group of group on CNN.
One of those shows yesterday where they're like, you know, attacking each other basically.
Well, you know, is this real journalism?
Is it fandom journalism?
Is it, you know, tabloid?
Is Larry Flint a real journalist?
Is it incredible, et cetera, and so on?
And it got all the documents, by the way, from the divorce proceedings, from the courts
in Georgia.
They got all the stuff right there, and it's not like he's just making his stuff up.
They got barbed by the bear ones is what they got.
But not one word of that on CBS Evening News last night because Michael, Michael motorcycle,
we got, you know, here's some big bald-headed guy who's, you know, greatest basketball player
whoever lived.
I'll go along with that.
Do I care?
No.
No.
Like, this is a major story.
And you wonder why they murdered the priorities of the American public are so screwed up that
you turned on half hour later, 20 minutes later, and CNN cut the way to the auction of Mark
McGuire's 70th Home Run to Baseball that almost over $3 million somebody's paying for it.
Thank God we got our ducks in a row in his country, baby.
Oh, yeah.
So, anyway, speaking of the eyes thing, new implants, your dream can correct nearest
sightedness for many, and it's reversible, and now they got something even newer and
better than that prick thing, whatever that thing is.
Tiny transparent rings implanted out of the cornea might help correct mild to moderate
nearest sightedness that place 20 million Americans offering an alternative to popular,
but irreversible laser surgery and costing about the same about $2,200 an eye.
$2,200 a box of...
The key to Carol Visions' intact implants if the patient doesn't like the result or suffer
the side effects such as glare, doctors can remove the ring with a good chance of returning
the patient's eye to what's conditioned before the surgery.
People who know about the ring can't be talked into having laser surgery, so Dr. David
Chancelin of the University of California.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Chancelin, I hate to break the news about good friend, Jeff
Rimmer.
There's no such player as Jeff Chance in the NHL Chance.
Okay, remember Bobby Chance?
It wasn't Bobby Chance, it was Bobby Chance.
There's no Jeff Chance, okay?
Jeff Chance, I just mentioned that, Rimmer.
Anyway, it's the idea that if this doesn't work, you can take it out.
So in other words, what's there to lose except maybe your vision, you know?
Oops, I still, I don't know.
And the idea that they're actually sticking something in there.
Don't you get a little bit queasy and they're sticking these things?
They're prickling and sticking is what they're doing.
Not for me.
No, I'll, you know, what difference is it's going to make for me at this stage of my life?
You know, I can go see my buddy Charles Alfieri, get a nice big full head of hair, I can get
these things, you know, stuck in my eye and have perfect vision.
And I'd still be an old middle aged fat to ugly, do you know?
So what they're going to do to make?
I'm perfectly satisfied with that.
I'm doing okay.
If I ever get this damn heat out of my neck and my, you know, skin, but of course my doctor,
he says, eh, but I'm, but I'm, but I don't worry about it.
He's a great guy.
Don't get me wrong.
I love my doctor.
But, you know, every time it's the same thing, you know, here's the bill and there's
nothing wrong with you.
Go have a good time.
And George, of course, is sitting in there smoking because he thinks I ought to go find
another doctor closer to my house by the way.
And just get a second opinion, a third opinion, the fourth, like with my dog.
You know, you know, this, you know, this is how we take better care of our animals than
we do of ourselves.
Didn't like what was happening with my dog.
So I went and found a new vet.
But with myself, I'm sitting here with hot skin on my end with a red neck, if you pardon
that expression.
I always knew that Rogers was a red neck.
I mean, even George contested by him sitting here with like a purple neck just in what
just like up thing here.
Hot skin, no fever, no temperature.
And just goes on day after day.
Although each day I do feel a little bit better, maybe in about six years of my co-away.
You think so?
Uh-huh.
And then the reporter will say to me, eh, I told you, what are you worried about?
That's right.
I told you it was going to go away.
Nice, Dr. Mark.
Oh, he's a comedian.
Twenty-four, eleven, and five, sixty, QA.
You go to hell, new dad.
Coming soon from one star picture.
Combining the highest growth in total ever, Titanic.
And one of America's greatest stories, Movedick.
Tommy Lee, Starz, and Titanic Dick.
Have I ever seen a white whale?
No.
But I just saw this guy out on a boat with his girlfriend.
You should have seen that side of his straw.
Text me to him.
As the boat thinks, Captain A.
Have tries desperately to videotape Titanic Dick in action.
Movedick, close-up.
My zoom lens only goes for a while.
Why don't you just walk up to the front of the boat?
You peg like bastard.
Titanic Dick.
Under the protection of the First Amendment, I videotape a thing.
You sure this is legal?
Playing now in VCRs across America.
1545 and 560 W.
You can't pot it up for about two seconds.
So obviously...
Okay, that's enough.
Bob was talking about the world economy and about this.
It's not a press conference, but he's got a whole bunch of these, including that Helen Thomas,
that old fossil sitting around it.
It's very informal.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Don't get panicky, okay?
Nothing too exciting happening except the market is going in the crapper today.
Hey, listen, what goes up must come down, what goes down must go up.
And yada yada, it's all a bunch of bull crap.
So anyway, the Michael Jordan press conference to it.
I wonder what he's going to be announcing today.
Anybody got any idea?
Noon today.
Will we be carrying the Michael Jordan press conference on this show?
And I hope Barry Jackass is listening right now.
Will we be carrying, will we interrupting the important neo-Rogger show
to hear Michael Jordan's press conference at noon?
No.
Are you sure?
No.
Are we going to carry it?
No.
Of course not.
All these very, very important, I mean when Kathy Lee and Frank Givertang
enough then we'll carry that.
Because I already know that they're very important people.
And Michael Jordan, I don't care if he generates $50 trillion to the award economy.
He's a basketball player.
There is absolutely nothing that he's going to say that's of any interest to me
and hopefully to most of you.
I'm sure there are some of you out there like Barry Jackass.
Oh no, what do we got to have to turn on somewhere else?
Great, have a good time.
Turn on the TV.
They'll be covering it with a blanket.
They've been all over this Michael Jackson thing like on the crap, okay?
Or did I do that fact like I think I did it backwards.
By the way, speaking of crap, let me tell you a little bit about our good diet.
I mentioned this yesterday, we were right on top of this story about Peter War Real.
And of course the Tide homies injured anyway.
It's very unlikely he's got a bum knee.
I don't think he's going to be playing for the least tonight.
And a lot of you were waiting to come to the game tonight to watch Peter War Real get into it with Tide homie.
So Chris King maybe you're both.
Probably Chris King would be better because at least he comes up to Peter War Real's armpits.
But Peter War Real will not be playing for the Panthers tonight because as I told you yesterday,
the coach will not tolerate showing up late for practice.
Now wait until you hear this, the practice yesterday was 11 o'clock.
He showed up at 5 to 11.
Are you following that?
Five minutes to 11, five minutes early, right?
Wrong.
Wrong.
Got to be there 45 minutes before practice.
That's Terry Murray's rule.
That's right. He's saying you're supposed to be your 45 minutes before practice starts.
That's the policy.
Player comes in five minutes before practice.
Is it impossible you're ready to get on the ice?
First of all, physically.
It's absolutely impossible you get ready mentally for the practice.
Well, do you think Peter Wells ever going to get ready mentally?
No.
For the practice or anything else?
No.
That has to do with really playing hockey?
No.
So what are we talking about here?
But again, Terry Murray being a real puss and operating the hockey team like a kindergarten school teacher.
Well, I'm going to show you.
He's alienated just about everybody on the team.
It's a miracle they've got this many points.
They have no idea how they've done it.
You can thank a lot of the guys out there that work harder.
Be like Mel and me and some of those guys, Lindsay and Whitney.
Because this guy is a big brother.
Although, of course, his brother is playing games with us now and telling us,
oh, we're not going to get Pavel Brewery even though Neil Smith in New York is saying,
yeah, it looks like the Brewery thing.
By the way, I hear that's going to be announced today, by the way.
Wherever Pavel Brewery is going to be traded to.
And Neil Smith says, oh, yeah, it's going to be the other Panthers are going to get him as well.
I hear Brian Murray says, well, he's just playing games.
He, Brian Murray doesn't want to say it because he's gotten burned so many times already in the last few months
with Felix Potman and with whoever else we were trying to get.
Every one of these other deals that the bottom line is, he's just keeping his mouth shut.
Maybe it will be Pavel Brewery coming to Florida.
Oh, God.
Wouldn't that be great?
I'm not holding my breath, but if it happens, we will take it that.
That's important stuff, unlike Michael Jordan retiring from the guy in NBA.
Well, how are we going to give away these damn tickets?
If these are leaf tickets, they're right in the front row.
There's section 133, row one, seats nine and ten, right up against the glass.
And the preferred yellow parking pass.
They can actually get in and out there in no time at all.
How are we going to give those away unless I take any calls?
Well, I don't know. I got a lot of stuff to do here today.
What are you smoking about?
It's great.
You know, if I didn't have the flush, I'd feel great.
I'm feeling a lot better than I did.
But I'm hot.
You know what I'm saying?
I head my neck. They're hot.
And how come nobody calls me about this?
Every other ailment I've ever had.
Everybody in their brothers always calling and kicking soup and do this and do that.
And by the way, I want to take back even though I got some literature this morning.
There's always, and again, Steve, whatever your name is, you're a good guy.
I'm sure.
Sounds like a Jewish guy to me, he obviously is.
At the this pharmacy and medical supply, I won't see which one.
But he sends me all this literature on Grapecy, that's Dr. Acton, the co-Q10,
which I told you I've been taken for a couple of weeks.
And could it be a coincidence?
Because I didn't take it yesterday.
And that's what my doctor told me.
Don't take it and see what happens.
And I still got this flush and redness, but if you're a lot better under the yesterday.
So is it possible I could have had a adverse reaction to that?
Could that possibly be?
I don't know.
So that book I told you by Dr. Balch who recommends taking all of it.
See, that's become very affashionable.
You do understand that.
There's people taking all these horrible things right now.
And some of that stuff is pretty important.
Not only does what the hell it does.
It's not like taking like a vitamin capsule.
I mean, that stuff, you're looking to capsule.
And you can see there's some real heavy duty stuff in there.
So Dr. Balch's book, if you already bought it just to toss in the old crapper, okay?
Sorry, I apologize.
And if you haven't bought it, forget it.
No, seriously, I mean, you just started indiscriminately taking a lot of this stuff.
And all these companies now make and all these herbal remedies,
St. John's Ward.
I mean, first of all, who would take something called Ward to begin with, huh?
Are you taking St. John's Ward?
Oh, yeah.
They're popping up all over my body, man.
I got words that I don't even know who they belong to.
Maybe one belong to St. John, but I don't know about these other ones.
And all the end, and what's the other one?
Something saw.
What is it?
Hacksaw.
Not hacks.
You know what I'm talking about?
You haven't seen that, but you're not into this stuff.
That's why you look so pasty.
Chick saw, hacksaw, something saw.
I saw some interesting things.
But anyway, that's what Larry Flinson.
So stop taking all this herbal crap, okay?
Because maybe they'll kill us.
Maybe it's killing me.
We'll find somebody that will give me some answers.
If my doctor won't respond to my call this morning,
which I'm really ticked off about, is he believe that?
No.
If he won't respond, well, you know, he's busy.
He's busy saving lives down there and making money.
And being an important guy.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Want to answer your poll question?
Which one was that?
I have so many.
Marvin Gaye and Elvis?
Yeah.
Elvis?
Yeah, okay. Thank you.
Look at that.
Look at all the time he waited down there.
Another one of our chronic assholes.
Boring.
Not a...
See, that's not a question.
That's just a comment.
That was a rhetorical question.
It's not even a contest.
Elvis, personally, a better singer than Marvin Gaye.
Is this man crazy?
Is he taking leave of his senses from the manual?
Oh, he's got the film on his whole world around him.
How do you mind, sir?
And don't get me wrong.
I loved Elvis.
I have all his music.
I had some records that I liked a lot.
I had all his songs when I was a kid.
But, I mean, okay, let's get serious.
Better a singer than Marvin Gaye?
Oh, man.
You are dreaming.
He just don't like the guy because his last name is Gaye.
If his name was Marvin Strait, he was...
Oh, that Marvin Strait.
He was the best.
Yeah, that's why he's all uptight because he's in the closet.
Couldn't hear the skeletons rattling in the back.
All those people up there in Palm Beach County, you know?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if I can help you, but with your pet, if you're ever...
I don't have a problem with my pet.
My pet is great now.
Thanks to Dr. West over there.
Nice going, Dr. West.
You're the best.
Well, you're the best.
If you ever have problems with that animal hospital, the best one up there will probably be Hollywood Animal Hospital.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have an open line.
I'm not worried about my pet.
I'm worried about me and my goddamn thing here, my heat.
Feel the heat.
I'm feeling it.
Not in the right place, either.
56670560 and 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time on time.
All right.
Marvin Gaye forever.
He has smoother voice.
Oh.
You know, wider voice.
I mean, he really had soul, man.
I mean, he just unbelievable.
He...
He...
He...
He was just so cool.
Yeah.
In a time of Jordan.
Yeah.
If he had not been allowed to travel, travel, and everything else, the rest...
Yeah.
Let him get away with.
And doesn't it amaze you that they're adults?
They're actually on this radio station.
We have adults who really believe that he played minor league baseball for you in a half
because he just felt like it.
There was nothing really there behind those gambling stories and all that other shady business
with daddy getting killed.
That he just decided to play minor league baseball in Sarasota.
He played minor league baseball because the NBA forced him out right here.
And then there's a little deal.
That's what I keep hearing from very responsible sources and the people on this radio station denied that.
Because he's an icon, though, to understand.
And there are too many billions of dollars of business at stake.
So, actually, you're not supposed to say that.
But he's never...
Just like the pros and cons book.
That's all made up because we have to worship these people because of the sports station.
He will never be as good a basketball player as Larry Bird.
No, okay.
Have a great day, Paul.
No, no, you're really getting carried away.
Too much bad jungle juice for this guy.
Too many more in gay records.
We have an open line in date.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I wonder what we've been doing with your pet cherubles.
No, why did I go in my pet cherubles?
I've been sticking him in your pet.
You enjoying it, sir?
You liking it?
Oh, good.
Have a good time.
Notice that this guy had an Argyles sock over the phone, which is pretty interesting, pretty unique.
Argyles socks went out with knickers, okay?
With Pat Boone and his blue-sweighed shoes just as Carl Perkin.
They went out to 40 years ago, pal.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, ma'am.
Carl Perkin's dead, you know.
I do know that, yes.
This recently died.
And so was all this pressling.
Yes.
And Mark and Jay and Tammy Torell.
How did Tammy Torell die?
I don't know.
Oh, okay.
It was, no, it isn't Murray Wells dead, too.
Yes.
Now, one of them died a cancer, or maybe both.
I don't know.
But somebody yesterday said Kim Weston is still alive, so thank God for that.
Speaking of a gay museum, I, in homage to you, I sat for two hours and watched the rerun
of the AME special on Tony Perkin.
Oh, did you?
You're the one.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
It was like 45 minutes of material rehashed and reformed and cut up.
Yeah, completely.
But the only, they only mentioned three gay people.
One of them, of course, one of them did not have a name.
One of them was just a well-known gay person who they showed and still photographed with a
Facebooked out.
They didn't mention Tab Hunter?
They did mention Tab Hunter, but only at the end of the program in the context that he was
one in one of the first movies that Perkins was in.
But they did not mention him as a contact, I guess, because he still alive and he's
sootered.
Right.
And it did very much in the closet and in deep denial.
Yeah, it's kind of sad that Perkins had to go to that therapist who considered homosexuality
a disease you could be true from.
I guess things are hopefully things have changed.
I don't know.
Not for Tony, I guess.
Not for Tony.
You were talking about the panthers going on the ice and hoping that Peter War L would
get into a fight or the fans hoping that he would get into a fight.
You could see better fights in the ECHL than you do in the NHL, I think.
Oh, especially with Peter War L.
I've never seen him in a good fight.
No, did he fight?
He does his grab guy.
He grabs guys that come up to his waist and they dance around like a couple of panda bears.
And that's basically it.
Was he in the minor?
Peter War L?
Yeah.
Sure.
Which...
Well, I have no idea.
I don't know where he came from.
Well, I know they see...
We see better fights in the junior madadors than in versus anybody else.
We just have two.
We got two dislocated shoulders and a bruised face this Saturday.
Uh-huh.
You know, it's pretty good.
And they're playing in the arena this Sunday.
So that's going to be cool for me.
I just see my kids play on film or NHL ice.
Excellent.
May I ask you for the tickets?
Sure.
Hold on.
Thank you.
Okay.
A lady on five gets the ticket to the parking pass.
That'll clear out all these other lines.
Well, she was very nice.
You should know something about the game.
1057 at 560.
QM of each other.
This is the Neil Roger show.
Just as your brain.
Any question?
No, it's no sister.
No, it's no sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
No sister.
Violence was less than an arbitrary reason.
No sister.
She's a neighbor.
Qi dau Patel.
Must be curved the house
Cook English little sister has never had a Mr. Ritchie
Never met a trouser mouse
Noodle sisterism
Noodle sisterism
Gingrich sister doesn't just do many guys
Conservatives don't like her kind of bull
I'm actually a lesbian
Oh right
And there's Gingrich sister she's proud she's a gay lesbian
Oh let's go
But the time my daughter ever dated one
Oh wait a minute she heard that Michael Jackson fella
And actually what I'm like about it maybe
A lesbian would be so bad
Can I smoke a match with Elvis or Marvin Gaye
That's her poor question
The nice facts from Anita and my Annie by the way
Who loves the show and loves me
And thank you Anita
God there actually are some nice people out there
How do you like that?
She says you'd be amazed at how many perversive diverse people out there
And all kinds of walks of life listen to your show everyday
That wouldn't be amazed I mean it's just that most of them have a life
And even though they may be listening
They don't have time to pick up the phone and call
Like my doctor Dr. Mark
Well I was out of the office for a couple of minutes wandering around my community
My sister moved it down from Italy last night
I have to 20 years some introduce her to people
She moved here from Italy?
Yes
Why did she want me to do that?
And has a PhD in languages and was teaching English at a state supported school
She was teaching the teachers but the economy in that part of the country has shifted somewhat
And she found herself in an...
What part of the country were in South America?
Yeah the Adriatic coast
Oh yeah not the Naples and Soler
And all the rest of those places where everybody else knows about
The other side, the Puyes they side
Puyes
There are very few Italians here from that part of the country
Right
Well that's great we could use a few more Italians here
Yeah she speaks French
She's got a kick out of every...
She's reading the Wanda and it says bilingual
She goes I speak three languages but none of them are some of them
Not the right one
Not the right one here
So anyway I called you this morning of course
You know that you know it's how he calls me back on the year not off the year
Because quite frankly Dr. Mark is a frustrated performer who had a radio show for about five minutes
And after you all back in the old days
And really would like to have a radio show
Not anymore
Yes you would
I mean I don't mind engaging in repert key on the air
Oh boy what a handbone baby
Mr. Handbone
I'm going to write a book my doctor the handbone
So anyway I stopped taking the grapes or a seed
Let's do a little medical thing right here
Okay they're taking notes
The grapes seed extract and the coqueous tenias today
And much of the nightmares this morning I got up and fell a lot better
Although my neck is still red
And it's coming to work
You want to go to work now my face is flushed again
This morning it wasn't
But now when I start doing a little bit of activity and start talking
Etc.
My face is flushed
Other than that I feel I held up a lot better today
And I still got that hot skin
Well a long place
When you called yesterday morning I was in with a patient and the girls were two
So I picked up the phone myself and had the pleasure of your acquaintance on the phone
Anyway you know the problem with the herbs
What I call herbs and spices is that they may work for given individuals
But they're very very difficult to prove
You know at the level of proof that's really required
You know shall we say medical legally
You're not going to know if it makes any difference till we all meet in heaven
And we decide if you would have lived a little longer or a little better
Or a little less
That's not works I mean it can be only the only the only herbal supplement
That's ever been actually proven
And that is there's a there's a committee in Germany
Part of their sort of food and drug administration in Germany called committee e
And committee e takes extracts of
Valerian and
Echinacea and Ginkgo and especially St. John's
And they really think
St. John's work yeah
And they do real live clinical studies on those drugs
Which the FDA here has no intention of doing
Because the money is so spread across the
The pharmacologics and the and they over the counter stuff
Anyway
St. John's has been proven to work if you use enough
But it's the only one of all these herbs
That's for like mental acuity right
St. John's actually a mild antidepressant
It works very similar it's in the category that's actually very similar to prozac
But I think by the time you're done finding the right brand that actually
Gives you enough of the drug it probably costs just as much as prozac
Yeah
And has the same side effects as prozac
But the bottom line is we have no proof that whatever this thing is with
Is flush in my face in my neck is that anything to do with those two things
Well I'm going to give you
As I started to tell yesterday the way to do it is by a process of elimination
Yeah, now let me ask you a question
Yeah
Because we did the line the ticked the line of disease test
That was negative right?
Now if you had let's say you got bitten by an exotic insect
Like I suspect I really don't think I did
But just in case they have that little wart on the back
Not a St. John's when they do on the back of my neck
That's what it looks like a little wart nothing else
But at any rate suppose you got bitten by and they were like
Four in bodies that invaded your system as a result of it
Yeah
Wouldn't that show up with like a highly elevated white cell count?
Not necessarily
And in fact that's a real important point that I wish more people realized
There's a philosophical statement that says that absence of evidence is not the same as evidence of absence
Yeah
Just because you don't find something doesn't mean it's not there
Like if you go looking for your keys and they're not where you think you left them
If you go back and look again you might find them in the same place later on
Yeah
But as far as bug bites what usually happens is
There's really very little foreign substance that gets stuck in your skin
And your skin gets rid of it real fast anyway
Just like it usually moves splinters and other foreign spots out of itself
Especially superficially
That little thing on the back of your neck could possibly be a bug bite
But I happen to think it was a coincidence that that's an ordinary skin tack
That we mature adult mammals get on with it
No, no, no, not a wart just a skin tack
In tack?
Skin tack, TAG
Which is what?
Well, you know, you meet people around, I even have a lot of people around
Why have I seen all of those?
Yeah, there were any fold on your body
After years and years and decades and decades of moving
It develops little irregularities on it
I think that's all that was purely cosmetic
And I think that you found that there after the bug bite may well have been a coincidence
I'm not telling you that was what
Well, first of all, I didn't even know that I had a bug bite
All I know is that I saw a bug and somebody flipped it and I thought
Well, after the long after the fact that you start thinking
What could this possibly be from?
Yeah, well, yeah, that's one of those things again
We'll never really have a solid answer for you
If I were to have found lime, I couldn't even have told you that you really had lime
But you don't feel it's unusual that you have this
This like inflamed skin in the face and neck
And it feels like, and I can feel it like right now in my hand
And have no fever, no temperature
And that that's, you don't feel that's unusual?
No, no, you don't
In fact, now that you're reminding me
I've actually been feeling that myself
Really?
Well, maybe I caught it from you and you can be down here
Now, first of all, last week, I think the day before I saw you
I was out at the hospital, something rather
Let's just say disturbing and frustrating happened
And when I got back to the office, I was a couple minutes late, which I don't like being late
And my first patient who's an old social queen said to me,
Cheese, what's bugging you?
And I said, oh, nothing really, nothing important
But they said, they said, your face, it's so red
And I realized I looked in the mirror and I go, what's it?
Now, I'm saying the same thing you did
Now, for you, though, I'm going to head this for like two or three weeks
Okay, now what I'm suggesting is get rid of those temporarily, get rid of the supplements
Yeah
When you reintroduce them, which is fine, I don't
I don't
Okay, but if you wanted to, but not against them, I want to get rid of this
I don't care about the supplements, I want to get rid of this hot skin
Get rid of the supplements first, one
Step two, I'm just saying if you wanted to
Introduce one for a week and then the other for a week
And then you can find out if one of them is the cause
Week may not even be long enough
I would just, you know, frankly, what you're telling me doesn't disturb me in the slightest
How I am, what do I mean?
I'm glad the audience has an opportunity here on the radio
While my visits to Dr. Marker are like, okay, after we go through the whole thing
You don't need me, there's nothing wrong with you, just relax
I'm not going to give you any antibiotics, no nothing, you'll be fine
Well, Neil, the very, very first thing I do when I walk into the room, whether it's a new patient or a established patient, is begin immediately to determine how important the issue is
Now mind you, mine is a role where I can kill people easily by giving them a drug that even somebody else might have done the same thing down the street
Right, like Southampton
Right, yeah, well, there's an example, or penicillin to people who have a virus thing and the next thing to know they've, here's a word for you, they've exfoliated
You know what that is? No, they've peeled off the skin from their entire body and will spend the next month and $100,000 in the burn unit at Jackson
Great, it happens, it happens, and I'm not going to be the one it happens to because, the first question I asked myself is
I'm going to give them something for comfort, real life actually improve the symptoms
Right, and am I really going to be doing something for a patient that two weeks from now their body wouldn't have fixed by themselves without any damage whatsoever
No
Okay, and that's exactly it, 80% of the time people who can walk in, getting some friendly advice and reassurance, it's going to be okay and we don't need to do anything
Yeah, and you shouldn't do what you don't need to and that's part of the reason there's a freaking healthcare crisis
Right, okay, a few minutes of patch out on the mountain, I guess today I'll have to do it by the way
Great, dress is great
Okay, next time I see I want that red rubber nose
Okay, I'll keep it around for you
Thanks a lot
Bye, thank you, so what do you say? It's 11 after 11 at 5,60 km
Hey Neil, f**k you
Where's he gets to the bottom? He goes back to the top of the sand
He starts, turns, turns, he falls and he gets
Where's he gets to the bottom?
Yeah, I get it, I get it
Yeah
You can't help me now, we are now with
And you can't wait to make your up, we're still with
Get over here, help her, help her, baby
Yeah, since you can't help him, you can't do anything
You ain't no better
You're out, out again
Out again
Out again
You're coming down, out again
Yeah, I get it, I get it
Oh, we're fine
I'm at 17 at 5,60 WCM, so that was a very, I don't know
It took him good time
That was a peculiar conversation with Dr. Mark Diddy
Tell me anything specifically that had to do with this hot skin and my red neck and red da pose
No
Okay, I mean generally we know what a red neck is caused by right now
This is a red neck
Well, it's just done like one side over here and it's like, but hey, you don't want to hear about all this stuff?
You just want to be entertained and have a few laughs
And here to Michael Jordan, press conference coming up in noon right?
Oh, no chance
Here's Miami Lakes, hello
Miami Lakes
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Yes, ma'am, speak to me, you can't talk to whoever's a mumble in the background
Going once, going twice, okay, what the hell was that?
What was that?
It's time to like somebody handed a phone off to somebody else
And I handed her the phone because somebody's too much of a pussy to talk to
Okay, okay, we have an open line of days, 5.6.7.0.5.60 and 0.5.60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Kendall, hello
And you, as your Israeli pill doctor, still practicing?
No, I have no idea and I don't want to know
Oh, maybe he can get you something
No, no, take this out, I have a bottle of St. John's work right here
And it's just pop
Why are we talking about St. John's work?
Well, I mentioned was herbal stuff and now we're talking about warts and palmetto buns
No, it's not, stop palmetto buns
No, but you've got to hear what it says caution
Let me expose you to thunds and skin might become photo sensitive and sunburn easily after several days of usage
Who would want to take a supplement and, you know, turn red?
You might try a banana boat, aloe vera gel, it's really good
Banana boat, aloe vera gel?
Yeah, it'll suit your skin until it goes away
I wanted to tell you a story about it
I mean, until it goes away, how do I know it's going to go away?
Well, probably like that grape seed extract or whatever the guy might have done it?
Now, sure, sure, you know, I wouldn't take it anymore like your doctor said
I wouldn't say anything
Yeah, they had him on for 11 minutes, he didn't say anything
Yeah, I noticed that, I was on hold
Not a word, and I hope he doesn't get a charge before this
Of course he will, he's got the meter running, why do you think he was on so long? He never took a breath
I hear you, hey, BH1 did a story on Marvin Gaye about a couple years ago
And Tammy Torell died on stage, she collapsed on stage, they stopped the concert
Are you serious?
Oh, absolutely, she had a brain injury
Are you sure?
Wow
Yeah, yeah, yeah
She had a brain aneurysm and she died, she was like 24 years old
Oh my God
I know, it's terrible
She was sensational
You don't have to have that done Marvin Gaye box set, are you?
Yes, I do
It's great, isn't it?
Yes, I do
Playing more Marvin Gaye
Okay, okay
Woo, what a lock up
Do you hear that?
That call, or should have a show, I'm a whack?
I mean, I'm a man
Or I'm whack
Sure, that was outstanding
We have two open lines in date, 56670560
Bill from a homestead who's a good list of reverses, I'm thinking about saw a Palmetto
But not too much, Bill, you're absolutely right, that's what I was thinking about
Take a saw and get on a Palmetto, okay, and chop your neck off, because from the neck down, I'm doing great
You know, maybe I shouldn't just talk about it, maybe if I just stop thinking about it, huh?
Stop concentrating on it, because it's obvious nobody out here has any idea what I'm talking about
Or if they do, they're certainly not going to do anything else
It's like maybe one of our pharmaceutical people out there might stop by here with a whole bag of
Tetris cycling or something like that
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Neil
Yes sir
How you doing, Bert?
I'm calling
Listen, I thought of a way where maybe you can use this to your advantage when you get a hockey game, you know
You can get those people start touching them and coughing on them and then they will
Yeah, that's not a bad idea
That's a very good idea, in fact, I'm going to be at the game tonight and I think I've got a real bad pew coming on, right?
There you go, look at my stomach, not only that, but I think I have a little intestinal cramp without the M
Yeah
This might be the first game you can enjoy in peace and quiet, no?
I have a lot of suggestions sir, God bless you
Thank you so much, thank you, there you go
You know, all you people are going to sit around me there at the game in section 101, I'm feeling a little crappy, okay?
Literally so, yeah, could be a real disgusting experience tonight so you might want to find some place out to watch the game
I get home would be good
We have an open line in Broward and Two and Dave, 56705, 60, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line
You notice how we went from like, tremendous euphoric response there, and then Dr. Mark called and that was pretty much the end of that
He called back by the way
And said, your call, the call was come, oh no kidding
If you had any idea, how much I just sent him, what kind of a check I just sent him the other day
I mean, I thought I'm complaining, he's always been very fair to me, but like I said, if he had any idea, how much the check was I just sent
And still like, I'm burning up here like, without the fever
See, I mean, he's a great guy, but the problem is I'm not looking for discussion, I'm not looking for repartee
I'm looking for some answers like, what is this, how long could it take, when will it possibly go away?
What is the cause of it, am I going to live beyond the weekend?
Things like that, just a little minor things like that, that's all, those are things that I would like to know
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 6, oh I'll tell you if you think it's bad on her now, wait till we get close to noon
See now I'm going to tell you, I could take the easy way out and say, well you know ordinarily we don't do this
The press conference is especially sports stuff, this is in the sports show, but because this is such a momentous event and it's Michael Jordan
We'll make an exception and just throw the thing on there, I could do that
Because as far as I'm concerned, that's the lazy way out
Just throwing on some stupid ass press conference, that's the lazy man's way out
Just a walk it away and throwing some dumb ass press conference that you can barely hear on there
And throwing that on the air for 20 minutes at a time and carrying through your four of those a day
Am I going to do it? No!
But you're sweet ass, I'm not going to do it
If you're all bent out of shape about Michael Jordan, you're talking about basketball, which you've known for a hell of a long time was going to happen anyway
If that's the most important thing in your goddamn life, then I say get a life is what I say
Find some other place to roost if that's what you will crank your chain, get serious
Here's a lady in Daniel, hello
Hi, yes ma'am
There are a couple of things that could give you a slush or a rash
Yes
A niacin? But I don't take that
But I don't take a niacin
You don't take a one a day
No
Okay, and the other, have you heard your hormones check?
My hormones? Yes
Like testosterone, estrogen and so forth
No
Because when we get to a certain age as you know
Yes
When we go through menopause and we get hot
Uh-huh, sure
And we get rashes and all
And you're having hot flashes, is that it?
Well, your heart, you could be a little lacking somewhere in one of your heart
I'm lacking somewhere but I don't want to tell you where I am
A four month note
Yeah
Another thing I wanted to say to you, my husband had a PSA test for his prostate
Yes
And it was way over four and I put him on saw, palmeadow, which he really didn't want
Yeah
After a couple of months, it dropped to 317
How do you like that?
Well, there is something to these herbs
But you have to go to a doctor that knows about that
Right
But I would have your hormones check just to see if...
My hormones checked?
Yes, absolutely
They can check your hormones to see if there's something there that's causing that
My hormones is causing my face and my neck to be flushed?
Possibly
Because the only other thing I can think of would be niacin
And you don't take that
Well, I don't take that because I know, years ago I took it just to see what it was like
And boy, instant, immediate
But that doesn't last, this last, it waxes and wanes if some doctors would say
Yeah, well?
It wanes in Spain
It's just a simple blood test to check it out
Yeah
It wouldn't hurt
Okay
It might help
Okay, thanks
I hope
Okay, bye bye
Well, at least she's being helpful, okay?
In fact, I got more information from her in 30 seconds there that I did the...
Well, we have an open line of day one at Brock
I mean, it was a great conversation, he's a friendly, personable guy
And we had a real good 10-11 minute conversation, complimentary no lie
And that's great
But did I learn anything that has to do with this?
No
Nothing, zero
No
Not that I want to be a hard ass or be a prick about it
But that there were anything constructive whatsoever?
No
I've already put the other stuff...
I put it in the cupboard, the other side expensive, too, by the way
That Coke Q10 and that grapes, expensive as hell
It's another way for the pharmaceutical people and whoever else is making this stuff
To make a fast buck, that's what it's all about
And that's why people like this, a ball-sky writing all these books
And 90% of the book is recommending you take this supplement
By the time you get through taking all those supplements, you don't even have time to leave the house
If they may be run over the health foods during by more of them
Many acts
We have an open line of day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Oh, that was a rejoin, well excuse me
I mean, we're always coming up with new exciting different things there
Nobody bothers to tell us these things, but you know, what do we care?
So I guess we'll just get rid of this thing, I was gonna be okay
One moment, please
Hey, listen, you know, are we supposed to know?
We don't have any communication power program director, because he's busy running around with a briefcase
We have an open line of day
Wouldn't it be interesting if we knew what was in that briefcase?
Open line of day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line?
Here's the fact that I love watching that son of a bitch, Bob Barr squirm
All hypocrites will be exposed
You notice, and by the way, we had a couple of calls this morning already early on
These right wingers are getting real agitated now
You'll notice that over the next several weeks and months they're gonna be getting really squirmy and lashing out
Because they're psychotic, because now the shoe is on the other foot
And it's way inside their back bone, it's right along with the gerbils
It's way in their back bone, like I said
So that's the way it goes for all you jab bush lookers out there
It's just the way it goes, man, I'm sorry, but what goes around comes around
And now the shoe is on the other foot, and now everybody that's been pointing a finger
They're saying, hey, guess what?
You're a bunch of hypocrites and adulterers and horror mongers
And it's said them and so on, I got all these little junior kids
And by the way, the reason we never ran with that story about Clinton's illegitimate kid
Because as they mentioned last night, it was a totally bogus story
And everybody's busy retracting it, and so on
He never had any illegitimate kid, and the whole thing was a hoax
And that's by the way, it's for the benefit of that red neck who called from Fort Myers yesterday, by the way
Sorry, but the news must travel a little bit slow over there on the west coast of Florida
No illegitimate kid, sorry about that, you lose again
Here's a fact from Carolyn, who says
I want to use your dolphin tickets for the buffalo game
I forgot to tell you your seats have no one in front of you can disturb them at the dolphin games
They're in the first club seat throw in a regular seat, our below
And when they stand, you can stay seated, you don't have to sit
And that was the thanks against this Carolyn
You're welcome, Carolyn, God bless you, sweetheart
So if I were going to the dolphin games, which if there were any more deceiving I might, but I don't, I doubt it
I'd have great seats
That's okay, it's going to be a real interesting test at the Toronto Maple Leaf Panthers game tonight
At the Macarena, that's going to be a real interesting test of the people who sit around me in 101
Because I'm already a little hot under the collar if you pardon that expression
So be on your God damn best behavior or I should be in ugly soon
In fact, Ty don't be, we'll be in the stands and sitting very close to me not playing in the game
Here's Miami, hello, am I on a wrong line?
No I'm not, hello
Any, how you doing?
Okay sir
Yeah, what do you think we're going to get for a ride on our borough from Vancouver?
I beg your pardon?
What do you think we should trade for him?
Rob need a Myron, Edgar Van Aske, he sounds good to me
Let's do a mobile in Miami, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
Can I talk about Quinn?
Yes?
I was watching Coralville last night and they had a couple of attorneys on there
And I can't remember the guy his name with a little mustache, he kind of was like Adolf Hitler
But all he was talking about was obstruction of justice
You know, you know what I mean? That Gins, the guy with the Ben Ginsburg guy with the Red Bull
No, he's always on MSNBC, he's a real Nazi in the hiding man, that guy
They have a cowboy guy who's pretty good and I can't remember his name
Another guy that was on a lot with the guy
The cowboy guy from Colorado, Utah, where were thousands of men
What's his name George?
Jerry Spence, thank you Joe, Jerry Spence, right?
But anyway, the other guy talked about obstruction
I shouldn't know Joe, I wouldn't know Jerry Spence
Then there have to be a crime involved when there's obstruction of justice
First of all, they don't have any proof that he obstructed justice anyway
She's already said that he didn't ask for a lie or a settlement
So on the never promised to adjust, but there is no evidence of any obstructed justice
And all of this that they're inferring about, well, he said this to Betty Curry
And so he was planting the seeds, there's no evidence that he obstructed justice
But the thing is, I mean, all you can hear from the Republicans is that there's nothing to do about sex
Well, I mean, bottom line, let's say if he obstructed or he tried to conceal the fact that he did have sex with Monica
Yeah
And then he lied about sex with Monica
Okay, if it's not about sex then there's nothing that's done
Right, that's all there is there are two people try to hide an extra murder of fear
And that's it, period
I mean, if he murdered somebody, they wouldn't be talking about the fact
If he would have lied about, like I said yesterday, if he would have lied about diverting funds to the consular's
In direct contradiction of an order of the Congress or doing anything else
Or having to do with the affairs of the government, then it would definitely be an impeachable offense
Absolutely
And have a great day
I mean, it's nothing complicated anymore, okay? And these right wingers now are contradicting themselves
Oh, the House did need witnesses, but the Senate does need witnesses
And in the meantime, they're dropping like flies
One after another in Larry Flint says he's got eight more all right wing conservative Republicans
And they're all going down is what he said last night
He said before he topples out of that wheelchair one last time, they're all going down
That's exactly what he said, isn't it?
Oh Larry, thank you
Open line of date county, 5667-0560 and 0.566, the other 18T wireless line
By the way, speaking of ludicrous crap going on in this country
As if we don't have enough lawyers making enough money already
You see the story now about sexual harassment in the schoolyard, you see that?
Or you haven't seen that?
For another story
So, Supreme Court justice is hearing a sexual harassment case that could affect schools nationwide
Question to the day how to draw the line between children's playground taunts and something more sinister
I mean, justice, San Jose O'Connor even at bitch said little boys, these little girls
Is every one of these incidents going to lead to a lawsuit?
And I guess the answer would be, the people behind all these lawyers had their way
In considering a case involving a fifth grade boy in Georgia who broke the classmate and made crude remarks
The justice is a must decide whether schools are to blame if educators willfully ignore and do not stop
Boris conduct between students
Sexual harassment
The girl and her mother say they complained repeatedly to school officials in Monroe County, Georgia
In this one case that a classmate known in court papers as GF had grabbed La Shanda
That's about a La Shanda Davis's breast and crotch simulated a sex act and made threatening remarks
Well, there you go, that sounds like sexual harassment to me, that sounds like almost a assault, right?
But does that mean that if somebody talks about somebody else in class because you don't like the way she looks or something like that
And says that's f***ing bitch or something like that, is everybody in their brother going to be having a sexual harassment suit now?
All the lawyers can make a lot of money
Thank you
Okay, here's a mobile in Boca, hello
Yeah, Neil
Yes sir
Listen, first of all I want to thank you for saving my life
I heard a couple of days ago you spoke about actions and ever since I got unasked, my number has come crashing down, weight down
Everything respiration, the whole work
But as far as the supplements are concerned, there's no question that you're going to get a reaction
Especially with stuff like salt, palmetto and salt
I haven't taken salt palmetto
Well, even the great seed is probably what's doing it
The co-cuting, absolutely nothing to worry about, I take 200 milligrams of that a day, that's the most wonderful thing you can take for your heart
It's known to be beneficial to the heart, make it...
Expensive to sell, I'll tell you that
Very expensive, but don't worry about that one
But some of these others that are a little more like the great seed and the salt palmetto stuff like that
I had reactions to 2, 3, 4 weeks
Really?
Yeah, I did
What kind of reaction?
Well, on the salt palmetto I got like a pain in the undersides, the triceps of my...
Lectum, yeah
My triceps, my left arm, it lasted for about 2 or 3 weeks
And it was kind of mild, but I just knew there was something there
I didn't stop taking it and now it's been a year now and my PSA has come down and there's definitely a benefit from it
There's nothing to worry about these things, you know, when you're going after the bugs in your system and you're trying them bugs
You know, they don't like it and they're gonna...
Maybe that's what I'm doing, I'm trying them bugs, in fact, maybe it'd be good for lunch, I think they're okay in the end
Right, but I mean, anytime you're taking any accident or any kind, and you go after them bugs and I'm not gonna like it, they're gonna react
Yeah
You get it done, you're just loose down there
Okay, so maybe I oughta keep taking it then
I think you oughta keep taking it, it's a little flush here and there and gonna...
It's not a little flush, it's a constant, is that a little flush? It's constant
Well, this was constant too, and I didn't know what the hell it was and my doctor...
It's a constant flush, it's like a stuck toilet, only it's from my neck up
Well, my doctor didn't have a clue, like I had my neck and my head stuck in the toilet
All right, well, my doctor didn't have a clue, but he didn't have a clue about acting either and then one of my numbers didn't crash and down, he says I want to write it up
I mean, like that, well, at least you were teaching your doctor something just like I did
Okay, good luck, pal, keep it up
We have an open line of day one in power, are we learning anything about my flush here today?
No, but we're killing some good time
22 till noon in that Michael Jordan press conference, which we will not hear how I'm QAM
I'm sure that that will get some press from Barry Jackass
The sports station doesn't carry Michael Jordan's press conference because it came in the middle of that Fag Niroggersho
Too F and Bad, okay, Barry, blow it out your ass, your little fat pudwack and Jackass
Michael Jordan retires from basketball and a whole world must come to an end
Maybe that's why the stock market's going down, maybe it's got nothing to do with Brazil, maybe it's because of Michael Jordan
And look at that, the NASDAQ, well, let's come back where we're making it all of a sudden
What the hell is going on while I'm not paying any attention?
Look at that, the Dow's down 170 with the NASDAQ, it's only down 15
I'm sick and tired of you people with your tech stocks making all the money and I'm jealous and I admit it
The Dow is like all over the place, but the NASDAQ just keeps going up and up at amazon.com and broadcast.com and com.com
All of the other stuff up 30 points, up 60 points, these people, they're not even listening
They're all retired, they're all living on some island they bought with the money from these tech stocks
They got tech stocks, I got Drek stocks
21 before noon at 5.60 WDQAM
By the way, I do want to congratulate Ray Perry on the fantastic job he's done and getting us this new copy
It's only almost a week later since after we had our initial conversation and now a day after we had our last conversation yesterday morning
And do I have no copy for most of the accounts that I need for?
No, for none of them as a matter of fact
Nice going sales department as you continue setting new lows and servicing your accounts
Love you baby
I'm going to get to it
It's 11.44 at 5.60 WDQAM Hank is off today
We got managed from 2 to 4.30, Mo camper 4.30 to 6. The most are 6 to 7. Pregame show at 7 o'clock
The Maple leaves and the path is 7.30 in the night
And actually the pressure is off when you come right down it for leaks after pulling out one out again last week
They're trailing in Toronto 3 nothing to in the first period of Tampa Bay and win the game 5 to 4
Last night 3 to 1 again after one period of Tampa and I thought here we go again and still pull out 4 to 3
Thank you Matt Sundin and Mike Johnson
Tell you one thing regardless of how the game comes out tonight
The leaks at least are an exciting team to watch
There's something there's actually something going on there as opposed to some of the coma stuff we see occasionally here
You know I'm talking about yeah I'm sure you do
So Bill and Homestead again factors and says
Also depending on the brand of supplements you buy they add other items to the supplement
Some great great seed extract I bought had bio flavonoids and vitamin C in a capsule
Which caused me to break out in a rash
The best thing for skin rash, he says is cortisone cream so Bill and Homestead at least he's trying to help me out in fact
He's given me more information than these two brief factors than some people gave me in 10 minutes on the air not to mention any names Dr. Mark
Oh so maybe Dr. Mark would like to be in that movie with Robert Williams
Okay I told him getting sick and tired of Dr. Williams I can see Dr. Mark with a red nose on can't you?
Kind of interesting you don't see with a little red nose on
He's a good guy but he didn't tell me anything
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Neil guy yes sir
You taking those with me you got something your belly not just throwing the supplements down on an empty belly
I have if I have taken them on an empty stomach yes
Well that happens to me too and it makes my whole neck and all that looks like I don't know what it looks like
It's like a red blotchy thing yeah
How long does it last?
You know a couple hours and then it's like a couple of weeks
That's a bad thing you might want to back off
One thing that does it to me too is bee vitamins I'm real sensitive to all the bee complex
Bee complex vitamins yeah
I get a bee bite
Exactly
But my dad's really well
And really pollinating like the right-wing Republicans they're pollinating hopping from one to another
It's something like that
I wanted to thank you for one thing and condemn you for another
Thanks for turning me on to Bob and Tom I can pick them up on them up in coil springs
I'm going to pick them up in the morning they're great
But heard you talking about Rick Riley and made the bad mistake of switching over there
And you got the cure real fast just like I did after I heard about the first half hour of stock market talk
I got the cure
In memory and retrospect you know you said you're thinking wow Rick was good and such you know it's great
And I turned it over there and there's two words for you, Gilbert
And well yeah that's another thing
You combine the stock market with and it's like instant suicide on a radio it's like Rick is self-destructing
You know
Exactly
I need help
Yeah that's for sure
Okay thanks Dave
Have a great day pal thank you
So there's a guy he gets a flush like for a couple of hours
I wouldn't mind flushing it for a couple of hours but this is just I mean why you make it a big deal out of this
Because I feel like it because I'm hoping that maybe somebody out there might get an answer from as opposed to
Okay we have an open-line of day one and an powered 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the 8
See I got off on that thing about the supplements
And I'm very leery about what that has anything to do with this or not
But now that makes for a very convenient conversation about a whole bunch of other bull crap
Which probably has nothing to do with this you see what I'm saying
Including a bunch of stuff like saw palm metal which I'm not even taking saw palm metal
And the last thing if I go under palm metal I'm probably going to Nixigarra's okay
Or maybe coming home from the airport from MIA
But other than that
Here's Pompano hello
Pompano
You'll God
Yes sir
Couple questions for you
Real quick go into the first hockey game tonight the Macarena
Oh yeah
Somebody say hi to you what section you in
101
Okay can I send a message to our first guy?
I'm Maple Leaf Jacket on yes sir
Can I send a message?
I'm listening
Jeff you're a douchebag
Okay
Maybe he's related to Alan Dushiewicz
We have an open-line and day one and powered 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
We got 450,000 very important topics to go in here today
We're going to solve the problems of the world before this show is out
Take no mistake about it just ask me I'll tell you
And then on Monday Georgia is going to solve all the problems of the dark
Completed folks in America
Whatever we're calling them on Monday
Mobile I don't know what he's going to be calling them because I'm not going to be here but you call them black people
There you go very simple
That's very nice that's very respectful
As opposed to hyphenated this and the hyphenated that and a lot of other
Prejorative things which we don't want to be using too much
Two open lines in dead county 5 6 7 0 5 60 and Pomp 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Oh that's right I forgot 10 minutes away from the Michael Jordan press conference
11 and a half minutes to be exact any interest on this part
No not a nissen George want to hear it? No no
Do I want to hear it? No
No that I guess takes care of that
Here's the lady in candle hello
Hi Neil
Yes ma'am
Number one I'm going to vote for a very cement
And number two is I don't know why you're taking grape seed
I took it for bruising
For bruising? Well I didn't have a bruised back bonewiler
No it's very
No I'm serious I went away with any grapes here that was a long time ago
I was I mean bruised you know I bruised very easy
Right
Okay so I took it for about a year didn't do a thing for me
Yes
Now I took one time I had a problem with my knee
Yeah
The initial I had a quarter zone
And they didn't tell me I was going to be all flushed in the next day
Next morning I woke up I was flushed
I mean I got so scared
What's wrong with me?
My whole face was so red
It was unbelievable
And that lasted for about four days
Really?
And then of course I've been taking this stuff you know like day after day
Yesterday is the first day I stopped taking it
And I do feel a hell of a lot better today but I still got the flush
So it may take a few days for to get out of my system I would imagine
I would
I would have liked if Dr. Mark would have told me that
But he didn't tell me that
I would say
Stop taking everything and then you know like he said he was telling you the truth though
Stop taking it and then see what happens
Yeah
It might take a few days to get out of your system or weak or whatever
And then if you want to go back on it go good
I don't want to go back on
I don't know
It's another one of these books that's peddling
Believe me I know all about this health food business
And I do take my visual capsules every day
Which is great if you got a little arthritis or whatever is better than taking Tylenol
Which will kill you
And you know so there are some things I take every day
Vitamin E a little bit
But taking all this other exotic stuff
Well who needs it for what?
I'm with you I don't take anything
But because I eat well I do my exercise
I eat mine
And so I don't see no need to take in a lot of vitamins
I do take vitamin C and vitamin E that's it
Okay and that's it
Can I ask you one thing?
Sure
Okay
We're going to the family's going to see Discover Stars on Ice
February 14th
I have never seen one
Stars on Ice
Stars on Ice
Stars
Stars
Stars
Stars on Ice
Okay
Discover Stars on Ice
On February 14th at the arena
Okay
Is it the macarena?
Yes
I have never been there
I have no idea about the seating
I want to go get tickets
Okay
And I don't know what seats I would pass for
Can you give me some help?
No, tell me you want to close to a center ice
I would imagine I would assume you want to sit in your center ice for a
Not too far down because it's very cold I understand
It's good, let's cool
You have to bundle up
You know we're a parka and
Really?
No
Just a sweater something
Okay, so where would you say center?
Yeah, it's close as possible
And maybe like a few rows, maybe 10, 15 rows up
Oh, very good
It's possible
Okay, one more question
Thank you so much for that
One more question
Do you know Jack Cole?
Jack Cole?
Cole
No, I don't
You don't know him?
No, no
After Randy Rhodes?
Yeah, no, I don't listen to that station
Okay, I'm having a good day
And you too
Thank you
God forbid I should know Jack Cole
We have all the day lines are wide open all of a sudden
Because it's getting close to noon now
Of course all the people in the day
They're getting ready for Michael Jordan's
I'll be terminatnustment
I'll give you a play by play right here
In fact, maybe we'll do our own
Maybe we'll do our own retirement
for Michael Jordan
Coming right for it
That's not it, that's the wrong one
There's been a major setback today for the NBA lockout
Player representatives, shoe-fro abdual kingfish
Well, I'll play for a new brother, maybe a new brother, a new brother
He's called Lu Lu
He's about to play for a new brother
He's been for all of the fairs
He's about to play for a new brother
He's about to play for a new brother
Are you sure?
Yeah, he's positive
So there's a little preview of what you're going to miss
You know, Michael Jordan is very articulate
And he's got a nice bald head and a big earring
And that left ear, of course
Dead County 56670560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a lady in plantation
Hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Yeah, hi
I have a question
You always talk about your blood pressure, diabetes, do you have high blood pressure?
Yes
Do you take medication for it?
Uh-huh
What do you take for it?
Boy, this is going to get really ponderous for the audience
I take low tension and I take Adalette
You take Adalette?
Mm-hmm
Adalette almost killed me a year and a half ago
Really?
I can see it flushes like you
That's a calcium channel blocker
But I've been taking it for a long time
That doesn't matter, right?
I took it for weeks and weeks and it didn't bother me right away
Okay, I could happen at any time
What it does to you?
Are you serious?
I'm serious and I cannot take it
I cannot take any calcium channel blocker
They put me on three or four different ones
And one thing?
Why would you take it for a while and have no problem and all of a sudden we'd start having a...
I don't know, it just does
It does
And Adalette is the one that really got me sick
I took like...
I forgot the middle dosage
6, be 120
I forgot what I was doing
I take the CC, it's like time release and other...
Right, time release and it lasts
All day
Right
And what happens is I was so bad that I would get flushes that I couldn't walk outside
If I was in the house, it wasn't that bad
But as soon as I walked out the door, the heat and my face would like burn up
I felt like...
How do you like that?
I felt like my face was on fire
I think you just saved my life
I'm just...
I'm serious, that's how I feel
I don't have a fever
But I feel like my face and neck and my neck and neck
And you're like, hey, I couldn't even put my head on the pillow
Because it felt like the heat was coming out of my neck
How do you like that?
Is that where you feel?
Yes
Well, and ask your doctor about it
Because my doctor is...
My doctor is doing a Italian tap dance here
And they are phoned a little while ago
And I'm just talking to my doctor because my insurance company...
They switched me to like six or seven different medicines
And now they're telling me they're not going to pay for my medication anymore
And I just called them yesterday
I said, I have been on so many different things
But let me ask you this...
Can you... I mean, they always tell you don't stop any medication like suddenly?
Right
Can you just stop it cold turkey?
Well, I wouldn't know, I would go on a different...
Well, I would... I had to
I had to
I had to stop it
It happened to me really bad on a Saturday
I called my doctor
Don't take it
Come in on Monday and I didn't then they switched me on a different kind of blood pressure
And how long before the...
Oh, it went away like...
Because what happened?
How long a period of time?
Oh, it went right away the next day
When you take it, you're taking it every day and it's time released
And it lasts over the whole day
And it keeps them all god damn day long
Right, and you can't get it out
Are you listening, doctor?
Yes
Anyway, that was my experience
Well, thank you so much. God bless you sweetheart.
Okay. Thanks a million
Okay. There you go. See, I knew that if I just kept banging on this thing long enough
Without having to spend hundreds of dollars to go and sit around and, you know, get a stephoscope under my neck
That maybe somebody out there might actually address what's going on here
How do you like that?
Without the grape seed and the grapefruit seed and the pumpkin seed and this
All this other bullcrap, all this other hocus pocus
Because everybody in this country is brainwashed with all these ancient Chinese secrets
Which maybe some of them with the Bill Mologe
What's that one? That Ginkgo Planko?
Isn't that from other prices right? That Planko thing?
I think that's what that is
Uh-huh
Where you're showing, you take the pill and you drop it down, you throw it in the kind of bounces around from one organ to another
It's the Planko herb
So there you go. Thank God for maybe a lady here just who knows what?
So now what do I do?
All the data lines are open by the way
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T lines
I guess we'll have to be playing music once that press conference comes on, especially in data count
Hey, and again, here's another example
Thanks again to the WQAM sales staff by the way for absolutely refusing to care
And getting us anything that makes any sense or anything newer than stuff two, three months ago
Nice job, Ray Perry, you're talking good game, you're a real nice guy
But boy, this is depressing
Mr. Speaker, this is Vice President
Members of the 105th Congress, distinguished guests
My fellow Americans, I have a incomprehensibly large tool
Thank you
Thank you very much
Nothing badly presents the hilarious new board game that will have the alive and clear Pope
Colostomy
Colostomy's the game and that's no bulls, it's often a game until the bad gets full
Colostomy, roll the dice and move ahead
Three spaces
You get creamed car
Oh no
But watch out, we're in, Luffins
Oh, you showed Michael ostomy back
Colostomy
You're right until you're calling her
It'll send you home with the Hershey's first
Colostomy
No, I'm Luffins, it's ready
Combo 1 to 5, 50, WQAM, happy Wednesday to you
We got Jim Mandage and two Kimba Bull campers for 30, they'll be sitting in Perhank
Six to seven, we got the Boogs Year, seven o'clock pregame, seven thirty-night, the Toronto Maple Leafs
How does the pistol 50 points out of order, baby, and the Florida Panthers?
Oh!
735 tonight
By the way, Bob Lincoln faxes me this, nor nearly, I don't mention on the year with Bob faxes because for obvious reason
But nevertheless, this is a hell of a deal for all of you
You know, people are always saying, wow, you know, you're making all that money, you go to Europe four or five times a year, which is true
And we can't afford to go there
Well, you know, there are deals, I mean, this is Miami or Orlando to Amsterdam, round trip is low as 338 bucks
Miami daily except Monday or Orlando, Monday Friday Saturday and Sunday, this departs January 8th, which is already started now
Through August 25th, 1999
Purchases these tickets no later than January 23rd, so you still have like ten days
Oh, by the way, thanks to my buddy, it's the passport office, by the way, you're the best pal
Thank you so much, come on, new passport, I'm ready to rock and roll now
But anyway, this is a hell of a deal and also to Europe, it's got a whole series of cities, they're including Rome and Nice and Paris
Through Amsterdam, round trip as low as 298 bucks, purchase no later than January 23rd
So you might want to call up your travel agent or Bob Lincoln or whatever
I gave his number on here before and it was disconnected, members, so I'm not going to give that number again
Because it's disappointing or just called Martin Air 186-784-62
186-784-62, if you'd like to go to Amsterdam or Berlin or Brussels or Copenhagen or Madrid or Barcelona, Barcelona, Unic, Nice, Hamburg, Helsinki
That's a pretty neat place, Helsinki, I bet you're not too many of you people living in Finland, huh?
No
I have
No, that was a pretty interesting place, Helsinki, it was okay
I would want to be there right now quite frankly at this time of the year necessarily
Oh, look at this, now they're showing highlights, so here's the games that Michael and we've seen 80 million of these last 24 hours
Games that Michael won, there's the shot, it's gone, they win, alright, and now what, what do we do now?
Well, we celebrate and his head is still bald and he's great, but he's retiring
I wonder if they need that ivory terror, they're going to have like a big good stimulus like this on the local TV like, no, of course not
It'll just be a headline in the hero saying, thank God
Here's a mobile and Davy, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hey, what's our majority's cranky today?
Wow, he's, you know
He picks a phone, you arrive at the show
Yeah, I haven't thought that he had a haul last week
Let's be a whole, just like that
That's horrible, yeah
Hey, that's just the way he is, he's irritable
Hey, what's he eating yet, he's cranky
What's going on with the Henry, he's still out there in California?
Uh-huh
Yeah
Where is he at?
In LA
What's the station?
KFI
They mentioned him this morning on this other radio show, I'm like I mentioned the name
Are you sure?
Why not?
I, well Howard Sternshow
Yeah, they mentioned Phil Henry
Yep
And what did they say?
Guy said, uh, some guy out in, um, we need a caller mention them
Oh no, somebody, it wasn't a caller, it was somebody that Howard knew and he said, you know, you heard Phil Henry
And Howard said, yeah, I've heard of him and he's a great talent, he says, well, I'm waiting for a tape, I want to hear him
Didn't down him or anything, so he never mentions you though
Oh, he has, yeah, he really has a reputation
And I'm here as long as he has
Every now and then he'll either rip me or help pretend he does know who I am, intermittently, you know, because he can't say asshole on here
Howard's got a real habit on the whistle
Now he can't say it
No, I know, but the thing about me is he says, well, I've been on the radio the longest
Even on the air just long as he has
I got news for Adon IMS was on the air before Howard was an infant, okay, just look at IMS, you can tell, you know
I'm lizard
Okay, have a great day
That's excellent, Lizard is exactly what I think
Like dead lizard when you see IMS in that jacket
But he's making a, he's wrecking in the big box more popular than ever which goes to show you
Just start sitting there and mumbling a lot, I'm gonna try that
I'm gonna think about that, Adon
So, let me finish here
Your head is in your chest deep in this
Oh, I'm gonna, yeah, like this, like that
And then every now and then the only movement he'll ever make usually is like he'll reach over and adjust them
Because he got the same kind of mic stand that we've got
And that's where the similarity in the equipment ends by the way
But other than that, he'll like reach over and like push it and that's basically it
And then when they do the break, you like the way he does that instead of going like this for the commercial way
He like, you know, like this, like a big flourish, you know like
And that's a lot of animation for IMS at the age of 110, that's not bad
I hope that when I get to be 110, I can go like that
I'll bring a Kircheefe in for you so you can get the look down
Yeah, you gotta get the Kircheefe in the leather jacket and look hunched up like this
And look like you're on your last leg, you know
But he's making all the money in the world and his show really blows
They're still making a big stand, they're gonna all read porters
And they got all the camera crews, they got thousands and thousands of camera crews there
They got everybody in their brothers like this is an event that's really one of the most important things in the history of the human race
Right?
Oh man! Yeah, Michael Jordan Beaver Tower, okay?
And I'm sure that what's his name, little Putsputlwacker over there at the hill right now
So it's not good enough for...
And he's late till he starts to speak, okay?
Don't be putting all the floor play on there
Wait till Michael gets up there and says
Oh man!
And whatever he's gonna say and then we'll put on for about two seconds
Very jacket, I'm sure he's just livid, he's probably is red in the pussy's eye and so I think that lady just now I may have saved my life
How come I doctor didn't talk anything about that?
About prescription medications which are obviously much, much more powerful and much more reactive than, you know, herbal stuff in most cases
Right?
There are tremendous numbers of people that develop allergic reactions to prescription drugs
And maybe like she said after a while, I've been taking it for quite a while but maybe just all of a sudden my body said no more
Hi, that could be it, makes more sense than anything else I've heard the last ten days
We have an open line, a day one in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Hellendale, hello?
Hey Neil, yes sir
Good quick question for you
If you were to lie in front of a trial then, when you brought up on three charges after two times
In a criminal trial possibly, he could still be brought up in a trial after he leaves office
Why is everybody making fun? I think this is a serious issue
Let me say it again, the founding fathers established very stringent regulations and very, very limited availability to remove an elected president from office
Thank God, okay, not just on the whim, not just based on partisan politics or based on maybe, you know, jaywalking or whatever it might be
That's what it's all about and they've said this over and over and over again a million times
If they want to bring charges against them after he leaves office, which you know there's no way in the world they would do
But if they want to do, they can do that
And the notion that he should have been forced to testify in that civil suit with the Paula Jones thing in the first place was Louis Vichris
And the notion that his attorneys allowed him to testify by a bugger grand jury was even more ridiculous
Which is why he's in the pickle that he's in right now
If they were to settle the goddamn Paula Jones thing right under the box, which they finally went up pain or damn you were a million bucks the other day anyway
If they were done in the beginning, we wouldn't have had any of this crap
But we did end up we are and we can we'll continue
Which if nothing else good comes out of it at least we're on I'm asking all these good right wing hypocrites and finding out who's sticking their
And what or office okay
Open line of date two and powered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Don't worry, he's still not speaking yet, okay Michael still not speaking yet
Nine minutes past noon at five sixty wq eight
See where of it's floating ball
Copy NFL conference championship game. It's a double header on Sunday
Atlanta travels to Minnesota in the enemy game at 12 to 18
But then the jets take on the Broncos in the AFB title game at three forty five right here once or it's radio five sixty
QAM
Okay, I don't want to get porky because I never do that
But I'm just a little bit curious the last hour
That was like the rejoin that other thing and I sat here and I kind of blew it because I didn't believe it was the rejoined and then this time
And I fired off the thing because I thought it was the rejoined it wasn't the rejoined is that could it be the rejoined by the way, John?
No, that was natural commercial that I recorded
A beg your pardon that last thing that you heard I wasn't asking who we recorded it
I'm just asking you how I call the NFL experience yes, so that is not a rejoined sounds like one but it isn't but last hour it was no last hour was a
Super Bowl tickets rejoined but but how do we know that at the end when it's is here on five sixty QAM are we supposed to be psychic?
Is that what it is?
Well next time I play that last I'll let you original events yeah, I
Was that your voice on there on the NFL experience?
Third of all by the way, I wanted to tell you right to your push
That was a great show you did the light what night was it a couple weeks ago when they thank you said very nice things about me
Yes, that was great and even though you know
I don't remember whether I agreed or disagree always talking about the the unsolved tickets and the
For the dolphin playoff game
Yeah, and I thought it was great. I believe the next day was very nice and it's not important whether I agreed or disagree
But at least you had something to say which I thought was sensational and you were fired up in pissed off
That's gone air Josh. Thank you. You're welcome. We have an open line of day one and Broward five six seven oh five
Sixty and by the way George tells me the big news for Barry Jackass and all you others out there who can't get enough of Michael
Michael motorcycle ESPN news, which of course most of you don't have on your cable system anyway
We're not talking about just the regular ESPN right we're talking about the ESPN news channels is the one that knows all these things
Which which one is a Josh?
Yeah, I'm just being news news which is on it's like two oh seven on your small dish channel two oh seven on the DSS on direct TV
But most of us don't have that on your cable
But if you do have the small dish or you do have ESPN news on your cable the good news is from two o'clock this afternoon till two o'clock tomorrow
24 hours of non-stop Michael Jordan retirement coverage
All right
You better get your priorities straight mister and here he comes walking in right now
They're greeting him like a god damn it's hope like the president
I don't want to hear any extraneous. I want to wait until Michael gets up there and says pop up up up
You know and then we'll hear about two seconds of that should pass if I these bastards
Okay, we have an open line and so now what do you do? Okay now?
What do I do if that that the lady is right? I mean this is boring a lot of people out there
But it's better than here in Michael Jordan
But what do I do about a blood pressure medication?
See if I had a doctor that would talk to me the emis and talk some sense and we could change my blood pressure medication and try that and see if I and get rid of this
Adelaide which makes all the sense in the world because it's time release and therefore it's in your system constantly and never gets out of there
And I don't want to be one of those people are just stopped suddenly taking one of my blood pressure medications because everybody says
No don't do that
Two retirement speech exactly
Okay, well, we'll find out somewhere along the line. Maybe we'll find maybe there's some lack crack out there
Go right me prescription for something else like I go back on my card is emigrant or something like that anything
Here's North Miami. Hello
Yeah, it's not as boring as listen to sports news conferences. That's for sure. Right. I mean at least we can learn something
Yeah, here's some illiterate guy gonna hold a press conference
Let's see if we can understand what you say and let's see if we can hear what the guys way in the back row are asking the question
I'm on waiting waiting with data breaths
Listen to sworn in that I was that was a jade benza who called stern. I don't know if you know a jade
Ben I have no idea he was a gossip columnist in New York and now he's on each channel doing these
These biographies on you know the all the old-time actors. Anyway, he's out in California now. Yeah, he what the
Stern he goes, we got this guy out here in California called out Phil Henry and how he goes
Yeah, yeah, I heard of him great talent great talent. You know robin never heard of him and uh, but it's just yeah
We didn't need to hear that we know that but they're exactly are you sure positive?
Sometimes today can you play all you can eat Negro okay? Thanks a lot you're not a refill absolutely okay?
Two open lines today come on
Let's get these lines fill up with all these people that don't give a crap about Michael Jordan who's saying right now
Okay, that's enough five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
I think my lady friend and plantation saved my life today
Now if I just knew what to do where to go for the next step if I just knew where to turn what to do you know I'm saying?
You do follow what I'm saying don't you because I'm not just gonna indiscriminately stop taking that
But if I if my doctor would like you know tell me something concrete something about hey, you know
Maybe that's possible and let's fry something else then I would say okay
Let's do that because I don't want to walk around feeling flush all the time because the rest of me feels pretty damn good from the next down
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Fort Lauderdale Fort Lauderdale. Yes, sir. Yeah
Getting back to your problem on your skin rash. Yes. I spoke to you yesterday about religion
I work in the area of naturopathic medicine now there's some things you can do off hand to
Maybe get rid of it in the short term. I don't know what would happen in a long term especially if you're taking you
I don't want to get I'm not one of those who wants to give it to something in the short term
I don't I don't want to treat a symptom right? I don't know what's causing it and get rid of it and stay alive
You may be having a reaction from the medication right?
Also along the way I got a guy working in a house outside. I'm getting a little noise out here. That's okay
Is 70% of the weight from your body is expelled through the skin. Yeah
And in this hot or climb but I've worked in Asia quite often and I see a lot of rashes with people who take an anti-malarial
Antibiotic they drink too much they smoke too much the livers in the kidney can't handle it and it comes out through the skin
Yeah, I don't drink and I don't smoke so where do we go from there?
Uh
Another thing you take any kind of supplements. Yes now check your supplements because the problem with a lot of supplements
You see on the market, especially if it's a metrusting. It's not the supplements. I guarantee you I bet you every dime you've got
Right, but then again in the supplements are so a lot of them are contaminated with cheap cold hard derivatives
Right could be having a reaction from that uh-huh
You could try since most rashes and in case of boils pimples or whatever they're after secretions and the hygienist recommend
You can neutralize it with like take a slice of lemon or lime
Anything alkaline. Yeah, like citrus to a slice of lemon. Yeah, you put it on there to neutralize it
It's recommended for like people with cold swords doctors are gonna tell you that because they don't make any money off you
Yeah, but this is the natural path agnostic
That's the honey chewing. Yeah, yeah
Speaking of honey honey and lemon is also a good
Lemon I'll share some of that online
Externally and internally. Okay, do warm water. Okay. I'll do all of those. Thanks. Thanks so much. Okay. Thanks a lot
Okay, like I said what's Michael Jordan saying no don't put it on
Well, what are you holding your head in your temples?
I wonder that guy said it was so full of crap. Yeah
Do you think I was paying any attention to what he was saying? No, he meant well
He meant well just like my doctor meant well
But my doctor told me absolutely nothing and then that lady and that's why I'm talking about this because I'm desperate to get
How many times over the years if I've done this and it works almost every time somebody out there
It'll strike a chord and I'll say oh guess what that happened to me and it was the analogy to some to the same medication
You're taken by the way to that addolette
And knowing that and believe it. I believe that I believe that then and I believe that now like a Marlon Brando said and godfather one
Two open lines indeed five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's Margie. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a question. I want to throw to you that
There's nobody seems to be talking about go right ahead
After the November elections the moderate Republicans have gained a lot of power that they're not using
Why don't you think they're taking on the right wing for control of the party
Because obviously the right wing has got them under their thumb. That's pretty obvious the right wing still controls
They control the Republican party. So why do you think they do because that's it in the election?
I don't know, but I'm just telling you a fact you can you can you know the bait yourself like a catch-a-sing its tail
But the fact is that the right wing of the Republican party is taken it over that even what Alan Dusha would said last night
No, wait, you think they're waiting for 2000
Waiting for 2000 for what to get creamed? Yes, and it's going to happen. Thank you
Okay, we got two all of that two lines left at the board here because Michael Jordan's a might bump up up up up up up up up
I didn't have something I don't want to hear it turn it off
I don't ever want to hear one more word from him. Okay. He's of no interest to me
I don't care if he retires now next took us. It's of no interest to me
And let me say it again 70% of the people in this country have got no interest in professional basketball
So I'll come everybody in their brother now is all of a sudden because it's another media hype event and the media is like it a feeding frenzy to show you that their priorities are all straightened out
We got a bunch of rabbit right wingers trying to undo two presidential elections and overthrow the goddamn government
And in the meantime, they're worried about some you know seven-foot tall basketball player
Jesus Christ what are what a great country, huh? What a great goddamn place? This is sweetheart. That's the American way you got it, honey
Dave counties open five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Maybe we can get one of our pharmaceutical quest to bring me into my cartozen or some other like that not a good idea, I guess
What do you smile about this is serious business?
This is a very serious business prescription drugs high blood pressure heart attack stroke things of that nature
We're talking about we're talking about a real doctor doing like real medical things
Here's a fort-laughter deal. Hello. I know. Yes, sir
That's right. Get in the saltwater
Saltwater. Yeah, that helps everything and I'm well what's that got to do?
I think they're called for maple yesterday, and I'm quitting on my lucard day
Okay, great congratulations, sir. Whatever you say open line and brow at all three and date five six seven oh five
60 pound I suggest you try the saltwater sir head first a pound five sixty on a mobile one line
I think the Atlantic Ocean is loaded with saltwater a little trip in there might do a clear your brains out
Here your rectum out
Here's a mobile in four-later tail. Hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir
You were talking about the other day. I didn't quite get the name for diabetes one and two
Yeah
It was the I want to get the richer in Bernstein Richard Bernstein diabetes solution. It's called
Bernstein right
Diabetes solution. There you go. Good luck. You're sir. Okay one call left at the board. Not at the
five six seven oh five six eight pound five sixty on a mobile one
I'm playing Marvin G and Tammy Turell through this program
That was the point. Can't fight with Michael Jordan, baby. That's it
That's all kind of boy
Oh, well, I've lost my soul. What's wrong with me? So Marie now we got a pervert of the family tree
A fan in in my grave and I'm about to throw up I get his ass
If I could get dug up uh-huh
To
Yeah
Oh, well my leg is a ride and then my arms fell off the cold in the grave. I got a nasty
The king of pots pop a knife but a cup by bus
If I could get dug up
Well, a break is showing given to black ass and nose was well through its original side
I'd reach his skin till he's all gone
Abandoned mobile a champ plus sauce to me a favor it but you love me
Bring a back hole to the cemetery
There's a llama love and fed a pile I got a beat up but I can't
Unless I get dug up uh-huh
Somebody dig me
1230 at 560 WQAM. I'm sure that when you take your blood test
You know what the levels you have a vitamin C and various things that I you know and with all the respect
I got people who mean well, but I'm not interested in any god damn nutritional supplements. Okay, please
Thank you very much. I'm not interested in any nutritional supplements. I don't want vitamin E vitamin P vitamin Z
vitamin god damn saw grass saw mill saw root whatever that thing is saw palmetto saw your ass saw your
rectum
in the mirror
man
It just makes you downright angry as soon as you as soon as you mentioned and like that
The guy that called before that was giving me the assault and they didn't have the foggiest idea what he was talking about
This is one area once you get into this nutritional rule craft man. You're all you can hear Donald quacking up the store, baby
Here's a call from Chicago. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
um
Go away back with some of you with first heard you and can't cone on 770 and
Playing jingles and I went nuts ever since yeah, and so my blood pressure went up so I started taking the universe
Is that what you're taking?
Adelaide
Okay, this universe stuff gives you a little bit of a cost that I'm not once a day and baby down goes the blood pressure
Well, I mean, I can't I can't have just somebody over the phone for scrubbing something for my blood
For everybody is different. I can't do that no no no I understand but no the doctor told me says I don't all the stuff out there in general for everyone
When you say it makes you cough a little bit
I never took anything for my blood pressure that made me cough this makes you cough
Well, I'm not out of the why would I want to do that who then I want to take a prescription drug that makes you cough
Get out of the nut
Jess kidding. I can start talking to 20 stodies today. That'll make me cough like Stan major. I'll be out of business in a way
That's true like Stan major. Yeah
Anyway, I was listening to you talking about that stuff and I got it here and it does work and one great thing
What what are you talking about sir? Are you heard me talking about what stuff?
What you're talking about your high blood pressure and your pills? I was talking about my my flush my flush my condition
The condition that I'm in the condition that my physician is in oh, that's a song too. Right have a great day
Okay, we have an open line in Chicago there five six seven oh five sixty and power five sixty on a mobile
Yeah, he takes something great. Okay, take it take it and have a great life with it and cough up a storm baby. Make some cough a little bit
Here's something. It'll make you cough a little bit somebody's foot in your rectum. I work
Wow, now with the doctor does he sticks his finger in your rectum does cough
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello
Hi, no, yes sir. Yeah, this is my eyes my eyes. Well, that's my window cleaning. Yeah, it's for seven
I've been listening for a while
Are there I agree to that more important things than Michael Jordan retiring
Uh, about Clinton the Republicans are terrible, but hopefully
Okay, thank you, Miles for your perspiration sounds are you Republicans are terrible right that down ladies and gentlemen
We have an open line is Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one on luckily his phone connection was so
Morton you're no one more in the name of his business whatever was something window cleaning
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Hey, no, you're late, but
I don't have anything political or medical to offer, but you have found the death
So I think I give you a link. Yeah, one thing is I like to stone the Neil God better than the other Neil God the stone
Yeah, it sounds like he's stone
That's way cool Orlando
The other thing I wanted to talk about this morning show. I just moved from the west coast where I could listen to Howard and
My radio doesn't know up to whatever he's on so I've been listening to this morning team and I think you've given this guy gold
Seeing whatever his name is the bum rope of the three sounds like the most intelligent and if you enjoy Geoli
Can't listen to that voice
Like it's shaping figures on your
I think it's only when he has to try and over talk the other two that's no like he's no, no, you're wrong
Anyway, one other thing I'll ask you one of football players scores that touchdown in it
Okay, we have an open line in date five six seven oh five fifty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's North Miami. Hello
North Miami with somebody wailing in the background
Okay, and have a great day two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty something like a likely
We're killing a chicken on the front lawn. Maybe there was in the middle of a cockpit in high a Leah
What was that from it was you it was me what it was the radio
I had the radio blessed in the background. It sounded like me in the middle of a cockpit
five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty and mobile one line. I've been in a few of those
Here's a mobile in
Neo-God. Yes, sir every time talk about real life. I just came back from Vegas. Yes, it was incredible
Okay, I've been there like three times already yeah, and like and I always hear you
You know always talking about how like it's a real town and it's real life and everything there
Yeah, and you know you just don't realize until like you're there and you're in the parking
It's incredible. It was absolutely incredible
It was as it's like it's always alive. You don't realize that this town isn't really that alive
I mean yes, nice to fly in there especially at night
You just fly in and you see what's going on there and you immediately know there's a place where there's a hell of a lot going on
There's no matter what time minutes then there is here in 10 years no matter what there's always something
I mean the food is impeccable as incredible no matter where you go
But like anytime you want five o'clock in the morning we got out of a club
I didn't leave the club until 9 30 in the morning
And it was just like and then people were still just like hey, you know, and everybody's so nice and friendly
And not that you know they go out of their way
But at least you know if somebody does happen to bump in you in the tail sorry or they're walking by
If they catch your eye or whatever, but you know, it's just incredible. I love it
Okay, great way congratulate
Like you know bring out the real world. Yes
I'm gonna go hit you know. Okay, thanks for the memories. We have an open line and Broward to indeed five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty at a mobile one line
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood oh yeah, yes, sir. I'm leaving for
The is this week and I wanted to find out if you've ever been to one of the fights out there
You never got any of the fights out there. No, I have not sir. I don't call to the fights
Oh, because I was gonna be trying to get tickets over the price and fight
Yeah, that's worth it or not, but uh
So how was the MGM the MGM is great at the good place to stay there?
I would say that's the best place to stay all right because I had
reservations for there
But to the last half of the week I was gonna be traveling to Reno. I don't know if you've been out there a long time ago
I bring Reno is small potatoes. Yeah, small stairs compared to Vegas
Why would you waste your time in Reno when you go away to hell out there? Why would you why would you do that?
I have people that go to law flim. I mean, well, what's the point? Oh law flim I couldn't handle that
Yeah, well, what's the point? Why do people go all the way out there from here? Which is eight million miles away?
And they waste a couple of days or half of their time in uh, you know in a minor league joy. What's the point?
Oh, I was gonna try to do that and maybe just try to fly into
California try to do like a three-feet out there. I don't know. Yeah, okay
If you'd like to use your plunger brains out
Whatever that means we have two open lines in day two and brodered five six seven oh five sixty and pond five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's Pemberpines. Hello
Pemberpines
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This is Joe long time list her first time caller. Yes, Joe
I was calling about that wrap-tune that spruce uh the Lewinsky and Kenna Sparrow and all that
And I wanted to pick it up at the local store. Can you tell me uh, you can't pick it up at the local store Joe
Have a nice day. Okay one line left on the board and then we'll go to the uh michael Jordan press conference
Which is obviously going to go on for hours and hours and hours on end and just destroy any chance
We have to do what you'll hear today. Thanks a lot Michael. Why couldn't you do it like a 205 would have been good
Ah that would have been perfect right at two o'clock straight up and down
Right in the middle of the Neil Roger show this guide decides to make it with tarman speech. You got some guide damn nervous
Do you know how do you think you are?
Open line and brow it all three and date five six of all like I said one call on the board five six seven
O five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile online what a bitter pill to swallow. This is even worse than that edalette
If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now kick your goddamn piece then you fear your nephew is in hell
I feel that my nephew is in that one so long ago
Not with the Lord then in other words in hell
Because
Body like a rainbow
You fear that that Roman Catholic community does they ate your nephew's body?
We have on the line of Van Eyes here a Roman Catholic priest on KFI in 640. Hello. How you doing good
Good, man. First of all, I feel like condolences to you on the lock of your nephew. Are you a priest? Yes, I am
Okay, so I just want I just want to make you expect something for you, okay?
So this is just you've been missing from the bow
What if you just hang on on the string to what I believe is and then you can draw your own conclusion
The next thing our teaching is that you draw your own
Let the father explain okay
First of all we believe that when we see communion
We see the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, my God. Well hold on man. I mean
I'm just calling to let you know when I believe is you eat flesh and blood
If you want to look at it that way that fine. Oh my God. I'm fine. This is our belief and you try your own conclusion. I want to buy this
Man, you got to let the father explain
Well, what I want to tell you about it is that you didn't listen to this in front. This is like shell razor. It's like clad back to the old
Okay, the answer that because you've been missing from the body
What happened to your nephew?
You eat the butt you eat the whole damn thing
Excuse me. Don't you eat it?
We eat the host. Yeah, the host
The whole body
That's not what I said you said you read the blood message of who?
On the man. No of Jesus Christ. Oh God. That is a bless to me
What if you take me down or I'm trying to do it until you find my belief
I'm gonna get you different forms. Do you eat a train of duty too? I might not answer that. I don't understand what what's that mean
What is this man talking about eating the Lord Jesus?
What in finish? I'm just saying we have a
Scriptures man where Jesus put bread and blessed and broken and said
Take this and eat it. This is my body
And then if it's the cup of wine you said take and drink this is my blood
And again, he says unless you eat my body and eat my blood
This is good Friday exactly. You're talking about eating up on Jesus
I don't call you down. You're talking about what we believe you're rubbing on Jesus
It's just to believe it. It's rubbing all our own
If that's just his to believe in my life you're what about him? Okay, man. I think I'm not gonna
Stand Catholics locked on my boy. I'm a man done your
Then cat looks maxed on your boy huh?
Yeah, I feel a crack in here
Well, I'll tell you
You listen father. I thank you for for taking the time. I really do
Well, you you pay for your sins. Well, I'm better prepared. That's true. Thank you father. All right
That was a Roman Catholic priest
You
What was it
What do you call man? Oh, you can eat me. Oh
Oh
Oh
You can eat me
So I understand
You thank you for the much. 1246 at 560 WQM
So by the way don't call George and abuse him or even abuse me
But you can do that if you want to if you want to get on the air, but you won't
About the fact we're not hearing this stupid ass Michael Jordan press conference
I mean, I turned on during the last commercial break about 20 seconds of it
He's talking about well. He's gonna be taking his kids to school and watching them play ball and hey great
That's very exciting, okay
Michael Jordan retires you ain't gonna be playing basketball anymore the NBA is in big trouble
Because they just finished with their damn strike and they all want too way too much money
And that league must be in really sad shape if one guy retiring puts it in such big trouble and who gives a crap
Absolutely, but people calling off the air abusing and be rating George because we're not carrying the Michael Jordan press conference
How do you like that unbelievable exactly
560 505 60 and pound 560 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir
You I'm surprised you're not carrying this bit the conference you could go home. Yeah, right look at the bright side
I can go find a real doctor and get myself some new blood better right?
I'm trying to medicine in the clear this problem up
He sounded amazing your doctor. You know how I am big guy. I mean, you know
I'm looking for an answer. I'm looking to do something concrete and that's just sit around and wait for this to go away
Someday, which you're maybe a will and maybe you won't well since the topic today is herbal remedies
Do you take a guard? No herbal remedies sir. Please. That's not the topic today. I'm not interested in I do take garlic
Yes, I think it's major antibiotic. I'm a I'm a thick and a couple years well
I try to take a chiala. Yes, and it isn't doing me any good on this because I think the lady was right on the target on this
Well, it's supposedly I hear anything about herbs or supplements before between now and two o'clock
I'm gonna blow somebody's brains out and it won't be mine
Well, if you eat it, if you eat it raw, it's those are better for you. Yeah, and garlic too. Okay. Thank you
Okay, we have an open line in the Broward and all three and date five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line
Here's Bokeh. Hello. Oh, no, yes, sir
Yeah, man. You're right about this Michael Jordan crap. Oh, I mean this stuff is ridiculous. I mean who's you the Holy Ghost? Yeah, evidently
I mean this is I mean I'll be carrying from a from a sport. Okay. I don't make any production out of this like oh my god
How is the world gonna continue spinning around? I mean out from Boston and you know, we had labby burger time
We had a little thing in the garden farm. That's right. That was it
You didn't go on the you were going to news here make a big production when Bill Russell retired
Did they make a big son of dance like this? No, that's the thing about the chamberland retired
Did they make a big son of dance like this? No, but you know, they got all this airtime on these on these
24-hour networks CNN ESPN ESPN 2 ESPN 3 news and and so they have to fill the office a lot of crap
It's like you told about the sand down here the ridiculous. They don't know nothing about sports. Yeah, well, we only know that I mean
I've been down here and you know, I'm I'm I'm in the garden the Bruins back in yet the zero days
I mean that's when I was every duty the or you know back then the Canadian yeah
Hella for yeah, what so what about it? Well, I'm like you look for you. It was one of the greatest four within history
Yeah, great. Well, I'm happy for him and you two frog is what he was frog
We have an open line and Broward and all three and date five six seven oh five 60 pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Sorry about that. That's my anti-mantrail Canadian anti-frog by showing and my really sorry about that
Very pleased that I said it
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm a recent new listener first time caller. Okay
You this is you your show is basically not a sports talk radio. It is not a sports show. That's right
This is four hours a day when we give the QM audience a rest a respite a brief rest from all of the incessant repetitions the other 20 four 20 hours a day
I
I can obviously tell your hockey fan, but I'm wondering what's what's your
What's the affiliation with the Toronto Maple Leafs? What do you mean? What's the affiliation? I mean you seem to support them
I do I'm a 40-year Maple Leaf fan 40 years of it. That should the comfort or something. You know 40 years
Well, what about the local teams? I support what even what about the local teams? What does that mean?
We go to all the panther game and I root for the panther's except that they're playing the Maple Leafs
Okay, do I have your permission to do that sir?
Sure, okay. All right
How come the people prohibitive from bringing up the dolphins or the harvockains or anybody local on what?
On your show because it's not a sports show you just got through saying it's not a sports show and it's not a sports show
You understand you just got through saying that so obviously you understand
Well, you talk about hockey after yeah, maybe because that's the neo-rider show and neo-rider's is interested in the hockey
Guess what I talk about what I'm interested in and the other stuff you mentioned. I'm not thank you
Two open lines and bright there you go try to figure that out. Are we going too fast for you sir?
Okay, sorry. I'll slow down a little bit one and one is two and uh in your record. You go have a nice life
Two open lines and powered all three and a one call left on the board again here
This press conference is gonna go on till midnight make no mistake about it because the spn news network has got a lot of time to fill up
Between two this afternoon and two o'clock tomorrow
Papa
Well,Excellent
If you know something if Jesus Christ during there right now, he wouldn't be getting there if
If you were on at the same time as michael jordan making this retirement press conference
Jesus would be preempted by michael jordan right make no mistake about it
five six seven oh five sixty and point five sixty on the mobile one line
i mean
i've been up against你 name it anything in the world this takes the cake
This is the biggest and the best and most unbelievable when this crap started while
I'll know him today. That was like the end of my life.
Here's a mobile and Pemberpine. Hello.
Mobile and Pemberpines.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I really don't understand your beef. You have the best athlete ever.
The most best basketball player to play the game.
And you're acting like you just put in anybody retiring.
I think here.
So what difference does it make?
What difference does it make? He's the best and most mediocre.
What difference does it make? He says,
Jacques, who's retiring?
What is that back to do with anything?
Nobody said you have to cover for two hours, but I...
I will cover it for two seconds, sir.
I'm not interested in covering it.
And if you're so concerned about how come you're listening to this show?
You're the typical...
I'm not...
Sir, let me ask you again.
How come you're listening to this show if you want?
I should not be concerned about Michael Jordan.
Because this is a radio...
This is a sports network.
And unfortunately, we have your sorry, due after that.
Oh, due after. There you go.
Okay, well, I hate to break the news to you.
You didn't know Michael Jordan was Jewish, huh?
Jack asked.
Open line and Broward.
By the way, Hank Goldberg is Jewish and Jeff DeForest is Jewish.
And Geldy is Jewish.
And then Kaplan is Jewish.
This is the Jewish sports network pal.
So you better get it right.
Okay, my boys, your friend.
My hair man, Gary, sucking friend.
Here's Coral Gables. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Listen, I'm just getting over the mung-to.
But I have a question for you, do you remember when Phil Henry did that?
Brad the Booger, when he first introduced him and this pal went ballistic on him?
Do you have a copy of that?
A copy of what?
That whole show.
No, I don't.
But what do you mean the whole show?
I'm going to start playing whole Phil Henry shows now.
No, but it was great when he did that.
I hate to break the news to you.
I love Phil.
He's a great talent.
He's a good friend of mine.
And he's sensational.
Phil is not here anymore.
I know that comes as a gift.
And I just got through your kill in four and a half minutes with all you can eat Negro,
which is still great.
But he's not here anymore.
This is the neo-rodger show.
Phil Henry's not here anymore.
And he's not coming back.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
Why was that pathetic or what?
That was that was sad.
That was tragic.
You know, we could tape Phil show up from the internet playing those I'm sure he would have no problem.
That was just play back the next day, I'll sit here and do the spots.
And everyone else will throw on a press conference to just to kill the time.
And it's a man,
like I said before, I've said it a million times when Phil was here except when he was doing a stick.
he was i'd come in the he would come in the next day while i was on the year
all man you have no idea what he was like he was psychotic because when he
wasn't doing a stick he couldn't buy a phone call
all these people that are kissing up to him right now they wouldn't call him
for a lot of money unless he was doing one of his voices
if i had a if i had a million dollars for every time he said that to me
here's a mobile in kibis game hello
yes sir
uh... yesterday
he started to show off saying that
two twenty five you turn to radio off from the late because of the uh...
call you at the goalberg show
no i didn't say that at all i said because there was another press conference
yeah well you were discussed with what you heard
uh... it's a good thing you want to listen in three thirty one
the same day three thirty one the same day you mark down the time absolutely
because when i put it i knew that it had to be listening
your radio would not have been turned off it would have been destroyed at
a very heavily accepted uh... young boys came on the phone
and uh...
and something about the uh... new the new perspective
coach of the eagle
and he told me never heard of them and his next question the heck was
heck what do you think the eagle tech and rapture will be next year
right
how about the people are called how about people that call up hank and ask
hockey questions when the man doesn't like the sport doesn't follow it and
what's the point
there is nobody who follows hockey in the town hardly any except me
it made to happen to make police and right now we're talking
right
uh... there'll be some of us there tonight with our maple leaf
uh...
police games in the brule and then the paper games those the only ones i'm
willing to travel up their for okay
but i will be there with my maple leaf t-shirt on i'll have a jacket
i'll see you tonight okay
joley scope
go bill he would go we have an open-line and broiled five six seven oh five
sixty and five sixty i knew he was a good guy just by the sound of his voice
maple leaf and i'll write
uh... how come you talk about the maple leaves you're because i'm interested
that it's the around your show k that little pats are called before that is
have enough tough time figure thing ring it out
i talk about stuff that's of interest to me like my god damn my add-on that's
why and if you find it boring then go find some other toy to play with that's
all
welcome we can talk about because you got twenty hours the rest of the
the rehash that same boring turdburger crap okay
puts
puts a lot
for any still talking on the earth and i will be still about about about about
about a big spot is pushing that big earring and is left here
one by the way was an oversight i forgot Josh three men's Jewish to
so i
do
operations
crazy
amazing
picture i'm
and reading Martha Stewart.
That's cool.
These women must erase their head
and the coveted wings of the past.
Where it hurt hard to know the day
and just getting mud and bored and junk.
Boys of the rainbow.
We're just getting that time.
Why'd men ask them hard?
This friend is just a gamer.
The best, the best, the most peaceful and peaceful.
When they find out he's sick, sick, stressed.
Oh right.
Why'd you face the way I stand the glorious day?
Jordan and G.
Ooh, that's a good idea.
Jordan and G.
Where?
Yeah.
Hey.
He's not the least stressed.
Laptop in the new bird.
As the biggest fan's love.
Hey, it sucks just like a hoover.
It's been over for a guy and a baby.
And his family likes to hold.
This crazy mouth is hoes and vaches.
This is a good happy-swear and rip.
The fans won't be distraught.
When they find out he's sick, sick, stressed.
What you face the way I stand the glorious day?
Jordan and G.
Whoa!
Jordan!
Hey, don't touch me there!
It's nothing but...
There's a guy.
Okay.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Look at that!
103-560 WQM.
We got Jim Madden's QL, then we need for Hank and QL.
Yeah!
And then it's 430.
We got Kimba Boat Camp, but they're kind of like Diving it up.
And then at 6 o'clock Boost, we'll be on for an hour.
7 o'clock to Panther Free Games Show.
730, Panthers and the Toronto Maple League.
Oh!
Yeah, that's...
You know, all these people, how come you're a Toronto fan?
And how come the world goes around?
And how come the sun is on your reign?
Jesus Christ, get a life already.
Will you? Maybe listen.
Maybe open up a year and listen and try to finger out what it's all about.
Okay?
Before you open up a V. Mouth and make a jackass out of yourself, sir.
Which you got a lot of company.
And by the way, the bad news is the Michael Jordan Press Conference.
Oh!
Over! He's all done speaking.
I'll see you then.
There's the president.
There's some other jackass on it.
They're talking other stuff now.
How do you like that?
We only killed an hour with that.
But ESPN News make no mistake about it from 2 to 7 o'clock to at least 2 tomorrow.
Maybe in 2 o'clock a week from Shivuas.
They're going to be doing Michael Jordan did this.
And Michael Jordan said that.
And better be better.
But I said it went so on.
And for the first time they'll reveal on national television he is Jewish.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
And he's going to prove it.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to give you two V. Panthers in a row.
To what?
To V. Panthers in a row.
67 Jinks is going to end this year.
These are going all the way.
Yeah, huh?
And that.
I just wanted to ask you where your favorite garden's memory was.
I've favored memory in Maple Leaf Garden.
Yeah.
You mean being there?
Yeah.
Or anything.
Watching on TV.
13 to nothing win over Detroit 1971.
I'm a Saturday night hockey night in Canada.
13 nothing.
I'm too young for that.
But I got tickets to the January 30th.
I'm going to be in the third last game against Washington.
All right.
So goalie's going to be up here.
I hear the new joints fantastic by the way.
The air Canada Center.
Yeah, you'd like it in the Pac-Win's office.
They got a special exhaust system for the Garth's.
Yeah, I read about that.
Pac-Win is God, by the way.
God, yeah.
Okay, sir. Go do it.
Are you?
All right, man.
See you tonight.
Okay, we have two open lines.
One in Dave Watt and Broward.
Two got all the Leaf fans coming out.
Come on out tonight.
Okay?
We'll do that.
Go Leafs, go.
Come on.
We'll do that.
Are we going to do that tonight?
No.
Yes, we are.
Kick the crap out of this.
Terry Murray and his make-believe bench of Murrayman that he's got, huh?
Wow.
Terry Murray.
I'm going to tell you they boot him out of every place he's been before.
And eventually you'll do the same thing here once you catch on to him.
Oh, you were five minutes late for practice.
You're going to have to sit down.
Oh, you came to work with a hang nail.
You're going to have to sit down, young man, because I'm going to muscle you into a lot.
His bench just about everybody on the goddamn team except for the fear heard.
God is Jovenowski and he need him.
We're in the same car.
Everybody else has been benched, intimidated, shouted at, made a fool of, etc. and so on.
Give me a break, okay?
Like this guy's dealing with about your five-year-old.
That's the level on which he operates.
And then when somebody asked him about, well, could we get Brian Barrao or could we get Pavel Barrao?
Well, I have nothing to say about any of that.
It's the brother.
It's the spokesman.
You only want to have you to do with that.
He's got nothing to say about it.
He's only the coach.
Here's a payphone in Miramar.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir. Hey was that by any chance a record that 13 nothing and any Hill record no
Okay, no
Glad you enjoyed my fax is that I sent you yesterday about Larry Flint and
About to be over. Yes. Thank you very much. That's okay. I knew that one was coming
And I you did watch it last night on Larry King
I watched Larry King and I said we have had one call about that all day today
I
Well, you sure and watch it. I didn't even know Bob bar was gonna be on the beginning and did they watch it
No, now one call on it. I can't believe that well. What is this audience do? Where were they? What were they watching?
Okay, were they watching their neighborhood? What are they doing there too busy beating their kids? Oh, okay
I did watch it and Larry did grow a small pair last night
Yes, I mentioned at the beginning today Larry did a good job last night
This guy bar just continuously skated around the whole
He's trying to open up his mouth the whole would get deeper and deeper and upper
He didn't you know, he said that he didn't encourage or
Forced anyone to have an abortion yet his name was on the check right he drove her there
Right and they have a copy of the check right so here it is this big anti-abortion advocate
Okay, he stands up in front of all of his peers and tells the entire world how bad abortion is yet
He's just a guilty right and that's you know the whole thing with Larry
I'll tell you one thing the public they can forgive an adulterer because most of them are adulterers anyway
The one thing most people don't like is a hypocrite somebody who says one thing and does and you know does something else
And I'll tell you what this whole thing with the Larry Flint, you know 10 years ago
Everybody said look it's really sleepy don't dig up dirt
But you know what the guy saying look we need to expose this because it's getting completely out of control
And that's what's happened and he's just trying to expose these hypocrites. I love it. Yeah, I do love it
You know I got eight more to go he said eight more to go and they're all peeing in their pants exactly
Listen, I also I think you something about that anti-abortion website. Yeah, and I don't want to become a chronic, but there was one
paragraph in there on that website, okay? Now mind you these are all good Christians as you call them
Yes, these people are supplying the names and addresses and business addresses of not only all of the abortion doctors
Country-wide, but also their families all the way down to their grandchildren
Probably yeah, that's pretty alarming because I think the word for that is hit list is the term for that
It's no that's exactly it and so now you've got this with the saying well free speech blah blah
But the thing is is you know you got that psycho that's still up in the mountains of North Carolina
Right, I have yet to catch
There's a lot more people out there like that
So what do you say you know that the grandchild of some doctor? I mean they're gonna kidnap over
Well, I mean in the well the good news is they got my new passport the big thick one in the mail yesterday
So that's a good news well good look and in closing
It is the shame that tydomi is out injured tonight and wore L is bench because I'll tell you what I would love to see the mix up on that
I love to see don't be kicked a crap out of myself. I like to see you got it. Okay, okay
I love you go me go thanks a lot
Okay, we have an open line in power five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
Look at that. We got some people back down that Michael Jordan be done speaking and
I'm not gonna get excited about it
I understand that I'm way off out of different way like and like I've told you before I'm delighted
I am proud I am proud to be on a different way of like from from the mainstream. I'm ecstatic
Then I don't give a flying crap about Michael Jordan and I could have sit here pretend that I do
I'm not gonna put on an act for you. I couldn't give a flying crap less if
Whatever happens to him. I wish him all the best in the world with his billions of dollars and good luck to him have a great life
Well look at that nice come back at a stock market that stack is up 13 that was only down 80
And not that I want to get like Rick Riley, but it looked like it was gonna be a real bad day today not too bad and a three hours to go
I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down
If Howard County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else
Oh
tasted
with
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, hot is good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What has got most cannabis?
Most cannabis might want to buy.
Gives high on the back of the box
Just in the most of skin and soul.
On a grey hunt for too long
To get some bad luck in homegrown
So you're so gone back to safe home.
Most of the people are hardly on this road.
No fun in heaven.
Once 16 at 560 WKM just in case you missed it live
They're showing reruns that replays
And the little inserts of crap from Michael Jordan's press conference on CNN
Just in case you missed it live they're showing crap and then some more crap and some more crap.
Yeah, they've little blips of other stuff going on the world in between
But this is obviously going to be a lot for hours and hours and hours and weeks and months on
And forget about their impeaching the president, forget about that stuff, that's malpatitis
Forget about Larry Flynn, forget about Larry King, you know what I mean?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hey Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
Listen, I just got over like, I don't know, four days of almost constant fever
And I wound up with a rash myself.
And fever.
I think it's like a heat rash and it's probably fungal.
I had something like that when I ran track in high school.
There's a fungus among us?
I believe so.
I'm going to spray my groin over with some desks next month.
I'll get a part of my groin, sir.
This is on my push, not on my groin, but that's a great day.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward and one in day, 56670560, maybe he had it on his push.
Of a 56670560 and 0.566 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's, okay great, thank you so much Maya, hysterical, big friend.
We have two open lines in day, 56670560 and 0.566 on the AT&T wireless line.
As our friends in the Hispanic community continue showing beyond the shadow
without the enormous contribution that they've made to this community and this radio show over the last 23 years.
No question about it.
Couldn't have made it without them.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Mr. Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing tonight?
Okay.
Tonight, I'm sorry.
First of all, I want to just talk around and just give you a compliment.
I apologize on behalf of Florida, I apologize for the college.
There's those that call like the previous one.
I just don't have GEDs, I don't think.
And those that make sense, give you a conversation on the phone.
Yeah.
And the second thing of all is, I work at a company where about five of us sit in the queue because whatever.
And we all listen to your show, we just can't call in.
Right.
You know, so there's a lot of people that are going home, I hear some old men next to me with care station on.
So it's out there, but people just can't get to you.
They can't get to me.
And then why don't you just comment for Hollywood residents?
Yeah.
Rose Salopez has got the Virgin Mary there.
So, Rose, the 13th, I forgot it.
So Wednesday the 13th, the Virgin Mary, they probably put a spell on me.
That's why I got the, the, the, the crowd.
It's all blocked.
You can't even get through.
It's ridiculous.
Beauty.
Everybody there.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
If Rose Salopez could even upstage Michael Jordan, you know she's got the real thing.
It's right in five bucks ahead.
You got it.
All right.
Have a great day, pal.
Yeah.
We have an open line in front.
It's the 13th of the month, baby.
Rose Salopez.
Thank God there's no superstitious assholes out there running around to see Jesus come up on that
Tautina's pizza every 13th of the month at the Rose Salopez.
Or is it a flower tortilla, I believe now?
Yeah, the, the Tautinos, I think, went out of business.
So now it's a flower tortilla that the Virgin Mary shows her push on every 13th of the month.
I'm sure many of you would probably go have a long way to see the Virgin Mary's push.
Where we go?
Let's go to, uh, hi, Leah.
Hello.
Any new?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
First time calling.
Long time, never.
All right.
Okay.
I'm keeping an American.
I know one of those speaks.
Love you, show.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
I'm keeping an eye on the car.
You talk to you.
I can't believe that we do this to the president of the United States.
I mean, this is absurd.
Do we do what?
Do this to the president of the United States.
What are you going to say?
Yes.
I mean, you know, we try to get this guy out of power.
I mean, for something that if everybody does.
So, I mean, I just don't understand, you know,
how can a country so big with all these money and all this power
doing this to the president?
Yeah, because they don't want to grow up to the bunch of hypocritical assholes.
That's why.
I mean, do you imagine this doing any other country?
No.
Exactly.
You know, so, I mean, that's basically it.
And, uh, no, be sure.
And, uh, good, good work.
And I'll see you again.
Thank you.
See you.
All right.
We have an open line of day five, six, seven, oh five, six.
They can you imagine this going on in any other country of the world with the head of the country?
And I do mean head is getting a few blow jobs.
And right away, they're trying to throw them out of the office.
No.
No chance.
No way, Jose, maybe only in America where we had this.
And I've been telling you about this for years and you always think I'm exaggerating.
And then these guys come on here, all these talking heads, all these experts.
And they repeat words for word, but I've been saying on here for years.
About an attempted bloodless coup by a group of maniacal right wing fanatical
or hypocrites is what it is.
That's exactly what it is.
An attempted lynching by a group of maniacs, all of whom have got skeletons rattling around in the closet
that you couldn't even begin to understand.
But you'll find out.
Here's Poppano B.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Let's now like to comment on Larry Flynn and the whole thing going on with the Clinton.
First of all, it's not about sex because that's all you left wingers want to say.
It's about sex.
Oh, you left wingers, yeah.
It's about lying under oath to a federal grand jury and for a debt position.
Right.
In addition, you felt the mention that Larry Flynn suffered $1 million.
It's always people that come out.
Right.
So you don't think Poppano's wife had a little motivation maybe to embellish the facts one million.
No, not at all.
In fact, he didn't deny anything that you said.
Let me answer this too.
Let me say it again.
Are you want to have a conversation or not?
Because it's absolutely.
No, you don't.
No, I do.
Did you see him on television last night?
Yeah, it looked like a vegetable.
Who?
Larry Flynn.
No, I'm talking about Bob.
Oh, he looked like a vegetable because he got shot and he's in a wheelchair.
Thank you, sir, my good right wing friend.
He looked like a vegetable because somebody tried to kill him because he's a pornographer.
Some good right winger just like you, sir, tried to kill him.
Okay, would like to pull it and that's why he's looked like a vegetable asshole.
They have the receipt from the abortion clinic.
They got the goods on him.
They got him nailed to the cross.
Okay, Bob bar.
But don't confuse this guy with the fact it's not about sex.
It's about lying under oath like anybody else in the world would do, especially a person in his position.
And like I said, they spent $50 million of our taxpayer money to try to dig up the goods on air.
Every other goddamn thing that's ever been invented.
Could they get anything?
No, they did not.
And it wasn't interesting.
Wasn't it convenient that Kenneth star who's supposed to be so non-committal and right down the middle?
Waited to left the election was over before he finally got there in front of the house judiciary committee.
Said, oh no, there's a clean slate there on file gate and a travel gate and white water and anything else you can.
We can't find anything.
President or his wife.
But waited two weeks until after the election was over before he bothered to mention that just out of convenience.
Here's a mobile in Margie.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
I don't understand what all the big hubbub is about Michael Jordan.
They didn't make all this stink and Mario a little new retired.
That's right.
Well, I just was wondering about that.
Have a good day.
And back to you.
Well, you see the media, I guess things are a little bit boring now.
We've only got the impeachment to a president going on.
So they must have, you know, and we're still looking for John Panay's killer so they don't have much new news on that.
So the media as you know, then, and like I told you years ago and it's when it happened, the OJ thing opened up a whole it opened up the floodgates.
For this obsessive incessant for MSNBC and for CNN and CNBC, it just opened up the floodgates.
And so no matter what it is, if they think that they can milk it for every damn dollar they can squeeze out of it, they do it.
On and on and on and on.
Let me say it again.
Maybe they're probably the greatest basketball player who ever lived.
I give him his do.
No question about it.
Very exciting guy to those people who cared about the NBA, which most people don't.
But he was a basketball player and he retired.
Wow.
Oh my God.
Are you kidding me?
The world is still spinning around.
I can't believe it.
How are we going to get out of bed tomorrow morning?
Michael, Michael motorcycle.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
No, they're a new number again.
Let's my tone of light.
Let's my tone of light.
Is he active?
He's active?
He's active.
He doesn't know.
He owns a whole bunch of sounds and wonderfully high.
I don't know.
He owns a whole bunch of sounds and how do we try to get out of bed?
All right, well great talking to you, man.
Okay, see you tonight, pal.
Okay, fork over the box and cut the crap.
Two open lines, and date one and powered,
five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Boka Brian, this came in,
he's got some blood pressure medication for me.
Yeah, no seriously, I think I'm just gonna start
to find in somebody else's pills
and start popping those,
and then see what my doctor says.
I think the lady that called from Plantation
probably saved my life that lady.
Thank you, sweetheart, if you're still listening.
Thank God for you.
The one person out there who knows what I'm talking about
and who cares and isn't here,
honking in China about the herbal list and saw grass,
that and oh man, saw Palm Middle,
saw it on the Palm Middle, okay?
Saw your Palm Middle, when it was pretty ugly,
too, by the way, simply,
126, 560 WQAM.
OW.
Well, we're good, what are you doing coming to live here?
Let's go.
There's another place where theLord's gonna live
a building worth towards.
I don't know where a stokey goes. I can see how there was some confusion
between humans or an unit horse. And an Arkansas that turns either back
means to her naked stars reportedly to go in blind.
That's the reason he was working hard late nights in the overrear
of this working on a practical joke. He took a maximum noodle
put an explode in, load in for a monitor was blowing rings a smoke.
He was a little bit more nervous. He was a little bit more nervous
He was a little bit more nervous. He was a little bit more nervous
because he was a little bit more nervous.
The killer he's been made a fool of by a husband. Feel that hillery was wrong
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was born in, born in Al Gore was doing her with bills
old bombs. Outrageous.
Bill's the cause of Monica's vagina.
All right.
Every cricket time he makes a wiggle Monica is not the kind you can do in
thought behind but us a car and her vagina she told my wife.
But Jory and I really get my panties in a while.
Oh yeah.
What you gotta do is take a sip of reload.
And put it in a crowd.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Why do we make your bullet Michael Jordan we care for basketball?
Oh my god.
132-560 WQA.
I just can't wait. I can't wait for Barry Jackass' call.
The sports station didn't put this on the air. This is a disgrace.
We ought to have a congressional investigation. Let's get Ken star on top of it.
Here's Dave the couple. Stick him on him.
Are you doing?
Okay sir. Happy new year to you.
Back to you.
You know go back a few years when they when they all the hypocrites in the Republican party were picking on Clinton in the military
and all the issue that he draftivated and all that.
Well it wasn't until they found out that Phil Graham Rushlin bought new
Gingrich didn't serve either when they could have.
And that Pat Robertson was so far behind lines in Korea that he might as well have been in Hawaii.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He was too busy impregnating his would be wife.
Yeah well Bob Barr should be an abortion too right?
He is.
Well you probably read about that.
Listen anyway.
You know no matter clan rally he didn't like.
Exactly.
Yesterday you somebody was matching the Pope coming to St. Louis in the summer.
That's because the Cardinal came to the left hand the power hitter.
Yeah.
Yeah.
From the crowd can't help the Cardinals I'll tell you that.
You never know.
From the Gratney going to the Macarena.
Which is the best way to go once you hit the sawgrass.
From the Gratney or taking the Grammy.
Let's say the Gratney I guess to the Palmetta or something.
What's the best way?
Oh you got to come up the sawgrass.
Okay sawgrass to where?
The best way.
I mean the only way that I know is to get off its sunrise and then go up to 136 Panther Parkway and make a left.
Panther Parkway.
I mean you can't get on right from the expressway but I don't think you want to do that.
Okay leave me.
And one final note in honor of the big news of Adam the lifeguard with Taylor and Charles Nelson Ryan Lee's birthday.
Can you please begin a freeway?
Have a great day.
Thank you.
What do you ask for?
No.
We have an open line today at 567-0560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Take it off.
Take it off right now.
Take it off right now.
Yeah just to get in a little further.
Okay.
Take it off your phone.
Okay come on.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Oh yeah.
What's going on over there?
So you have some kind of orgy there?
What?
Where are you sticking at cigar?
No man.
That's a good thing.
God man.
What is it?
No.
No.
We're going to have something very important and worthwhile.
I mean we'll call you back another time.
Okay.
No.
No.
No.
Look here.
Did anybody mention about that Shendler guy with the worst dress thing?
The one?
The guy that does the best dress and worst dress of 98 or something like that?
No.
Okay.
He mentioned something about Linda Tripp.
And he said that Linda Tripp looked like a sheet dog dressed and dried.
I think that all dog lovers all over America on a protest.
We ought to pick it whoever said that.
Yeah.
Anyway that's all I ask for you.
Thank you very much.
We'll go back to whatever sound like you were having a good time.
Okay.
Quartz Quartz.
Open line and Broward 560560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's obvious.
You can tell just by looking at Lucienne Goldberg and Linda Tripp, you can see what well-adjusted
wonderful great human beings they are, right?
Am I right about that?
Or what?
I don't know what it is.
I'm just a little on the, I'm looking over here and I'm not even seeing straight.
Here's a mobile and aventura.
Hello?
Mobile and aventura.
Nail?
Yes sir.
Okay.
I just wanted to say to all my ultra conservative friends that they might want to wrap themselves
around the idea of just loosening up their butts a little bit to break them.
Yeah just think about this.
I mean they keep saying it doesn't have anything to do about sex.
Well how does it not have anything to do with sex?
Another thing with Clinton.
The whole thing is they were looking for a way to nail them and they caught them with this pantaloonies down
and they put them in a position where he was damned if he didn't then if he wasn't.
There was nothing else he could say but try to be evasive and play award games and everybody knew that.
They wanted an element of the corner and then much so they're dismayed they find out that most of the American public didn't care
and they still don't care if he's screwing around.
Yeah I mean they've been trying ever since he got an office and started with white water.
I mean where are the indictments?
There's no indictment against them.
No, not against him, not against the Hill of Swillery, right?
Yeah until Monica Lewinsky but it's not about sex.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Hey don't confuse them with the facts okay?
I mean no matter how good the economy is no matter what's going on in the world no matter how many people are working
don't confuse them with these things.
Because this is a bad guy and we know that good Christian right wing Republicans don't do these things unless Larry Flynn finds out about it.
I say let's end and then let me say it again that jackass that called before such a typical asshole.
Well all you left wingers out there and this is yet Larry Flynn looked like a vegetable.
So they would be like my coming on here and say Chris Reeves looks like a vegetable okay or playing some stupid comedy bit about Chris Reeves in a wheelchair.
20 23 205 50 WQ AM.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Coming soon to a theater near you.
Chris Reeves is Superman Superman 5.
Well tell Superman superman quick Jimmy Olsen is drowning.
Hey here comes Superman here he comes.
He's in a wheelchair.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah that'll call you supergimp.
Get out of here you freak.
Oh oh Clark.
Nothing's happening.
Get on top of me.
Oh truck.
Ow.
I see evil son.
I will be visiting out a way to defeat Superman.
We've we've tripped a night.
No.
Spips.
Superman 5.
A search for a bigger doorway.
Rolling into a theater near you.
Look at this.
I would have placed something in your face.
That would be like calling a little bit of vegetable.
That would be a real bunch of crap.
We have an open line of days 5 6705 60.
560 on the AT&T wireless.
Michael Jordan will retire for backsyball today.
Anybody care?
No.
Thank you.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I was wondering when you retire for years, do you think QAM will give George your shell?
I have no idea.
Can I think you guys are making them a very good talk to us?
We have one?
He does.
Yes.
Oh George does.
One day he'll be doing his show Monday for Martin Luther King Day.
Yes.
I can't wait to be doing his show on Black History.
If I am African American by the way.
No you're not.
You're black.
Not African.
The police don't say that.
I feel so bad when you say that.
Why?
Because there's no such thing.
My parents were born in Africa.
What do you mean they're in that make?
And I haven't asked you an asking name.
Yeah.
What do you have an African first name?
No.
Oh see there you go.
No.
So I can't wait for that so.
I'm coming about the present.
Yes sir.
I like the present a lot.
Because then a great job.
Yeah.
I mean like you say he does have a lot of enemies and they were looking just to bring him down.
I mean if he sneezes he's going to look at him.
Right.
Yeah.
I mean when did you think he'd just be a little more careful?
What he does?
Exactly.
Look careless and the desperate one.
You're ready to be ice princess and haven't got laden 14 years.
You tend to be careless and desperate.
You tend to get it wherever you can.
Whenever you can.
You know what I'm saying?
So I'll leave his fault.
And so that's right.
Play that bitch.
Now she's going to be a senator from New York.
They're saying it in 2000.
How do you like that?
Not.
How do I say pal?
That's true.
Okay.
That was a wonderful black collar.
Please don't say African American.
I'm begging you.
Stop saying that.
All my brothers and sisters and whatever you are out there.
Stop saying that.
Two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line.
Just spread the word.
Okay.
That's an evil thing invented by the white man.
That whole African American lie that the bull crab.
And I had Alex Hayley on my show by the way he's not feeling too good right now anymore.
He was white.
Here's the mobile and curl spring.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes.
I'm going to tie an Irish American.
Uh-huh.
I have a question.
I have a Jewish Polish Russian bag.
I wanted to make a point about preview.
I'm the power call and said it's not about the fact that he lied.
Oh yeah.
They have no right to keep it a same line with Periky.
Yes.
Go ahead.
I was going to say they have no right even asking them those questions under.
Oh, of course not.
It's not.
What kind of a thing is that?
What kind of a talk about a porn show with Ken Stark?
Well, where did she put the word that he put the cigar?
Was it a typical roll all of it?
What are we talking about here?
It's against the law and I'm going to how many states that have sex with your wife or whatever in any other position in the missionary.
Right.
And by the way, adultery is a misdemeanor in the state of Georgia.
So Bob Barr is a criminal.
I think everybody should know that.
You know, which leads me to the question why?
She is not deny.
Why did he's attorneys even let him answer these questions?
Yes.
Bad attorneys.
Very bad attorneys.
How do you like that?
It's close to show you how many crappy attorneys there are in this country.
When you're the president of the United States and you still have crappy attorneys, what does that tell you?
Yeah, well, I think they're in on it.
And by the way, remember that the Bob Bennett was the big fat Bill Bennett's brother, that Bob Bennett was the first thing you haven't seen him lately, right?
Yeah.
Well, I hope Larry Flynn brings them all down.
And I'm a registered Republican, which I'll be changing my party, too.
Beauty, have a great day, pal.
You too, pal.
Bless you.
There's another registry Republican.
He's changing that, baby, because he's fed up.
He's pissed off and fired up for however that goes.
He's had it with the hypocrisy of these.
And see, that's where this all came from.
That's where this all comes from.
Instead of concentrating on the important things on the business of the country and trying to make life livable for everybody a little bit.
Instead of worrying about that, oh, we got to condemn.
We're holier than now.
We're better than the word, good Christians after all.
Oh, for like, I've told you for a hundred years, as soon as somebody tells you that start laughing and you're asked off and run like a son of a bitch.
You grab your passport, real tight and squeeze it.
And the passport, too.
This whole movement, man, the whole thing is sick and twisted and pathetic, just like these assholes that call this show.
Oh, a lot of Christian and the Christian coalition, we're going to have you off here.
Why?
Why aren't you out there helping people going to a hospital and helping sick people?
Why aren't you out there raising money for charity for people who need your help?
Instead of worrying about getting somebody off the air who has the audacity to express something that you don't like.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
And by the way, it's the 13th of January.
Am I off the air yet?
No.
No, I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart, that bitch.
Remember that bitch?
From the Christian coalition?
Oh, yes.
You'll be off by the end of the year.
You're finished.
No.
You're going to be in that lake of fire, sweetheart.
It's going to be a hot time in the old town tonight, for your night after night after night.
You talk about a little burning rash on the chin.
Your post is going to be burning for centuries.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Nail?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Long time listening there for a time calling.
Great.
I saw the show yesterday with Larry King and the guy Bob Barr.
Yeah.
The one thing that was missing was someone yelling out, uh, what was it?
It puts the embryo in the basket.
That wouldn't be bad.
No, no, no.
One quick favor.
Yes, sir.
Have you already played that Lyman the Coconut song to that particular phrase?
Lyman the Coconut.
Yeah, put the Lyman the Coconut and drink it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket, huh?
Oh, lotion.
Have you played that one?
I think I was going to play it now.
I didn't get around it, but I will.
If you get around to that, I appreciate that.
Okay.
And I'm great.
Okay.
Well, at least they put the stiff in the casket.
How's your temperature doing, by the way?
See, the Michael Jordan thing is just like the geodermagio thing.
There were important well-known celebrities who die every day, especially when they get
to be 85 and they change smoked all their lives and they got one along.
You know what they got some problems.
But geodermagio was sick and he was in the hospital and he was dying over there.
And all of a sudden the meaty became psychotic about this.
Every five minutes we have to add another update.
Oh, yeah, a good BM and I'll add a bad BM.
And then he finally even got sick of it and said, cut the crap already, will you?
And they said, okay, we haven't heard a word about it since.
And thank God I feel better just knowing that I'm not hearing about it.
I mean, I know it's tough to accept, but some day geodermagio is going to croak.
And it's the same thing with Michael Jordan.
Okay, he's not playing anymore.
Okay.
Life is going to go on.
And there are a lot of people really upset because, you know, financially it may have hurt
him in a pocket book, but you know something that will probably make more money for these people
in the long run than ever before.
Like that Mark McGuire baseball that was auctioned off over $3 million last night.
That they had to interrupt the regular news to stick that on by the way I'm CNN.
Oh, yeah, that was big important stuff.
So maybe Michael's balls would be worth a lot more now than they used to be, huh?
Here's a mobile e-in-for-lotter deal.
Hello.
Yeah, I hate me all you doing.
Okay, sir.
Good. I'm the first time follower and enjoying your show today.
And I had a comment on the Clinton situation.
Exactly.
He raised an fairly conservative Republican family.
And last election I actually voted for Clinton.
I'm so sick of these right-wing Christians that are ruined in our damn country.
And now, if I represent...
Why does the Republican Party and now they're trying to destroy the whole goddamn country?
Yeah, they are.
They're ruining everything.
I mean, I was over in Europe for the holidays and, you know, people are laughing at us.
Yeah.
And the embarrassing that the goddamn president can't have a private life,
get a damn blowjob.
Right.
Who cares?
The whole country does not care about it, except these right-wing Christian Republicans.
And then when the government is there, they're going to come it out.
They're getting more blow jobs than anybody.
Exactly. And then he's the month of crap.
But the main thing is, is why the hell won't these senators and representatives vote for what the hell the public wants?
That's what they're supposed to be doing.
Because you don't know, you don't understand.
I mean, the fixes in the pressure is so tremendous from all the money that's behind
with Richard Mellon's cape and with all these right-wingers who put Ken Startup in the first place.
The pressure is so enormous behind them.
I mean, it's like at a football game, you drive 98 yards down the field, you get to the two-yard line.
And, you know, while you still have a breath, you're not going to give up at that point.
That's the way they look at it.
They figure they got them right on the ropes and they're not going to give up easy.
Hey, Ken Starts should be putting jail for all the $50 million he spent in all this crap he's done to the country.
And if you read the, if you didn't see it in the Herald this morning, I read it before.
Their lead editorial was right on target. This man is a terrorist.
Yeah, I believe that. I'll tell you.
I hope it changes. I don't think until the public really revolves, we're going to see the same crap going on.
I mean, they can go out and blow up abortion clinics, killed by actors, and that's okay.
Have you ever understand Michael Jordan, we cared for basketball, so we got to get our priorities in order.
Yeah, really. I tell you something's wrong. Hopefully we can change it. I appreciate your comments.
Have a great day. You too.
151 is 560 WQA and we have an open line at Broward 560.
But we're going to solve the problems of the political business.
We're going to solve the problems of meals, nothing on his neck.
We're going to solve all the problems of the economy.
We're going to solve the problems of Brazil and the stock market.
We're going to, are we going to do those things? No.
But it sounds good.
I could just be a little more like Mike Siegel up there in Seattle and be a sanctimonious bald headed geek like Mike Siegel.
Nine minutes or like Boca-Brion. Nine minutes before, well, just the bald headed part, geek part.
Nine before, two at 560 WQA. I know he was sitting back there.
Well, he likes the attention. Okay, he likes us to mention the other areas. He got his check. He's happy.
Oh, he's that little hair on there too. I think what's your name? So it's a man.
