4th Radio 560 WQAM Miami 4 Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show
to an engineer called 560 560 toll free for date and rarer
or pound 560 on your cell phone.
Oh, no!
Opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show
did not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM
will be ice-coop-o-mo!
Will I'm Jerry Paul Will on the ride hands of God?
And when I woke up today I put my TV on and instead of happily
or CNN I saw a purple creature with a gay sign on his head.
It was an upset down-try angle purple pinky winky.
Upside down-try angle purple pinky winky.
Upside down-try angle purple pinky winky.
Hey, tellers, howling.
Where is just when I saw planes, couldn't get work?
I know the sea was carrying a little first-now.
How can they call this a children's show?
I'm gonna be purple but I have a brown hole.
He has an upside-down child and a purple pinky winky.
Upside down-try angle purple pinky winky.
I'd love to drink your balls.
The purple pinky winky.
Hey, tellers, howling.
Well, most of our Christian times is hard to believe.
But on the tellers tell me something is a TV screen.
It had a purple pinky pointing straight at me.
That was blowing a noise through the hole in the sink.
Court, court.
Oh, my pinky.
10 or 2 is 560 WQM.
Happy Wednesday to it.
No ball game today, by the way.
No Marlins game.
Oh, Jesus.
What are we going to do about that?
The good news is, though, next Thursday and Friday,
back to back two days in a row, Marlins baseball at 1250.
Activision style.
Yeah.
Anybody listen to that game yesterday?
No.
That the Marlins lost again.
By the way, I'm driving home yesterday.
I want to get towards into a problem.
I just mentioned this in passing because it wasn't your fault.
Well, partly.
I mean, we want to apologize for that mind-spring spot where I'm promoting something
that happened like, let's say November, December, about five months ago.
Does anybody on the station care about that?
No.
We don't care.
Just give us the money, OK?
Just send in the money.
Just pay your bill.
We don't care that we get a lot of old, outdated misinformation on.
That's the QAMFN way.
That's the Greg Rieway.
Bad news today, by the way, is the QAM Death Watch continues?
What has been up?
A very, very tough year.
It's only the, what is it?
10th and March.
What is the eyes of March?
That's the 15th.
I think this is all has to do with the eyes of March, don't you?
You can have something to do with that.
All these people dying like flies.
So this morning I come in, I said it towards you.
You see who died and I mentioned the name and he said, who?
What is wrong with you?
I mean, am I dating myself that, I mean, the thieves keep...
Well, I hate to break the news to you.
I know this is going to offend some of those sports nerds out there.
By the way, we got a new golf and croquet show starting Monday morning and the morning show.
But at any rate, this person that died yesterday was much more significant.
Not that she was all that great, but I mean significant in my life because I saw her perform on TV over and over again.
She was okay.
I liked her.
She was annoying.
Peggy Cass is dead.
How do you like that?
So what I'm trying to say, she was much more meaningful in my life than Joe D'Amaggio,
because I never saw Joe D'Amaggio play a baseball game.
I don't care about his Mr. Coffee spots and about Paul Simon and that song,
and that we had five syllables in his name, so the name fit in there.
Well, what has that had to that change my life in any way?
No.
So perform, of course not.
But Peggy Cass, she was on to tell the truth.
Now, the obituary here says,
Peggy Cass, a comic actress who appeared in many movies and Broadway shows,
died on Monday in Memorial Sloan Academy Hospital, New York City.
She was 74.
She appeared in dozens of films and stage productions,
but is perhaps best known for her role as Agnes Gouche,
the secretary in the stage show Mame,
and its movie adaptation, Anti-Mame.
She won a Tony Award for the role and was nominated for an Academy Award,
which I didn't know any of that.
She was an honest, candid and witty woman once described in the globe as an
insistent chatterbox who oozes razzamataise, whatever that means.
Her exuberance made her an actual for TV.
She was a panelist on to tell the truth,
and was Jack Parse sidekick on his late night TV show.
That's why I remember Peggy Cass from.
You don't remember the Jack Parse show, punk?
See, that was a show.
Alexander King, he used to have all kinds of witty and wonderful and neat
and freaky and bizarre people, Charlie Weaver.
Remember Charlie Weaver, Cliff Arquette,
which Hollywood squirre would not have been squat without him.
And Ananoniko, so there, how do you like that?
Peggy Cass is dead.
Much more significant.
We're going to be doing a survey today to see how many dead game show people we can list.
Dead or alive, Panamon Quiz, Mike Stooky, I bet you he's dead.
Tom's Conread, Hermione Gingold, I bet you that the old bag is dead.
See, this is what getting a little bit older is all about.
It's looking around at these names and seeing all these people dead.
They're all up there doing that big game show in the sky.
Jack Barry, dead.
Oi!
What was his name?
Colin.
What was his name on the Al-Alai, Colin?
Bill Colin.
What am I saying that?
I got him confused with Alan Loven, which I apologize to Bill, although Alan didn't have it in a wooden leg.
Bill, I would say Bill Colin was the greatest game show host in TV history.
Did you like Bill Colin?
I don't remember.
You don't remember Bill Colin?
You joking, aren't you?
You remember Peggy Cass when I mentioned to tell the truth you've seen the old game shows?
You didn't remember Bill Colin?
No.
With a wooden leg?
He was on the Dick Clark branched out from the $10,000 pyramid.
They didn't get the $25,000 pyramid.
He was the host of that.
He probably hosted more TV game shows than anybody else I almost said alive.
All anybody else who ever lived.
I know you're talking about it.
Glasses?
Right.
From Pittsburgh, he always used to say dollars because he had that heavy western pencil in your accent.
Eight million dollars?
I guess it was eight dollars.
No, they used to give away.
Bill Colin, dead.
Alan Ludden, she's dead.
Even Bert Convey, which I hated.
What was the name of that show?
The Bert Convey hosted.
He was bad.
I hated Bert Convey.
He was annoying.
In fact, I hate to say that it doesn't bother me that he's dead.
He'd rather be like a brain aneurysm, something like that.
Right?
So you said this, Lordy?
Dead game show people.
And by the way, speaking of lists, get a great letter from Tom in the cruel spring of this morning.
tying in with the stuff we were talking about with music the other day.
Here are the top 10 most overrated recording artists of all time.
And generally speaking, it's a pretty good list with one exception.
Not bad, Tom.
Number one, right on target.
The most overrated singer, recording artist of all time.
Frank Sinatra.
Oh, yeah.
Number two, Madonna.
Oh.
Number three.
Gloria Estefan.
Oh.
Yes.
Number four, share.
Number five, Rod Stewart.
Oh.
I don't know.
I must be psychic because coming to work this morning, I was thinking about, I was listening to my aerosmith, of course.
And I was thinking about people, silly people who couldn't see the right of a paper sack and people go schlep and see them in concert.
Rod Stewart.
Seriously, I would put golf and croquet ahead of Rod Stewart.
Tatltael.
Thank you very much.
They call it with Bert Convey.
He was, that was a bad show too, by the way.
Number six, Stevie Nicks.
Most overrated.
Couldn't sing a word of a paper sack.
Can't understand a freaking word she was saying.
Number seven, Michael Bolton.
Oh, yeah.
Don't tell that to anybody over there on the coast.
Number eight, Kenny Rogers.
Oh.
Yep.
But number nine, the monkeys.
Number 10, Willie Nelson, which I agree he couldn't sing.
But it was that mood ring that made him into a big star.
But number nine, the monkeys.
The monkeys had some good music.
And Michael Nasemith was a real musician and a real singer.
And the rest of them were like, you know, actors, actors, right.
And although they did do their show, the TV show was widely acclaimed with all those sight gags and the very innovative.
I liked it when I was like, eight.
Yeah, you just like David Jones.
That's right.
I like David Jones till I found out that it was, it didn't smell too good.
Well, he wound up in that flop house in London somewhere.
He wound up just where he belonged like a guy with no talent.
But that's a pretty good list.
Thanks for not here.
And I would also add, by the way, not meaning that not good, but talking about in terms of how much they were overrated.
The Beatles and Elvis Presley.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I know.
See, there you go again.
Got a great Steve Tyler stirrer there, which sure we mentioned yesterday.
Do we want to see Steve Tyler naked?
No, no, no, don't want to see his penis.
We've seen every other part of him because he's generally, and I'll tell you if we're guided.
And what is he about 76? Did all those drugs not too bad from the chin?
There was cubes not too bad kept.
You know, seriously, wouldn't most people like at the age of 86 like to have a body like that?
But we don't want to see Steve Tyler's penis doing.
No, no.
Are you Aaron?
Like this.
TV next.
The distinctive voice of Fleetwood Mac.
Her style is unforgettable.
Her lyrics are unintelligible.
Where did you learn how to play rock?
Where did you learn how to play rock?
GD's back with all your favorite hits on one big album.
It's Stevie Nicks.
What the hell is she saying?
Still right, never bad, never bad.
Never bad, never bad.
Never bad, never bad.
Never bad, never bad.
Yes, all her classics are here.
You'll get these, these, these, and the incomparable.
Yeah.
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.
Kichitaleer, remumble, borce, carry-o, inaudibility.
This is Stevie Nicks, at her most nethy of us.
Stevie Nicks, what the hell is she saying?
A bit of a bow, what incoherent records and takes?
I remember when I looked at her, the recording of all the time
and some Jack asked, called in and said,
Fleetwood Mack and I went, oh, how could anybody say that
was a straight phrase?
I like to, I'm not saying I didn't like them,
but one of the 10 best recording groups of all time,
that would be like saying, air supply was,
and I like air supply a lot.
What, you don't like air supply?
Oh my god.
What, for 20 or 30 seconds at a time?
So anyway, speaking of that, just briefly, just briefly.
It says, I love the headline on this one.
I'll, on page two and I heard this one.
Which I'll get to the arrow in a second, by the way,
bunch of pandering phones.
Please spare us a sentence with Stevie Tyler's picture underneath.
I can't do that.
I'm sorry.
I said, would you like to see new pictures of Steven Tyler?
No.
Squatty Steven Tyler?
No.
50 year old Steven Tyler?
No.
Yeah, it says.
How I eat with 20 years after it.
Yeah.
Like that.
The lead singer of Erosmith is kicking up a fuss over naughty photos
his ex-wife wants to publish in a memoir.
Tyler, whose last name is Tyler Ricotta, said Kathleen Tyler Ricotta was supposed to give
him photos as part of their divorce agreement, 87.
Last summer he said he saw a news item indicating she planned to publish pornographic pictures
in a book.
In other words, Steve Tyler's penis.
Tyler said the photos would embarrass and harm him.
Well, of course, only he knows how much they'd embarrass him.
Our judge granted the temporary restrainment of against publication, television, was settled
in trials.
Tyler Ricotta, an actress at the Screep Centers on one of two campy photographs that he and
I took of each other in the book.
It is amazing.
I mean, why would anybody?
We've already seen, he's always running around with his shirt off or his shirt wide open
and his, you know, we've seen, and like I said, for a guy that's 96, his body is not too
bad.
For a guy that was on drugs for seven years straight and never came up for air supply.
But I mean, we don't know nobody wants to see his penis.
See, I know this comes as a great shock to you.
And there's a whole class of people out there to each its own, but they find that a body
part by itself is stimulating.
You know, it's like that whole glory whole concept.
You know, I mean, God only knows what might be on the other side.
But again, the people that are into that whole scene, they don't care what's on the other
side.
That's the terrifying part.
Oh my God, it's a penis.
Yeah, but what's it connected to?
Oh, who cares about that?
And of course, if it's a big penis, who cares what it's connected to, even like Al Goldstein?
Just like when we're doing the thing with a Brad Pitt pictures, guess what?
Brad Pitt, who, you know, when it got to blonde hair dye and a whole deal, does look pretty
good for an old aging guy.
But you know, so we've got a long thin penis, kind of like a pencil.
Wow, man, am I stimulated by that.
And then Rob Lowe, remember the video circulating about Rob Lowe?
By the way, it didn't work, Rob.
Didn't work too well.
We're trying to butcher up his image.
That damn bag of I can't stand it.
Yeah, you still look pretty, Rob, but you still, you know, we all know.
Big though.
Yeah, he had it for, you know, for a slim slender guy.
Of course, those are the ones, the slim skinny guys, like the Dutch, the tall skinny guys.
Wow, hung like a moose.
But I've never been able to my whole life to understand it.
Why the, it's like breath, it's the same thing.
You know, I mean, bossy, the cow has got big breasts too.
But are you attracted to her?
Yeah, that's what I was afraid of.
Yeah, anything with the poor nipples.
No, seriously, there are people who are like just in their size queens, you know.
Or even if it's not size, just if it happens to look like the right shape and texture,
or whatever, who cares what it's connected to?
And by the way, if anybody wonders about the tremendous divorce rate in this country,
that piece that I was talking about on date line when they were doing the thing with a chop off
of the cellulite, when you see the way that people, not just women, but men and women,
let themselves get out of shape.
Now, I know you love somebody, you've married them, a better or worse, and fat or a skinnier
hover that goes, but I mean, let's face it, it might be a little bit difficult for some
guys to go home or vice versa and hop in the sack and get really worked up to a ladder
about that porcupine cellulite loaded thing that's got more fat on the back of its legs
than most of us have in our bodies, including fat meat.
Man, that one brought the head under.
She was, I'm serious, she was grotesque.
She had fat on her toes, that's how fat disputes were.
She made fat boy upstairs look like Ripple Stiltskin.
Here's Coral Springs, hello.
Where have you gone, old soccer ballers, don't you think of only without you?
Okay, great, thanks, DFO, DFO, Dylan, is any jacket in the material.
By the way, speaking of hockey, nice performance last night, they didn't, they missed the bus,
the plane, the bus, the charter, whatever they were showing up in Boston, and then the
articles in the paper this morning, oh, Terry Murray was so upset with the officiating,
you know something, it really didn't make any difference, whether the officiating was
bad, whether the second goal was legitimate or not, because when you don't score any
goals, you're not going to win too many games.
Big game of the year, did they show up?
No.
Not in the least bit, not even the tiniest, most minute effort last night, pathetic, tragic.
There are a shout, what was it, about 315, something like that?
The playoff hopes of your panthers are looking dimmer and grimmer as each moment without Pavel
Burry goes by.
Oh, it's speaking by the way of people with photos, so the sports illustrated and I'm not
sure which issue it is, Pavel Burry, they'd went out and
it's Fort Lauderdale home on the beach there, which I forget the name of the development
where he lives now, but they did a whole shoot on the beach and there's going to be an
bathing suit.
I think it was in a thong, but nevertheless, seriously, they did a whole thing of Pavel
Burry, now of course that raises a lot of questions in your mind.
We have two open lines in Broward, 566, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line, two editorials
in today's newspapers, by the way, about the Orioles playing the baseball and Cuba.
I mean, this is classic, we should frame these because, you know, the sun sent those
are pretty crappy paper.
They can't get the hockey standings right by the way.
At least have 77 points and 36 when you got a wrong guy.
You got the right score in there, but you know, they just can't get anything right.
But the sun sentinel is marginal as it is.
It's still heads and shoulders above the pandering hero by a million miles.
They have an editorial in the sun sentinel this morning says Cuba, US baseball diplomacy
offers way to promote goodwill.
And by the way, Michael Mayo wrote a whole column this morning and stole it from this
show about the Chinese and about the Berlin Olympic Games with Jesse Owens and Hitler.
Everything that's in your column, Michael Mayo, is still having a call to apologize about
Dave Halberstin, but you're listening right now, you phony and you're not Jewish either.
We don't believe you stole a whole show from a column from the show again yesterday.
But anyway, Cuba, US baseball diplomacy offers way to promote goodwill.
And it says the playing field will be rich with symbolism of the Orioles playing exhibition
game in Cuba this month.
For the first time in 40 years, US major league players will stand in a Havana down and competing
against Cuba's national team millions of Cuban fans who follow US major league baseball
religiously, even though they're state controlled media bands, it will get a long way to treat.
And on it goes.
And yeah, it's like now we play ping pong with a Chinese.
We played chess with the Russians.
And there you go.
We're playing baseball with the Cubans.
Gotta get with the people.
Forget about governments.
Okay.
You gotta get in there and mingle with the people.
But the hero, of course, I see I saw this one first.
Then I opened it immediately.
The hero that it's real page.
And I thought, God, I wonder if they've got some comment on this because I know exactly
what it'll be.
And you know what?
I was absolutely correct.
Yeah.
It says trials and errors.
Repression and baseball in Cuba playing ball amid rampant repression is most foul.
Oh, and it goes on about the Salvadoran accused of bombing hotels in Cuba when on trial
and event on Monday.
The timing is no accident.
Cuba's regime wants the world to forget about Los Cuatro.
The four respected dissidents tried and secret exactly a week earlier.
Forget nothing.
And it goes on and on and on about the repression and the killing and the this and the that and
the crackdowns.
And what happened to the State Department's insistence that no money go to the Cuban regime.
Now it says profits will be small and mainly go to baseball and sports related programs
in both countries.
What does that mean?
And why set the first game in Havana without even a date for the game in Baltimore?
Worst of all, the spectacle of American players celebrating this baseball outfit while Cuban
dissidents sitting jail for simply speaking out the truth as if the United States found
repression acceptable.
That kind of baseball diplomacy is simply foul says the pandering herald as they continue
Bapapapapa on and on.
Pandering the way constituency that I'll say it again like I said yesterday hates them
like poison wishes they would die.
She I don't know how they stand business the herald because the Jews we all hate the
world because we know how rampantly anti-Semitic they are I mean openly.
And the Cubans hate them like poison because even the Cubans aren't fooled by their pandering
and phony you know bullcrap.
So who is it?
I guess it must be all the red necks must by the hero that must be you know of course
in Dave County.
So the herald is digging homestead and cutlerage.
Now there's no red necks in cutleridge anymore they forced them all down there in a ranger.
Who now does buy the herald?
Here's Miami hello.
Hey Neil yes sir speaking of the herald have you ever heard Edwin Pope speak yes it's
like Truman Capote and him.
He not only sounds like him he looks like oh my god I've always said Evan Pope is the
Truman Capote of sports.
Oh did you know that I just I just said okay well anyway Neil about the about the
five-minute Garf Uncle saw yes what about Moe?
Have you gone Joe Jackie Robinson about Moe's eat that too full yeah I just don't have
you gone Moe's eat and not too many syllables.
No it's it's the right amount of syllable.
Moe's eat that too no.
Okay Neil.
Doesn't have the same kind of eliteration.
I'm not a material.
Here's his rose of El.
Okay.
Okay.
We have an open line in day two of Broward 5 6 7 Jackie Moe's death where have you gone
Jackie Moe's death no that's okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 animal mobile one line.
Most overrated recording artists of all time come on let's hear your opinions today we
got an opinion on anything.
Great quesial people how come they're not calling about Bill Cullen he's dead.
Did you know look at all the people we've lost of course he's been dead a long time but
look at all the people just since we've been on this station Frank Sinatra died.
Oi.
Princess Diana like while we were in the limbo there.
Oi.
Gianni Versace died.
Dead.
Who else Stanley Kubrick the other day.
Oi.
Jean Sisko who we liked a lot.
Oi.
Joe the Magiola and Peggy Cass who also died in the interim here of note Chris Farley.
Oi.
Huh.
John Candy I said when did he die.
Like three years ago like I said that's old he's dead a long time.
That's not go too far back.
We have to go far back a lot of these like Moses and Abraham Solomon.
I take any bulls**t on there.
Why do you get me.
Everybody's on the side.
Why do you get me.
We go.
Everybody's on the side.
People will panic when murder and hide it.
I read that in a magazine.
In a comic book store.
If you believe it's the end of the world.
And these are markets, ration again.
Or do we put a man in the long time.
I'm jumping over.
1031 at 560.
Double to QN the Broward lines died during a break of course 560, 560 and 560 on the mobile
one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil how's it going.
Okay, sir.
What's the big mystery is with Joe DiMaggio.
I mean, you know, that's face.
The guy was gay.
Is that it?
Well, you know, I think so.
Every interview you see on TV, it's like nobody knew him.
Nobody could talk to him.
What was the hiding?
He had like four marriages each one lasted about six months.
Maybe he had a small penis.
Well, probably.
That's true.
I mean, him and Tyler probably had a lot in common.
Maybe they were doing each other.
Well, you never know.
I mean, with Tyler, I mean, come on, he probably did him.
But, you know, there's more angle bird together.
It's been living with him for like the past 20 years.
Yeah.
Nobody asked any questions about that.
Yeah, I think we better start an investigation.
Let's get more in poverty, John, right away.
Okay, good thought, pal.
We have an open line in day two in Broward, 560, 560 and Palm 560 on the mobile one line.
Because we know that heterosexuals of course are never reclusive.
I'll tell you, heterosexual was real reclusive was Jackie Gleason.
And I remember those days, I remember vividly like it was last night at Pompo-no Park,
which I was near last night.
But if I would have been, I could think back way down there in the front by the glass in the club house.
He always had the front table right on the finish line and didn't want to be bothered by anybody.
And see, I can understand that.
I noticed, come is a great shock.
Like, oh, you know, when Joe Demager was in arrest, Ron, he didn't want eight million people coming up to him, bugging him.
What a concept.
How many times have I told you?
I can't even begin to imagine what it could be like to be somebody like really famous.
Because just me, you know, I go into public, and they're all very friendly.
It's nice. Any, that's nice. I like that.
That, that's, you know, makes you feel good.
But I mean, when you're like a real major celebrity and people are, you can't go anywhere without being like,
overrun by a bunch of butt suckers, where I was bothering you for autographs and just bugging to live in crap audio.
You can't go to the story, you can't go to a restaurant.
I can't even imagine how those people live.
And maybe that's one of the reasons that most of those people wind up being so screwed up could be.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Oh, hello now.
Yes, sir.
Not mobile.
That's probably the end of the year today.
I can smell it.
Yeah, this is one of your Miami Julios over here.
Enjoy your show as usual.
Yes, sir.
And a couple of points.
One on Mr. Tyler's penis.
Yeah.
Don't be too down on it.
Because when you check out a couple of daughters he produced that.
There's got to be some sort of magic there.
Yeah, well, don't take a big one to produce a daughter.
That's what I have to never know.
Also, when you think about it, there's a lot worse looking people that we could have to be subjected to those pictures too.
Yeah.
You know, come to mind the rolling stone.
Yeah, we don't want to see McJaggers penis that's not supposed to be.
I'll keep Richard.
No, he died and nobody's told him.
I think he's definitely dead.
Yeah, I think his penis definitely died.
So that might be another, let's get it like a list of all.
Okay, list of all the people who's penis you don't want to see.
Okay, like Boobshambi.
We have an open line a day to a drawer at 5.67.
They're like this week.
What is it?
When's they already?
Only Wednesday.
5.67.05.60.
0.5.60 on a mobile one line.
One more time.
I was right by the way.
Absolutely.
Absolutely correct.
Big, big song of the dance.
Who's that bitch that's on a CBS morning show now?
They wouldn't leave well enough alone.
They had Paul Zahn and Harry Smith on there.
Even with that big fat Rolly Poli Mark McEwan.
I don't care how bad their ratings were.
That was a pretty good show.
I used to watch it even if nobody else did.
As opposed to Good Morning America and that real pasty watery
Today show on NBC with that boring Matt Lauer.
But anyway, so they got some brought on it.
And I notice also what's his name is.
I don't find him on there anymore.
Mr. I have no personality, but my brothers are congressmen.
Lincoln D. S. Boulart's brother.
What the hell was his name?
They used to be on local TV until they left him out of town.
Pepe.
No, seriously.
What the hell was the P.P. Boulard?
P.P. this.
But anyway, I don't see him on there anymore.
They finally wise up.
But anyway, the broad that's on there.
She's got some chubby doctor.
That's the beautiful part of this.
Here's this woman who's like some kind of a nutrition diet
is whatever she is.
And she's fat.
She's short and squat.
In fact, she looked like a young Peggy cast.
Look what happened to Peggy's sweetheart.
And anyway, she's talking about this study that is the big news.
Like this is big news.
See, they lied to you.
Like the thing about fiber that came out a few weeks ago.
Remember that?
Fiber has got nothing to do with colon cancer
with anything when you come right down to it.
Big headline.
They finally figured out what fiber does.
They don't make a **** other than that.
Nothing.
Now the new deal is like I've been trying to tell you about
all these phony low fat diets that don't work.
Which is why more and more people are getting
boob shambi syndrome and just ballooning up like cows.
Breast cancer diet link disputed.
Study.
Low fat doesn't have risk.
So anyway, they got this fat woman doctor on her,
whatever she is and she's giving the reports on this.
And not only that low fat doesn't cut the risk of breast cancer for women,
but even eating a lot of high fat diet doesn't increase it.
There's no relevance.
There is no connection.
And so the host, which I can't think of her name because she's like a tapioca pudding.
She's neither fish nor follow.
And she's saying, oh well, but of course, low fat diet is still very important.
Isn't it?
You see, they just won't let go of these myths and all these people.
I mean, millions of people are watching this crap.
And they assume that because it's on television, that it's the truth.
Just like the Joe to Maggie, you know, think millions of people are convinced
that it was a very important day in our lives because he died,
even though we knew for for months he was dying and he was 84 years old.
And he had no relevance in most of our lives.
But it was very important.
Wasn't it?
No.
And like low fat diets, that's still very important for your heart.
Isn't it?
No, it's got nothing to do with your heart.
And the Actions die.
It proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that the amount of dietary fat you eat has got nothing
that's the kind of fat eating a lot of saturated fat.
That's another story.
But just eating a lot of fat in general without getting into the breaking it down has got nothing to do with your cholesterol,
with your with your triglycerides, your blood lipids, or any other goddamn thing.
Oh.
All these people that we've talked to over the years that do the Actions and their cholesterol comes way to hell down
and their triglycerides like mine did in one month from 300 down to 66.
And he's tired, old, boring, dockers.
Oh, gee, I don't understand that.
Well, go do some research.
Go figure out what life is really all about.
Doctor.
Man.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you, the best thing to do is be your own doctor as much as possible.
You can't always do that if you have something serious.
But to a great degree, be your own doctor.
And then when you do have something that really needs a serious doctor, do your best to like you've got to scour through a sift through all the crap until you find somebody that really knows something if you can.
And believe me, that's not easy.
Just scour the countryside.
I mean, I love people that like, you know, they'll take their car to a repair shop and they'll give them an estimate.
I think I'll get a second opinion, you know.
But I'll go to a doctor and then I think I ought to get a second opinion.
You think maybe I'll check with somebody else because I'm a little skeptical.
Oh, no, it's only your body.
It's only your life.
Don't waste your time with that.
The veterinarian, they take their pretty cat to a veterinarian if they didn't like the what they told it.
Oh, you think I'd get a second opinion about that.
Come on, come on, Tweety.
Let's go to another, you know.
Trust me when I tell you, man, most doctors are, they ought to be in jail somewhere.
They ought to be behind bars.
Like the doctor that I, you know, go, go, this is years and years ago to have my blood sugar taken to see if I was diabetic.
Oh, your blood sugar 75.
This is fasting.
Okay, this is in the morning fasting.
My blood sugar was 75.
Well, guess what?
Did we do a glucose tolerance test to see if I was really diabetic?
No.
Ah.
If I would have just relied on that doctor, I'd be dead today.
And then the doctor who's the big diabetes expert, I keep telling you about which I'm tempted to tell you his name at University of Miami Medical School.
But I don't want to mention his name on here.
I want good suit, but nevertheless, that was giving me this glucose trial to take one pill in the morning.
They had no effect on my blood sugar, which I had a stroke 10 years ago.
Thank God, a minor one, but in part because I was eating like a pig.
But number two, because I was taking a pill in the morning, they had no effect on my blood sugar.
Like the American Diabetes Association with their goddamn, what the hell do they call that thing that, you know,
like the Better Homes and Gardens Diet, one from Group A, like I look at American Chinese restaurant menu.
Is it, you know, with a refined carbohydrates and all that other crap, like with a slice of bread?
No.
Oh, your assholes, man, your murderers, your bookers.
Boy, it is warm in here too, by the way, it is smoldering.
Oh, and then he is a duck.
Mom, do you ever experience problems in your, in your, I mean, I mean down in your intimate area?
Oh, yes, dear.
If you've ever suffered from that thing, you know, down there, then you need to buy that stuff.
Every time I start to feel a little, you know, I rush on out to the pharmacy and I tell them that I want to see you.
Well, that's stuff.
And now, with a faster acting formula, you can help treat, well, you, you can stop, that problem dead in its tracks in less than three days.
Well, now that I know I'm not alone, I'm going to tell all my friends about that stuff.
So the next time they have, you know, that thing, they can, they can get help down there. Thanks for that, that stuff.
So the next time you're in pain, you know, don't separate easily.
Get that stuff, as for it by name.
Look for that stuff in the pharmacy in the aisle with those, you know, things go with all these things.
1046 at 560 WQM.
So Ed, who could have done tremendous service to the entire audience to a lot of people out there, including me.
Remember he called a couple of days ago, he said it was going to be seen Dr. Bernstein, Dr. Richard K. Bernstein,
and he was using the other of diabetes solution. He was going to was sting the visit him and spent a couple of days with him.
And how long and intensive the assessment was.
So he called, he called George off the ear to tell him he wants me to call him at home and discuss it off the ear.
I don't want to call him off the ear. Am I going to call him off the ear? No chance. Of course not.
I'm a busy guy. Okay. I got to go to publishing by soda and dog food. I don't have time to be calling listeners off the ear.
I got to go home and book out next 200 vacations.
This guy, he called the other day to tell us that he was going.
And I said, give us a report. Remember that I said give us a report when you come back and will you give us a report?
No. No. Nothing. Zipity do the. So thanks a lot Ed for nothing.
Browards open. 567 05 60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Virginia key. Hello. Hi, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Call in about two things.
Yes. Well, I got a tie for most overrated artist. Yes. It's got to be between.
I come or not getting any response on this. What is wrong with this audience this week? What is wrong with them?
Are they upset about that new croquetio that's going to be starting Monday morning? They have no spine.
God. It's tied between Garth Brooks. There you go. That's a good one.
And the slut. Shania Twain. You don't like Shania Twain? No. Yeah, you're right.
And also I had another piece of information. But she's not that overrated.
Another one. She's. She. She. And the grandmothers. Did you hear her outfit of the grandmothers? No.
I don't know when she was planning on, but it was like my Donna gone or rye. Yeah.
Whatever she was. We're not talking about who wears the worst outfits. No, but it just it's like it's like a scene in a country.
It'd be like one year of William saying country music. You know, and then Garth Brooks wants to play baseball.
How do you like that? 37 years old. He wants to try out. He wants to play baseball. Can you run the bases with that guy? Oh, God. He's got a gut like I got.
The other thing I call it wanted to call about is I was watching a panning through the channels and got the turn of the network.
And they were talking about the end times. Yeah. And always the end time. And like I said before, if the end times are coming, what does God need all that money for?
The funny thing was is they said that in the book of David, it says that the Jew will be sitting at the throne of David.
And they said that the Queen of England is Jewish. Oh, yeah. And I'm like, huh?
That in Bergen. Really German, not Jewish. I was just one taken German. The Queen is German.
You sure that the house of Windsor's all it's a lie. They're Germans. Exactly. So I was sitting and listening to this guy.
There are Germans over there. You British takers. There are a bunch of Germans. You not see bastards like they said in the exorcist. You not see bastard.
Well, anyway, I had to call and tell you that thing in it. In closing Jose, Candy Stuber Jose, you're a douchebag.
Okay. Jose, can you see? Yeah. Remember that scene in the exorcist? You're not the bastard.
What was his name? He's dead. By the way, the director, the fact director. Berk. Well, I'm not good or what? Berk.
Sure. He's dead out there. He's I fell down the steps and said is all twisted around like Linda Blair's.
Like I said, William Friedkin, when he dies, I don't care. So he's a see, I don't care about personality.
I mean, Stanley Kubrick, did I know him? No, but he was a great director. He's a great, innovative guy.
Courageous genius. Alfred H. Cock, you're all kinds of things about, you know, he was hitting on all to be head-run and tipping on anything with a skirt on.
Even Rock Hudson out here, if it had a skirt on, you know, he wanted it. J. Edgar, he worked.
J. Edgar Hoover. But that's got nothing to do with his talent. See, that's a lot of people can't separate that.
You know, somebody can be the greatest talent in the world, but also it can be an asshole.
And quite frankly, unless I have to socialize with him, it's of no relevance to me whether they're an asshole or not.
They can be a fantastic talent. They entertain me with their movies or their athletic ability or whatever it is. That's good enough for me.
I mean, I don't want to like, you know, go have dinner with them, take a shower with them. Maybe Ray Whitney, I'd like to take a shower with it. That's about it.
Open line of date County and buy how about those, you know, biggest game of the year, you don't show up last night.
And then I want to say this because there's probably going to be some Bruins fans out there gloating because they're back into a playoff spot for the moment ahead of the Rangers and the Panthers are 10th and falling fast.
You guys are as boring as watching as smelling paint dry. Forget about watching it.
What a boring goddamn team. I mean, Pat Burns, I love him. Give us a couple of great years in Toronto.
But Jesus Christ, Pat, I mean, all I'll tell you is one thing. Okay, anybody, even if you don't have to be a hockey expert to know that trap rhymes with.
Right. God are they boring. North Miami. Hello.
A meal. Yes, sir. I was listening to your opening monologue and I definitely agree with the overrated singer, especially Sinatra.
Most especially Madonna, when you hear her early recording, she sounds like some kind of squeaky little mouse trying to sing.
Yeah, like Gelly. Oh, exactly like Gelly. I mean, she was just horrible. And she's still horrible. I mean, she got she got assigned to a record contract. She didn't even have any talent.
Although I hear that Gelly's got a better looking vagina than the time. And a lot of people would know. Yeah.
And of course, the third one was what was the third one again? Gloria Estefan. Gloria Estefan. The anxious Gloria Estefan. Oh, God. She's horrible too.
Yeah. And let me tell you something. She's there's a lot of rumors going around. She's stolen a lot of material from unknown songwriters and credited to her.
How though remember that boat accident out there? How those people doing?
I have no idea. Yeah. I have no idea what the rumor that I'm hearing is they're doing as good as the guy that Rick Hissan says it over at P.P. Stadium.
Probably right. It was the Estefan's. Absolutely. Yeah. I don't think they're doing too good. That's the part. Right.
I mean, you can't knock her. She's Cuban. Uh oh. Forget about the Cuban said no matter what she does or she writes or she sings.
See that's another thing. Tiny will what we talked about yesterday. I don't want to dig up the old wounds again. Also I have to when I will.
You know, like people that are like town like Luis Miguel. I mean, universally claimed all over the world. Is he big here in town? Absolutely not. You want to know why? Because he's like Mexican. That's right.
Or maybe a little Puerto Rican in them too. Cause whatever that story is, but nevertheless he's not Cuban. He's a little boy.
Ricky Martin. No, I'm not a big Ricky Martin fan, but nevertheless, you know, he won the Grammy. He did that thing. What else? What's the name of that song George with the soccer thing?
The soccer thing. Ah, blow it out your ass, George. You're an idiot. Anyway, yeah, I know I'm the Ricky Martin next to him. No, you were there. You're the spick expert. You're supposed to know a shout out Spanish name that song.
You're more obsessed with Spanish music than I am. Of course, because I love my Spanish music. He's a bodicua expert. Right.
Bordicua. Whatever. What is that? That's a part that's playing for Puerto Rican. Oh, Bordicua. No, he don't like Puerto Rican. Okay. Have a great day. So what are we saying?
No, you know, what are the names of that song? I'll sell a partay. La mamala. Pinga. What is that song? It was one of the Grammy for Christakes for the best Spanish language song. Ricky Martin. He sang it at Broadway, rough a house down. He were like a jumping and juking and jiving ovation.
For Ricky Martin, who's Puerto Rican, he does all those spots and all of a sudden develops a fake accent and those Puerto Rican tourism spots.
Do we want to go to Puerto Rico? No way. We'll go to the Bronx first.
Come on. You know the song I'm talking about. I've played it here, but somebody stole a guy at MCD, by the way. I'll tell you one thing.
We're going to have supposedly on Monday this coming week. We're going to be moving up on the third floor where everybody else.
You know what I'm about to lay out, lay out, lay out. Yeah, but that's not the name of the song.
It's called it. I mean, my tongue is right on the tip of it. I'm Ricky Martin's tip at this moment.
Does anybody got the name of the song for you? Oh, Grover got all his damn lines tied up with painting the S-covers.
Oh, come on. Somebody out there knows the name of that song. It wasn't just proved your point. They don't want to give a crap about him in this town because he's Puerto Rican. Well, I mean, that is a sad comment.
So in other words, it's like Gloria Stefan. The reason I bring it up is she couldn't sing a right about paper sack. Okay. She's a piece of turd.
Another one of these hype jobs. Oh, the great Gloria Stefan and her husband, whatever the hell his name is. Okay. And those people they killed in the boat. But I mean, you know, gopa.
Like, gopa. La Vida. There you go. Thank you. God bless you. Oh, thank God. I feel so much better.
You're supposed to know that like, gopa. La Vida. It was for the world. Compute Jackass. All I know is one ton of matter. Yeah, where I want to make a.
But you do like to sing in none. So many. I mean, I like all these great recording artists. How about like, Kristian, that little.
I mean, huh? No, I miss. I really miss tele hit. I mean, they, you know, they made you digital on the Mexican satellite. Now you got your big satellite dish. Go and finally, your later, Mohammed finally called you back. He's like Greg read. He's a little slow. He'll get around with.
But you got a big dish. And unfortunately, you won't be able to see. Well, more relus to maybe you'll find something in there.
No, say two. And two, I'm telling you, it's got all the big channels on there. You can relate to it. And they used to have that. Tell it. I loved it. That was great with all the videos. Now the dancing girls. Right.
They get Mexican dancing girls with big, big asses, which you guys can relate to. You Cuban guys. Big fat asses. And later on in life, big, big droopy hanging boobs.
And then you can see the big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big big, small, big, big, big, big, big, big
Kiss my boot and do it soon, and we can go quite far staying
Thunder the moon
From time to near
Time when the past is my eye
From life I say, you, I surprise
And I'm telling you, no lies
There'll be smoke between your sides
Here I put you to go, what are you in the back of the car?
Like a vice, I pull like mad
And wonder could your gown be made of steel?
And they are me, this big positive
How the honey is the near
No
If you're a singer or a why, I'm telling you about it the worst
It's 11.03 at 5.60 W to QIM
Sweet States mailings defended, you see this they're having the hearings in front of
Congress as if there's some debate about this
They're a little bit slow up there in Washington
As they continue scamming people, especially old desperate people
You notice the order you get in this country, you're really desperate
Forget about social security, just stop and think about all the ripoff artists
When you get to especially in Florida
On by the way, speaking of Florida, you see the dangerous driving report
Which I was going to bring up yesterday but we were tubing it with Cuba and baseball
All that bull crap, all those hysterical sticks calling in
Dangerous driving report blames out Florida growth
Here is a list, this is a study they've done of the metropolitan areas, the worst
metropolitan areas for aggressive driving, death rates, etc. in the country
Number one worst is Riverside San Bernardino, California
Number two Tampa St. Petersburg
Followed by Phoenix number four is Orlando
Followed by Miami, Hylia, Las Vegas for Lauderdale, Hollywood, Palm Pto Beach, Dallas, Kansas,
City, San Antonio, those are the worst 10, four of the top, the worst seven by the way in Florida
Now I would agree with you that places where there's been tremendous growth
Are there a lot of tourists like Las Vegas?
The driving is terrible in Vegas because almost everybody out there in a strip is from some place else
They're lost, it's massive traffic jam, it's a nightmare
That's true
But there's a different reason in Tampa St. Pete
Orlando also, a lot of tourists, the Tampa St. Pete, Miami, Hylia
Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood, Palm Pto Beach
Two main reasons of which it says nothing here in this article of course
Because they can't tell you the god damn truth, they don't want to offend anybody
Old people, banana boat people, I rest my case
I mean Tampa St. Pete, they don't even have very many banana people, they got them all jammed in the E-Board City
Old, especially St. Petersburg, Clearwater, the grand, great, grand parents of the people in sunrise
Who by the way put all the commissioners back in yesterday US holes in sunrise
Of course they like John Lamello too
Old people who shouldn't be driving
And banana boat people with no drivers license, with no insurance, with no brakes, with vol tires, with no headlights, with no brake lights, with no nothing
With a brain the size of a ball bearing
Oh my god, you mean that might be responsible for the bad driving, what a concept, huh?
Yes
Here's a mobile in Hylia, hello
Yes sir, hey yeah, I'm at the media brunch for the Florida Derby and I'm here with a couple of your buddies
Ross Morton and his two pay, and
Abe Kaplan, and tell Ross Morton he blows
Tell Ross he blows, okay, so you got 400 pounds of cow crap in his book
You know out there in Farmington, New York there's a lot you know it's big. It's like farm country
He must be a doing collection. He must have a big shovel. It must be collecting all the droppings up there
And just before each race he must stuff his push with it, okay?
Ross Morton
Oh, oh Jesus
In fact yesterday I was flipping through before the hockey game started and there was Tom Durkin is up there back in New York at
Aqueduct or Belmau where they're racing right now Aqueduct I guess
And then you flint and then of course here at Gulfstream what have we got for the end of the meeting?
I mean, please don't tell me Ross Morton is going to do the Florida Derby, please don't tell me that oh my god
We have an open line and date to a broard
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing there? Okay?
Anybody give you a spy report on mandatory yesterday. No. Oh my god
greatest single line in the history of radio. Yes, mandatory yesterday was talking about
Jimmy Johnson, how people over analyzed what he does and how he reached
At one point he may reach into his pants and do something personal and he just said
Crap he just he demands nuts
Yeah, that's why man. It's just so great because he's nuts because he says whatever is on his mind right
Um, you're probably gonna hang up on the
marino to hand the football off to running back to central like asking
a brain surgery operate on hemorrhoids
Yeah, did you
You're gonna put a hang up on me, but
And we take all the number calls I got right now. I can't afford to. I'm busy working on Ricky Martin. Yes
And we take lessons on my company La Vida
Uh, I like the title song of the album. Well, it's better. Yeah, have you heard it? I don't
I'm not interested in vulva of a well-ve
Yeah, I got it. I got ahead and I used to have it here somewhere, but somebody ripped it off. I must have a Puerto Rican in the building
You gotta have probably have a power. It's power night George. I don't think George like George Hates Ricky Martin. Of course he does. Puerto Rican
George Hates Puerto Rican. Then he spicked. It's not Cuban. He ate him like poison. Hades him with equal. Of course. Mm-hmm. All right
Later. Well, what were you gonna say that was gonna hang up on you for?
And we can gracious. Well, what did you say? I just think he's overreached
The man can't think his way out of a paper sack. Well, I mean, that's your opinion. You're entitled that but he looks pretty good
Well, that's your opinion you're entitled and you're right and have a great thing. He does
Hey listen, okay, this guy would like to look like Enrique any day of the week
Okay, even though Enrique has a very very tiny penis and that's what he says himself
That's not my saying that because I haven't seen it yet
But he says that
Open line in Broward. What's going on with Broward last uh, day or two here?
I think it's these phone lines. I
Think we got somebody upstairs playing the fast and lose. I think it's a bell south again. I heard that click on the phone yesterday
I think it's Larry Nixon personally is sitting there. He's got a finger on it
I believe that all these years nobody will ever convince me otherwise
Because I know that a highly rated high price show like this that there are eight million people trying to call through all at the same time
But we always have this problem. It's not the begging for calls. It's begging for bells out to stop effing with my life
That's what it is and then spider them and it's quite of the herald in the sun sent all these newspaper people that hate me like poison
It's quite them. I still somehow succeeded
fumbled my way along
Oh my god
Will we should stay awake because we all had our day we might forget the words so please be kind
Sure we're all done
A little grumpy and we got too much free time
Take it easy
Take it easy
Don't want to start a new career because we're late
Catching is wow
We're raging rebels in the evening
It's rocking roll starts down in land when you think it's
hi
Together
Don't let our conscience get stricter, grab your brakes, come on say money's
crazy, you know some of the innermosts gonna save me
just go for going to the sea
they're gonna make the sea
1115 at 560 WQM the hangover show from Las Vegas today the NCAA tournament
preview and then the bookshammy at 6th at Kaplan 10 o'clock when he odds on
every game including something that won't be played wait till you hear this talk
about timing by the way thanks to Liz who sent me a whole bunch of articles
here that's for you Liz what is that?
what is that sound where's that coming from?
I am so glad this is happening to you this is going on all week during the
during the uh... during the uh... bit that I played there what what is that?
what is that? apparently it's a bleed through from the ISDN from when Mitch
sends out voice work over Mitch Phillips.
it doesn't last long.
well what is it? it's not on the air. it's not on the air but we can hear it is that is?
well what is that? what do you mean it's not on the air? I heard it loud as like if somebody was
I face Jesus oh god what a bogus place this is
Greg Reed you were disgrace I've said it before I'll say it again you're a broadcaster like
my miniature picture is a rocket scientist okay what a place
anyway what can you see this I have a request for a side autograph from a listener in
which is here this? France can you believe that?
can you believe it? no try to get to that in a minute but anyway so who is this from?
this is a facts from Debbie and just coincidentally just in line with what we were just talking about
it says a funny thing happened last week in Salt Lake City, Utah after Ricky Martin
the electrifying rendition of La Copa de la Vida performed the musical equivalent of whatever the
CPR on the listless Grammy Awards telecast in Los Angeles how do you like that?
the equivalent of CPR on the listless telecast.
fans descended on Salt Lake's record stores and picked them clean of the Latin singers albums.
runs on his albums were reported in Los Angeles and by me too but none was more surprising than the one in Salt Lake
a town better known for its allegiance to the Osmond Brothers than its enthusiasm for Latin pop.
Grammy host Rosie O'Donnell some up with a lot of English speaking viewers must have been feeling about Martin
when she declared I never heard of him before tonight but I'm enjoying him so much that big fat bull like said.
huh? well I got news for Ricky Martin and Rosie O'Donnell there's no danger there no matter how you look at that.
right they're safe all the way around.
being able to do her she ain't going to do him.
Martin's house wrecking performance may be a turning point not just for him but for all Latin pop in 1999.
yeah that's the hope anyway of a handful of US record executives who are betting big that a pack of new Latin music stars can cross over and tap the vast English speaking market.
I have no crystal ball but my gut tells me that Latin music can be the next big reservoir of talent for the mainstream superstars.
says Sony music chief Tommy Matola whose company is spending millions hiring markets heavy producers like puff daddy and David Foster help Latin pop join country and hip-hop in the American mainstream.
then unfortunately goes on to say although Gloria as step on crossed over in the late 80s Latin pop remains for into most American listeners unless they listen to your writer show is what they should put in there.
remember I had those assholes even in Tampa buying Louise Miguel records that was probably the greatest accomplishment of my life.
when we were on WS you went in Tampa getting a bunch of Yahoo red necks in Tampa to go to their record stores and buy Louise Miguel album.
how do you like that nice going Neil and by the way Louise you owe me sweetheart.
we have an open line and date one and brown word five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line.
I'm going to have to go to the store and buy another copy of like COVID-19 because somebody stole it out of here some jackass.
we must have a you know closet port of weekend up there at the power 96.
what is like a lot of young dim bets up there a lot of holy else maybe they just like Ricky Martin maybe they want his body you're not getting it.
here's the Oakland Park hello.
Oakland Park.
like I said put your finger on the button put the biscuit in the basket.
Oakland Park yes.
said you're such aero Smith.
I want to know if you could tell me the drummer for aero Smith the name.
the drummer right what what does that mean?
well you're such an aero Smith like you like you don't know.
can you tell me you don't care.
you're she.
huh without looking at your she without looking at my sheet now let me ask you this are you a music pseudo intellectuals that what you are.
and you tell me the answer since you're.
let me say it again I just got to tell you you'll carry but it doesn't make any difference.
because it's like people.
put the bridge tender on God.
another asshole total asshole.
total absolute asshole.
who doesn't know from aero Smith doesn't know good music and like I started to say it's like people that want to know they can tell you every cut that's on the album.
oh that's a pet sounds album that was it.
if it's not important to me.
it's not important that I know who the members of every group are like I love the Eagles.
do I know the name of every member of the Eagles?
no do I care about who all the people were who they know it doesn't it's not I'm not interested.
I'm not a music sued.
if I like the music I listen to it that's simple enough for me.
but here's the guy with no material.
yeah probably is a god damn bridge tender.
you're an asshole pal.
open line and date one and broard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami with their radio turned way up.
another overrated artist man.
reeky in reeky eglaceous.
yeah I said joke.
right in the sand co-tailed.
what do you think about that?
I think you're full of crap.
what do you talk?
just what I got to say I think you're full of crap.
why? you love that guy?
Reeky eglaseous? great middle crap.
it was worth a great of singers in the history of human race don't you believe that?
he could sing circles around that baggy father his I'll say that right now
holy other great of your greasy ass yeah
all the all the girls I've screwed me for a ride.
exactly man exactly and that's why you're so great the sun's such a jump
Yeah, oh, it's right in its co-tail. Oh, yeah, I hate to break the news about daddy, but we're not really sure okay
Yeah, I don't know if they're much or something. Would you only like macho singers, right?
What's that? I said great day. Yeah, it's big we have an open line and what's this tack and air open line and Broward five six seven oh five sixty
Pomp five sixty on the 18t wireless line
So you ever gonna get 2,800 because you started it and they all want to suck on the bandwagon with you
Oh, and we get glasses first of all, there's nobody in the world that considers him a great singer
So I'm gonna be highly overrated. He's for sure. Yeah, right. So so what are we talking about here?
We're talking about people who are like highly overrated like Frank Sinatra and Tony Bennett and Gloria Stefan who are like way up there
Like everybody's musical icons if I can say that since that word is so big this week
Right is then making a musical icon. No, he looked good. Yeah, that's good enough for me
It's like Ricky Martin. He looks good. I ever say he was a good singer. No, I
Do like that one song. Yeah, it's it's small. See. I mean, I don't want to hear it again like this month
Maybe this year even like gupate la vida and like the guy said Volvo was a lot better
Volvo
You remember I had that here where I played it. I played played well-veh. I played that thing
Huh, I played with the valve valve-veh
And they call him the well-veh fog that was melt for me
Well, there's another one
That's jazz see jazz is like golf and croquet
Jazz let me let me simplify for you. Okay, jazz is crap. That's it
crap and there are people who have sing jazz like elephant's Gerald. She's a great singer. She dead by the way
She she dead. She was a great singer, but not the jazz had nothing to do with her being a great singer
She just had a great voice. She was great
But once you would do that jazz, but it was better that yeah, that's garbage and of course that's melt for me who's you know got a tremendous weight problem
Like I do but at least I don't know but it'd be better. Yeah
Then that's that's what it is
Yeah, that's what it is. It's like that to me's pop band crap. Right
Jazz my ass. Oh, we listen to WLBE. We listen to jazz
Yeah, pseudo intellectual assholes right gag me with a prune
All these people that want to know it's like, you know, just just let me hear it. Let me taste it
I'll tell you if it's gonna me look at it. I'll tell you if it's good enough
I don't have to have a life story whether it's a recording artist a group, you know, like this other bridge tender
Assault before who gives a crap and
By the way, Joe Perry is so goddamn ugly who want to get near him anyway?
Which I got you know this guy mr. Expert. He I beg your tea
You don't have naked pictures of Joe Perry and the Steve Tyler and his ad like I got right now almost they couldn't believe me
We're all screaming. Please put some clothes on immediately
Jackass
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi Neil. Listen. I want to thank you for talking so much about Vegas
Yes, this recently one and I absolutely loved it right um the only thing I thought that
You're gonna see that statement and Roy show. I don't I don't go to see shows. I go there to lose money
It's incredibly overrated and I incredibly overpised to see you know a bunch of guys there just point your things. Yeah, no, no, no
That's not what I mean. Well, I don't know, but anyway
Playing around with the with the tigers and yellow fins and all that and in leather so
David Copperfield. I think you know, I think he could make this appears like the audience
When there's magic shows you know, I'm in the magic shows. That's okay. I guess for a little kid, you know
Yeah, yeah
And
Well, they tried to like 85 dollars a person to go see something like this. So
Anyway, I just want to tell you I absolutely love the thanks for all the information and oh secondly um
You said that Jordi hates everybody. It's not
Cuban right is that including Colombians too? Oh, he despises Colombians. Oh, you kidding me
I couldn't repeat anything on the air that he said about Colombian. He's worth the neckline for Myers that calls every day about hitting a Colombian
What's the deal with that huh? What's the deal with that?
I can't lie me when he does the show next time hold his little little Cuban feet to the fire. Not a lie
They're almost like real people. Yeah, see there you go. Oh, there we go. Yeah, okay. Well, you know
I won't say but I think about Cuban, but I'm married to one so yeah, well then you want to know
Have a great day sweetheart. You too. Thanks. I'll take your meat. It's
Goodbye. We have an open line of dead. I'm playing Luis Miguel between now and two o'clock
I'm so whipped up and pissed off. No Cuban. I'll tell you that
Yeah, Nini a Cuban singer who's even in the same category with Luis Miguel
Ain't no one that bad
I see and you believe that you believe I don't like Cuban singers. I don't like you
Luis Miguel don't you know Phoebe, you know
Anybody that's listening to the show of our period of time knows that you think that Luis Miguel's got one of the greatest voices in history
He has a great voice. Yes, that's it
But what does that mean?
Well, what do you want to be singing you were slavvy and would that make you happy? No, how about if he sang in crow? What are they? What are they?
What language they speak in Crete? Creighton?
I think it's how the thing see
In my house, my chat is not a mess. I
Do you gave me gas now it's coming from my ass
We questions are you live put your head between my side for now the chart cylinder or you do
My finger
That's not doing
Oh, you see who is fool my finger
Not people turn their noses at my
So certain poses Jerry all well once you understand the burn hard
But you do me
It's the critics criticize let me leave you my advice don't have talent as a singer
But I'll let you
You
Let's do she's kind of borderline. So anyway the drummer for arrow Smith is a joy Kramer
Since I just looked on the liner notes of big ones here
I never heard a joy Kramer
Electric bass Tom Heldman never heard of Tom Hamilton
Brad Woodford guitars Joe Perry and Steve Tyler the only members of the group I ever heard of
And I knew Joe Perry wasn't a drummer because he plays guitar. I knew that
That's like the other day I'm asking you about the beach boys the names of the beach boys. Do you know the names?
No
Which goes to prove you know nothing about music
So but seriously what what does it have to do with you know anything about music or not
We listen to it. Is it necessary to know you know who wrote this song and who picked their nose while they were recording it and
Who's playing it? No interest to me none zero
Music pseudo intellectuals like foods is pseudo intellectuals and movie. Oh, yeah, what we're gonna review film
You know, we're gonna critique critique what what's there to critique
You watch it either like it the acting was good. It was bad. They applaud the you know
There's not a whole lot to critique there unless you were pseudo intellectual with no life and have too much time on your hands
In addition to what you ain't no gene sysco, okay
Oh, by the way, oh
You have really you really went way over the line today
And reek it you can make fun of here. He told me he wouldn't give a crap about small potatoes like you
He can't think for sh**. Yeah
But Louise you only wish
You only wishing you greasy little Cuban body that you had one percent of the talent the ability
That this man is god and guess what he don't look that good anymore
Since he been messing around with those ugly chicks even
But never left
Oh god a voice like butter
Like butter is those obnoxious japs on the radio with said
Like butter
To Tony better. Yeah, he's no Tony Bennett. Thank God. I was thinking about those two this morning, you know
Why would anybody want to imitate Randy Rose?
You know what I'm saying. It's one thing to rip off somebody who's like, you know
Exciting and good and like but why would anybody want to be like a low-ranked district Randy
Although they do have one thing in common. Didn't they both drive a truck
With it both in the army
Huh
Oh, sure thing wasn't broken the uh in the military
He was in the barracks
Okay, let's go to West Palm Beach hello
Hey, how you doing? I still don't know who Joey Kramer is. Yes, sir. That's right. You don't have to know I know Billy J Kramer
Like the pictures I said pictures of one
Aerospace oh, this is the guy with the Steve Tyler. Yeah, the best of yeah
You know that somebody's already offered me money for these pictures somebody who's a big Stevie Tyler fan
I got I got tons of us together. I mean, I've known Steve for 30
What do you mean of a much bigger year now? Are you gonna do what his ex wife is gonna do now put naked pictures on the internet?
I don't sell any of my friends picture. Have you ever ever seen Steve Tyler naked? That's the obvious next question
Yeah, we used to swim in a business swimming hall together. Yeah, he got a small penis. Yeah, you know big deal right
Of course, you're a black guy. So obviously you have to put on the big guy because you got a much larger penis
He's easy to get you that's a little giddy
Yeah, he's a little giddy with a penis like a kitty, yeah
And uh, joke
Steve Tyler is a titan. That's right. His name is one. What is it Valorico? No, Calorico. Calorico. Same difference
Joey Kramer's, you know, he's been a healthy weightlifter type kid. Yeah
Him and I and Steve with the high school together in yachters in New York
Yeah, I'm going all the time for 30 30 years plus now
Well, I guess this is this is your claim to fam. It's like you know Johnny Dolen once took a leak next to Neil Roger
We have a good time when they were here at the uh, Coral Sky right
That's the reason why would they perform at a crappy place like that Coral Sky amphitheater? Why would they go there?
Because somebody paid him enough to be here somebody at Sony made them go there just like the back street
I think that place and they showed up, you know
I think you're gonna be in my neighborhood this time because I always had to drive out of Miami and that arena place to go
See him and say hello and all that now they just come to my neighborhood. Yeah
Now here it's closer to home. I just got a crappy place. Why would they go in a macarena?
Okay, no, we had a good time there and the stage is nice because it didn't rain. Okay, you know
The stage is that the acoustics were fine, but you're getting uh, I had pneumonia there that night
That's right. Yeah, so why didn't go back to Sierra Smith? I'm not going back to it with or without what he grabbed
I'm not going to that awful cross-man
You don't get a contact high there
Yeah, that's true. You don't get a contact. I got everything goes up in the air. Oh have a great day
Well, you said it the first time, but you know, okay
We have an open line and Broward and two of us the name of a video. Okay. It's not like he said the word. Did he say the word?
I mean somebody forgot to come this isn't the damn sports show, okay
Where the hell is that by the way? Oh my god
Where where the hell is that?
Look at the
Blond man
60 and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You can't say teach on the radio sir
Here's a mobile in Miami even if you do know a stevy Tyler. Yeah, hello
Yes, Bill
Worker years told me that you were a two pump champ is that true?
Yeah pump this
Two open lines in day two and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Got it you clever man. You sound like you're getting you need a personality transplant
Here's a fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, God. Yes, sir. I call mine. Thank you. Yeah
They invited to the best of us be related to the last one. Yeah
What can we buy for today, sir? Why the commations everybody hates them
Okay, okay, one line left on the board lit and that's it
Now we can go home play aerospace with the rest of the day find out who the drummer is who's in about picking their nose
Who's picking it grinning and picking it?
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Why do I have that feeling of deja vu all over again like this is the week that they lost interest and they have no no matter what it is
Probably those terrible things you said about Jolton Joe to measure the Yankee Clipper the other day
Yeah, that must be it they're pissed off at me now
Because I didn't like do the a you know usual thing and the step into line like everybody else wants you to do and pretend that
There was all been out of shape because Jolton Joe to Maggio croaked at the young age of 84
five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line as this show continues to prove what a high percentage of morons live in his town
Well, all right
Oh
No, it's a
No, it's a sister is
Ganger sister doesn't kiss through many guys conserve a little like her kind of love
No
Kind of ganger, it's his proud she's a game that's the
you
Every time he sees a sister well
Well, rugby was her hobby, but now she likes the hobby and he don't much like her views
neutral sister is
Newly sister is
Ganger sister doesn't she for legs of ice will make up over her eyes or take your soul
Oh
Ganger sister says she's proud she's a game of beer
Well she ain't like her big brother
Must be
Because ganger's little sister has never had a mr. Ritchie never met a trouser mouth
Little sister is
No sister is
Ganger sister doesn't kiss through many guys conserve a temple like her kind of love
Can't this ganger, it's his she's proud she's a game less beyond
But it dies my daughter
They did what it works for
Like a battle maybe
In the lesbian would be so bad
I
By the way Elvis is still alive anybody want to go to grace plan and check it out
We have two open lines in dates. Anyway name one other member of the
Guess who besides Burton Cummings
Can you do it? I can't
He's the only one I do one of my favorite groups in fact how come nobody mentioned any of it?
We're talking about some of the best groups of all time the guess who phenomenal great
Burton Cummings and the guess who from Canada no less huh?
Anybody know anybody else in that group no and who cares what difference does it make?
You don't know if you've had a good meal unless you know the name of the chef unless you know the name of every ingredient that was in it
Unless you know the name of the waiter huh unless you know the name of the waiter and his boyfriend
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
See that's one thing about me that I'm very pleased and I've always been this way all my life
If I like a certain piece of music if I let's see a movie that I think is great and other people say oh
You got crappy taste like a lot of people say I have crappy taste in music including you
Makes no difference to me. I don't care
Because it's all relative in other words if it satisfies me if I enjoy it
That's good enough for me. I don't need somebody else to reinforce. Oh, yeah, that's really great. You're right
What could taste you got? I don't care. It's of no consequence to me
Now say it again most people like vanilla ice cream. Sorry rest my case
rhymes with no taste
Here's a Miami hello
A lot of people like rice errone too Miami hello
Miami going once. Okay. Have a nice day
Here's a mobile in a gable. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. You might have crappy taste in music
But there's two groups or two people if you turn me on to one being Alice next time. Yeah, never
And we should go
Eros Smith is not even debatable. I know
Sensational they're unbelievable. They're great. Anybody who doesn't like them has got taste in their rectum
And mr. Rodriguez you went over the line with me knocking this man. Let me tell you what. I'm a straight as they come
Right when you play that little
I stop driving my car. I just know what I can change under words exactly
So George, I don't know. I mean you're Cuban man. At least I mean, I don't I don't go for that style
I guarantee if the reason that girl were we'd come here and eat a maybe an O2 with George
He would embrace him. It's the best thing that ever hit the face of the earth
I was
Might be in the middle that was oh yeah, you know what I mean. Yeah, hey listen now before I go
One thing for me. Yeah, and you say free major Miami vice
Let me
I remember when I first started playing that stuff on the earth people said well
We don't understand lyrics and I said yeah, but you know what? It's music. Does it really make a difference? No music
It's the sound of it you don't have to understand lyrics
Open line and uh, brown or all three and day boy you people this week are about as spastic as I have ever seen in my life really weak
Really weak we got eight million different things going on here today
If this town had any schmaltz at all besides talking croquet which they you 20 hours at any station
Yeah, this is your croquet station for the 90s. That's a real macho enterprise
five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in south Miami. Hello
Oh, no, no, yes sir
What is it
Okay, get a phone that works and call me back, okay
Here's a mobile in coke on a creek. Hello
How you doing now long time listed and sure you're sure forever and ever and ever yes, I just want to say
Frankie Lyme and your teenage is rule. Yeah, they suck. Oh
Like goodness there's everybody trying to think like that in the 50s. I try to emulate them frankly Lyme and the teenagers is bubble gum
like bubble gum
too, I think if you put legalized family in South Florida it will hurt you
Okay, great. That's good. Okay, whatever you say call up the light bulb. Okay, they're not on there anymore
But in your case it will make any difference
Open line and Broward to end date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Oh
By the way the Italian drug says they call us do
Even the pulpit squeaking it right now
So
Oh, even Michael Jackson sounds much of compared to Frankie Lyme. Well, he's only about 10 years old
terrible
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Deal. How you doing? Okay. All right, sure. Bob can turn her over drive. Yeah, they're pretty good Canadian. Yeah
And
Okay, that's the end of that two open lines in day now do you hear the hear the sound on that phone by the way?
We've got somebody dicking with my phone. I would bet at least a million dollars or so of somebody else's money
That there is dicking going on with his phone
23 years. I've somehow survived not only a lethargic audience not only grotesque management that most of the time
New nothing would know they're asking their elbow
But also dicking around by people with a phone company and then we got the bleeding through from the other from the ISDN
Which I have no idea how that winds up getting in here
But don't ask our engineer about it because they're busy building our new studio upstairs on the third floor like that's gonna make a difference with the same crappy old equipment which it's not
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello. Hey, yeah, okay, sir. All right
Good English sing it out was pretty mercury. That's a good looking. But he was good singer. He was a lot of hard. He was okay
He was okay. Yeah, I think he was I wasn't a big queen fan. Sorry. All right. Well, I'm not that much of a queen. What is it?
Okay, that's it. That's that's a medley of his call boy. These people got good material today or what no
That was last week we did that okay. That was last week last week stuff
This week we're talking about dead people like piggy cash did we get one call about piggy cash no Joe to magio 8 million calls
Who had no significance to my life did I ever see Joe to measure on a quiz show no
Did I ever see him on my TV other than doing mr. coffee no he was a recluse
What the hell did he have to do with my life I ever see him play a ballgame no
See you people out there you want to be led you want somebody else to tell you this is important
This is what's good yada yada yada yada that's why you're all out there eating those fricking snack wills
Because somebody decided oh yeah, we're gonna sell a crap load of this stuff because it's low fat
Even though it's loaded with sugar and loaded oozing with refined carbohydrates
And by the way, it's not just refined carbohydrates. It's all carbohydrates are killers a potato a nice medium-sized potato is loaded with sugar
The minute you put that in your body and your body starts metabolizing it
It turns it into instant process god damn azucadr maybe sugar
Zucato
As the as the wap say
A
bunch of propaganda and they go on television you people are a bunch of murderers you television people
You just pedal a lot of propaganda
And anybody that oh it's just like they're peddling this cellulite this pill that sundown is come out with you know
It's supposed to break down the cellulite that's big over there in Australia somewhere
So now they saw the story on date line or whatever show that was on you the night so right away now they got all the local lose guys
Well, it may work it may not work
A
Magic pill that makes your cellulite go away is anybody believe that that's got a brain no of course not
Is it working?
Like I and again this time I was an answer them then the wee hours of the morning you wake up
You can't sleep you turn on TV there's a rickus strata again
That goofball that lightweight
Erica strata and guess where that
Informercial was filmed by what he even mentions it in Miami a key
Premium vitamins. I made a note to keep in mind the name of this place. Oh, yeah
You know we couldn't believe it people reading this crap and losing weight we couldn't believe it
People were taking his crap. That's basically what he says
We couldn't get over it
With his frosted hair man and his frosted flakes rhymes with fakes and
Erica strata. He's a chip off of you old chip rhymes with yeah that too
I'll tell you one thing you see it on television you better run
That's the sad part as powerful as television is they could sell you good stuff on there
But 99% of what they puttly on there is garbage is crap
Like the juicy man by the way you know the guy that Jay whatever's name is the jute with the big eyebrows Jay
I don't know what his name is he's only 28
I'm telling you that that beat juice will kill you
Here's a mobile in the red line. Hello
Hey, I do I'm nailing it. I get out from there
Just to let you know the one of the band members of the guest to guy almost be me to the punch was I think was Randy
Boxman from Bob one turner really lead to small detail but
I think it's up against them from that era and you believe the bogglands were
Part of guess doing Burton coming to us and in boggling turner overdrive you came with band and then the guest to
I guess
The interceptive is calling like trap them off somebody from bell south is messing with our phone lines and trap them off in the middle of his
It's another thing you'll buy the aros miss
There's a longevity I think speaks a lot. I think if you look around some of the bands today
How many of them are gonna be around in yeah? How many people are going to entrust three to nine years now make a big comeback and have a number one hit not too many
So, you know think akuta sit in there and another band I know if you like we're not from that era
They're still around and in bits and pieces is the duty brothers. Yeah, I like to do big brothers. Yeah
They went to the jazz stage with Mark McGunald
I think they went downhill than they got their lead singer back already in with back to some rock and you know
They're still around even Frank Sinatra was doing that doobie doobie doobie doob crap, you know and what's wrong with a good doobie every now and then so what are Jamaican friends here?
Good name anyway, but anyway, the others were like you know and I love your show. Have a good day back to you
She there you go. We got some people with some taste now. Okay, doobie brothers. I like them. How about America?
They're pretty good horse with no name name you one other one. They had several really good
Yeah, that's just your golden hair. That wasn't one of my oh that was you like sister golden hair
That was a bubble. That was probably the worst song for me. I like all that. I like that. That was a bad record. I mean they they had some really good hits
Oh
All right come up here on me is nothing any of that song
Yes, America
Oh, I need you. Oh, what I would give to have that that was one of my all time reached only number nine
I'll horse with no name of course was number one for three weeks
But I need you god was that a great great great f-ing record man. Yeah, but what was the lead singer's name? Yeah, right who is the drum peak
Who is the drummer?
Christ pseudo intellectual assholes anyway, it's 1156 at 560 QAM kill the cold
Oh
That I bought you a brand new razor for the bush between your five. I don't want to hurt your feeling
But if you care it's all about
Just ride a trim a little. On a side
Oh
I do not like the hits of a fast,
We're like a dry angle for a fast.
I just reach me, ain't this?
You were chaining, so I just raised it.
I don't want to swear a two-paint
When I'm down between your legs
And this smell is kind of gazing
You could use a whack or shay.
I'm not treading through the jungles
That far subrillo that you've got
Cause I feel like I've had this sex with easy time.
When you're used to a little little
You got a little answer stock
And I'm all like a hit on my stash
For like a dry angle for a time.
Every time we do this
After I truly, I think the truth is
I can see a drop, drop, drop, drop
21, drop, drop, drop, drop, drop, drop, drop
You know, Booker Brian, I never realized it.
He hung up on your full lock
What's he went and got where she came from?
Okay, it's a, oh she's Greek.
Three minutes after middle and five, 60 WQAM.
So anyway, we're just, you're just talking about sister Golden here
And look at that.
We got a library of crap here, man.
You, you can even, you could name a flavor of fart
And we got a bit that's like, isn't that flavor?
We got it.
A miracle horse with no name, which of course was their biggest
It was number one for three weeks.
I need you.
Oh, man, somebody out there's got that record.
Maybe Booker Brian's got that.
Man, I might even put something extra in his check next week,
But I doubt it.
A venture highway lonely people.
I don't remember that to you.
Lonely people.
Sure.
You know what if you heard it.
Oh, big hit.
Sister Golden here, which did make number one one week.
Yeah, it was good, but it was really, you know, and you can do magic.
That was good.
You can do magic was great.
Reach number eight.
Like I said, great.
In the old 48.
America.
That's a group that needs to be on there.
You're right.
You see, you can't, you cannot pick the 10 best record.
It's ridiculous.
It's like picking the greatest 50 athletes.
So I mean, how do you, how do you do that?
Where do you remember that?
What they did the thing with the 100 best movies, what a bogus list that was,
although it did kill a couple of good days for us here,
then even Hank muscled in on that deal.
You notice how all hanks people, they thought the one movie they thought the best was Animal House.
I'm serious.
I was, I remember driving home that day after we had the big discussion about it and all those guys were,
whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo that we're doing there.
Well, you know, there are are synodial, it was no porkeys.
Yeah, that that got in there too.
By the way, every day, Che porkeys.
But seriously, I mean, Animal House was a funny movie in John Bullys,
she's dead, but fat drugs.
Here's a mobile in Opalaka.
Hello.
I'm Plumillo.
How are you doing?
Great.
By the way, that medicine that helps remove your cellulite,
I agree with you, a bunch of garbage.
Yeah.
There's no way.
There's no way.
Not like those magnetic bracelets they have on Channel 51.
Well, with one dead medical.
Right.
Right.
And near one of the things.
One kind of mirror.
Exactly.
Well, isn't even one day about last month, you mentioned about medication you were taking.
And you read it from that drug book, all the side effects.
Adalette.
Adalette.
Yeah.
How do you spell that?
A-D-A-L-A-T.
Adalette.
Okay.
Rhymes with rat attack.
Okay, Neil, if you can kill some good time.
Right, it's that little star with the oligot.
Exactly.
What is it?
If you could a little bit later to kill some good time and put in some bits.
Could you read the side effects again of that?
No.
Open line indeed.
567-0560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Great call pal.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing today?
Okay.
A couple of good things that came from Canada besides my guy.
It sounds like Woody.
Oh no, no, this is Ted in my opinion.
Okay, Ted, you sound just like Woody.
You haven't heard from Woody in a long time.
Thank God.
Well, you know something I feel better now, Ted, because you reminded me of Woody.
And I just realized how much better I feel since we stopped here and from him.
Oh, that's good.
I was just going to ask you to get a kid in that disaster.
I'm glad.
I think I found him in the truck of a car somewhere at a highway.
I think glad I could get there.
He was on a causeway with Santino.
With Bruno San Martino.
Oh.
You know, a car I could brighten up your day.
Elf.
No, you didn't.
I was going to ask you what you thought of two Canadian, two well one Dan and one person.
And Rush.
Rush?
Rush?
Okay.
Okay.
I think Neil Perth is a very, very good drummer.
I don't know the drummer.
Now I know what you're going to say about her, but I think she's adorable.
Oh, man, it's more set.
El Anis more set.
Yeah.
Anybody's got the word Anis in their name.
Braco.
How do you repels me, you know?
Yeah.
No doubt.
She's no, what's her name?
The one with the, I can't, I've got her name blocked out of my, but don't even say it.
I don't want to say it.
You know, the one from the fight.
Oh, I'm going to hear my phone.
I'm singing in Salinas.
Oh, I'm going to hear my phone.
I'm going to have a good day.
He is not.
He is not.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
In fact, that's our poll question.
Who's more disgusting?
Salinas or Leo?
Hey, Uncle Leo.
Yes.
One channel request.
Canis and that's macho.
Salinas or Leo?
That's not a problem.
Definitely the other book.
Canis and that's macho.
Ann Marie or Leo DiCaprio?
The book you won.
Ann Marie.
Yeah.
The channel request.
Yes.
The five fifty school broadcasting.
So what?
Five fifty W.
Okay.
All right.
Good on here.
Two open lines.
The date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Anybody got that record?
I knew.
I need you by America.
Oh, oh, oh.
See you people.
What is rap music today?
I don't want to sound like an old funny.
Dirty.
If there's good music I hear today.
Like steps.
Oh, and by the way, you know something.
I listen to the record a hundred more times.
Heartbeat by steps.
And it's great.
I don't care what you say.
I like it.
You think that calling in here.
And you're going to tell me that.
Oh, that was boring.
And you say it's vanilla.
The George even says amazing by a.
Erosmith is vanilla.
What's vanilla about it?
You know, when you.
When you hear the.
Just the beginning of that song.
How can I get on this music?
I've been using it for a couple of weeks.
How do we get on this?
You know how we got on it?
Because it all started because I saw that.
See when you see those info.
Mercials for old music.
That's great.
Not because you want to buy the CD.
Because it's usually a rip off.
But because you see they show you actual film clips.
Of a lot of the groups that you never saw before.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like the box tops.
Do you ever see the box tops from the.
The letter.
White guys by the.
I heard him.
I understand.
But I'm just saying it's kind of neat to when you see them.
That's why I saw Carl.
Wilson.
He didn't leave and I can hear music.
Which started.
I would hear the whole sympathy orchestra.
The whole sympathy orchestra.
Do you want to talk to them?
I would like to hear what's in there on the drums.
What's in there?
I can't do right on.
Do you want to go?
Do you want to go around the drums?
And you're telling me this is a real angel.
You just say these things.
To be aggravating and agi-saving and they're worse.
All of these things.
Yeah.
Like I said, I don't hear something that falls by tape.
Especially when it got piece like yours.
That's 7-11 you like.
Man.
A-save.
Wait a second of all time.
But we don't want to see his penis in there.
What a thought.
I hear his mouth was grouchy with penis.
Glasses are on it.
I was making fun of him.
You want to listen to the muffins?
I'm doing it tonight.
Happy to call him vanilla.
Even if you don't like it.
Happy to call him.
You're amazing.
You're amazing.
You're fine with me.
You're a pot.
You really are.
And you do like Luis Miguel.
Now that you're doing these fill-in shows,
now you're trying to change your whole image.
He even got some hate mail today.
Some love mail, not hate mail.
From some nice Christian lady out there once a convertum.
Because he did another one.
And you better stop doing our shows on religion, God.
Damn it.
You're going to burn on a lake of fire.
You heathen bastard, you.
Nothing worse than a heathen's pick.
Jews wicked afford to be heathen because our religion is all about food anyway.
That's right.
All of our holidays are about the home entasian, about the wine, all about food.
Mata, some of the food ain't so good like the Mata.
Creplox, there you go.
But the goi, they got like religious holidays.
And it's supposed to be like real religious holidays.
Oh my God, they nailed them to a cross.
Oh boy.
What a God that is.
Nine minutes past noon.
Just stop and think about that, okay?
God gives his son so that they could nail him to a cross.
So if you believe these fairy tales, you could also maybe get nailed to a cross.
That's a laughing guy on my day at a car.
One of WQA app is proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful, where-or-do-radio.
If you follow our curricula, the course is free.
Of course you'll work for free.
Call 1-800-WON-A-B and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Marjez.
So you want me a black castle?
A black castle?
A black castle?
Yes.
You're a black castle.
Well, can you say news?
No, no.
Yes, you can say.
No, that's not news.
You're news?
No.
I'll take you on a tour.
You need help.
Yeah, we have the no-low beginner's course.
We-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we.
We-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we.
Nobody here- we have the obstetif- the wherever we were.
Hey, nobody can hear us.
Hey, come as you call.
Get away, get away!
Hey, come on, up!
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop it!
And nobody here- we have the high self-rightedism!
And I'll put in your bookstool and page 19.
We can't have them in.
And I want you to rethink.
And those who aim this will miss Dougie when they're lost.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Oh, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM school of broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your what radio dreams come to.
I mean one from two.
Yeah, yeah, whatever you say.
Okay, 1215 at 560 WKM.
Looking through my billboard, the book here with all the music and all the groups in the top eight billion hits.
And I'm going to tell you their names there like Del Shannon.
Oh, Del, don't do it.
Oh, Christ.
Too late.
Del Shannon, love Del Shannon.
Not one of the top 10 Jackie Wilson.
Now, how come his name never came up?
You go out there, man.
You don't know your music and you smarts us out there with his puff daddy craft.
Leave puff daddy.
He's working on Ricky Martin right now.
Okay.
I think they're working on each other.
Jackie Wilson lonely teardrops higher and higher, which fits right into this time like a rubber.
Yeah, I love the great Jackie Wilson.
Isn't that sad?
How many of these people?
I mean, Jackie Wilson turned it into a vegetable.
Remember that he's dead, right?
Dead.
Del Shannon, like I said, didn't bother just running away.
It was blow away.
Blue is brains out.
So the culture of this book, all these famous rock star, Marvin Gaye.
Dead.
Daddy done it.
Oh, I tell you who else I love that.
I just, you already got to turn the pages.
Just turn the pages here and you're giving me a Frankie Lyman and the Queen Adder.
Crazy.
The OJs with all due apologies to recent events in the world history here.
I'll do apologies to Nicole.
You know what I'd be talking about?
Oh, man.
Sure you do.
The OJs lipstick traces.
Love it.
Backstabbers.
Perfect for this business.
And I got in here somewhere too.
Love train.
Wow.
If that isn't one of the more, I mean, if that doesn't get your finger snap it and your
ifies the rapid and your thing, flapping.
Love train.
Get on board, baby.
Or like somebody said, hop aboard and blow it out your ass.
And that would Chris Morrison.
Here's a mobile and Kindle.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
I got, I need you right here.
I also believe it in Adam in my car.
And I also have the beach boys.
I can hear music.
Yeah.
In my car.
I need you.
And also I have a thing of A.M. Gold about it.
It's the 70s classics.
It's about seven or eight CDs.
The polyhaz, every song you love on.
Really?
Yeah.
Where'd you get that?
Through the mail.
Through, you know, TV thing.
Yeah.
I can name.
I can go through just a few songs here.
Oh, what a night.
By thank you, Sally.
Pulled around on federal love.
MoMite feels right.
Yeah.
I can hear music.
Really good.
Yeah.
I can hear the lights.
Probably most of these dead, by the way.
Probably most of them.
I know.
How, Dennis.
And Dennis is dead.
But I have, I need your idea if you want to hear a few.
Oh, yeah.
You're going to play it on your thing.
Yeah, go ahead.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'll play.
I'm going to need motion.
I don't know.
Now what was enough to do it for me, man?
It's a great song.
It is.
And even on, like I said.
How did they leave America out of our list, you know,
that they, these, this time, man, they got tasting their
TUSH.
You know what?
I, you probably love the music, I listen.
I got a thing through the mail that I got from Chicago.
Yeah.
And it's great.
It's got everything on it.
It's, you know, I'm talking about the
group Chicago.
Not for a long time.
Oh, I love Chicago.
It has a Bobby Land great.
Yeah.
I've been, I even know who the, I mean, he was great.
He was great.
I was Terry Cantoon by the way.
Terry, how did he see this tool again?
I've got another, and I got, uh, Brad, David.
I'm a watch album.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's, uh, we, he is David Gates, right?
Great voices in history.
A lot of, uh, music was great.
You're right.
Brad, David Gates and Brad, number one group of all time.
I don't know.
I can't see you like lockers.
Yeah.
I know.
I got them in here.
I got the grass root.
I got the grass root.
I love the grass root.
Oh, the grass roots.
My favorite group in the world.
Good night, Confessions.
Yeah, that's on there.
Oh, I'm getting, I'm finally getting some excitement in this town.
Jesus Christ, thank you for this guy.
Thank you.
The rivers, why?
Belolinda.
Loving things.
Wait a minute.
In years, baby, hold on.
Temptation eyes.
Wait a minute.
Temptation eyes.
The greatest song in the history of the human race.
Temptation eyes.
I can't see you.
You got that somewhere here.
Yeah, I have it right here.
This is just in my car.
You're a wizard in the past.
Thanks for making my life worth.
Later, another great song.
Later, yeah.
Have a great day.
Get out of here.
This guy was great.
The grass root.
The top group in the history.
What was the name of the drummer, by the way?
I couldn't name you any of the singers.
I remember the pictures.
I remember one or two of them didn't look too bad.
Puts and you think you were ever going to see your graduate
but I mean, seriously the grass roots.
Midnight confessions but temptation eyes.
Oh, just blows me away.
I mean I realize it wasn't now a get join you with it.
If I ever see him again, if I ever see Will Smith again I'm,
I, I've heard something.
God helped my little miniature venture find a, he
happens to be sitting there really close to me on a couch
and will smiths your, come on my TV.
He said, Open Line and Date County, 56650560 and
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
I knew how I was.
Okay.
I can't hear this guy at all.
Can you hear me now?
A little bit.
I'll change phones real quick.
The grassroots, you're just talking about them.
Love the grassroots.
Roots, that better?
Yeah, that better.
Okay, grassroots.
I heard something recently just,
well, since the guy mentioned it,
they were playing some boardwalk somewhere.
It was really sad.
I mean, it's such a great group.
It's big hits that everybody loved.
Yeah.
Resigned to like, you know, playing a peer.
Let's live for today, midnight confession and sooner or later.
Absolutely.
And how come Tim, oh, and heaven knows how come
this guy didn't mention that?
And I'd wait a million years, I think he didn't know.
Oh, yeah.
It's tremendous.
But why don't I call it a presentation eyes on this list?
By the way, my book, why is temptation eyes not on this list?
What kind of a list is this?
What kind of a book is this, Bogus?
Temptation eyes ain't on here, which is the best song they ever did?
Go ahead.
Oh, there it is.
Only my number 15.
I'm going to call since Monday when you're talking about the poll
with Kubrick and the Maggio.
Yeah.
Of course I vote for Kubrick.
Now, what about Peggy Cass?
I just was going to mention that.
I saw that in the paper today.
Yes.
To tell the truth, you're the same agent.
Right.
Yeah, I love it.
You know, something Bud Coddier, he's dead.
Yeah.
Gary Moore, he's dead.
Yeah, but Jack Parstall, I.
Yeah, that's right.
Boy, you see, oh, I saw him, oh, picture him a few days ago.
He looks bad.
Walking bad.
He's 120.
He looks really, then look out day over 120.
Speaking of who's still alive in a clockwork orange, Darth Vader.
Oh, yeah.
Jordan, Darth Vader.
David Prouse.
The guy that played the Julian, the big muscle bodyguard.
David Prouse.
The old guy with a typewriter, the vegetable, trying to line.
Yeah, the big guy was Darth Vader, right?
David Prouse.
Very good.
And I got to ask you something.
We're talking about the words you can say on the radio.
Yeah.
Is there a double standard now because I watch NYPD Blue and they say that word all the
time.
What teach that's it.
You can't say tits on the radio.
Even set it with the IES.
Really?
Absolutely.
Well, you can't say poor.
You can say tit willow.
I was going to say tit mouse.
I'm telling you, and I think I've heard it on the radio, but I don't remember where.
I'm managed.
Okay, have a great day.
Thank you.
See, we got two colors in a row that actually know something.
I know nothing, but at least I admit it.
Okay, I'm not too bright.
I'm the first one to admit that.
But this, oh, Martha and the Van Dellis.
Yeah, you just turned the pages of this book.
But when this man said temptation eyes, I just melted like a little puddle of olio.
Wow, water saw.
And you know, that's a corny thing.
They don't make them anymore like they used to.
And they don't record them anymore like they used to either.
How about Neil Diamond?
Yeah.
He's the only croak.
How about credence clear water?
Oh, Pete Boulders.
See, I shouldn't know that he was an asshole because he used to have us play all that CCR
on Zeta all the time.
Credence clear water.
Rollin, rolling.
I mean, I'm telling you, Pukin is what I'm doing.
I hear the music, Pukin because we were just over over saturated with that on Zeta.
The Alan Parsons project, the greatest song in the history of music.
Seriously, you know what's what I'm talking about?
Pying your eye.
No, yeah, the pie in your eye, the pie on your fly.
I in the sky speaking to Zeta.
That was, I must have played that probably more than any other record during that you're
on Zeta.
I love that song.
You know what it's similar to every breath you take by the police that same haunting.
You know what I'm talking?
Haunting.
I have nightmares about it mostly about Pete Boulders that you're on Zeta.
I in the sky by the Alan Parsons project.
We just took a poll on this.
It's beautiful.
The greatest song in the history of the human.
What?
No, I like the song.
Oh, it's great.
But I like the old stuff better.
Yeah.
Who is the drummer?
Alan Parsons.
Yeah, who is the singer?
The higher-different drummers every time.
Yeah, he said it was a real project.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
The NH.
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
Good.
I was listening to the George Rodriguez show a few weeks ago.
Yes, sir.
And I thought he was outstanding.
Yes.
And I didn't hate me.
I love that.
No, he's really good.
And he's actually.
The show's got a good flow to it.
Now, he's going to notice I'm going to be starting to take a hell of a lot more days off
pretty soon now that I know he can fill in.
Yeah, I don't fear if they like it or not.
What are they going to do about it?
One thing about it.
Fire me.
He does sound like a little bit of a fact, don't you think?
No.
I don't.
Wait, no, you know something.
I off the ear.
No, but on the ear, yes.
It's funny you should mention that.
Because one day I left here early and went to the airport and he was finishing the show.
And I thought, no wonder people say that because on the ear, it makes them sound a little
fruity.
I thought not bad.
But he's not.
He's not.
Oh, I just found out.
I have a great day, sir.
Here is the greatest group.
Oh, I just fell on it and you're not going to believe it.
And now I'm going to.
How many times over the years have I had a hunt for their music on Columbia Records?
And we went.
In fact, on IOD, you remember this.
Somebody who was a part of the group called in one day.
There were a few different groups that people.
But this one, the crying shame.
It was a group of people who had a lot of things.
Remember.
Who had, it could be were in love, which was my favorite.
They had Sharon Spice which sucked up on the roof.
They did their own thing or up on the.
But it could be were in love.
Oh, that record right there, like I said, the greatest song in the history of recorded music.
It could be were in love by the crying shame on Columbia Records.
The date was.
Where is August 1957.
Jesus.
We're talking some serious heavy duty stuff now.
1226 at 560.
In fact, how about Red River Ball?
What was the name of the group?
Red River Ball by the.
Come on, come on real quick.
George, I can't believe this Columbia Records read again with the C.
What is this?
Can't believe this in my moment of need.
Everybody's peeing all over your legs on how wonderful you are.
Red River Ball by Circle.
Circle.
Circle with a Y.
I did look it up.
Hey Luis Miguel, play it baby.
Come on, remember this all remember these days.
These are the good old days.
Yeah, but men were men and women were.
That's a good one.
I think it's like we've ever liked someone from America.
Yeah.
Yeah.
osphorus
estates
recording
Shater
Oh
If you don't melt when you hear that song you got a heart of stone okay there right now
Okay, if you're like you just some kind of a punts. I don't care if you're like a redneck from Davie
I don't care what you are okay. I don't care if you're some spars of from Liberty City if that music doesn't turn your
Insides to audio margarine or something wrong with you man
You're telling me that's not a great song. I would say that's the greatest Spanish language record in history right there till I play the next one
Till I stake your meat is
Here's Miami hello
Hello, mr. Rogers see is the greatest rock and roll song of ever yes at that milkman punk rock girl
ever heard of me. Yeah
Really yes, I have and no
Your head in the toilet bowl. Okay. He's got his head in the bowl
Maybe he's talking about the tidy a bowl man is his friend. We have an open line at day five six
Seven oh that was one of your little Julio's by the way
Which you have so many one of your little fan club wanted to order his little fan club of misfit Julio's five six seven oh five
60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line. I think they're kind of the dead Kennedys by the way
Not the dead milkman. I'm talking about the Julio's
Here's Miami hello, okay, sir. How about
Me a good cold spirit. Yeah, I got oh, I love spirit. I got a line on you
That's a greatest record in the history of music spirit on that was an epic records. Yeah, I got a line on you
I remember playing that a year in Kalamazoo Michigan 1968
Great record what taste this guy's guy we finally found a few people with some taste. Yeah, that's a great song
Yeah, that little area, you know back then that was very good
I got I got some notes for some dead people you were talking about yeah, you know famous people who died
You're a stranger
Unsolved away like like a salmoneo or right the guy who played Superman Reeves George Reeves. Yeah, and how about the guy from
Bob crane exactly that was what I was gonna say
I mean they're still investigating that thing. He's been dead a hundred years Bob crane
I just went thing to about Bob crane. I remember reading about some what is a three-eyed turtle?
Yeah, I just heard that talk talked about it. We had something to do with him and I he had a three-eyed turtle
No, I wonder he's dead. No, there's supposed to be something about a three-eyed turtle like with three people
I never I know I've always heard that terminology, but never knew. Oh, he was doing the old three-eyed turtle
They can't say that. Yeah, don't say that. Okay. I'm sorry
I have something to do and one last thing a
Powerful voice like a silver voice would be like Gary Puckett. I thought had a Gary Puckett and the Union gap. Yeah rhymes with
Yeah
Gene Pitti was great. Yeah, probably the greatest artist in the history of his life. How about rare earth?
And the last and only somebody vanilla frights. Okay, I'm a great
Did he read did he really say what I thought he said here?
You can't see you can't say those kinds of things. It's a family show. Will you fudge back them? No open line and date five six seven oh five six
The in pond five six
All right
They come to pick out you but actually wasn't
But anyway
How they doing by the way what is the drummer born vanilla ice born robber of vanilla ice vanilla fudge second
Second Ella Crockford set performed in New York 1966
Vinnie Martell guitar lead singer Mark Stein
Mark Stein
Tim Bogard bassist with cactus rod Stewart and Jeff Beck rhymes with Todd Dreck and
Carmine a piece no relation to a Carmine have a tello
drummer with cactus Jeff Beck rod Stewart KGB and blue murder
How do you like that?
Woo man, this is my head is splitting my head is about to explode from all of this time for something a little more
Melody
Why not what you like
This is the greatest song
First you're by by the list
You must be some kind of
Wow, you don't know that song you don't know crap
Open line of date County five six seven oh five six the pound five six these see and all the time you hear all of this stuff
It makes you'd reinforces something very depressing the fact that the FM the music stations in this town plays such crap such garbage non stop
Round the clock we got the worst radio all the way around oh the music makes you want a bar
Makes you want to just hang your head in the bowl
24 hours a day
Here's a mobile and dear field beach hello. Hey Neil how you doing okay?
Two things about David Gilmore
Don't go away don't Gilmore
David Gilmore yeah, I think would I believe I would they would we already had to mention far too many times
I just not big on the pink Floyd. Okay. I like Doug Gilmore better who yeah, go ahead
Saturday night I went to the panthers game artist Gilmore. Yes
What is the claims problem he seems to leave that net they ought to take the pads off of them and make them a defender meaning what he didn't play a bad game
I'll yeah, I'll tell you what we out skated them Saturday night. There's no way you just get you get
We out skated them what anybody is what game were you watching he didn't play a bad game?
Well, what game were you watching we didn't even show up it was a coma game and if you saw the game last night
It was a total coma game
Yeah, he didn't even bother getting off the bus
Oh
I need to break the news to you. There's a problem that this team has had this year's not been a goal-tending okay?
Either one I
Just I think you get the other that way too much. Okay. Well, I'll tell me so okay. It's out too much
Hmm
We have an open line in the Broward trying by the way both Carolina goals in that game were power play goals
I just I mentioned that 21 till a 1 is 560 WQAM
So by the way the old crappy old bang that just called George
It's all been out of shape because you don't like this show today blow it out. You're smelling disgusting old ass. Okay, sweetheart
Everything that's wrong in this town is right at your footsteps, honey
How about some Rooney Valley music
Think them on
Here must I will be pleased if you make me hard I might even make you my dramatic
I
Go down on me
You'll be impressed with what's inside my
Express my ful code down on me
I want you down
Run my mas no
Class of my Charles
We're down on me.
It's just never like me.
Inchent, I still shift on my dress.
Yes.
It's not good.
So yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I looked it higher than all.
12 45 at 5 60 W3 in the Hank Wilberg show us from Las Vegas.
Today Hank's out there with his annual NCAA name dropping preview.
Then at 6 o'clock we got Big Fat Boom Shambi, 10 o'clock Ed Kaplan in the compulsive G.A. show.
And that old bag, she's right.
She's got a point.
We don't want to get the old parts upset with music that they, and of course who the hell
does understand his music?
The young people in this audience, they don't know from the, do they know this music?
No.
These folks keep trying to sum a pink fluid, okay?
I don't even like pink like with aerosmith pink, okay?
Maybe a pink shirt once in a while.
Cotton candy.
That was pink a long time ago, like at the county fair.
That was okay.
So what do they know about it?
Only people like in my age, which there are no people in my age here.
Well, I never been with my boys and girls in the States.
That's why they're calling them a boy and saying, oh right.
The best song that I played this minute.
I guess who, how could anybody with a brain leave them out?
Guy, the guy puts Frankie Lyman on the list.
Frankie Lyman and the teenagers who had one hit and like a marginal half a hit with
Goodie Goodie, an old song they stole from somebody else.
You know how old that song is, by the way?
Let me look that up.
No, seriously.
Goodie Goodie, that's like a 30 song.
Frankie Lyman.
Oh, it says you don't want to turn to that page.
No, it's just started turning.
It's a, oh don't turn to that page, please.
Goodie Goodie.
Number one hit for Benny Goodman in 1936.
How do you like that?
An old Benny Goodman record.
Goodie Goodie.
Yeah, nice going, Frankie.
Won't see him no more.
But the guess who?
I mean, just you could go from now until midnight playing guess who stuff.
And you'd love it.
You'd be laughing up.
You'd be looking the speakers on your radio.
You'd be looking at it.
And the speakers do.
Another Canadian group, by the way, we knew that rock group formed in Winterpet
Canada in 1963.
Alan Chad, what is it?
Chad Alan Cobal.
Vocals in guitar.
Randy Bachman guitar.
We already just heard that.
Bob Ashley Piano, Jim Kale bass.
And if anybody have you asked you who the drummer is for the guest who Gary Peterson.
Recorded as the reflections.
Reflections.
Nothing reflections that did Romeo and Julia.
Recorded as the reflections and Chad Alan on the expressions.
Actually replaced by new elite singer Burton Cummings in 1956.
Alan left shortly thereafter.
Bachman left in 1970 to form BTO.
Replaced by Kurt Winkwinter and Greg Laskue.
Laskue and Kale left tonight and it goes on and on.
And a group dispatted in 1975 several reunion since then.
Burton Cummings went on his own, haven't heard from the synths.
But he's great.
And then there was always, by the way, he ain't feeling too good.
The Wolfman.
Come on, let's go.
How's the Wolfman doing?
The Wolfman's the end no more.
It's dead.
It's bad.
I'm sure how to play for it.
Check that thing, this is what he's talking about.
What is that?
What the fuck is this?
What the fuck?
Come on, already.
Where is?
The Wolfman.
He got a three-john record.
You know how sad it is that I'm playing this stuff on A.M.
Oh, this must...
I see I've never heard anybody play music on a station.
Except that offer rejoined crap that they play on the sports shows.
Which they think that playing that stuff makes them sound real hip and cool.
You know?
Better really win him over big with a male audience as it works.
No.
No.
Like that James Brown stuff they play.
Oh, poor Eddie Kaye.
Eddie you're a good guy there.
But at the gambling show tonight you're a great guy Eddie.
But oh, you and that James Brown stuff makes me want to...
Here's Dania.
Hello.
Hey, new.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
Great.
How about Leonard Skinnerd?
Man, if you look at the Tampaese, okay.
Who?
I said to have a great day.
Open-line it.
Where is that?
How about Leonard Skinnerd, huh?
We know, Alabama.
They're slapping it.
They're like, get killed.
5, 6, 7.
If you got the Alan Parsons project or if you got the crying James,
then I'll listen to it.
Or if you got, I need you by America.
Get Alan Parsons at home.
Do you?
Got that album done.
Oh, the old stuff.
I'm gonna have to go back to the record store again.
Looks like I'm gonna have to spend a ton of money.
And I'm gonna tell him I'm gonna start lacking all this stuff up.
Anybody thinks we're gonna go up on the third floor
and leave the doors unlocked up there?
You got another thought coming, okay?
I went through nine or 10 years at IOD of that crap
of people coming in when I wasn't there in the studio
and picking and choosing and browsing and grabbing and stealing
whichever of Niels' great CD.
Remember, you said that rack in the back,
even bigger than this one here?
With about 8 million CDs,
which I only wish I had now.
I would have played Simon and Garfunkel, Mrs. Robbins,
from the other day, but of course that's long gone.
You know where he says, where have you gone?
Mrs. Roosevelt?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Great.
What about the circle, the metal you have there hit?
Red, rubber ball, that's what I said.
What was the other one?
They had two songs.
Circle, I guess I'm gonna have to look it up
because you just don't have time for my brain to work there.
Well, circle, here's culture club.
The circle, turn down day.
That wasn't the band.
Turn down day, yeah, that wasn't the band.
And the drummer's name was Marty Freed.
You're absolutely correct.
You're in the bassist name was Tom Dawes.
How do you like that?
Chris, I'm reading it.
Marty Freed from Bradley Beach, New Jersey.
Right.
You should excuse the expert.
By the way, signed to Columbia and managed by the Beatles manager,
Brian, you won't see him no more Epstein.
Right. They were popular.
You should excuse me at the same time.
But how about the Crayon Shanes?
I'd like the circle.
Okay.
But I don't want to get the point that lazy that called it.
I do like Lushin' Kugel.
Yeah, that's good too, with the made with raisins.
Uh-huh.
Thank you, Neil.
I have a great day.
Ever stuff a jelly donut with a Reese's peanut butter cup?
We have an open-lined and brownered 560,
we have a 560,
Tom 560 on a mobile one month.
Like there, I tell you,
it will be as great like FATSO.
It's great.
Godfather, great network.
And you know what's not all a hockey game is there?
Do it in here and I was watching the game on TV the other night.
And during the, it was an Anaheim, the Ducks game.
And they're showing on the scoreboard
that seemed with Howard Beeler,
with Peter Finch,
doing...
Pine with Madness, L,
on a Zuck in the History.
But they don't play that part.
They only get to where he stands up with the raincoat and says,
now I want you to go to the window,
and they don't show that part
because they don't want them to say,
hell, in a hockey game,
there's a bunch of little kids there.
Of course, they're sparing each other
and the gutters blood all over the ice,
but then they're fighting and beating each other's brains out.
But there's little kids there,
they don't want them to say, hell.
Pine with Madness, L,
on a Zuck in the History.
Right.
Right.
Greatest movie in history.
There is no contest,
right there, network.
Oh, now, why are you laughing?
There's no Godfather.
The Godfather isn't even the same class with network.
Godfather's number two.
What?
You're telling me Godfather is better than network?
Yeah.
Network Patty Chiewski was so prescient,
they fought a whole world where him he was so prescient.
I love that work, no question,
but there's no Godfather.
Everything and everything we're living in it today.
Rick Sanchez, Carmel Cafferro,
Brian Norcross, the hysterical weather theory.
All of that.
This is 20, what, 26 years ago, 27 years ago?
How do we get back on movies again, Goddamn it?
Did like the music though from network.
Was there any music in it?
No.
Here's a crawl spring.
Hello.
Yeah, all right.
Now the music from Godfather,
you're right. That was better.
Yes, sir.
I was going to say that song that I released
in my god America is not as song as an
hero brow who was really the monster of the Spanish voice.
No, he couldn't, he couldn't lick the weasus butt.
Oh, you hear an hero brow?
No.
Well, by near brow, that's his song, America's his song.
He died in the car accident in his 34.
I guess then we're not gonna get to okay the spiel because he's dead, you know?
Yeah, he bought a Ferrari running it so I won't.
Oh boy.
Oh my God.
Yeah, he, you know what his last words were, you know what I'm saying?
The film with the unlucky.
Yeah.
Look at that tree, you said, but
the film with the unlucky.
I know.
Yeah.
Now what about, you want to hear my touch more in
First Nation?
Are the answers questions?
No.
No, that's the answer.
In any English, the Spanish, no, same like.
No.
No.
And yet.
Yes.
The last music in history, all of the exorcists.
See that's a tough three right there, exorcist, network and Godfather.
That's a tough trio to pick among, to choose, to pick, right?
And of course, a clockwork orange, instead fits right in.
Since, you know, of course, when somebody dies, then you always elevate everything a little
bit.
I do love a clockwork orange, but it ain't no network.
Here is the four-letter, hello?
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I can connect the band's circle with hockey.
Yeah.
I saw them.
They were the warm-up band for the Beatles.
Must have been like 65 or something like that.
Uh-huh.
And they played at Olympia.
And Detroit.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
That's kind of, you did a crappy old place that was.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
Hey, didn't that one of the last callers say that there was the same manager or something?
Circle in the Beatles?
Yeah.
Now, I said that it was in the book of Brian Epstein.
He and Fiona's is pretty busy.
Yeah.
That's why they were playing.
I never even heard of that guy, Frankie Lyman or whatever.
I'm 43.
I never heard of him.
Yeah, Frankie Lyman and teenagers, they had a wide-of-full stall in love, which is a very
big hit in 1936 and something like that.
And that was it.
That was their big hit.
They also had Goody Goody, which is a marginal.
And this guy makes me a list the other day.
They're number eight best recording people of all time.
This guy needs any calls in to try to argue with me about it.
Exactly.
Hey, I tell you, who was great and a lot of people never even heard of him.
And who was that?
The guitar player's last call.
He was in a different, different stall.
I mentioned that last week.
Where was that Les Paul and Mary Ford?
They were innovators.
They were pioneers.
I have records that my grandparents gave me of Les Paul.
I mean, he was so far ahead of his time.
Right.
He was funny.
That's unbelievable.
So.
One of these people, no, many are a bunch of punks.
You know what I'm saying?
What are they?
I'm telling you.
OK.
Hummingbird, number seven song.
That's what years that, 1955.
Les Paul and Mary Ford.
Number two hit, How High the Moon, Via Cundios.
Les one of Grammy's trustees award 1983 inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in
1988.
South Park guitarist, innovator and electric guitar and multi track recordings.
There you go.
Innovator and multi track recordings.
Just like go to you, rant the wayward win.
Now we're using last week's material again.
Why not?
They still don't understand it.
Don't remember go to you, grant the wayward win.
I'm working your records.
You don't remember that?
What do you know?
Well, what do you know?
You know, Eddie Haywood and Soft Summer Breeze.
How you doing?
I'm doing the proudest.
Yeah.
You're doing the best.
You know, one of those days, which is things like everybody's getting on the case from
your teacher.
Oh, yeah.
You know, I think that's the problem.
We've been out there Westland spending too much time in the T-room.
1256 and 560.
Isn't that what the name of that song?
Smoking in the T-room?
Yeah.
It's the light of the two hour.
Like I said, the greatest recorded song of all time.
This is the...
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Back down.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's the best.
Yeah.
That's the best.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That's the best.
That's the best.
That's the best.
That's the best.
Yeah.
That's the best.
That's the best.
Yeah.
That's the best.
That's the best.
Yeah.
That's the best.
Yeah.
That's the best.
W-W-K-M sanctions the F4, F ani R6?
Bogoshon,Forthep ago.
Yeah, it's F4, F5, F4, F5, F7, F9, F7, F7.
It's F4, F9, F info of F reached.
We organizations, Kim News TT, F5, F6, F8, F5, F7, F5, F6, F7, F5, F6, F7...
That's the best.
Yes.
Means of riazit, yes.
Like I said, there's a lot of change.
You know.
 surveloa illustrate.
This is the best rhyme in 1999.
Give it to every guy in town.
It's me, the world.
I don't know who I am.
Hey, what's up, my friend?
La, la, la, la.
Where do you live?
Oh, my friend.
Oh, my friend.
Hey, my friend.
Oh, my friend.
I shouldn't have known it from the bottom of the hill.
I didn't know it was within your limit drift.
I'm part of all I would be with you.
To stay away from the civil mess soon.
This is the church of course I should have seen the night.
Nothing sets up a friend of mine.
You got it back to now, I've got it too.
To keep away from the civil mess soon.
To stay away from the girl.
Hope that I feel that we'll do now.
To keep away from soon.
See the light to sleep around.
Yeah, you did it with my back and how.
We did it in a shot and we caught.
Now I'm afraid of falling off here's the mold.
I'm going for the guy who knows.
You used to have a hole in where this fungus grows.
And getting pulled out, she ever knew.
I'll keep away from the civil mess soon.
Yeah, I'll keep away from that girl.
I don't know if I'm sorry.
That's what you are.
Oh, I'm sorry, girl, that I wasn't new.
She took my love and ran around.
With every single guy in sound.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now you've got to want to do amazing things about him.
You could argue from now until next circus,
which one of his songs was the best.
And you could never come up with an answer.
Do you know what I'm saying?
You could never come up with it because he had so many.
I mean, you could just punch up anyone on this album here.
The best.
Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I could say you're something all about this.
Look it in the back.
I wish today to wear my breath would stop me and say it.
And then there's always.
When she kissed me, I was born and she said goodbye.
And I knew right away I was born to cry.
Now I'm happy and just I heard.
Oh, I'm speaking to Dew App by the way, just in case,
Book of Brain might be listening since he hasn't away.
Oh, my God.
You won't believe what's on his album,
which I never read.
I've had this for like 500 years and I never realized this was on here.
Tell me why.
Tell my to that.
What I'm starting to see is the stars.
I'm saving stars that I believe in.
Your eyes will have those dreams you're supposed to.
I'm hoping you tell me why.
Unbelievable.
And then there was always.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm the half a guy.
I'll never tell you go.
You go up and down every cut on this album,
which is the original 24 original classic.
Yeah.
That big of a hit, but one of my all time favorite Dion songs.
One must I love you so much.
And the hour for your touch.
A better lesson next time.
I got here here that I've never even heard that did you?
She what what do you know?
You know, I mean, you're making an effort to like find out what real music is about,
which I credit you for that.
But other than that, like.
I really like it.
I really like it.
Oh, well, maybe it was really.
Yeah, this.
Hey, the roof is leaking and a rain falling on my head.
Oh, the world's top.
The roof is leaking and a rain falling on my head.
I need a mind.
Okay.
So there you go.
Dion, the Mewchi we just to decided all our pizons they called in.
They said, hey, Dion, pretty good.
And we said, yeah, whatever you say, we have an open line of day five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless.
Yeah, kill that whole segment with Dion.
Love Dion.
We love you Dion.
Even though he hate us like poison sets.
We butchered up that old syphilis who thing, but that's okay.
You'll get over it.
He does. He hates us now.
He used to love me.
Huh?
Well, they wrote that they wrote us a letter him an Ernie Marresco.
Shout shout knock yourself out.
Remember that real New Yorkie kind of Bronx and Brooklyn kind of guy.
Whatever it was.
And they co wrote the syphilis.
I mean, runner up Sue.
Did they let me take a look at the thing who wrote it?
Run around Sue.
Yeah, the Mewchi and the Maresco.
There you go.
Oh, I finally got one right about time.
But anyway, so, you know, I guess he was living down here too.
This is many years ago in IOD.
And at that point, they kind of like wrote us a letter.
And please, we're not too happy.
Too bad.
You know, we love you, Dionne, but tell Ernie to get a sense of humor.
Get a life.
This part's not good.
It's great.
You knock, gone out of the road.
Stop it, man.
It made me.
I'm going to tell him, Fanny, what I heard of, Barbara Six.
So stop me, talk.
I want to tell everything I know.
I want to bring up the signifying, where is the fire of bodies got to go?
You know, Neil total rich.
Richie told the burden for it's all Ernie.
And he told her mother, tell her, rather to don't stop me, pop.
I'm going to tell him and see, I know.
You know, like that.
Yeah, the army's not playing that because I know the bird is a pupian air at the end and that gets you psychotic.
Why do you hate him so badly?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Nothing but the bird.
You hate him.
He's a hack.
You haven't heard he's coming back?
Why do you know those shows you've done?
Okay, let's do a mobile and cross-bring.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I'll tell you, Ben, comparable to Ernie.
Yeah.
No other amazing.
You're right there.
A couple years ago, MTV Special, live orchestra at all, page plan, I'm glad you're leaving.
You're going to have to think of that.
Page plan, let's reppin.
I'm glad it's.
Oh, let's reppin.
Let's reppin.
Do we pay age?
We're going to plant him by the way.
I don't know.
Well, he's doing it all of now, but I'll tell you what.
The death one was like, you know, I mean, like a very limited, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, that's how long it is.
How long was Led Zeppelin bigs, about like six hours?
No, that's good.
No, I see.
I'm saying that is because Led Zeppelin was great, but to put them in the same category with Ernie Smith is like comparing
Peggy Lee with the.
I don't go to concerts.
Palinine, Tristan, being around a bunch of stone assholes.
I agree.
Half the audience left it, but first set, even how ashamed that I'm saying you're a bunch of morons, where the hell are you going?
Where was that?
The first set, and half the people are called Sky, what's bomb wrap?
Oh, Carl Sky?
Yeah, that's bomb.
What do you expect from up there, a bunch of night figures?
They were too fat and out of shape and lazy.
The fifth to the 20 minutes of a paper.
They were probably expecting to see Marty Robbins, nobody told him he died, you know.
Okay, I'll get a new phone.
Older than front of the Lord's iPhone.
We have an open line today.
Tell me Led Zeppelin.
Okay, let's look up Led Zeppelin.
You okay there, all right?
Okay.
Yeah.
Huh?
Oh, there's the monkeys.
That guy really pissed me off at me that comment about the monkeys.
You got some nerve, Mr. Goodlisto.
Yeah, Led Zeppelin.
I mean, here's a medley of their song.
Okay, a whole lot of love.
Set.
What are you talking about?
What do you mean what am I talking about?
That was their only big hit.
Pull out a lot of books.
They weren't at the top 40 bands.
Yeah.
Well, they were from England.
They had great albums.
Every song on every album was.
Oh, what was the name of their drummer?
What was the name of the drummer for Led Zeppelin?
It's what's known.
John Bonham.
Even I know that now that I read it in his book.
Huh?
Yeah, you should know that.
John Bonham.
And by the way, Jimmy Page had been in the yardbirds.
Remember the yardbirds?
They were kind of marginal for about five minutes.
Yardbirds?
Yeah.
Week.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you today?
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
I wanted to ask you about.
Did you see Parade?
It's great new dental floss.
By the way, go ahead.
Oh, what kind of you using there?
Well, my mother turned me out of the set.
That's actually giving you a whole lot.
Because I hate dental floss because it tears up your gums.
Because it's usually like fishing line, you know?
Sure.
Really sharp nylon and rips your gums on.
Right.
But Johnson and Johnson's reach floss, gentle gum care, fluoride formula.
It's like it's more like cloth, you know?
And it doesn't rip your gum.
I'm going to sit here flossing for four hours.
Well, how are the conditions of your gum?
My gums are beautiful.
Great.
The gum, my gums in my feet are the only good parts of my body, the rest of it is crap.
Somehow I'm happy to know that.
I have a few things I want to discuss for our son.
I have lovely gums.
Okay.
Did you see Parade magazine this week that syndicated magazine?
I never look at Darnie those magazines.
I mean, that all look at Tropic and all look at Parade.
They had an interview with Roger Ebert.
And they were talking about Gene Sisko how he's still resting at home after his brain operation.
In this week's, in this week's, well, he's nice thing.
That's for sure he's resting very comfortably now.
I just couldn't say that.
They had an interview with Roger Ebert.
That stands back and I can't stand it.
Oh my God.
You got it.
And then you remember a couple of years ago Roger Ebert had that fake marriage with some black chick up in North Dakota or Minnesota somewhere for like tax purposes?
I heard.
And one of those ridiculous spony marriages.
All right, listen.
It's your fool of me.
In fact, I think that's what I think that's what caused the tumor in Sisko's head.
Oh my, I have mercy.
It's a beautiful day, white bird.
Remember that song?
Yes.
What a great song that was.
I don't know if it charted well.
How about a focus, focus by focus?
I remember that.
Okay.
That was a killer.
Okay.
And Rod Stewart's first hit.
Rod Stewart.
Okay.
Have a nice day.
I mean, I haven't eaten lunch yet, but I'm looking forward to having a little something when I get home and believe me, Rod Stewart.
Oh, do you think I'm sexy?
No.
No, Rod.
We think you're disgusting and gross and the fact that you're singing the song and asking that question makes me wonder about everybody else's sanity.
Seriously, I would rather do Al Goldstein than Rod Stewart.
And I would die a wicked death before I would touch Al.
You know, I'd shake his hand from a distance Al in between those deep breaths.
His last one.
Anyone could be.
But boy, Rod Stewart, anybody that thinks that he's sexy?
No.
I don't think there are insects that would touch him.
In fact, he's never had him a ski to bite in his life.
You think anything would live in with touch him?
No.
Wow.
A schmoots bag.
Not to mention, can't sing his lap of a paper sack.
He's kind of like another Bruce Springsteen, you know, and he got Rachel.
Yeah, I do.
You think I'm sexy.
I can't sing.
It's as simple as that.
Do you like Rod Stewart?
Maggie May.
Oh, why because it was a hit?
500 times.
No.
Because it was a hit.
I just liked it.
At the time.
And I just gave you 98.
I mean, yeah, 38 special.
I was going to the book during a break and I just did George Man, 38 special.
What?
Don't like him.
How could you not like that?
I was thinking that like hold on a little.
I used to play that on the old.
Huh?
Cookie cutter.
Hold on loosely.
It's a cookie cutter.
And you like Maggie May.
At the time, I said when I was a little.
Oh, yeah.
When you were like two, a young, when you're here before your ears open.
Then he did that passion thing and then I hated it.
Oh, he is.
How did you get Rachel Hunter, by the way?
How did what's his name get to Julia Roberts that what's he looking the country?
I love it.
I love it.
I mean, what is that?
He must have a like an elephant, man.
That had to be that.
Because he is the scusiest.
We understand looks are everything, but Jesus, let's not carry to an extreme.
Now, you wouldn't admit even though you don't like her acting.
She's not bad, Julia Roberts.
She's kind of like you.
Yeah, she's cute, right?
That's exactly the word.
Like, you know, who used to be cute, the little short, uh, what's your name?
The short, uh, little actress that shot the guy in Colorado.
Come on, come on, come on, the short little, uh, oh, geez.
Well, whatever having a marvel, marvel and raw man.
You know, the one that was, uh, what, what a French name.
What the hell was her name?
Renee, uh, co, uh, uh, Corbe, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Jesus.
See, this is the problem of getting this old is that you've got all these years.
Of this memory back and for crying out loud, no way you can remember all these things.
Claudine Longet.
Never heard of it.
Yeah, Claudine Longet.
She was short and perky and kind of cute.
French, see, I was right about that.
I had to work myself into it and finally, nice going there, Neil.
Thank you.
Here's Sport Lauder Dale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This guy never heard of Claudine Longet.
Can you believe that?
Well, I have to agree with you that I do think 38 special wasn't too bad.
Hold on, loosely, it was a great song.
It wasn't a gigantic hit.
Who cares about that?
It was great.
They had a few good songs, but I do have certainly better than Rod Stewart.
I do have to say I agree with you.
I know the kids of today don't like bread in America.
Well, I can understand what it wouldn't like bread because it's like, you know, it's syrupy music, but it's great.
He's got a great voice.
Well, it's a little campy, but I got to say, Neil, that there's still America still touring here and there.
Are they really?
Actually, yes, they are.
Who is the drummer in that group?
I couldn't care less.
They had some terrific music though America and I agree with you.
I'm not in big and alive concerts going to concerts, but I do have to say that I did see the own Parsons project about a few years ago.
They were a fantastic wide band.
They're great.
I wanted to ask you a opinion, Neil, because music is just a opinion and I do respect your opinion.
Music is a opinion to allow you to answer that in fact.
Correct.
I wanted to know what you thought of a Canadian band not rush, but triumph possibly.
Triumph?
Yes.
What time is lunch, George?
Triumph.
Have you heard of the meal?
Yes, I've heard of that.
Do you want me to give you an honest answer?
Well, I'm afraid of you that you might not have a question.
What do I think of Ann Murray?
I mean, she's Canadian, you know, but not my cup of tea.
That's a good way to put it, not my cup of tea.
What about possibly Journey?
Journey is pretty good.
I like Journey.
Journey, how was it?
Journey was a great band.
I like the Corvettes.
And another band, which you never got a lot of play except for maybe one or two songs, but they were, I thought they were a terrific band.
Triumph, Canadian Hard Rock, trio formed in Toronto in 1975.
Consisted of Rick Emmett, guitar and vocals.
You'll more drums and vocals.
Now you'll know who the drummer was for Triumph.
You'll more, and Michael Levine, keyboards and bass.
Well, they also played to one of the biggest concerts, the 83 US Festival.
Yeah.
Actually, which was a fantastic show.
But you know what happened when Michael Levine got in the group, don't you?
Somebody said, why don't you go back to Canada, you two bass and that was the end of him.
And one more band, Neil.
And Richie Blackmore and Rainbow was terrific back in the day.
Richie, what is this?
Richie Blackmore.
Never heard of Rainbow.
Rainbow?
Rainbow, George is puking over there.
I don't know from Rainbow.
No, I never heard of Rainbow.
I never heard of Rainbow.
Huh?
Well, was that another Canadian group?
Uh, no sir, was that one?
Were they from Hunger?
Well, then there's always Diary Day in the Duty Stains.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay.
Rainbow.
I never even heard of such a group as Rainbow.
Here they are.
Hard Rock Bandled by British guitarist Richie Blackmore.
And the bassist Roger Glover, both members of Deep Purple.
We do like Deep Purple.
In fact, we can play Hush or Buy and then we can play Hush.
Which George is practically searching for.
I don't have Hush.
You don't have Hush?
No.
How about there's kind of a Hush by Herman Sermon?
Smoke out of water.
Like I said, I love Deep Purple.
Okay.
All right, that's enough.
Like I said, Rainbow is pretty good.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Yes.
Gee, to be sure, yes.
That great group's in the 60s to like the pollinants.
Now the parliament, I want to testify, yes.
Can Weston, the motion...
Can Weston and helpless, right?
Right.
ELO in the 70s.
Oh, I love ELO.
Oh, yeah, this man has got some teeth.
Oh, he's had about a half of those people they would taste.
ELO was great.
And in the 50s, of course, you had Laurie London.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
He's not the whole world.
That was just for fun.
Well, in fact, I think Laurie London and Frankie Lyman
were the same person.
How about this one?
I think he just did a bleach job, yeah.
And he's okay with putting the blue...
What is that?
Nell Blue, they've pinned to the blue by Dominic O'Medunio.
Sir?
Dominic O'Medunio?
Nell Blue, they pinned to the blue on Capitol Records?
Sir?
Speak to me.
Nell Blue, they've pinned to the blue.
I know it is, though.
But I don't know that.
But I'm Jell-Amazette.
I'm Jepique here.
Yellow.
Yes, sir.
That's it.
Dominic O'Medunio.
Yes.
Okay, thank you so much.
You're so wonderful.
Okay, hi, Dominic.
I'll read your air to you to me.
Okay, we have an open line in the browser.
Let's just do a music show every day from now on, huh?
No.
No, just today.
I don't want to get that old bag upset.
Hey, lady, if you don't like it, jam it.
Okay, jam it, cram it, hop on it.
All these old nasty, miserable people
that think I'm going to do the show just for them.
If you don't like it today, too bad, lady.
We're having a great time.
Yeah.
We're having the time of our...
What do you want us to do?
A sit here and talk about Monica again.
That make you happy.
Talk about the John Bene.
Talk about the nanny that they're trying to bring back all over again
because they're dead or an adorning.
A lot of the penis gate is over with.
And nobody's buying the rape crap,
except the right wingers who are invented in the first place.
That's who's rape in America is those right wing lunatics.
And by the way, keep that passport handy.
Gary Bowers running for president.
Oi!
I'd rather vote for Johnny Bauer and Hank Bauer.
Not Gary Bauer.
Not to your bastard.
Just like what's his name said in Exorcist.
What was his name?
Bert.
I already told you once before.
Man, you're losing it.
You are losing it.
It was clear across the road.
Bert, you got your first piece of a religious meal.
And I was, you know, often Lala Land.
Bert.
127 to 5.
What was her name?
Then I remember.
It was the mother.
Mommy, you have to know all the boys.
I'm a Catholic.
I will give it to you.
Rod Stewart.
Rod's bad boy.
He's also a bad husband.
And now he's on tour to help pay off what's going to be won.
Hell of a big divorce settlement.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
He's gone to court.
The baby is a failure of it.
Some insults, others said, it paid his heart for it.
Rod Stewart, the legend.
You remember the story about having a stomach pump now
he's about to have his wallet pumped.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
God's God that's He on His own.
He's got a good heart.
See Rod Stewart live in person in depth on stage and on the hook for half of everything he made.
I took my home took my home Rachel's not going to miss him and neither should he.
See actually he had a couple of songs that were good songs if they would have been recorded by somebody who could sing.
Yeah that's that's the deal with Rod Stewart.
Anyways 133 at 560 QM as you heard Hank will be here from Vegas at 2 with all that.
In fact we got a lot of gambling stuff coming up.
We got the NCAA show on the preview with Hank at 2.
We got Booster at 6 to kind of like break it up a little bit with a fat sports show.
And then a camp in back with more gambling talk at 10.
Here's coconut grove hello.
Yes.
Okay that's a shortened sweet and the grove they're doing it.
We have an open line at 8 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's the best they can do in the grove they've had a tough life.
Probably call from Jack Campbell's house.
Here is Miami hello.
Neil God speaking.
Oh you okay.
I had to call the final adeablon because you like you say if you go by by hit by hit.
No I understand that hits is not the barometer of whether I would agree with that.
I was 30 H special didn't exactly have like a whole lot of hits.
Because stairway to heaven was one of the largest of all time.
That's true.
And it's not even listed in that book of yours.
That's right you're right.
So and it's like Georgetown every album had let's make that track.
When you come right down to the dough you're really wanting here stairway to heaven again like soon.
I mean wouldn't about five or six years be a good rest before we do it again.
I got to move yeah they definitely overplay.
It's kind of like Gary Glitter you know we've heard rock and roll parts one and two about 45 million times too often especially if we're sports fans.
Give it a rest for six or seven years and then call us back.
Absolutely agree.
Right.
One thing I do want to point out though is the one thing about them which made the band was their drummer John Bonham.
Right and that's why why.
George didn't even know John Bonham was the drummer even I knew that after I read it in the book.
Well when he kind of drowned on his own.
Well that's right he drowned on his own puke that's right.
Yeah and they never got.
Probably it was a big hit drowning in a CEO puke that was on the city as stairway to the pot.
Exactly but that's what I wanted to chime in and once they lost him there was no way no one could ever replace them.
That was it.
That was it.
That was the needle.
I just wanted to chime in and.
I thought after Dennis Wilson drowned you know the Beast Boys could never get another great drummer.
Dennis Wilson.
Have a great day.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He drummer is generally considered to be the least talented in any group right like Dennis Wilson like a Ringo star right.
But there have been some great drummers like John Bonham but he's dead anybody else any other.
Come on look here about the great drummers.
Huh what about what's his name the guy he's dead to the great bridge.
Huh buddy rich.
Very good.
All right and only took three hours and 36 minutes.
Oh now is that is that buddy Richard is that fat rich because you know fat Richard reminds me of my mother buddy rich.
He's dead.
Didn't he died just recently buddy rich and pretty sure oh thank God it was right not not thank God he died but thank God I got it right because there's nothing worse than saying somebody died and then you fight out there still alive like Don Corleone.
We hit him with five shots.
And he's still alive.
Here's a dear field hello.
Yeah Lord deal.
Yes sir.
How are you doing great.
All right one of the drummers you haven't mentioned yet Keith Moon.
Who is it?
Keith Moon.
Yeah right.
Cockamoon that's right.
Yeah look.
Last album he was on there on the who are you he actually had not to be taken away on the chair right now.
And I always like his brother.
He was pregnant.
And somebody else you haven't mentioned I think brothers I haven't heard you mentioned.
Oh my God then outstanding group I would say the best group in history the Isle brothers this whole hard of mine that was the best record ever recorded.
And what was the album three plus three four plus four.
And by the way how come the Beatles were allowed to steal twist and shot from the Isle brothers and the Beatles recording a twist and shot couldn't lick the Isle brothers rectums.
Okay.
Was in the same category.
If I would have been the Isle brothers that have been pissed off big time.
They stole a bunch of stuff.
Right.
Yeah.
They're early stuff was Dreck.
The most painful thing that I think you have to go do is see one of these old great groups and then go see them now.
It's like you're probably not a fan but like some like Bob Dylan.
I mean go ahead and out loud.
Yeah but don't forget he could never sing anyway.
Well sure.
So as bad as he used to be he just is bad now he could even sing as well.
Great writer but he couldn't sing.
But completely unintelligible.
I mean every song you go see live.
That's another reason why Erosmith are so great.
I mean they've been around for 100 years and they steal from what everybody tells me even though I don't go to concerts.
They still are fantastic in concert.
They're great.
Well, what do you just don't like Erosmith?
See you probably.
Well I mean they're okay.
You know they're okay.
They ain't no study a special right.
Right.
That's right.
That's exactly right.
I know 38 special.
They're no steps either.
Okay.
Tell you hope that.
Okay.
What's wrong with steps?
Oh.
You don't like this.
I don't care if you like it.
I don't care if you hate it.
Make those difference please.
And it starts low.
It starts like bubble gum.
Like you said like vanilla.
But what's it gets going?
It's a great song.
Oh, let's get going.
Oh, let's go.
Let's get in the way.
Yeah.
And I just see this is too uh...
Yeah.
Oh, it's what it was.
Come on.
Let's go.
Let's give them the heavy duty stuff.
Pick it up.
Look at Erosmith.
Look at Erosmith.
Look at Erosmith.
Pick it up and answer.
Oh my.
Boy, I like that.
Yeah, that.
That's the way.
I mean, that's why I like that.
Yeah.
Now, you mark my words.
Whether you're this makes you know, you still pay the sum.
But they will be big in this country when it's the wind step.
It makes you know a lot more of it.
And that's not the point.
You're going to be judging it.
Mark my words.
It's going to be great.
Here we go.
That's why I'm thinking about, you know, doing something.
Here we go.
I mean, I realize it's no Madonna.
You know?
That crap.
It's no spice girls.
It'll be as big as Ace of Base.
Ask of what?
See your mother also.
Al Gore.
Al Gore.
You have never heard of a scene before.
Four years ago, you gave me your nominations to be by the front.
This is some crap.
I've been watching you doing that.
I'm not going to be watching you.
I'm not going to be watching you.
I'm not going to be watching you.
I'm not going to be watching you.
I'm not going to be watching you.
I'm not going to be watching you.
No.
When your alarm goes off in the morning,
Macho Reyna.
When one of your children reaches for Cereal and Spruce,
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Macho Reyna.
Yeah, you're right.
Baby, I'm mean.
But I'll tell you why four tops never recorded this.
I'm sorry.
I haven't heard about 100 years, and this is the best Johnny
River song, and there is because I said so.
No contest.
Oh God.
That's spoken.
Come on, let's go already.
Okay, it's not a hurricane.
Just a little bitter pattern.
Go already.
Come on, Johnny.
You don't love this?
Like with a passion.
Like with a boy, yeah, that's a lot.
Come on, I'll bring Johnny up to short-shoot.
Let me four hours.
Come on.
Be tapping on it, then.
Let's move soft.
There's a special over two slowing down beat for you.
There we go.
Hey.
Hey.
Oh, right.
And then with all apologies to Carl Perkins.
Oh, we don't have this in Carl Perkins.
How do I call Perkins his dead?
You know that?
Oh, how sad.
Yeah, you're right.
No contact.
Well, that's not the thing.
So I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
Okay.
There it is.
Deploying and the purple and
