Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free, breading rally day.
Oh, no 560 on your cell phone.
There are millions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show, do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Mr. Speaker, this is Vice President.
Members of the 105th Congress, distinguished guests, my fellow Americans, I have a incomprehensibly large tool.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Oh, right.
Thank you, my poor scambles.
They'd nothing like a hot bowl of soup.
You know, we take them back to a time when my man had to make our whole neighborhood smell like canned tomatoes.
We're literally like that no more, when all the new flavors from scambles soup like jiggaboo stews with chunky rat bowl and motorbillets bit.
And my favorite, cream omule, hot lip with T-go, pooped them, make it juicy.
Oh, and your own business and lunch and samos, no more cold scabbled soup.
Be good.
Be good, be good, be good, that's what Campbell, soup, be, be good, be good.
You said it.
It's a minute after 10 and 560 WQAM, happy Tuesday to you.
I understand George did a job yesterday here.
A job yesterday, huh?
Not a bad job.
So at any rate, that's where it goes.
Thanks by the way to Martin Luther King for whatever it is that he said I had a dream which made it possible yesterday for me not to be here.
Thank you very much.
And then of course, get back last night.
Plain comes in about a half hour late, jump in the car, fly over the Macarena just in time to get a nice rest actually.
Take a nice nap.
Talk about a coma inducing performance.
Wow.
I'm sitting there in between the second and third period and I hear a voice.
I hear a voice behind me.
Hit Pally, hit Pally.
And I thought to myself, that must be Fat Jeff Hyde from the IOD sales staff.
He's an asshole.
That big, big fat tub of absolute pure unadulterated crap.
He's an asshole and the sure enough there was.
I'm going to tell you something, seriously.
If I were selling for another radio station in town for a queer channel, I wouldn't be running around telling everybody how the book Daniel shows up.
I mean, how can you go out and sell it?
I mean, I realize this guy is a, you know, he'll go out and sell anything.
Remember, he used to sell remotes and wouldn't talk to the program director or the talent and he would just go out and tell us about it.
Oh yeah, so and so. He'll show up there on Saturday, whatever, you know, and nobody knew anything about it.
Kind of a shuster guy, big, big fat.
As he lost any weight, by the way, since that's on my...
Since he was, remember, he was like on death's door.
There's a man who was hobbling around on a cane.
And what other thing did he have like his, his kishkis were pushing out like, huh? Remember?
All kinds of things.
Because he was so fat that his body was ready like explode.
And you know what?
He's still just his, just his fat.
Well, I understand. It's a tough battle.
But you know, when you're going to go around telling everybody that Brook Daniel sucks, I mean, we already know that.
We already know that, but it doesn't lend you credibility when you're not trying to sell stuff on the other's Brook Daniel show.
To be out there in the Macarena in the middle of 17,000 people yelling,
Hey, that Brook, I don't know about her. She really sucks, you know?
We know that.
We know that, Jeff. But just a good luck to you to go out and sell some spots.
So anyway, quite a moment this weekend, you never know it by listening to this radio station, you know?
So, you know, it's kind of a chicken in the question, you know, which came first.
Is the media leading the...
Of course, we got the presidential thing coming up tonight.
So, the state of the union in address, I was thinking this morning, I was sitting here thinking to myself in the history of the human race.
Never has any individual gotten so much trouble over a few blow jobs.
But that's really what has brought us down to.
Here is a man who is in big, big trouble because of a few blow jobs.
Because of a strain on a strain. He's strained and he's staying on a blue dress.
So we got that coming up tonight, one o'clock or whatever it's going to start.
Is it one, I think, that they're going to be putting on the defense,
which nobody's watching that anyway?
So I go away for a couple of days and all of a sudden there's the big news.
And I'm taking credit for it, by the way. Remember what I said here on Friday?
I said here that if Wayne Hypingle would cop up the money and make the pop alboree trade,
I would kiss a picture of Wayne's ass.
And the rumor got back to me in the last 24 hours that that was what put us right over the top.
So he's got to go sit on the window.
Somebody as prestigious as says that he, let me finish, okay?
When somebody as prestigious says, says that he's going to kiss at least a picture of Wayne's pimpley ass.
Then that's what puts him over the top because let's face it, that was a heroic week.
In fact, what paper was it?
What's one of these idiotic newspapers and boys that they really suck about how Wayne saves another franchise?
Oh yeah, Heizinho saves another franchise.
I didn't realize the dolphins were going to go out of business if Jimmy Johnson left.
Did you know that?
They were going to go out of business, right?
Yes.
And if we didn't get pop alboree, the Panthers were going to go out of business, right?
Yes.
So Wayne saves another franchise. That's going away.
Oh, by the way, I lied.
Oh no, you didn't really lie, did you?
Yes.
I'm not going to kiss no picture of his pimpley ass.
No, I'm not going to change my tune about anything, especially after seeing that tobacco layer last night.
But first matters for I could do the whole four hours, I just might.
So my mother saved me the newspapers, I just might point out to you by the way.
Now the trade was what?
What day was it Saturday or Sunday?
I'm losing track of what days it is. It was on Sunday.
Right, Sunday.
Sunday afternoon.
And yesterday morning, the Toronto Sun, the Toronto Star on the front page, up above the mast head,
you know where all the prominent stuff is, they're way up on top.
Pop alboree traded to Florida.
Biggest sports trade in the history of soft-loaded sports.
Bar none.
This is the biggest story in a long, long time.
Here's yesterday's Miami Herald.
Then we're in Atlanta heading to Miami for the big game.
This with pictures, color pictures.
This is the same newspaper that put the NBA stripping we saw on the front page of the newspaper,
and Michael Jordan retiring with full color pictures on the front page of the newspaper.
Way down on the bottom, oh well it is a lovely color picture of Pop alboree.
Way down the bottom.
Pocky Florida gets beret and crux trade.
Page 1D if you want to find out more.
Way down on the bottom of the newspaper.
This is in the Miami Herald.
But Denver and Atlanta, that's the big story with full color pictures on top.
Either one of those teams play here.
I mean, another super-game will be played here.
But are either one of those like a local team?
No.
Front page.
Sun Sentinel.
Monday, January 18th.
Here's a big picture of Guy Outney Glades measuring an alligator hole in the Everglades.
No, certainly, that's what I'm not making that up.
Matthew Chop.
He's chopping it.
And Philip George, measuring alligator hole in the Everglades.
It's all part of a day's work for the University of Florida biological technicians.
Giener hole as swamp lab.
That's the big story with a full color picture.
And on the left, if you read this stuff on the left, which tells you about more of the good stuff that's way down inside somewhere,
Panthers trade for Pop alboree.
Sports.
One C.
You know, if I'm not going to say this is a bush-lead town anymore because whoever is in the bushes, that would be an insult to them.
That is the understatement of the century to say that this is a bush-lead town.
This town is so, this town makes Canon digwin, New York look like a major metropolis.
And that's why you sportswriters wait till I get to the part of my David J. Neal, who has discovered something new in revolutionary that's going to give me,
you think I've got vacation time now, just wait.
You ain't seen nothing yet because he's come up with a revolutionary new formula for how many days you need to recover from transatlantic transport.
Nice going David J. Neal, who's that choco?
Who evidently, he may even only words that African Garber is he making too many trips to Africa because otherwise he might have a little bit better understanding of what that transatlantic flight is really all about.
And guess what, David, it doesn't take you five months to recover.
You can't complain about the intelligence level in this town, but because they're just an enemy.
It's terrifying.
It's scary.
And by the way, Pavell Perri wanted an inemity and Vancouver, he didn't like the line.
Like he is guaranteed here. He can go shopping, he can go to the saw grass, he can walk down naked in the middle of a main street, any, any part of town.
And there won't be anybody here will have any ID who he is.
Nice going Pavell.
Good selection.
I mean, if anybody wants to be a hockey player in a place where he'll be anonymous, this is the place.
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just tell me what your problem is.
Oh!
That's the mother cut in too many of these sad songs.
Don't want to hear a battle no more.
I'm fed up with the beauty of this.
We know everything about the pitch. We need to know.
I don't want to see anything that smelly home.
300 pounds of pasty puff.
Well, hoisting that's been shown us.
Everybody's had a love of something that's gotten worse.
I don't really care about who she's blown.
What else can you say?
We hear about it yesterday.
Hey!
Just think the pitch goes away.
That's things that folks.
That folks.
We know that folks.
We know that folks that folks.
That folks.
That folks.
Don't want to hear a blanket smell about her voice.
And the movie feels just a toll.
That folks.
That folks.
That folks.
That folks.
That's 15 and 5.
And by the way, I noticed that both are local hockey writers.
And I use that term loosely.
David J. Niel and Michael Russo are already starting in.
The guy hasn't even gotten off the plane yet.
He's not even here in the country yet.
And already, newest cat has mysterious side.
Brey won't talk about Russian extortion rumors and hold out the tail.
He wants to play the game.
He's the most exciting player not only in hockey.
He's the most exciting player in any sport in the world.
For none.
But already they're starting.
Well, was it this?
Was it who the hell cares?
Maybe he's doing pigmies in his backyard.
I don't know.
That's his business.
Let's just, you know, hope he gets here real soon.
And this was a great trade.
Nice going there, BM.
But I do want to say this.
Put in his proper perspective.
You see Brian Moore keeps putting himself in a position of having to do things to compensate for what he don't want to admit.
The mistakes he made in the past.
Like all these bad deals like resigning Garper Law to a long-term contract and Kirk Mueller and Dave Gagne.
Which we got rid of Dave Gagne.
If I could assist in Vancouver last night, nice going Dave.
And Dave's a good player.
He just never, he was a terminal here.
He was finished here.
Terry Murray didn't like him.
He didn't like Terry Murray.
And he was playing horrendous.
And he needed to get out of here.
Plus we needed to get rid of that $2.3 million a year.
Which he never should have been paid in the first place.
Just like Ray Shepard was finished here last year.
He's having a big year in Carolina.
Fifteen gold.
He's doing great.
You see that concept about the coaching again keeps coming back to mind.
And for those who watched that game last night.
Those of us who were there.
You take a look out there and you see that lacklustrid performance.
I mean, just absolutely no effort whatsoever.
And you wonder what's going on.
And then I listened to these great, these astute experts we had to ableist this morning.
And yes, I did tune in coming to work this morning.
Because I'm assuming that people would still be talking about this.
The biggest sports news.
I mean, I'm thinking the dolphins win the Super Bowls back to back.
The Marlins win the World Series.
Other than that, this is the biggest sports news to ever hit this town.
A legitimate bonafide superstar is coming here.
Who is, like I said, the most exciting, dynamic player.
Not just in hockey, but in any sport in the world.
Now that Michael Jordan's retired, there is nobody else.
Who is as exciting as captivating as amazing as Pavel Burry.
And yet, I don't hear them talking very much.
I heard one call who didn't know what he was talking about.
About how we're going to unload Kirk Muller, how we're going to unload only salaries
when nobody wanted to miss you.
And we're still stuck with these guys.
Because we're stuck with a lot of brain freeze mistakes.
But then Gildey Chimes and with, well, don't forget to have to go to a cop out a lot of big bucks
for Rector Kraslov next year.
And I'm wondering to myself, we must be paying for figure skaters again.
Because I watched that game last night, and I see Victor doing the same thing.
See, as a Tickin' and used to do his figure skating between the blue lines.
Like he was in the figure skating Olympics and round and round with a big smile on his face,
laughing at everybody, because he was taking home a big paycheck.
Now, Victor at least does it in the offensive zone.
He goes in the other team's zone, and he skates around with a puck and behind the net and around.
And he doesn't do anything with it.
He just keeps skating around and around, and I'm screaming last night,
enough of the skating exhibition Victor do something.
Now, maybe playing with Pavel Burry, maybe Burry will wake him up.
Maybe that'll be what Victor Kraslov needs to break out from this coma that he's in.
Because if Gildey really believes that Victor Kraslov deserves big bucks
for the figure skating exhibition he puts on most nights.
And also, this is a team that doesn't want to shoot the puck anymore.
Even Little Ray Whitney don't want to shoot it anymore.
Kraslov, he don't want to shoot it.
Nobody wants to put it near the net except Little Dino, of course.
Other than him, nobody wants to shoot it.
So again, I have to wonder about the coaching there, about the TM and the BM boys.
But nevertheless, nice going there BM.
I give you credit where credit is due.
He stole Ray Whitney.
He stole Strocka and Shepard a couple years ago, one of the count of three years ago.
Great trade.
And of course, anybody that's got him is Ed Jovenoski.
I mean, you know, we don't need special ed.
Special ed was, he's never going to be any better than what you saw here.
Why? And the sports writers and the people on the year don't want to tell you this.
I'll tell you why because he's not a bright guy.
That's being very kind.
Special ed.
And when you're in that kind of a situation, unless you got some smart, some innate smarts,
you just not going to, well, yeah, ever achieve what your physical potential might have got you to achieve.
So goodbye, Eddie.
Goodbye, Special Ed.
That would be a great song for both of Brian.
Goodbye, Special Ed.
There you go.
Not bad.
But David J. Neil, now the conjecture is, and of course, I understand I wasn't here.
The Islander game on Saturday was also a coma performance that the panties won one to nothing.
Coma. And then the last leg beyond coma.
It was like they had a bunch of rip and wrinkles out there.
Maybe they all knew the ice was that bad. Maybe they just didn't want to get hurt.
But of course, the conjecture was that Burre will arrive today.
Therefore, he'll play against the Islanders tomorrow and the Rangers on Thursday.
Well, not so fast.
He says he doesn't think he'll play on Wednesday.
And David J. Neil, this again in your Miami Herald, I'm going to tell you something.
These newspapers are perfect for this town.
They fit like a, like a doctor's rubber glove in your record.
I mean, perfect.
They just slide right in there.
They're interlocking with each other.
Wait till you hear this.
David J. Neil, with his opera corner, Hussade Chaco.
Right.
Burre might have a better handle on the stresses of transcontinental flight than either Murray.
Russia is eight hours ahead of the US Eastern time zone.
And the rule of thumb is you need one day of adjustment for every time zone you cross.
Are you following that now?
You need one day of adjustment for every time zone you cross.
And then he goes on to say, well, thank God we got the All Star Breaker coming.
And it'll give them all these days to get ready for next week.
So every time I make one of my invocation go to Europe and come back, it's six hours difference from the mainland.
Five hours from London, but I'll go to London, who the hell would.
Six hours from mainland Europe, okay?
Amsterdam, Rome, all of those places.
So that means based on David J. Neil's theory, I need one day for each time zone that I cross, right?
So every time I go on vacation when I come back, I'm going to take another six days to recuperate.
Those of you who like travel to Chicago, Dallas, come back, take a day off because that's a time zone.
You need a day to recuperate because you're crossing a time zone.
Are you following this?
If you go to Vegas, you come back, had a great time, you take three days off because you just crossed three hours difference.
Right? Isn't that the, yeah, that's the David J. Neil, which goes to show you when you wear your Hussade Shaco too tight, it cuts off the circulation between your ears, okay?
Maybe even in your rectal. I don't know what the story is.
But this is a man, this is another infant writing about stuff in the newspaper here.
I'm going to tell you the coverage on this story is so pissed poor here in these newspapers.
I've never seen the coverage in the Toronto papers and guess what? He ain't playing there and wouldn't play for Pat Quinn anyway.
But the coverage here was 100 times what it is here.
And what's the big story here in your sports yesterday in the sunset? No?
The burray thing is up on top of Dave, a hides column, which Dave is interesting.
You know so much since you don't go to any of the games, but nevertheless, come on down.
Oh yeah.
These surprising Atlanta Falcones. Here's Morton Anderson, kick the wedding field goal.
Falcones are coming for the first time ever.
They're going to be in a Super Bowl and they're coming to town.
Come on down. Big color picture. That's a big story.
You see, how many times have I told you for so many years that if they're not into it,
if they don't understand it, if they don't like it, if they don't care about it,
if they know nothing about it, which is the case, our local newspapers,
wow, they'll give you a little, they'll, you know, spoon feed you a little crap.
They'll give you a little slap.
An embarrassing, humiliating, pissed poor job.
I want one of the biggest sports stories ever to hit this town ever in history.
Embarrassing.
Should have been a front page, right hand corner, prominent picture, the whole deal yesterday in both papers.
Now let me tell you one other little thing. Okay, and this is not a little thing.
And if you write that game or if you watched on TV and you were paying any attention,
you could stay awake long enough last night to pay attention.
You know, when the circus came into town and the elephants dropped all their crap and they had it,
they had to take the ice out of the Macarena and as soon as the circus left, they put down new ice.
Now before the circus came in, the ice was real bad.
And the older arena down in Miami was bad, but never as bad as it is in this building.
It was bad. But since the circus left, meaning last week, the Leafs game,
and this game, I don't know about the elephants,
but it couldn't have been any better than the ones last night, because it's the same ice.
The ice is so bad, the puck bounces like you're watching a basketball game.
I realized the NBA was on strike, but the strike is over guys.
If they want to see people dribbling balls, you want to see guys dribbling their balls?
Good, good. Okay, one of the several places you can do that.
Well, one is the NBA, not in a hockey game.
We come in, there's about five minutes left in the first period.
Come racing and sit down. Panthers go on a power play.
Here's a penalty on Buffalo. We got a power play.
Puckers in a Buffalo end, they shoot it down the ice, they clear it down the ice,
and the puck bounces about four or five times.
And Sean Burke miraculously has to go through all these generations to stop it,
because it's taking these crazy bounces and almost goes in our net.
Spaylet takes a dump falls on his ass in mid-ice, all alone by himself.
The referee twice by a national, but nearly fell on his ass, because there are ruts in the ice.
The worst ice in history, I've never seen anywhere in any level, in any league.
Even the kids that play shinny, that's with two ends.
Shining hockey on ponds up north.
They got a better ice surface to play on than the Macarena.
You're paying $10 million a year, they're going to play this guy to play a sport,
the best player in the world, at least the most exciting player.
How about putting down some good ice?
How about we've gone through the first half of the season already?
We got the fans see the red lights when the goals come on, which they still haven't fixed that.
Instead of this Bush League atmosphere, this Bush League presentation that you people put on there
in this $200 million arena.
So before we start kissing Wayne's ass or pictures of his ass too much,
how about starting to take care of the fans, of the players, of the quality of the game?
You know you got Bre, who's like lightning fast, you got the Vorak and Whitney and Ratchuk,
all these fast young players.
Why would you want to play in a place where this ice is like, like, quicksand?
You'd want to have the quickest ice surface in the league.
And yet for some reason, and you know, this one tells me,
oh well I'm going to talk to Steve Dangerfield about those goal lights,
and I'm, you know, something, nothing is going to happen.
I believe it when I see it.
And the fact that the organization doesn't care enough about the fans or about the safety of the players
or the quality of the game to correct these problems in there,
that tells me, I don't care how much he's spending for Pavel Burry,
there's still a lot of something that stinks in that joint.
So joke, that episode last night, they should have been handing refunds out of the door.
They were playing Warlocky, okay, I hate to break the news to you,
Warlocky didn't make it here, okay?
Didn't make it.
The puck is bouncing and bouncing and bouncing and bouncing.
How can you make passes?
How can there be any continuity?
How can you call us a hockey game?
And like I've said so many times before, only here,
where there are minuscule numbers of people who understand anything about the game,
only here could they pass this off and say, hey, isn't this great, give us some more your money?
And have nobody, by the way, said me talking about it, that's the best part.
1027 at 5.50 QAM 50...
Oh, God, yeah!
It's not avion, it's no periae, it's not even tap water.
Oh, tastes like piss!
It is!
The new bottled water, the taste like piss because it is urine for a treat,
the new bottled piss water.
The next time you want to quench your thirst, take a piss, piss water,
from Kidney bottled in company, Golden Shower Colorado.
It's called the Buzbuzba.
1031 at 5.60 WQAM, I'll tell you what the Buray trade really does.
It works for large and in the basket.
So anyway, I have a fact here from Dr. Mark this morning,
so I hope your ranch is better, my best advice is, this is classic.
My best advice was to wait until you return Monday,
and then decide if you want to modify or discontinue the antelate.
I was asked in Georgia this morning, I was reading him this back,
and I was asking him, what difference would it have made if I would have waited till like this morning?
To discontinue taking the antelate and coming here without the pillin without my blood pressure cuff
and had my blood pressure go up to like about 180 or 110 and have a stroke on here?
What difference would it have been if I would have done that today or like last day?
What day was it Friday, Thursday, whatever day it was?
Dr. Mark?
But at any rate, also I do want to mention this Rooney Marzky in USA today
gives a Hank Goldberg credit for breaking the Jimmy Johnson story last week.
In the local papers, do they give Hank credit?
In fact, Channel Semmel was even claiming themselves that they're the ones that broke up,
which we know is a bunch of bull crap.
A Rooney Marzky in USA today who writes the sports on the ear column,
which is a newspaper read all over the world by the way,
gave Hank Goldberg credit and they're by name.
Nice going Rooney.
But the local news papers in local media, too petty,
and too much full of crap to do that.
God forbid they should do the right thing and give credit where credit is due.
Here's a coconut grove. Hello?
Nioh.
Yes sir.
Love the hockey talk.
This is great.
Although you're probably not getting a lot of calls on it.
But our first call, so we'll see.
There you go.
No, but you're stored about the news papers down here on Monday.
I went out and bought the paper and it's like, where's the story?
Yeah.
Where to go?
Why is it on the front page with a picture?
Well, where to go?
Incredible.
And I'm really sorry that you got home last night and time to go to the game.
Call my inducing.
Yeah, me too.
I'm really sorry.
Horrible.
Horrible.
Oh, at least I got some good rest anyway.
No, but definitely about the ice.
It's just pathetic.
Is there any way you could bring some decent, decent, midifier?
What they need to do is get that guy from Edmonton or Webbertogeys,
from whom he makes the...
You know, the league has got this guy.
How Gary Bettman can allow this to go on and claim that these are hockey games going on in that arena?
I just have no idea.
This is garbage.
Or, I mean, it's just...
Especially when you don't have a big team.
I mean, Jayce, you know, just gets in the space where guys can pick up some speed and there's nothing.
Yeah.
I mean, it's...
How the hell can anybody pass when a puck is bouncing around?
Oh, it's popping around.
The guys are trying to knock it down and control it.
But again, when you're dealing with fans who I guess are willing to show up and just sit there and, you know, eat a lot of food and give away a lot of their money,
I don't get it.
I don't know where these people come from, what they're thinking about, but they sure know nothing about the game.
Oh, okay.
And the thing with the goal lights not working to me, this is such an insult.
It's like them, they might as well come out there and stand, etc.
I say, hey, all you people out there, thanks for your money.
And if you're expecting anything to go along with it, forget it.
Okay, we just want your money.
It's just like our philosophy or a QAM.
That's why it's great that QAM has the Panther games.
Just give us the f***ing money.
That's all.
And don't, uh, diddle us with the details.
And speaking of QAM, by the way, coming back from the airport last night and having to listen to the first few minutes of that first period on this radio station
with the anxious Christina.
Oh my God.
Unctions wouldn't be a word for it.
Moron.
Wow.
And by the way, Randy more, you're a good guy, Randy, but you're a co-conspirator.
He's talking right along with Chris.
You can hear all the sounds of the game in the background.
And they're, pah, pah, pah, pah.
Hey, it's not on television, guys.
You're doing a radio game.
We can't see what's up, pah, pah, pah.
And then all of a sudden, you hear the crowd screaming.
And they're still going, pah, pah, pah.
Oh, big hit there by Warner.
Pah, pah, pah, pah.
And there's a, they're having a conversation.
So you're a good guy, Randy, but you're equally guilty with your compatriot there on radio.
Just try to describe the game, okay?
That's what you're supposed to be doing.
Look at this incredible response here this morning, man.
When I first started talking, we had all six lines left there for just a moment or two.
And now the cats got their tongue.
The Panther cats got their tongue.
Two open lines, and Dave wanted to browse.
One of the most momentous moments in the history of this community.
And are these people fired up and excited about it?
Are they, uh, okay, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the,
five, five, six, the unemobile one lie?
This is amazing to me.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Okay, they're gone.
Two lines left on the board.
Here's Poppano. Hello.
Hey, good morning, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Holy is God just so you know who this is.
Yeah, okay.
So I'm being right, I get back to my buddy's place.
I'm surfing in that.
He says, pull up the Panther's website.
If you see if they've made the trade.
Yeah.
Pull it up.
Nothing.
We go to sporting news at HL.
Flaster, huge headline.
Hobble, but I mean the Panthers can't even put it on their website.
And with Poppano, they headed on the call during the football game.
And they were interrupting it was all over the place.
We pulled it up on the, uh, what do you call it on the Trials Star website?
Yeah.
And they don't even publish an edition of Sunday night that I know of, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I mean, I agree with you about the big newspaper coverage.
The worst, the absolute, and you know something, like I said before,
it's a chicken and the egg question because it's obvious that they're doing whatever, you know,
panders to this public or that public here doesn't care.
They wouldn't know.
Poppano, like I said, he could be anonymous standing naked in the middle of my public.
He could.
Have a good one.
And back to it.
Oh, who's that naked guy over there?
Huh?
That naked Ruske with a foreskin.
Open line in, uh, Broward, all three and they did this, you know, something.
This to me is the saddest moment of my life.
This really is.
You could knock me over with a feather duster.
There have been so many others, so many other times when I expected a response,
when I expected something out of this town, out of people who might have something to say.
And I come in this morning and it's the same old, nothingness.
There's one, one called it upon a board.
Well, you know, David J. Neal says that after you make those flights, of course,
this was only in the same time zone, but nevertheless it was like about almost three hours.
Takes a long time to adjust.
That's what David J. Neal says for your body.
Oh, seriously, that's what he says.
I want you to stop and think about that.
Any of you people have actually been out of town, you know, like more than an hour away.
The rule of thumb is you need one day of adjustment for every time zone you cross.
So for in other words, if you go to Australia, for example,
you come back, you're going to have like a month off.
Just to recuperate, just to get up to speed.
Last call for phone calls here this morning and then I'm going to some real good music, baby.
Or maybe George would like to do the show again today. Give me another shot.
I got the music key up. Okay.
5,6,7,0,5,60, and 0.5,60 on a mobile one line.
The land of the absolute, this is just, it's beyond pathetic.
I have no words to describe this.
Seriously, I have no words to, I'm speechless.
For the first time in 23 years, I have absolutely nothing I can say to sum up the way that I feel at this moment.
21 before 11 at 5,60 WQIM.
Six days.
We're involved with Communist gun.
Just a short decade ago, they were everywhere.
And now there is rare as a playboy in Richard Simmons bedroom.
Unless you pick up tickets for this weekend's Disney Presents, Commies on Ice.
Former dictator loving red tape spreading Commie bastards are now on the ice.
And twirling their pink little hearts out for you and your family.
Watch the Stalin VI juggle their sickles and hammers as they twist and turn in elegant formations, resembling battle tactics they never got to use.
Days in amazement as Vladimir Jacko performs the nearly impossible Bolshevik 1440 degree revolution.
Its Disney presents Commies on Ice, Employment for Take Us, and Entertainment for you this weekend only.
Kind of timely, if you think about it.
Anyway, 17 before 11 at 5,60.
What was that guy trying to say?
Oh, thank you.
So anyway, you know, filling me, I should have realized that today is Tuesday already.
The story is like two days old.
And yesterday, of course, George, I'm sure covered this like a black and white.
Oh, yes, but I'll be on it.
Didn't you have a lot of calls about it?
None.
You didn't mention it?
No.
I figured you'd catch up with it.
You didn't have any calls yesterday in four hours about Pavel Brey being traded to the Florida Panthers for special ed.
And Dave Gagne.
No.
You had no, come on.
No.
Oh my God.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Pavel Brey is like Moses leading the Jews out of the desert.
Yeah.
I got to tell you it's the greatest thing that has ever happened to the Panthers.
He's going to lead us right out of mediocrity.
Is he?
Right into the promised land.
Yeah.
I hope.
I guess that other guy we got, what's his name?
He's pretty good too, right?
He's very good.
I like what he had to do.
He's a real good defenseman.
He's not done like a special ed.
He's a good guy.
I'll tell you what.
The people have said why is that we were yelling Saturday night.
Well, it's week.
My cousin called me for full ed.
They knew about the trade.
We didn't know about it.
You know.
But we were yelling, hey, we didn't say we wanted Murray.
We said we wanted Murray.
Yeah.
Good point.
Excellent.
Maybe you just got a hearing problem.
I hope so.
We'll look at the time.
Okay.
Back to you, sir.
Whatever you said.
We have an open-minded Broward 5, 6, 7.
They don't care about the bad eyes.
They don't care about seeing those gold lights.
Come on.
You see, let me say it again.
Let me say it for the 10 million times since we've reached the halfway point in a season.
Somebody somewhere come to our assistance.
I'm so sick and tired of listening to Jeff Rimmer tell me he's going to talk to Steve Dangerfield
and somebody's going to talk to the janitor and the janitor's going to feed his dog and a dog is going to do something.
Is it too much to ask that when you're sitting in an arena and somebody is paying a lot of money for tickets to a sporting event
that you see the gold light come on.
Is that too much to ask?
Now that we're at the halfway point that the all-star break just about, is that too much to ask?
Oh, sorry.
And you sit in there and you wonder, how can I be one of maybe two people?
There's 10 people in the whole joint who care about things.
You're picking on details again, Mr.
You're getting too picky.
You're complaining too much.
We got Pavel Burry.
What the hell do you want now?
You want to have like a real place where you can play a real game and you can see something enjoyable.
Is that it?
Well, you're dreaming, Mr.
This is the South Florida way.
We have an open-line in Broward.
56670560 and 0.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going, man?
Okay.
I just wanted to say, now that we got a Wayne I've been opening his wallet for Pavel Burry,
you think he's going to open his wallet in a fixed D.I.
So we can take advantage of all this team speed we got now?
Yeah, that's the question.
That's what I'm waiting on.
You're going to have to fix up that gold right now that Pavel Burry is going to be lighting up a couple of times.
Yeah.
Oh, no, man.
I know you're a poor couple days ago, but I think Wayne I think is an asshole.
Okay, thank you, sir.
There's one more for the poor.
Okay.
He's an asshole.
I don't know what this rehab is.
There's a very obvious.
It started with Buddy Nevin and the article about, come on.
Let's give Wayne a break.
You know, it took a shot of me, corrosive, Neil Rogers, et cetera, and so on.
Wayne's given all this money to cheerity.
And then of course this thing that was really, you know, how he saved Jimmy Johnson.
He salvaged the whole deal, or at the last minute, and they had the breakfast.
And they got together on Tuesday morning, whatever day it was.
And now Wayne saves the second franchise in just a week, says the headline.
He must be really a great guy.
We didn't know what he's a hell of a guy.
Isn't he?
No.
See, and it's not just Wayne, though.
It's the Murray's.
It's Steve Dangerfield.
It's all the people who work in any aspect of operations in that arena.
If you really cared about the product that you people are putting forth in front of the public,
you would address these problems.
The quality of the ice being number one, first and foremost.
And number two, the ability of the fans sitting on both sides to see the red light and the green light,
anytime they come on during the course of the evening.
Okay?
Do you understand that?
No.
It's like you're talking in a foreign language.
I'm talking Sanskrit here.
And these are very simple, basic, common things.
You don't have to be some kind of a rocket science.
There's some kind of a dynamical hockey fan who understand these basic things that I'm talking about.
And nobody here seems to give a crap.
And when you're going to a place like I've told you before,
just to sit around and socialize and smooth and stand around in front of everybody else,
I guess you don't care about those things.
Here's a mobile and pop it all.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing today, sir?
Okay.
Now, what do you expect in this time?
Nobody knows anything about hockey.
Anybody who's ever watched Pada a very play knows that he is a physical force.
He's got all the tone and the world.
And nobody watched him play.
He's from Vancouver.
You know that in this town?
They've never watched him play.
Well, they might have seen him on yellow office and Vancouver on television.
You know the fans down here?
Yeah.
Well, anybody who's watched the game and knows the game,
knows how excited they are, they're probably getting...
No, you know something you're...
You're right.
You make an excellent point.
And one of the things that's been done here,
and I've talked about this several times,
the presentation of the sport in this town,
it's like there are the panthers and they're the only team in league.
In other words, I know last night we finally got the out of town scores on a lot.
But up until recently, even the out of town scores is like an act of thought.
It's like this is the only game you need to worry about,
because we're going to take in your money for this game,
and anything else that's going on, forget about it.
And you're right.
The job that's been done is so pissed poor,
teaching the people or anything about the stars of the game,
and the other teams, especially the ones we don't play very often,
like the Western Conference.
If anybody watched me at Vancouver go to the final,
he carried them on their backs the whole playoffs.
What are you scoring?
15 goals in the playoffs that year?
I mean, what's what?
What you watch?
Once he starts playing down here, the fans are going to be palmial.
You just got to watch him play in the night up few nights,
because he's excited as hell.
Okay.
Have a nice day, sir.
And back to you.
That's right.
He's got a good point.
They're saying who would we talk about?
Some Russian guy?
Some Kami on ice?
So excuse me, I'm awfully sorry.
I'm getting carried away again, okay?
Because I realize that this is very boring to most of you,
and I apologize profusely.
Don't I?
No.
I'm embarrassed for this town.
It just, my embarrassment level never ends.
It's how parochial and how narrow and how just limited in scope.
Like, come at work this morning listening.
And I'm expecting them to walk into the arena last night,
even though I know the score is already too nothing,
because at least Chris Moore did give me the score not too much else.
So I know it's already too nothing, Buffalo at that point,
but I walked in there, we ran in there, expecting this like an era of electricity in the year.
And the only thing in the era was, yeah, somebody our row had a little problem,
I think, in our section.
That was the only thing in the year, underclap newmen this thing.
Yeah, there's something in the year in 101.
But other than that, it was like a same old business,
same sorry people getting up and walking up and down the aisles while the game was going on.
Scott Schwarzenegger told me there was some,
some jackass at the concession stand, talking to some other jackass.
Oh gee, we got this big physical guy, Peter Wurrell,
and they sent him down to the minors, I don't understand it.
You know something, most of the people in this town wouldn't know a real hockey player
if he stuck his stick and his arm all the way up there.
Reckoam.
Till his finger came out their tonsils, or were their tonsils used to be.
Reckoam.
Here's Miami, hello.
Povery, povery, welcome, welcome, povery.
Excellent.
Okay, two open lines, and Dave wanted Broward.
Finally, and by the way, this guy at least knows how to pronounce the name.
We got a coach, by the way, Terry Murray, before you leave on that trip,
his name is Burrey, okay, not Burrey.
I think we got a call in the federal bureau of investigation to check this out.
We got a coach that can't pronounce the name of this guy.
We just got the most exciting player in the game.
I'm listening to interviews before the game on this station last night.
Povery, well, Burrey, this and Burrey, that, hey, Terry, you're a dumb boy, okay, you and your brother.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I agree with you about these things, and I think I have an ass.
I can argue with a friend of mine last night.
And he tried telling me that I think I had to sell them oil and he had no choice.
I think the Leaf Dining Bird and Brenner wanted to own a team.
Wouldn't it allow them to pull both of them?
Is that true?
No, it is not.
We argued about it last night for a hour.
If he's a hyzing and supporter.
Let me say it again.
No, it is not.
The reason he sold the team is because he knew that they wouldn't build him a domed stadium.
And that's why he got rid of it.
Because I remember hearing something years ago that there was a big stink about it.
He couldn't have a professional football player.
But he did, didn't he?
Didn't he have it?
Hey, gotta wear it.
Have they changed the ruling?
No.
No, they had not.
All right.
Tell your friend he's full of crap.
Okay, and you win.
And I get half.
We have an open line at day one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 7, 7, 7.
These are the kinds of things that people spend their time arguing about in this town.
That's the kind of...
This is the kind of meat and potatoes we can really sink our false teeth into.
Okay?
If we can ever dig them out of that glass, it's in these stuff over there.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Reem.
Yes, sir.
Let me ask you this.
As far as the ice quality.
Does the climate here itself work?
Does that have anything to do with it or can't?
No.
Does that not?
No.
That guy in Edmonton.
That you mentioned?
Yes.
So what is it that they do?
What is it that they do?
You ask him?
I don't know.
They say that Edmonton's got the best ice in the league and this guy is an expert.
He's a consultant that goes around the league and supposedly they'd brought him in here.
But if they brought him in here, they must have forgot whatever he told him.
Great.
Let me ask you also a little more questions.
What do you think about the office training for Napoleon Cough?
Okay, we have an open line at day five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, and pound five, sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
That game is a disgrace, I'll say.
I almost fell asleep and I'm a big hockey fan.
Yeah.
There was no thing or anything.
I mean, I go in there expecting electricity in the air.
The team is in a coma.
The fans are in a coma.
The ice is grotesque.
The puck is bouncing around.
I'm watching Terry Murray standing there with his armistolded like a dead man.
He looked like Don I'm a standing up.
I mean, what was that last night?
I don't know.
Invictive taskwaves.
You know, sometimes when they have cones and guys skating the cones.
That's what he does, yeah.
I mean, he puts on a tremendous performance of figure skating.
Maybe he ought to like acid-ticking and maybe the two of them ought to team up and do like, you know,
sometimes they get a few of them.
That's right.
Max pairs.
And the ice.
The reps kept falling down on the ice.
Did you see that?
Yes, I did.
Like two or three times, the rep was falling down.
How they expect the players to get the help.
And how come all these brilliant sportswriters in this town, especially Michael Russo and David Janiel,
who are supposed to be the mavens in our two bushly newspapers, how come they're not writing about this stuff?
How come they're not, how come it isn't just Neil Rogers on it?
If I had some other people in the media saying the same things and raising a stick about this,
maybe something might get done that you go into a game and you can't see the gold lights when a gold is scored,
depending on where you're sitting, and the ice is the worst in the history of the league.
And nobody wants to talk about it?
I understand 185 million for beautiful building.
They can't put on these tonight.
Yeah.
They make sense for me.
Oh well, keep going.
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
Okay.
We have an open line.
Now, don't you understand Neil?
We don't care.
Nothing that you say will make us care.
We aren't interested.
You can sit on there and scream and holler and get agitated and work up yourself to a fever,
to get a blister on your rectum, whatever.
We don't care.
Nothing you say will make us care.
We care about Napoleon Kaufman.
We even care about George S. Kaufman.
We don't even know who Nelly was.
We care more about him than this crap that you're talking about.
We just refuse to care, right?
Okay.
Glad we got it straight.
Peppush!
Peppush!
Peppush!
In the tradition of the disaster musical comes into Lloyd Webber's Jew in the Attic, the
Anne Frank Diary.
You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like No More Bean.
I'm writing all this down.
Don't flush till an opsy's go home.
I turn in my parents for a stick of the odorant.
It's Jews in the Attic.
Anne Frank Diary.
CD available now.
Club of the clock at 5.50 W.C.
By the way, speaking of Jews in the Attic, Jerry Falwell says the Antichrist is probably
on the earth right now.
How do you like that?
But old Jerry, no superstition in his family.
That's right.
The Reverend Jerry Falwell says the Antichrist is probably alive today and is a male Jew.
He also believes the second coming of Christ probably will be within George Hort 10 years.
In a speech Thursday about the concerned people have over the new millennium, Falwell told
about 1,500 people of the conference on evangelism at Kingsport, Tennessee that the Antichrist
is a male and is a Jew.
Who will the Antichrist be?
I don't know.
He said nobody else knows.
Is the alive in here today?
Probably because when he appears during the tribulation period, he will be a full grown
counterfeit of Christ.
Of course, he'll be Jewish.
Of course, he'll pretend to be Christ.
Of course, he'll be wearing those stupid sandals.
And if in fact the Lord is coming soon, he'll be an adult of the presentation of himself.
He must be alive somewhere today.
According to the Bible, the Antichrist will spread universal evil before the end of the
world, that will finally be conquered at the second coming, George Hort of Christ.
Falwell, the chancellor of Liberty University in Lensburg and founder of the Now-Be-Funk
Moral Majority, said Friday in Williamsburg that he did not intend for a statement to be
anti-Jewish.
Of course not.
He said he met only that the Antichrist must be Jewish because Jesus Christ was a Jew.
If he's going to be the counterfeit of Christ, he has to be Jewish, Falwell said,
the only thing we know is he must be male in Jewish, so look out for guys eating too much
deli, is what he said.
He said it'll tear your kishkeys out.
By the way, I had to reel good kishki over the weekend.
Not here.
Rabbi James Rudin, the director, all I got a great kishki story, by the way, other than
all, this is the best.
I'm sitting in the Picklebarrow restaurant we're having lunch yesterday at the Picklebarrow
in Toronto yesterday.
The waitress had just brought me my appetizer, kishki stuffed herm, okay?
And an old like bag lady looking at a woman comes in and she's got the stack of these little
magazines.
What are the watchtowers that it, your hope is witnesses?
She says, can I give you a magazine about God?
And I said, no thanks, I'm Jewish, don't you see, I'm eating kishki.
So she looks at it, is that good?
I said, oh, it's great.
I said, in fact, if you eat it, it'll make you Jewish.
She sits down at the table behind us and what does she order?
Kishki.
Oh, that's right.
I have a Jehovah's Witness eating kishki.
So as she's sitting there, it just, I mean, sucking it up, including the casing, by the
way.
You're going to die, bitch.
She's eating everything, just sucking it down.
And she says to me, well, don't you, you do, in the religion, don't you have a guy?
I said, oh, she said to John.
Well, I offer you one of the, I said, no, he's an atheist.
Oh, oh, oh.
She says, well, don't you, I fell asleep, believe in anything.
I said, yeah, make believe.
She says, make believe.
This is, this is true.
I'm not making this up.
I'm in Toronto.
I said, make believe, make believe.
I said, you make believe.
And she's sitting there sucking down the kishki true story at the pickle, burl.
And she loved it.
In fact, when we got up the left, I said, wasn't that as good as I told you?
She said, oh, yeah, I said, okay, you're Jewish now.
Rabbi James Ruden, the director of Interreligious Affairs for the American Jewish Committee in New York,
said the comment by fall, well, surprised him because he knows fall well as a strong supporter of Israel is not anti-Jewish.
Right.
This is part of what I call millennial madness, Ruden, said, the single out anyone man in particularly
to identify him as Jewish plays into some latent and historical anti-Semitism from the past.
So Mary, maybe Jerry Fawba was just latent.
Maybe that's the problem.
Like Trent Lott, they're latent.
Here's the four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, just like I know that the red leaves are going to sweep the series again this year.
Number three.
And.
Yeah.
And then I'm going to build there.
In other words, this is a comment.
And then the phone call.
You can try and look at it.
Blow it out your ass.
We have an open line, a date one in broad.
See what I'm talking about there?
Never again.
Okay.
Never again.
Marked down.
11.04 on the matter.
How many times have said it before Tuesday, January, 1999?
You can take your hockey.
Discuss.
I'm sure I can do one of two things.
I can sit here and put my hand, head in my hands and cry, which is what I would like to
do.
Over the, I don't want to say it's a one dimensional town.
It's a no non-dimensional.
Non-dimensional.
No matter what it is, they don't know nothing about it.
They don't care for it.
They don't know.
They don't know for it.
No matter what it is, non-dimensional.
Forget about Pavel Brewery.
Forget about special Ed.
Forget about Brett Hedican.
Forget about all of it.
Okay.
I'm sorry, everybody.
And you people, when I go to the hockey games from now on, including, is it Montreal,
next Wednesday, whatever the next home game is, leave me alone.
Don't come near me.
Don't speak to me.
I'm going to go in peace and watch the game.
Don't come suck it around pretending, you know, something about it.
I can't deal with it anymore.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
Oh God.
And making it even worse is this fact from my friend, Ken, the Elimo Driver.
Thank you for the kind words on Wednesday.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, I know a star in the limo industry.
When you were until you wrote this letter, Ken, keep shooting yourself in the foot.
He says, I do have a good friendly relationship with Rimmer, and think he is a great guy.
I would like to set the record straight and let you know that he did try to tip me,
but I wouldn't accept it because of our relationship.
Wait till you hear this line, okay?
Hey, fill the bug man.
You're listening.
Wait till you hear this line.
And besides, I'm trying to get a bunch of panther stuff from him.
George is peeing in his pants right now.
He is wetting his pants.
He's putting on the pens that you and Allison left over the weekend.
I'm going to give him filled number.
Is this incredible?
I mean, you talk about the oldest goddamn scam in the history of mankind.
Rimmer.
Oh, yeah, well, here, yeah, yeah.
And what he does, he holds out the building of the tipped the guy and he's holding like a little bit of his up,
but he's got the thumb and the forefinger.
He's got that bill locked in his hand on a death grip.
As in just try and reach for it, okay, pal?
And maybe you'll tear the little corner of the 20 off or what, the five off, whatever it is, the dollar bill off.
But he's promising him some panther stuff.
All poor Ken, poor Ken the limo driver, okay?
Another one going to be left in the wake of all the suckers in this town who got sucked in for free,
these by Rimmer, promising panther stuff.
T-shirts, autographs, hockey sticks, hockey pucks.
There you go.
Oh, don't forget one thing, Ken.
Hockey puck rhymes with,
ah, muck, don't be a schmuck.
Take the money and run and frame it.
Yeah, get a tip from Rimmer, frame it.
Here's Florida City.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
A little concerned about Burr, I mean, tremendous talent.
I mean, he's by far the greatest player ever playing this franchise.
But what are you concerned about?
Well, they've tried it for guys out of this caliber,
but they've traded for quality guys supposedly in the past,
and they come here and they somehow,
they come in with a production fund.
And if anybody can do a Terry Murray, he's a turnaround specialist.
He can take the best guys in the league and turn them into a coma like overnight.
Well, not only that, then they go to other franchises and pick right up where they left the hall.
Yeah, like Shepard, yeah.
Yeah, and Ganga, they were just last night.
I mean, I'm not the hockey major.
Maybe it's the general manager.
Maybe it's the system.
Look at Marty Strocka.
Look at Stu Barnes.
Look at all the guys who left here in great disfavor with the coach
with the organization, and they've gone elsewhere.
I said this before and done tremendously well.
So where?
This is something in the back of my mind.
I've been thinking since I heard the story.
How long before Terry Murray does something to piss Paul Vellbury off?
That's what I'm wondering.
We're just mute as talent.
Right. Exactly.
Well, if anybody can do it.
Right. Is it with you have anything that holds your hat on it that is not going to happen to him?
No, of course not.
I'm just hoping for the best.
I mean, after after after last night, it's got to be an improvement.
If the guy shows up here breathing, it's got to be an improvement.
Too bad.
I thought like basketball one guy could turn around.
Yeah.
Well, he's got to have a supporting cast, you know, and I'm hoping for the best.
Yaldi, so we're going to miss Joe Robick time.
Yeah. I heard yaldi.
And he just an insipid tor.
Pay no attention.
OK. Just a little butt sucking insipid tor.
We're going to be paying Victor Coslow the big bucks next year.
Right.
We like figure skaters, I guess.
Maybe Yaldi's into figure skating.
I'll take it easy.
Have a great day.
Dave County lines are open.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
As once again, Neil shoots himself in the foot.
Can the limo driver shoot it in the foot?
Come on. Let's get that Panther paraphernalia for the rim man.
Come on.
Is that incredible?
Same old tired lines.
It's like a pickup line.
Like a pickup line in a bar.
Oh, yeah.
I can't give you any money for the ride.
You know, times are a little tough right now.
And Denise Pazfan, he's making all the big bucks over there.
But I'll get you a T-shirt.
I'll get the guys to sign it.
I'll get you some paraphernalia, some memorabilia.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Hold your breath.
Again, just hold it real tight.
9 minutes after 11 and 5 50 WDQA.
And hello, Neil.
Um, I would like to ask you a question.
My son was watching your program on, um,
on LAMI on Miami.
The date was 15.
And I would like to know a system kind of anti-triest
version because now my son wants to worship the devil
because he thinks it's cool.
And he also wants to just as ladies and then
put listed on now.
I don't know if the whole channel 59 is the anti-triest channel.
Um, please, I'm really concerned.
And I would like to know if you have an anti-triest.
Yes.
Thank you.
And please, if I see you somewhere,
I wouldn't even stop and give you water.
Because now you turn my son into a bagged
and you made my son serve an anti-triest.
Thank you.
And have a nice day.
All right.
Have a nice day.
I'm glad to see you guys.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I
I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I
of course, he lived here in my place where I was in the compound, his entire spielt empleo, instead of building a monument to this distance to his ass out there.
Here's Him, oval, hollywood, hello.
Where is him?
Gereleinj, voodooleian occolon ...
down here. I think it could be explained really last night in the pregame. There was Denise with a
group, a grease board explaining taken five or ten minutes to explain icing and two-line path.
Oh, not again. You have to be joking. Is this like the six years?
This is the sixth year. And he's taken five or six, you know, I don't know, five or six, seven
minutes to explain icing and two-line. That's it, right there. Nice. How do I feel about these calls
that we're not getting? I feel really really sorry and should. Also, um, change the subject's
too little bit about that red wing fan, a call a bit ago. I'm a red wing fan. I'm going to tell
you what, we're not really too many games. They're so I'm thinking that you went out. Oh, he's
guessing I'll call every year he calls and says the same. When somebody doesn't know anything,
it's like the people I call these sports shows like the Jetspan. J-E-T-S-Jets. I don't know, I think
they just make a lot of noise. And by the way, how the Jets doing, by the way. They're going to be
coming down for the Super Bowl. No. You think, oh, Joe, these going home so we could make that trip to
the Hall of Fame in the sky or what? He's going to that big Hall of Fame in the sky. Yeah, I don't
I don't think they've heard him in the babe and Luke. He's throwing out the first pitch like
Thurman Munson's throwing out the first pitch. He's going to be there too. He's going to catch it.
All right, man. Have a great day, pal. And then they're going to fly off and at, uh, we have an
open open line of day one and an hour and five six seven oh five fifty, Palm five sixty on the 18 T wireless
line. Joe and Joe, the Maggio baby. Oh, can't keep a good man down right even though he's 125 years old.
We're felling from it. We're so excited that Jolton Joe's out of the hospital.
Here's Pompano. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. You make me remember me. I'm the guy who gave you that
old CBL tape a couple of weeks ago. Oh, yes. Remember? Uh, you know, the atmosphere in that place is dead
totally, totally dead. So I've got an idea that maybe it'll put you up a little bit. Yeah, you know,
they play the leaps on the third. Why not bring Paul Morris down here to do the public address?
No, yeah. That's another thing. No, there's another thing because he's also the Maple Leaf
electrician. Maybe you can pick some of the bugs in the building. Oh, there he is. He's also the
electrician. Yeah, you didn't know that. No, he did not. No, you know, he doesn't fit at center.
Right. He said, I know. I know. He says they showed him. I'm trying to think which game it was. Maybe
was a week ago. Saturday showed him for the first time I've ever seen him. Yeah. He said the electricians
room. That's where he sits. Really? Yes. I used to be a vehicle can't electrician at the gardens.
Maybe we can kill two birds with one stone. He don't want to come here. Believe me.
It's annoying. I'd take up there. Maybe he was not. What was that? We were there this weekend. It
wasn't bad. It was the aftermath of the snow. It's a little slushy. Believe me, it beat down a lot
of being here. Well, I think that would help the atmosphere here and maybe improve some of the bugs
in the building too. Okay, sir. Have a great life. I'll try. Thanks. We have an open line in day one
and powered five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. So
Dr. Mark says about a beep. But I'm up. But I put you into this. Yeah, you screwed up, Dr. Mark. Why
did you admit it? Okay, you screwed up big time. You're a good guy. You never stole a freight train.
And this thing, by the way, ain't completely gone. It's mostly gone. But it's slow. In fact, it was
completely gone all weekend long. I left the house this morning feeling great. I came in here.
All of a sudden there's just a little touch of this back again. Maybe I'm just allergic to QAM.
Maybe I'm just allergic to this town. That could be it. I think that's a possibility.
Huh? Huh? Have to start doing a show from outside. Far away. Several time zones too, by the way.
Here's call Springs. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you today? Okay, sir. Okay, listen, I think you have
to relax with Tawville coming down here. The people don't know him. Yeah. Right? I just, I can't relate
to that. I can't understand. I understand that and you understand that. But the people down here
just like they didn't know the bees are. Yeah. And then all of a sudden they embrace them. This guy's
going to get on the ice. He's going to light it up. And before you know it, you're going to see
everyone wearing the Burry jersey. Okay. I hope you're right. I know. I'm right. Okay. You know,
one thing for your, your own benefit, and what's going to happen? A lot more Gary Glitter. Oh, no.
That's right. Oh, God. You know, it was pretty cool. They were playing Gary.
Oh, right. Have a great day. Nothing worse than somebody that talks when you're trying to talk
nothing worse. They were playing Gary Glitter. Minnesota, when Atlanta was getting ready to kick the
winning field goal and Morton Anderson. They were playing Gary Glitter when they were getting ready
to get beat. And the crowd's going, Hey, good. I'm thinking, why are you people cheering? Your
game is in Minnesota. They're about to lose the game that they had won, by the way. They're about to
lose and they're playing bad at the crowd. You know, I don't understand it. We have two open lines
in power at 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There is something in here.
I'm going to tell you that right now. And it doesn't surprise me because knowing that they don't even,
they won't even spring for an exterminator in this building, we got answered all kinds of crap
running around. You people over in the other building that are all excited about getting out of
there and moving in this building. I hate to break the news to you, but I think we got a
corporate disease. The duck cleaner was just in last week. Well, I got news for him. He must have
left a dirty duck or something. Yeah. I say a duck is what I say and let's get out of business.
There's something there's a fungus among us in this device because that was feeling great.
I left the house this morning feeling euphoric. I felt so good. And now all of a sudden I get a
little bit of this flush back and I'm choked and gagging plus this overhead is all screwed up by the
way. I mentioned in passing. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I listen. I'm sorry. I don't
mean to change the topic of your show, but I thought it might be a good idea if you let people
who are listening know that the system and he can use all the hope to get you. Okay. We have an
open line in day one and brown at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line. If you're not a silly little spick, we'd love to hear from you. Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, we'll gringo over here in Fort Myers, man. We just let you know
that we love you over here. Uh-huh. And why does everybody call and talk about basketball?
Who wants to hear it? Hey, if you guys want to see some good hockey, go see that Miami
Matterdoor is over there. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. Two calls left in the board. We got an open
line in a two-and-a-two and brown. At five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. How you doing today? Okay. I was doing great when I
came in. It's an hour twenty five minutes later. I'm not doing so good. I know to feel you press.
I'm ready to go break into tears. Listen, I wanted to ask you a question and ask you listeners
a question too. Have they ever heard of a treatment called chelation therapy? Oh, that's for
good for diabetes, blood pressure, high blood pressure. Sure. Why are you bringing this up? Don't
have enough problems here. I'll be able to name your starting with chelation therapy. Have you ever
heard of it? Of course. Oh, did you ever try it? No. Um, try it for what? I'm supposed to be able
to cure diabetes, a cure, a high blood pressure. Right. And there you go. Try and
try chelation therapy. If you got a you got a sprain toe, try chelation therapy. You got a headache,
try chelation therapy. That reminds me of shows I used to do years ago which I'm embarrassed by the
way. Do I dare say it? And by the way, that one spot that you want me to do on here, I will not do
it. Remember if she came and talked to me last week about it. I'm not doing a healthcare
response. Okay. Period. I'm not doing geriatric spots. I'm not doing healthcare spots.
Period. End of discussion. And years ago, I had a guy who's a nice guy. You know, he meant well and
uh, he had a used to have those boring terminal get the nutritionist and doctors and a chiropractor.
Oh, yeah. And the people are calling. Hello, Dr. I've got like cancer and green lips and gangrene
try chiropractic. Hello, Dr. I've got bleeding ulcers, try chiropractic. Hey, Dr. I've got like
bribonic plague and I've got trichiropractic. Seriously, no matter what it is they call that they had,
trichiropractic. Which I was inspired to mention because this guy's huck in the
achinic with this stupid chelation therapy with the same old tired double myses. We have two
open lines in date, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the end. By the way, if you've
got a bruise rectum like chiropractic man. No, the chiropractor is no about bruise rectum as most of them have one.
It's 1126 at 560 QAM. A lot of food.
The item was WB the premiere of Where My Woman At. Follow the hilarious misadventures of a
wife, feeder and his battered woman as she never gets the dinner on the table on time. Bobby Brown
and Whitney Houston star with special guest. Oh, Jay, it's tonight on the WB.
Here's the shocking facts for fired employees awarded 20 million dollars Albany Kentucky.
A jury awarded 20 million dollars to four former employees of a Walmart store after the
site and company unfairly fired them for eating damaged nuts and candy.
Each of the four workers was awarded a million dollars for slander, a million dollars for
embarrassment and mental anguish and three million dollars in punitive damages in the decision on
Friday. And whoever sent me the facts rights on the bottom, they should make the families of the
kids who got as a result of the WR Grayson Beatrice food contamination feel really good. Seven kids
that only a total of eight million. So seven kids that only worth eight million, but four people
who were fired from Walmart get a total of 20 million because they were eating damaged nuts and
candy and got their ass cam. Don't you teach your kids don't eat damaged nuts. That's one of the
first things you're supposed to tell them. We have an open line of day five six seven oh five
sixty. We got you managed by the way today. Yeah. Coming up at two o'clock from Schuylers day two for
Hank who's on the way back from Vegas or in transit or whatever. And then we got the books here.
Books are talking baseball six to eight o'clock tonight. Then talking to regular crap from eight to 10.
Eddie Kaplan talking pure gambling ten o'clock tonight. Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Very excited about Burray. Yeah. I don't know what's wrong with this town. I've
been sitting up there in section four fourteen all season and just waiting for something good to
happen. Um, Jova, gone to Vancouver. Burray's coming down. I'm really excited about it and people don't
realize this is like if the heat find tipping. You know, this is not like it. The heat side. This is
like if the heat side Michael Jordan. Yeah. You're right. You're right. I mean, it's just like if if
if they I guess we were talking Danny boy, they would understand. But they just don't understand
that this could we may ask people are so out of it, man. And now I understand now it's all
starting to, you know, come into focus for me. Why you go in there and you're seeing one thing and
all these are hey, right. I feel it stuck. I mean, you're dealing with seventeen, eighteen thousand
of those people that wouldn't know a guy named hockey puck if you stuck the whole team up there.
Right. They don't get it. They don't understand it. The only time they come along before they start
catching on a little bit. Uh, I don't know. The only time. How many goddamn years does it take?
Many, many more obviously. Jesus. Because I guess unless we rename the Stanley Cup to
Super Bowl Cup, it doesn't matter. Yeah. I mean, it's ridiculous. But I'm really excited. We sure
had a lot of those bad guys. I could jump for three years ago. Didn't we? Oh, they were all out there
waving their little they had their pant their rubber banders on their car as under windows. They
had them up paste that on their on their track. Go over the place. Oh, yeah. But now it's like and then
Murray, if he has a really more confidence than anybody else in this town. Yeah. I mean, Terry, I mean,
those guys out there last night, you're right. It was and I was at the Islander game. They're not
playing for it. Did I say early in the season that these guys work on a play for him? And you watch
these last two games and they're in a coma. They look like Rip Van Winkle in a deep sleep.
With Todd Woff with his little Russian ice show out there, you can't shoot. He's afraid you got
race so scared like he's going to bench him or something. And they're all just running around out
there like they don't know what the hell is going on. But that's all I had to say. And in closing,
Ed Joe Vancouver. We have an open line of day one and brodered 5 6 7 what do you say? 5 6 7 0 5 60
and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless. What what what what he be saying? Here's a mobile and candle. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'll be at a good vacation. I don't have any vacation. I had a three day weekend
out of vacation. Well, no, great time. Wonderful. All right. That's all right. You can kick you in the Toronto.
Yes. All right. Back in 96 when I first started getting interested in the passes, of course, you know,
I got excited because they're great running everything. But I took it upon myself to learn the game
and understand how it's played, understand what's icing, you know, all the penalties and everything.
And I don't even go to the games. I watched the games on TV. Yeah. That's all I do. Of course,
I have to listen to Rimmer talk about. I mean, what else can I do about it? Well, maybe it'll be
just as compared to merchandise if you watch enough. Yeah. I can't believe people don't know who's
have a word is. That's scary. That is downright scary to me. I just can't comprehend it.
When I got a hockey, I bought, you know, I'm a young guy. I bought video games and everything. I
played. I understood, you know, with that, I played all the roles and everything. And I also
played the game, you know, like street hockey everything. I think it'll find myself to understand
the sport if I'm going to get into it. And these people here, they're by season ticket. I've been to
some of the games. I do a screen and, you know, drink just like in the football game. And we don't
understand what the hell is going on. It's really disappointing. That's my, that's it, Neil.
Well, thank God for you and me. All right. Have a great day. Okay. Well, see, there's
somebody that actually making a little effort to find out what's going on out there. These people
don't care. It's a party out there. Like I keep saying the same thing over and over again. But I
just have to pinch myself to believe that it's true. To believe that there were that many
disinterested people who are all congregating in one place who couldn't give a crap lesson or
know nothing about it. And they're just there to kill some time. That's very believable. Here,
isn't it? Kill some time. And this God forsaken place. I mean, you can't shop at the sod rest non-stop.
Round the clock. Sooner or later, you got to find something else to do. Take your finger out of
your neck over there and they'll kill a couple hours. Kill two or three good hours. Wander around each
of them that expensive overpriced food. Shmoos in the hallway. Get on your cell phone. You know,
kill some good time. Here's Candolimo driver who's waiting for his Panther paraphernalia.
It has a very long wait by the way. It turned to me into a star here. Yeah. Yeah, it's not like that
with the room right now. It's him a long time. So it's because you know him a long time. That means
that you got to give him limo rides for free. No, no, he's kind of a buddy. So what about it?
No, it's not like we're trading. You're kind of buddies. Anybody is Rimmer's buddy. If you do
stuff for him for free. If I am meals, you give him limo rides for buddies. Yeah, he's
considerate back to me. He's a good guy. So by doing what?
I don't want to do it. What does he get? What does he get for you? He's got me to games.
He gets you in the game. Yeah. Yeah. And I've got some stuff. Some stuff. Fine.
And got some stuff. Just like I said. There you go. Yeah, but it's no big deal to me.
No big deal to him. It's a... You're damn right. It's no big deal to him.
They're talking about dying. It doesn't cost me a dime either.
Well, you're easy. That's all I can do. That's true. And you know, you're right.
This guy's made a whole... He's made a whole lifetime of guys like you.
Oh, I know. But he's still a good guy. He doesn't take advantage of me.
He didn't say he's not a good guy. He's just a cheap prick. That's all he's a good guy.
He's a cheap prick. Yes, he is.
No. He's all right. I'm used to cheap prick. I drive them all day long, so.
But you're right about getting a burry in. It's really what I call.
It's like getting marked with a car. They have no idea who he is.
No, I can't. I'm jumping up that one. They have no idea who this man is. The Russian rocket.
They don't know him from the pocket rocket. Well, at least you know,
have somebody to pass the puck to him now while he's sitting in front of the net.
Like nobody else doing that to him. But they have no idea. But they're like that with the
Marlins or like that with the basketball team for both teams. They don't care.
And that's something really big happens. And they splash it all over the newspapers and the news.
Now I understand why they love Peter Worell. They can relate to that.
Oh, I think he's beating the crap out of everybody. That's the idea of excitement. That's what they want to see.
My wife who knows nothing about hockey says, who is this guy? He can't even skate.
You know, she could even somebody knows nothing about hockey understands what's going on.
He's a terrible hockey player. All he does is beat people.
You might have my Tyson skating around on that ring.
Yeah, now by the way, another great performance in Vegas, my man.
Another nice one.
Big fat bum that he thought he had great interview. Big fat bum and a near ride at the end of the first round.
Beauty. Just great.
All right, yo. I'll stop by and maybe see you in the next game.
Okay, Kim. Thanks.
There's poor Kim.
That's the American way.
That's right. Mike Tyson. You know what America is now?
America has become the jury spinger show.
Period.
I'm telling you that that's America for you.
Everything in America has become now the jury spinger show.
Including that Tyson thing with that ball at the end of the first round and all the
afforded all the.
And you know, even when it doesn't have to be a strong company man there, you know,
like how the jury spinger show.
He has invented a new America.
21 till noon at 560 W2 AM.
This is 560 QAF.
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts their both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to hold it out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It rub it on my brush.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to try to get my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I need to get my legs, I see.
I like to dance around this way.
Bobby, I love squaring to the air.
Bobby, I want to look for like a wolf.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It takes it more by skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my PPE.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin so it's my eyeball.
I call it 45 at 5.50 W.M.
Here it goes from Mendisquery from New Year.
This morning's episode of Hero Trippings.
In fact, bridge tenders, treble waters.
After receiving a complaint from a passing voter, a passing voter,
county officials are working to correct several prohibited methods of sewage disposal
at local draw bridges.
Cramped in the tiny shacks, some would know disposal systems for eight straight hours,
some bridge tenders have resorted to using funnels and pipes.
That discharge directly onto pilings and the water below.
Officials said that this charges were prohibited and pledged to correct.
That's a prohibited discharge there.
Oh, geez.
Absolutely correct.
At the beach people see people pee in the water every day,
said environmental specialist John Ryan, who discovered the situation.
It's not a big pollution issue.
Unless you're the guy in the boat below, I guess then it's just rude.
It's just a really rudeness to issue.
Well, I guess if they just squirt squirting in the tube,
but what about if they're doing something more serious in the tube?
And it's got a picture here and the inset it shows a toilet.
It says an incinerator toilet is provided the alb-road bridge,
but it seldom used because it stays hot for so long after each use.
Giving new meaning to the term hot.
Right.
Hot shot.
I thought that was like an insecticide.
Well, we could show you some around here.
Hot shot.
Ryan's pollution control division was notified about the situation
December 4 after a boat or an Venetian annual Christmas boat parade
called in and reported some type of sewage had leaked down from the hatchet creek bridge.
Tenders, oh, I love the way they got this written,
from the hatchet creek bridge tenders house and into his boat.
Some form of sewage.
Further investigation revealed that there was a minor leak in the sewage
pipe running underneath the bridge,
but that it was leaking onto the creek's bank.
Absolutely correct.
When Ryan and others examined other bridges without sewer connections,
they found some of the unusual hygiene sanitation situations.
At the Manasota Beach Road Bridge workers told Ryan how they typically use old coffee cups
as makeshift toilets and pour the fill cups out the window when no one is watching.
At the alb-road bridge, things were even a bit more refined.
Fansions out of the wall of the bridge tenders house,
Ryan found a small funnel-like fixture that drain outside the wall of the tenders house
onto the pilings and the intercoast of waterway below.
Also, at Alby Road, there's a slightly more environmentally friendly waste disposal system.
It's a self-contained toilet with a built-in incinerator,
but workers told Ryan that they seldom use the toilet because it can remain too hot to touch
for more than an hour after each use.
After talking to the bridge workers, Ryan called county officials in charge of the draw bridges.
We asked them to fix it and they readily agreed.
It's small potatoes, but it is prohibited so they'll fix it.
Maybe that's what they're doing in there, small...
Absolutely correct.
Dan Blackwood, manager of the county's road and bridge operation,
the vision setting was shocked by Ryan's descriptions.
County workers were asked to remedy to rectify the situation
because votes come by at all hours,
lunch breaks, smoke breaks, and potty breaks are not part of the bridge tenders job description.
Blackwood said his division part of the county's transportation department
is looking in ways to bring adequate toilet facilities
to draw bridges located where water and sewer lines don't exist.
We're gonna try to see if there's a better mouse trap out there, he said.
Well, I don't know about you, but you saw my thumb stupid idiotic.
Stupid idiotic.
Stupid idiotic.
Idiotic idiotic.
Idiotic idiotic.
Idiotic idiotic.
Idiotic idiotic.
Thank you.
Okay, let's do a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Dear God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Well, what can I say about some Florida and the fans down here are all hypocrites.
The only reason they started putting a panther flags and marlin flags up on their cars
is because they finally made the playoffs.
What about during the season? Nobody put everything up during the season.
Everyone's going like they are now.
Right.
And then the moment they make it to the playoffs, they do something great.
Only when we love the panthers, we love the panthers.
Yeah.
The funny thing here is now I just think they're kind of like that bridge tenders situation
they're full of crap.
Exactly, exactly.
And the funny thing is now I see biking flags up for football.
Oh, what happened?
I thought this was a...
Oh, sorry.
When the red wind played down here early in the season, we had 2000 people running around in the macarena
with red wind up here if they wanted to Stanley Cup for years in a row.
So all of a sudden we got all these make believe red wind fans.
Exactly.
I'm a bearish.
I don't even know what to do.
Both of those people find Detroit on the map.
Exactly.
Let me make a shameless request.
Yes, sir.
I haven't heard any long time.
Makes me laugh.
I'll most probably be calling the bad before I work on it.
All right, thanks a lot.
Have a great day pal.
We have an open line today at 5.6705.60, 05.560, on the AT&T wireless line.
We have tested the knowledge of the South Florida sports fans today
and we've discovered that they don't have any.
Well, we already knew that, didn't we?
We know that.
Uh-huh.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, I'm a first time caller.
It's what's asking you a question.
I want you to hang up on me now.
I want to know what to say to you.
No, wait a minute.
Why do you say that before you proceed?
Well, as you say that, it indicates to me that I am going to hang up on you.
Not necessarily.
See, I'm not necessarily.
I just want to know what you're going to have to say.
Almost guaranteed.
Which is satisfaction with the Miami Heat.
Well, what does that mean?
My dissatisfaction.
I have no interest in the location.
I have no interest that is any of the call today.
Little Julio, I'm not interested.
Don't care about basketball.
It's not a sports show.
Okay, it's the Neo-Rogger show.
What you know, okay?
My little stick friend.
Don't care.
No interest.
Not interested in the 7-foot freaks, okay?
But have a nice day.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neo.
Yes, sir.
That left story about the garbage really stunk.
But with it the game last night.
Terminal.
Absolutely terminal.
Very excited about our Pogbal Barrai coming in.
It's going to really pick up the team or at least make it exciting.
But the one thing I disagreed with Jan was the ice surface.
It is a bad ice surface, but Buffalo is playing on the same ice surface.
And they seem to score.
That's not the point.
I'm not saying that we're losing because I'm saying that if you want to have a real game
and enjoyable game, and especially when you're building a team that's with all the speed on it,
you want to have great ice.
That's true.
In fact, Buffalo was a much better team than we are right now.
I'm not surprised we lost the game, although I'm surprised it didn't show up at all.
But I'm not surprised we lost the game.
But the point is if you want to see a real game, you got to have a quality sheet of ice out there.
You can't put that crap out there and expect the people to enjoy what they see.
Is that crap?
No, that's true.
But you can see these guys were in the offensive zone.
They weren't taking shots.
They were spinning around doing pirouettes, ice angels, and all that.
That's a different issue.
I'm not even going to talk about that.
I was talking about that.
They were pathetic.
That's right.
But as far as the atmosphere inside the new arena, there isn't any.
There isn't any.
Even in Miami Arena, it was a bit better.
I know a lot better here.
And you know what I think it is?
It stems from most of the people, if you look around your seats, they're just there,
not as hockey fans, a lot of them, just there because it's an event or something that they're doing.
They're just losers.
Yeah, there's women there.
They're talking.
People aren't clapping when something's going on.
I mean, maybe when they're exactly.
I mean, so people here only go to the games just as like an event.
Maybe that's what they should have named it though.
Oh, we're in it.
You alright, Neil?
Thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
Well, I think we've already decided that it's a social gathering place where people
just want to get out of the house for a couple hours and somebody gave them a ticket.
Or maybe they actually bought some tickets.
And it's a good place to get out, bring the pin, the ass little kid, go have a little bit of, you know,
a little bit of social activity, then leave nice and early.
Like I did last night, by the way.
I got there light left early.
I've become a real soft-vote sports fan.
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you.
Sonny Isles.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you today, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Went to the game last night, also, first time at the New Mac arena.
Yeah.
Had a great time.
Three things noteworthy that I could find from the game.
Cosloff was dribbling the puck.
Like it was a basketball.
Well, maybe he knows the NBA star enough to get in.
He's, you know, he's six six.
He's big enough.
There was a beautiful goal scored by Buffalo.
We were in one section 125, the pass behind in front of the net.
There was their third goal.
It was very exciting.
Yeah, it was hit next pass.
I forget to score the goal, but yeah.
Yeah, Grocer, I think.
And then one of the people in the stands, he had a Jovenasski shirt on.
And he had it covered up with a beret with a question mark for a number.
So that was a little bit of a bit of a thing.
Find number 10, sir.
Number 10, he wore 10 N-I-D 6-Event covers that we were in.
I thought we were trying to tell him, but he wouldn't listen.
Now, before the game, I think this was an omen of things to come, Neil.
Driving from semi-isles across the William Lane and Cosbury,
what we found about sunrise, this is about 6 o'clock at night.
A huge green heron flying in front of me about 50 yards in front,
maybe 100 feet above the ground, and it let loose.
A herodactyl sized armlet.
Wow.
And I promised you, I swear it landed directly on my windshield in my front hood.
And I had a nice souvenir that we took to the game.
I washed it off in the morning, took a photo of it.
Of course, I had to wipe the windshield, so I was there.
You see what I was doing?
Polo of it?
Yeah.
Well, I just put some lotion in the basket.
Well, I say, yeah.
I was going to ask you, what does that mean?
Put the lotion in the motion.
Put the lotion in the basket.
Well, like they said, when the eye told us a lot of the plane
that puts the motion in the casket, okay, we have two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Isn't that what they said when they let Joe to measure you out of the hospital?
It put the motion in the...
Come on, don't be picking on Joe D.
He's an American icon, Mr.
You don't be a pick on people like that.
You smart ass.
Okay.
Sorry.
At least they know who Joe to measure it.
Do they know who Joe to measure it?
No.
It's 1155 and 560 WQAM.
I did it in Newwood in late.
And again, it went away.
Thank you, Joseph and Son.
I feel like my fish cuts broke.
And like a miracle I had a new one in less than an hour.
Thank you, Joseph and Son.
Hi, I'm Jesus Christ.
You know, it ain't easy living in Jerusalem when you look like Peter O'Toole
and you can't speak a lick of Aramaic.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's why here at Joseph and Son Carpentry Shop,
you'll always receive quality work at miraculously low prices.
Right, Bob?
Sure.
So for the finest in custom wood graphing,
from a bookcase to an art,
don't settle for any slub who just builds crosses.
Try Joseph and Son Carpentry Shop.
Our work is guaranteed.
My hand to God.
Come know the 560 WQAM,
my hand to the Antichrist, baby.
Oh, God!
There you go.
Jerry Falwell says he's going to be a Jew.
That's me, I think, by the time I see him,
that if he's going to be a Jew,
it's going to be a male, it's going to be a Jew.
That's what Jerry Falwell says.
We have an open line in power all of a day.
Look at that.
We're back to this sub-business again.
Now, they promised me they guaranteed us upstairs.
Of course, they lie a lot.
Oh, after the first of the year,
all this formatted business is going to stop.
All these long breaks when you lose all your calls.
That's going to stop.
It'll be no spots.
Radio.
Yeah, right.
That lasted for what?
About two and a half days.
And now we've got spots up there.
We're back to our four-minute breaks again.
And they're back into this dilemma again.
The same thing that we had like three, four weeks ago.
And then they just keep running away and avoiding.
And avoiding and avoiding lying through their teeth.
Which is what they do the best here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Happy two-fish ride.
Whatever you say.
What do you have on your line?
You know, the one thing about it.
I thought it was porn.
I thought it was circus, maybe?
I don't know.
That held the line up.
That could be the anti-crime for all, you know.
You know, in terms of Burray, you know,
this reunites him with McLean, right?
So right away, you know, McLean should be playing better, correct?
Well, what is, what is, what is Pavel Brickham
and you're having anything to do with how Kirk McLean is going to play?
Well, I mean, let's say he would play also great way.
He would play up there with him.
What, what does one have to do with the other?
They play together during the,
one, certainly, they've been during the,
for the Stanley Cup several years ago.
Yeah.
So maybe this will give him a, you know,
a little rise in his pants, you know,
and Jack came up a little bit because what worked out part last night?
No, he did not.
Kirk didn't let a one bad goal last night.
You're absolutely wrong.
No, a short tie.
He let that one short tie in, and he should never.
Sure.
Let me say it again.
He didn't let one bad goal, and I was there.
Well, no, wait, I wasn't there the first two.
I leave it to you.
I didn't, I watched the game, but, you know, I, I thought,
well, I could only tell by what Christina was saying on radio
on the first two, because I didn't see those.
But the third and the fourth goals were not his fault.
Now you have to raise another question.
I did this guy the worst play by play guy ever heard.
Absolutely.
And you know, from the, just like the newspapers here,
he fits in like a glove.
Yeah, what the hell is going on during the game?
I can't tell.
I'm listening to the guy.
He's jabbing with, uh, Molly.
And, uh, you know, there's, you know, there's, Molly.
That's, that's the name of our pregame show.
Jabbing with Molly.
Okay, calm down, pal.
Nobody cares.
We have an open line in Broward.
All three in date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
five, 60 on a mobile one line.
But I sure miss Lou and Debbie on a mobile after the game.
Yeah, Scott's worth.
He's got a great sense of humor.
Oh, we missed those scat calls after the game.
And he was serious.
That was the best part.
He was serious.
Here's Sport Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Did you enjoy your day off yesterday?
Yes, I did.
Very much.
Well, we missed you.
Was it the macaroni yesterday?
Neil and I got to tell you, the game was pretty,
pretty, pretty pathetic.
Yeah.
The panthers part.
And I do have to agree with you, Neil, about the ice.
The ice is absolutely awful there.
And hopefully, hopefully, they'll be able to do something about that
maybe before the year is up.
I don't even hear anybody talking about it.
Nobody writes about it.
Nobody is talking about it.
Nobody says anything about that.
About the gold lights.
It's like, it's like, I'm saying there seems to be a bad guy
or to create problems.
I'm not imagining these things.
Well, you just want to say,
anybody with one eye can see it.
Yeah, I think you and all the rest of the true hockey fans down here
just want things to be the way they should be.
To make the game better for the fans
and for everyone involved for the players, everybody.
Terrific about the trade.
Glad to see you.
Glad to see you.
High-powered high-class offense maybe coming to Florida now with Pavelle.
Then nobody in this town ever heard of?
Well, I remember.
I don't know.
Sir, I like I said before.
I don't know whether to cry or wipe my watch to quote my line.
I just don't know what to say.
How is this possible?
How is this possible?
And this is supposed to be the goddamn sports station.
Well, you think the guys on the sports radio are bad.
I'm telling you, you know, these guys on sports channel,
Denise Poffen and the other Pots, they're absolutely horrible.
I listened to the game that they called a couple nights ago on television
and absolutely lifeless, boring, parable.
Lifeless?
Rather good of the game.
Well, maybe Rimmer's not getting enough freebies.
Then that's the problem.
And the last time I was at the Macarena,
was at the bottom, what was it about a week and a half ago,
something like that.
I'm telling you, the food there is awful as well.
Okay, well, I'm glad you're having a good time.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, one call left in the board and then it's that good old time music.
Whatever you got queued up in there.
I'm game fourth.
I feel like they've been.
I'm so game fourth.
Jesus Christ.
You know, I really believe that I'm like 1200 miles away.
I'm hearing about the brewery thing.
I'm all piped off and fired up.
I'm all excited.
And I'm thinking, boy, when I get back there finally,
finally something exciting happened in that town.
And it's like put your head on this.
Like it says in a bit.
Put your head on the table, Ronnie.
It's that time, you know.
Man.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Who's our last call?
It's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hey, there. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I was at that game last night.
I've been using the truth.
All those golees were moving like ten minutes.
It is this is going as it is here.
Well, meaning what?
What does that mean?
They don't move.
They have no rhythm.
They play so deep in the net.
No wonder they score goals on them.
Uh-huh. No wonder they score goals.
So in other words, they're supposed to not give up any goals.
You know what I'm saying?
They're supposed to, but they play so deep in the net.
So another one you have to get when you get shot out for it or nothing.
And when you play a lethargic game and you have no offense,
it was the goalies fall last night.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm not saying that.
What are you saying?
I'm saying that.
You're saying that you know nothing about the game
and we appreciate your honesty.
Thank you.
Yeah, you're playing too deep in the net, Sean.
When it's out, come back out.
And if I were you, I'd be hiding in that net too,
the way they were playing last night.
I'd be way back in there.
Hunch down, waiting for the worst.
Open line of day two and broiled five six seven,
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's Boker.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm a hockey fan.
I know this.
That was Burian lineup.
We won't see another game like last night for a long time.
I sure hope not.
Just to watch him skate.
Yeah.
And sometimes they're paying more on the fly.
That's why I'm a mission.
That's why he doesn't just skate around and surf.
I think they're car's love.
He makes moves toward the net fast.
Yeah.
And he makes it in that usually.
So I'm happy I'm speaking up and they're going to kick some ass.
I'll make the playoffs.
Okay.
All right.
Did he sound confident or what?
No.
No.
No, it sounded like he was going to next thing
was going to say something about his nipple ring.
I'm positive he was going to say that.
We have an open line in there.
No, and all these things.
That's what he said.
All these things.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, and 5, 6, 8 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, regarding the ice.
It was a big story on the news the other night that the circus was in town so they had to rip up the ice
and they had this big story about the guy who actually sprayed the ice and put the ice back down.
Yeah.
That could be the reason why the ice is all crappy.
Yeah.
That's what they said.
Well, it was bad before but now it's worse than it was ever before.
Yeah.
Well, they were.
They were throwing a guy who was just spraying down the ice and talking about it.
Well, somebody ought to spray his ass down because he sucks.
That's why they call me ice man.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
There you go.
Two open lines indeed.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
You're complaining too much about these things.
Just go there and have a good time.
Just go there and spend all your money on Wayne's food.
Okay.
Wayne's God.
Wayne's saved two franchises in one week.
What's your claim to, sir?
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey.
What?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil and Kendall.
How you doing?
Okay.
One time listener, first time caller.
I'm disappointed in you.
Disappointed in me?
Yes.
What did I do to you, sir?
You're such a great talk to your host.
Yes.
Got the answers to everything.
Yeah.
You make a lot of sense to me.
Uh-huh.
And why the hell aren't you running for the president of the United States?
Oh, Jesus.
Two open lines indeed.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Sir, you're the silliest, the most pathetic waste of space.
Please stop with your bull crap.
Okay.
Your killing us with crap.
I'm sitting here.
I can't even get a few lines on board to talk to me.
Why aren't you running for the president?
Oh, God.
If the call weren't that bad, I'd be moist from the heavy suction.
Okay.
But the call was so bad that it wouldn't arouse me in a billion years.
Okay.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
That's the kind of call you hear on the light bulb.
The light bulb.
Oh, you're such a brilliant man.
You entertain us so much.
Oh, welcome you hardwitting.
Hmm.
Thank you.
What are you looking at me with a finger?
How are we supposed to know that?
Not that I'm getting exercise.
Not that I'm getting upset because right now there's another BS artist.
How could one building have somebody bull crap artists in it?
Huh?
That's what I would like to know.
God comes down.
He looks you in the face.
He tells you all the right things.
This guy's going to take care of copy.
He's going to get the sales staff all straight enough.
We're going to get stuff updated.
And then as he shows face today.
No.
Is the copy like one spot I just had across out?
Because it's like advertising something that ended yesterday.
Is that updated?
No.
The other one that's three months old.
Is that been updated?
No.
Do I see this man?
No.
Do we care?
No.
That's the sad part.
We just don't care.
And I'm getting exercise about it.
I'm getting worked up about it.
Because I think we're supposed to be here doing a job for these people.
And the people upstairs, these party, I have no idea what they're doing.
Is our program director, Carabodot?
No.
Is our sales manager, screw and is she Carabodot?
No.
Is Ray Perry seem to Carabodot?
No.
Does Greg read Carabodot?
Ha ha ha.
We have an open line in Broward 2nd Day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 on a mobile line.
Seriously, like I said before, screw and when it Ray Perry, all these people don't even waste your time coming near me.
Don't even come here.
I don't want to talk to you.
Okay?
Stay the hell away.
Because you're all full of the same big smelly pile of crap.
Ha ha ha ha.
They talk and they talk and they talk a good game.
And when it comes down to doing even the simplest basic things.
Which is like I said before, that's why it fits in like a glove.
Just like the thing with a arena.
Which nothing works in there.
Nobody cares.
You've got to stop caring.
That's the bottom line.
Cross the spots out.
Stop caring.
Or just do the spot that says, hey through Monday, meaning yesterday.
And expect the client to pay for it.
Which I'm not going to do.
But do they care about that upstairs?
No.
They don't care.
They just know the spot and get the money.
Or let's put a couple of sponsors on back to back that are selling basically the same product.
Do we care about that?
No.
How we don't care about that?
We're not concerned about client separation.
We just want to throw a bunch of stuff on here.
Even if we got like some 10 year old kid off the street.
Which we do it.
People that came in that got lost.
That went in there to use the T-roll man on the street.
Which God forbid if they should open that door up.
Wow.
You think that bridge center had problems?
Man.
Kids that walked in off the street that had to take a quick bump.
Oh, I hate by the way.
You want to cut a spot for us while you're in here?
We'll give you a couple of tickets to ballgame somewhere.
Oh, that's great, Mr. Where's the spot?
Here's a mobile and Delray B.
Hello?
Hi.
I'm a new cancer fan.
But who is Pablo first?
I'm not familiar.
You're not familiar with what?
Pablo Bird.
Pablo what?
Pablo Raymond Burries dead.
And you ought to be too.
We have an open line of date and two of the Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, punch.
What a great attempt at humor that was.
When that was that great?
That was pathetic.
And by the way, go back to New York.
You're still an asshole.
Here is the adventurer.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just like to touch up on how these fans, these panthers fans are acting.
They don't even know who Pablo Bird is.
All right, this guy is like...
How could any...
Listen, let me ask you this seriously.
How could anybody over the age of 10 go to a hockey game, pay money or take somebody else's tickets?
Go to an national hockey league game and not know who Pablo Bird is.
How is that possible?
Because they don't follow how he just thinks it's an event like he said.
They pay the money to do something.
They just have something to do because they have nothing better to do with a pathetic life.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, the fans down here amaze me how people act.
Every time something happens that I say to myself, this to me is the ultimate.
I can't believe that this to be...
And then something like today comes along and it just blows me away.
I can't believe it.
I can't...
I cannot force myself to believe this.
I mean, how...
How can you possibly...
People act like nothing has happened.
You know, we find probably the best player in the NFL.
We're going to be finished by 10 million dollars a year, okay?
There is no other athlete that plays other than those streaks in the NBA.
There is no other athlete that plays in this town that's ever going to earn 10 million dollars a year
and these people still don't have any idea who it is.
It's amazing, isn't it?
But they do like Peter Wrell. Just keep that in mind.
We have an open line in the end and plays a lot cheaper, too, by the way.
Open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
on his face, very alleged concern. Oh, yeah, this is wrong. We got to get these things straight. Now we're going to get this copy replay and
and we have the same situation that drags on and on and God forbid that that fat Jew fags should get on here and open up a mouth and say something about it. There he goes making trouble again. Like I'm looking for this. You know, like I reach over here. I pull out whatever is in the folder. Like I'm looking for a problem. I am assuming that maybe something is in there.
That is timely and ought to be on the air that somebody is paying for us to do for them. What a silly notion. How to be dick in this idea.
And like I said before, if I were Jeff, I wouldn't be running around all over the macaroon and yellow as well as I could that brook Daniel sucks.
Okay? But you know, something Jeff, I at least was good for comic relief. Huh? You got to admit that. See, I finally got you on one. He was good for comic relief. He was a panic.
Not not intentionally. But you just look at him and you'd pee in your pants laughing. Oh my God. Look at that tub of crap. He's got the cane and he's like his stomach is exploding. I was expecting him to waddle in one day. Just explode right in the studio.
400 pounds of crap right there in the middle of the studio. So at least there was some comic relief. One thing about this sales department. It's not funny. No. Oh no. There's nothing funny about the QAM sales department Virginia.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir? Well, I'm out here right back to harsh reality. I'm out here with a couple of buddies in mind. We're over here at the convention center. They're down here from Atlanta. They just can't believe their sound of the beach. Between all the hot looking women and all the gay guys running around. They don't know what's going on. Yeah. But they're having a good time. It's scary out here though. What this out to each other about? Okay. We have an open line of day one and groward. 5 6 7 0 5 6 6 9 0 8. I'm going to get you to the next one. I'm going to get you to the next one. I'm going to get you to the next one. I'm going to get you to the next one. I'm going to get you to the next one. I'm going to get you to the next one. I'm going to get you to the next
20 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's homestead. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. What's going on? Yeah. I got your solution to the ice palm at the Macarena. Yeah. Well, a blades baby. Two open lines in date. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's popping. Oh, be chill out. Yeah, yeah. I was going. Okay. Listen, first of all, you're on a one point that he's not the only happy. You know, that's going to hurt me. At least South Florida. I'm answering 10 million. Yeah.
I'm answering 10 million a year. Who's the other one? The other one. No, I said other than the NBA is what I said. Okay. You were not. You were not. We have an open line in date. One and
brown. Say if you want to have a conversation, that's fine. That means you talk. Then I talk 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Let me say it again. Other than the NBA, which is exactly what I said before. He is the only South Florida
athlete to be making that kind of money. You would assume that people who claim to be sports fans, especially claim to be hockey fans, would have some idea who he is, where he played, what he's done, what his shoe sizes, et cetera, and so on. And what say lipstick could be
working for the opening game. Here's Pemberg Pine. Hello. Hey, I don't know. Okay, sir. I'm trying to save the after these last four calls. I know you
pre-eiritated, right? No, I'm not. Oh, really? Why should I be irritated? I'm only irritated because our sales department sucks. That's why I'm irritated. Okay. They're full of crap. Yeah. Because they don't serve us
their accounts because they lie a lot because we got 55 sales managers upstairs. And not one of them is doing a goddamn thing that I can see. But
anyway, go ahead. Okay. Well, last night, you were the game, right? I was there. Okay. Why were some of the MTC? I was watching TV and it seemed like the whole lower ball, like
one third of lower ball was empty. Well, late in the game, can you blame anybody for leaving that game? I left early. I left with 10 minutes.
I was about like in the at the beginning of the second period, even it seemed like it was pretty empty down there. Well, they claim they had
17,000. I would say it was about, I don't know, 16,000 or last night. What does that have to do with anything? I mean, there was a reason.
That just says right there. Why none of these people know who powbo burry are. They're all either outside, probably getting food, you know, spend an
all their money, get buying all the food there. Oh, hey, I got news for it. At the end of the second period, a lot of people never even bother
coming back. It was for nothing at that point. And you'd be amazed at how empty that was. The start of the third. It was a ghost town.
I had to make it pretty easy to get another very big right. That's why we waited another few minutes and would just zip right out of there. It's
only two minutes. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, but yeah, you know, we did have one 10, $9,000 athlete for a while, but we tried to 10 remember
Schuffield. Yeah, right. So that's why we're never gonna have because we got Wayne down here. So he's not gonna pony up. Well,
if Gary Schuffield was worth $10 million, I think we should, you know, it was where it was worth getting rid of the
disc. I'm telling you, there is something in the area here. God, I'm coming back to such a mess in this place.
What an amazing change in my life. I love, I'm not joking about this. I love the house this morning feeling better than I have in years.
Not months, not weeks in years. I felt great.
Now, I'm in a six studio with a goddamn sales manager, the sales manager of the week who's full of crap with copy that's
older than the Thuslas grandmother. And I'm gagging and choking and puking over here. It's kind of like deja vu all over again.
It's like shades of the old corporate disease at IOD before we had a threat and to call OSHA. What'd it be ashamed if we had to do that here?
Huh? You know, I mentioned this to you the other day.
The George off, I think was off the air when I when we first came in, you and me and Norm Ken, we came in, whatever the hell I was,
you're in a half ago, almost you're in a half. And we got the guided tour of upstairs on the third floor, which at that time was the old power 96 before the new studio.
And the carpeting was filthy and there were stains on the floor and on the walls and I'm thinking of myself, what kind of slabs are these people?
What kind of a slob is Greg Reed that he that he operates a a schlock toilet like this?
Yeah, and you're rolling your eyes and then of course the clean then and then yeah, right. And then that day I went to pick you up to go down to get the car.
Well, over on Sheridan Street and I walked into there for about a minute waiting for George and I looked around and the bluff lens he gave me the guided tour,
which thank God I can hold my breath for at least 30 seconds. And I thought to myself to call this a toilet would be an insult to the plumbing industry.
Slabs, that's what we're dealing with here slabs, a place that doesn't even want to even spend the money for a, for an exterminator once a month, once every six months.
The guy the poor, the guy has to show up for one of our listeners from off the street a few days ago, spritzing around here with a can too, he spritzing it.
Because he felt so sorry for us, but they they don't even want to spring for bucks for exterminator. This is a sick building, baby.
It's a sick god damn building with a bunch of slabs running it up there. And you wonder why we have this kind of a situation and these people over on Sheridan Street, they're kissing the ground because this is the week they're getting out of there and they're coming over here. Surprise!
Guess what? In fact, you know something, maybe they imported, maybe they brought it in special, maybe they maybe somehow they sucked up some of the air from the other building and they brought it in here.
You know, those what do they call those squeeze things, you know, the piece to those old fashioned squeeze deals with the dust.
And maybe they just cut loose a whole bunch of the air from the other building to make those people feel at home.
So that any long term ailments that you know are recurrent, they won't go away real quick because then they would understand that it was the building and it would be a sick building and then they'd sue their ass.
What do they call those big things that they blow bellows? Bellows, very good. You used to play for the Canadians.
We have an open line in Broward, 566705, 60.560 on a mobile one line, 1226 here at QAM.
So kids, you want a career in the Navy? What do you think you'd like to do?
Oh, I don't know, maybe. Do they have a cruise director?
No, why do you want to join, son?
Oh, I don't know. Something about a crisp white bell bottom uniform with a snappy little black tie and a Shirley Tipple hat that says,
I'm clean and ready for inspection, sir. Do they have a smooth deck? I sure would like to play on that. That's a funny word.
Smooth deck, smooth deck, smooth deck. Do they serve my ties on the ship? Oh, stay away!
From 40 to 56670 on Mad Dog, Jim Manage, coming up for Hank and two of the 7-in from Shrew List, two Boog Shombie talking baseball.
Six days, we're not sure why, but nevertheless he will be the 8 to 10 he's talking other crap and 10 o'clock Ed Kaplan with a gambling show.
We have two open lines in Broward one and a we discovered today in 2.5 hours that nobody here knows anything about anything which at least were consistent.
56670560.560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello?
Yeah, these people around here in South Florida, they don't understand how it's close and exciting this athlete that we're getting. They've never seen anything like it.
Yeah. And it's going to, I'm so excited for it and what I've got to give the international credit for is we don't have to give anything up for it.
Oh, it was a steal, it was a great deal. Yeah, I mean, they got rid of Gagne's 2.3 million dollar salary which they were dying to give rid of him and they got rid of special Ed. Well, what could you have gone?
I've been reading the Vancouver newspapers all week because I know it was coming down soon or somebody was going to get them and I kept reignated either, you know, Joe Bennowsky or Bruno Cohn is going to either be me or a caboch.
I was just praying it was me to my I wanted to keep the Varsha and either one had to go. I was just I just couldn't believe it.
Yeah, it was a great watch. I did watch Gagne play last night in Vancouver. He looked great of course, but you know.
Yeah, but again, he wasn't there. He was never going to be great here. You know, he played here for about five years and with Terry Murray, he was never going to be a player.
No, I understand that. No problem with getting rid of him, but he did. He did look pretty good.
I saw the last part of that game. He did play. I was watching a Panther game. I couldn't stand any longer. I had to watch something else.
I could have stand it. So and the other thing is I was singing. I got a two and a half year old.
And the other day I'm singing in the car that George George, Jorge Rodriguez song.
Yeah. And my mother and I was babysitting last night and I go and she's she's a church every day. She's Catholic.
I go to pick him up and he's like, she's like, what's this George George cheese song? He's singing the song to her and she's like 79 years old and she's.
Oh my God. I can't imagine. I had to explain it a little bit.
Yeah. Well, we're all going to bring in hell anyway.
Anyway, so I'm excited to see Bob Elbury. Hopefully you'll play against the ranger.
I think the rangers there's now. I think he's going to play them on. I would think by Thursday he ought to be ready.
And that's another thing. I think the rangers offered a better package than we did. I don't know how they didn't get them.
No, they did. They didn't offer that package. What you read about is what Vancouver wanted, but they weren't going to give all of that. There's no way.
But I mean the co-clair that they didn't admit they were going to give us still better than we gave. Well, kissed the ground.
All right. Have a great day. We have an open line of date. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. We're getting these sales things straightened out.
No. We getting some new copy. No. Great period. We have a sound in with any advice here.
Oh, okay. Just checking it out. I mean, anybody can come down here and look you in the face and give you all the pseudo-sincere bull crap.
Oh, yes, you're right about that. We got to do it this way. We got to. And then not produce anything. Nothing. Zero. Zippity Duda.
Why should this be necessary? These things should happen like clockwork, like falling out of bed in the morning, like taking up when the mood strikes you.
That's how easy. How simple it should be. And just the basic elementary rudiments of broadcasting, which it's now 13 months that I've been saying is these people haven't got a clue.
And they're still raking all this money through this machine here. That's the amazing part of it. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I did. Okay. You know, I'll walk back to that guy that called about how unknowledgeable of fans are around here. I'm one of those fans and I asked her, great. You know, I'm shame to admit it, but I, because hockey is new to South Florida.
And obviously, the last time you saw a pond freeze around here, you know, it's, it hasn't always been a big sport. And I must confess that about a year and a half ago, and they started dismantling the team. I kind of just to lose interest.
What do you mean when they started dismantling the team? What does that mean? How did they dismantle the team? Well, when they started getting rid of all the players that had gone to the Stanley Cup with the team, you know, and you know, you kind of got this hard carton about it.
I lose I did and I know a lot of other fans. A lot of my friends probably felt the same way. Well, that doesn't make them fans because they jumped out of bandwagon during the when they had the big playoff room.
I'm sorry. We never had a chance to become fans. The team has only been here a couple of years. This is the 60 year. Yeah. Well, the six years. Well, if it's true, if you say about this guy, be wearing a gray, say it, say it after me, beret. Don't say beret. Only the coaches that the coaches admit with.
And we were really like you say the like equivalent of Michael Jordan to the NHL. Yes, I would say so. Well, the fastest, the most dynamic, the most the prolific, the most unbelievable praise that moved that other other skaters can only dream of making. He's phenomenal.
Yeah, one of the guys in the sun set, I forget who, which columnist it was. He was talking about the guy and I mean, he made him sound like a good player, but he'd roll it off like five or six guys that were better than him. And he was like slotting the players and he, and he's flooded.
He's worried about the six player. No, no, I don't agree at all. I'm glad with that. And I will start watching him again. I will start paying more.
Now that we got a good player, you watch. Okay, thanks. That's the kind of family like. There you go. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the best call I've ever had in a hundred years into and it's right there. That was the definitive stop protocol. Now that we got a good player, I'm going to start watching again.
Well, that, that was all. Sir, I can't begin to tell you how I love you. I just that I'm going to send you a bouquet of roses. We don't tell anybody. I know it's embarrassing. I'm going to send you panties. I mean, that was just phenomenal. That's for you.
I couldn't, I couldn't have scripted a better call in that. That was just ideal. See, when they broke it up and they started dismantling the thing. That was the baseball team. They dismantled. Okay, maybe thinking about Mickey Mantle with a bad liver.
No, they didn't dismantle. They made some bad trade. And then they finally got rid of guys who like were, you know, passed their welcome like Brian Scrutland and some of those guys, conference year old.
But they didn't dismantle the team. The team just wasn't to be honest with it. Wasn't that good in the first place. I know that comes as a great shock. The team was not like great in the first place. They got hot for a couple of months, three years ago. And right away, they jumped. Oh, we got a great team. We never had a great team.
We had a decent team with a bunch of guys that were overachieving and got real hot for a couple of months on a real role. And they created this euphoric hysteria. And then, you know, they started to slacken off again.
Last year was bad. This year almost is bad. So now we got somebody exciting. He's going to start watching again. All right. That's for a boy guy.
Boy, boy, boy, you're selling. I think that's his name. Boy, you're selling.
We have an open line in Broward, five six seven, oh, five 60 pound five 60 animal mobile one line.
Is there any other city in the national hockey league worthy able to just got made the deal and gotten Pavel Burray on their team?
Is there any other city in the NHL where the response would be like this? No. No. No.
That's a succession with hope.
The team is in the crime of murder. Murder. The state of California charged from the UNLWP in 1994. I am the open.
So believe I am innocent. Murder.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. Let me through please. I'm a judge. I'm a judge, okay?
Sure you know both days. Everybody got the dance. Don't believe I am innocent.
Excuse me. I am guilty. You're a guilty. The murder. You're a guilty. You're a guilty. All right.
It's not funny. What's your name? No way. I'm on the guest list. Excuse me. I'm a judge. No. I don't speak so bad. I'm a man. You're not getting it. I said I am guilty.
Please keep it zero. I'm not going to take your time. I'm a judge. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am a judge. I am guilty. I am a judge. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty.
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I am guilty. I
I am guilty. I am guilty. The house I am is slow learner. I am slow learner. I am slow learner. I am slow learner. Look at what I did. Now I am slow. in fame you fall for me at the bad end for me. Thank god for that.
Now I am slow. I am slow. in fame you fall for me at the bad end for me at the bad end for me. Because the smile in myc
Because boy is this a bizarre how many times have I said right from the beginning of the year about that macarena and all those people in there
They haven't got any interest or any idea what's going on and and and y'all I can say is absolutely
Correct and now I'm surprised that I was right
I'm surprised to the extent that I was right
Just automatically you would assume if somebody's gonna make the truck take the effort to get in their car and waste the gas money
And pay for the parking and pay for the ticket or somebody else paid for a ticket
You think that there'd be some interest some knowledge some some something
Is to what's going on wherever they're going no
To a game no to a movie to a
Cock fight no something
No
To a radio station to sell spots no no no
How's Ray Perry doing by the way anybody seen him today?
No
Prosecutor for the right
You're like a hot bean from the oh
Places a to find anything like women who I can in these
What's your problem?
Don't you think you got too far?
Everybody think you are like Joseph the car
Did you know that Joe the car thing was gay?
Kind of like you can't accept he never paid
He kept right close those fires
Until he got fired with broken
And we pain't
Superman 5!
Superman Quad Timmy Olsson is drowning!
Here comes the Superman, here he comes, he's in a wheelchair!
Oh, I'm scared.
What's happening?
Ouch!
Ow!
Ah, the evil Zod, a widely visited out-a-way to defeat Superman.
We script a night?
No, steps.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Superman 5, the search for a bigger doorway.
Rolling into a theater near you.
At the risk of starting sensitive, okay?
The reason I'm playing it right now is the president's defense,
in front of the Senate, has begun just a matter of a moment to go.
And one of his attorneys, of course, he's got that David Kindle, that's the queen.
But he's got Charles Ruff.
Now, I don't want to start insensitive about people who are handicapped, people in wheelchairs, etc.
But, but we have known for a long time the president's choice of legal counsel,
him being an attorney, and his wife being alert, not always the best.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I'm telling you, there is a disease in this room that is so unbelievable that I may not survive till two o'clock.
I think they're giving us the old poison, dance, if you ask me.
But anyway, Charles Ruff is sitting there in his wheelchair.
He's only been speaking for a couple of minutes.
He's already, the lavalier might keep spalling off his lapel, and the guy has to keep coming over and pitting it back on him again.
And he's sitting there holding a pen in his hand, not after the microphone now.
Or is that what he's holding?
Instead of letting it fall off his lapel.
He's shaking it.
And his hand, he looks like Bob Dole on a bad day.
He's got it in his hand, and he's shaking it, and the lavalier might too.
I'm going to get it from state prosecutor.
Oh, get it.
Man, if I were Bubba, I wouldn't even show up tonight.
You know what? I just stiff him.
Let him all sit in there.
Where is he? Where is he? He's not showing.
He's not getting drunk.
He saw that Charles Ruff today.
Oh, my God.
This is, this is, I'm, stop and think about this.
This is the president of the United States.
The first president sits Andrew Johnson only the second in history.
They have to go through an impeachment trial in the Senate.
And for his defense after three days of talking louder and louder with the same bull crap, repeating the same horseman who were over and over again,
with those Republican zealots from the House Bullcrap Committee.
On and on and on.
And now we start to defense with a guy in a wheelchair who keeps dropping the mic on the floor.
Oh!
Well, we always like the alcohol on me.
He's okay.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Neo-A?
Long time listener, I love your show, but there has there been one competent caller today?
What's wrong with these people?
We're talking about, okay. We have an open line in date.
5670560 and 0.560 on the 18T wireless line.
I'm not going to tell you no more specs, okay?
We don't want no specs out of show because they can't, they have nothing to say.
We have no, we don't have one whole year, when it's time that contributes anything to the show.
We got about a half a dozen jackasses and that's their repertoire. That's all I got.
That's what they got on their mind, what he just said.
Here's Homestead. Hello.
Yeah, Neo-A, this is Bill and Homestead.
Yes, sir. Right in the back, sir. Yeah.
I guess Bubba's going for the sympathy vote now with the end of the wheelchair.
Well, I sure hope it works because this guy is pathetic.
He's pulling out all the tricks.
Anyway, I'm calling about the Burry Trade.
You know, we've been waiting two weeks or more for this thing to go through.
I mean, there's en rumors around for quite a while.
Yeah. And when it came through Sunday night, we were just ecstatic.
But I got to tell you, I'm a little concerned about this team right now.
Blaring the Burry Trade.
I mean, let's look at this.
Going back a few months with Spayla getting a little weird out there.
And then Coslo, I've got that shoulder injury.
He hasn't been right since.
And I don't know if you noticed in the game right away.
Well, when he answered the right sense, he doesn't do anything.
All he does is get around to the...
I don't know what it is. I think he uses the phrase.
You're making excuses.
This is a very ordinary mediocre team.
Without pop...
Without this trade, this is a non-playoff, very or mediocre team.
And how they actually have managed to get to the 41 points is a mystery to me.
I even can't figure that out.
John Burke would have been standing on his head last five or six weeks.
They would be like 20 points out of a playoff spot.
Yeah, but the point I'm getting to.
What is it?
I think there's something behind all this.
And I think it goes right to the coach.
I think these guys are so screwed up in the head.
They don't know what they're doing.
You notice last night, you look at in front of the net,
Billy Lindsay standing there flat with just watching the guys pass the puck back and forth.
I mean, what was that all about?
These guys are...
I think there's part of the time I've gone to the locker.
They're spectators. I have no idea what they're doing.
They're a bunch of...
Like I said, I didn't win either.
I didn't think the team would play for Terry Marie.
I still don't think they'll play for...
I don't need to play for too many of him.
He has a lead in most of the guys on the team.
He sits guy.
He has a guy who shows up five minutes late for practice.
He deals with these guys like he deals with a bunch of kindergarten kids.
And you can't do that.
No, you can't.
And now there's Burry supposed to be signed at the end of the year.
He'll sit him down once and that'll be the end of that.
He ain't gonna sit him down.
You watch.
Billy, trust me.
You'll have to step over my fat body to sit down.
Probably I'll Burry.
Get out of here.
Two open lines, indeed.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberp Pines. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
Okay, listen.
What are you gonna go back to the whole format of your show and just how the need for all this show?
Today's been all hockey, hockey, praise.
What's going on with you?
Meaning what?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
Anything.
Plantation, policy, policy, what about plant, plant, plant.
No, no, no, I'm just saying, you know, whatever you want.
What about them?
Well, well, let's hear what you got.
No, I don't have anything.
Okay, thank you.
We have an open line in Broward to end date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T.
The reason I'm talking about it is the biggest story to happen here in years.
Since the, since this room got contaminated, it's got to be that cigar.
All the air from your room comes into my room.
Let me say it again.
I'm gagging and choking literally.
I've been wanting before I lit it up.
Well, like I said, it's not to cigar.
It's from next.
Couldn't be that cigar.
It must be this room.
I'm gonna have to do the show out in the hallway, I think.
This is, it's impossible in here.
It is unreadable.
I'm gagging and choking as I'm sitting here in this chair.
God.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Somebody call Oshia right away.
Okay, we got a sick building.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T.
We got bugs.
We got crap in the vents.
It's a toilet in here.
And these people are like, you know, playing the invisible game.
Well, they're busy negotiating with her.
Okay, and yeah, right.
They're always busy with something except taking to a business.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Hey, you've got a lot of bad colors.
Hey.
Listen, first comment I'd like to make is concerning yesterday's show.
I think it was an excellent show.
It really did a good job yesterday.
Once in my first hockey game on Saturday.
Yeah.
I've never seen hockey before in my life.
I'm one of these first.
Based on what I'm here, I didn't see that game, but based on what I hear, you still happen.
Yeah, basically.
But I mean, I was introduced to hockey on Saturday for the first time and before the game even started.
These guys are trying to plug up holes in the hockey on the ice itself.
And we were like astonished that somebody, you know, before even a hockey game even starts.
These guys were having problems with the ice in the arena.
And I was just amazed on that.
And I figured.
The worst ice in the history of professional hockey.
I don't care from the four-waying comments to the Montreal Canadians and everybody in between.
It is the worst ice service in history and there's nobody writing about it.
There's nobody talking about it.
There's nobody doing anything about it.
Any more than to do anything about the goal ice getting fixed.
And like I said before, just like this place, they just don't care.
They don't care.
And this is great to bring in a superstar player.
It's the first one we've ever had.
Paul, Barry and Payton, they didn't have 10 million, whatever they're going to pay them.
That's great.
That's a wonderful grand stand move.
And that's fine.
But in the mean time, as far as taking care of businesses concerned out there.
And putting on the kind of show for the public that the people deserve, where the hell is it?
That's what a lot of people would like to know.
Well, like I said, that's all like a 10-a-bots.
What do I like to know?
Those of us who understand what's going on.
Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wiles Line.
I'm talking.
There is something in this room that is so grotesque and so I think Hannibal Lecter had something to do with it.
Seriously.
I can feel it like in my eyes and like in my throat and like, eh, like a...
I'm allergic to this room.
I'm going to have to take a microphone sitting in my car.
I'm going to have to do a show in the back of my Corvette is what it's going to be.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mail.com.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Didn't have any of these.
What's going on with the fans over there in the market arena?
They don't scream.
They don't do anything, huh?
Meaning what?
I mean, the fans that were...
They used to play over here in the Miami arena.
They were totally different.
Yeah.
I mean, I never go, but I want you on TV and the fans over here, they were more excited.
Over there, these people are in a sophisticated fans zone.
I don't know.
Help me out.
You go there a lot.
That's a great club you moron.
We have an open line at day one in Broward.
It's a 5.6705.60.506.808.10T wireless line.
See what I mean about the Julio chorus?
When we do get one like this guy, all he does is repeat like a parrot back to me.
What I would have just got through the sand.
See, that's not a talk show.
Just repeating back what I just got through the sand a minute ago.
And the talk show is when you give me your opinion based on something that you might know about.
But since you don't go there, what do you know about?
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hey, now I have a question about Terry Mierray.
Hello, the coach.
Yeah.
Well, here's the thing I've been listening to you.
I know you're rhymes with Buray, Murray.
That's not fair.
There you go.
But how do you do it, man?
You meet these people.
He's a great guy.
Blah blah blah.
Same with McLean.
And you hate them.
You rip them on the air.
He was a nice guy.
Being a nice guy does mean he's a good coach.
I agree.
But I mean, how do you face these people after this?
Like what you do with Goldie?
What you do with everybody?
Meaning what?
I don't know.
I just couldn't rip somebody constantly like that.
And then go to work and see him that same day.
Before the scene started, I was like,
I was up there.
There was Brian Murray.
And he was joking around where his might know be in button.
I don't know that.
Oh, it's out there.
Listen, one thing about me, I'll say the same thing to your face
that I'll say on the air or behind your back.
I'm not too faced.
I'll say it right to your face.
Doesn't bother me.
No, I agree with you.
Most people can't do it.
I couldn't.
Well, why not?
You're entertaining, man.
And I'm keeping on listening.
OK.
You get it.
We have an open line in Broward, 567, 05, 60, 05,
60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, Terry Murray impressed me.
But how much do you know about somebody sitting
there 15 minutes?
That doesn't mean I said he seemed like a really nice guy.
I was impressed.
I met him again inside in his office in New Reiner.
Another 10 minute conversation.
Seemed like a real, reasonable guy.
That doesn't mean he's a good guy.
That doesn't mean he knows what he's doing.
And I see his relationships with the guys on the team
and benching this one and benching that one
and this one two minutes later practice.
It's like a kindergarten.
It's all like he's dealing with a bunch of adults.
But anyway, you judge for your size.
So, look at the results.
Wow, Lollipop, little boy.
He's a wonderful boy, children.
Had a major win, sir.
Watch the Hershey highway.
And reading Martha's tour.
These women lost the race.
They should be here.
And they're going to be here.
And the time that just went on.
We're in Irnhart with no other day.
Just getting mud for the duck.
Boys of the rainbow.
We just fit in that car.
Why, man, as a mark?
This red and she said,
Game R.
The fairs.
The fairs won't be sizzled.
When they find out he's made six dribbles.
Watch your face away.
I stand before you, Jay.
Jordan and Jay.
Who is that?
Jordan and Jay.
Who?
Yeah.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
Now he's made six dribbles.
Watch your face away.
I stand before you, Jay.
Jordan and Jay.
Who?
Jordan and Jay.
Don't touch me there.
It works for the horses and the rest.
He's a good now.
He's a good now.
He's a good now.
133-550 WQN.
The Charles Ruffie is still taking it.
And the microphone please.
He's just hitting their hunts, still.
I mean, I think the guy was right.
He's looking for the sympathy foe.
He's got to be.
I mean, this is the best attorney.
And I know people are going to call legal experts.
Oh, you don't understand.
Charles Ruffie is one of the great legal minds.
Well, how about if he would have done like
behind a screen somewhere?
No, seriously, when they saw him literally
a talking head, you know, like just from the neck up,
which ain't too good to begin with.
But just from the neck up, it would be okay.
We have an open line in days, 5.6705.60,
5.560 on the AT&T line from allergy central.
I'm serious.
I'm allergic to this studio.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Pavel Burrievian is as good as he is.
And the team are all being so low on their plan
like such crap lately.
Do you think he's going to have a big impact on the team
in the short term?
I haven't got any idea.
I mean, do you think the coaching is going to help?
Not help, but hurt.
I mean, you've got a kindergarten teacher in the coach
and the rest of the team's playing like it.
Yeah.
How is that going to work?
Well, I just put it to you this way.
He played for Vancouver last year and they didn't make the playoffs.
All right.
And other than that one big year when they went to the finals
against the Rangers, they certainly weren't a dominating team.
All right.
In 60 gold doesn't mean squad if you're not in the playoffs.
Right.
And then don't forget on Vancouver last year he was playing
with Mark Messy and Alexander McGilney.
So it's great that we're getting him and he is a superstar,
but you've got to have a supporting cast.
Right.
I mean, it seems like look what happened.
I've heard that before.
It's not like basketball, or one guy like Michael Jordan
can carry a whole team.
hockey doesn't work that way.
It's a real true team sport.
Right.
And I mean, proof of that is when we went to the Stanley Cup,
we probably had less talent than we have now.
And we'll have with Poblbury, but they went all the way
because they worked better.
Yeah.
So thanks for that.
Okay.
Yeah, I wouldn't get too carried away, but at least there'll be
some excitement out there.
There'll be something besides this coma that we were treated to last night.
Coma City.
We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8,
and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
First time calling, my name is Frank.
I just got a little bit on you.
I have a question.
It's a debate that I've been acknowledging with over a study player
last couple of days.
Hope that maybe you would question help me out.
I understand that in the Old Testament,
Adam and Eve were the first creations of Christ in their history.
The first creations of Christ?
Of God.
Of what's his name, yeah?
Yeah.
You see him.
And their siblings were can enable.
Okay.
It's boring, sir.
It's boring.
Okay.
They had sisters that was incest and that said it went so long.
Okay.
God.
Oh, Jesus.
God.
Help us.
Please.
That must have been the Antichrist.
Damn, God.
Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You're born me to death, okay?
You're povelled born me to death.
With these stupid idiotic questions about your stupid idiotic superstitions and bull crap religions, okay?
It's a pile of crap.
It's idiotic.
It's like all these people are getting all excited about the millennium, the end of the century.
I hate to break the news to you, but except in computers where it happens to be a mechanical situation.
Other than a computer, it doesn't make any difference because it's all man-made.
Man invented the calendar.
The Jewish calendar, our calendar.
Everybody else's calendar.
The Greek calendar where they used to...
Exactly.
It's just an artificial determination, a derrcation of time invented by man.
So no matter what the change of the year is, it doesn't make a good God damn difference.
Ah, how can you say that?
It's the millennium.
It's Armageddon.
Okay.
Great.
You stuck up all the toilet paper.
I'll stick to the can't goods.
Two open lines in date.
I'm going to stick up all the way to the studio.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Do you think Michael Jordan will play for the...
We have two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing man?
Okay sir.
I've been watching hockey on TV for like three years now.
I've only missed like 20 games during those three years.
I mean, I really like it.
And I finally went to my first game on Saturday.
Yeah.
Right.
And I always wonder since you've been like hockey games all over.
Did they...
They don't play by play in other arenas?
Or is this the only place that doesn't have play by play?
Or what's a deal with that?
Did I play in the arena while the game is going on?
Yes.
Of course not.
No.
Because I kind of missed that one, you know, from TV or whatever.
And you know, I know how you like Las Vegas.
You ever seen Queer and Loving in Las Vegas?
No.
Oh, shit man.
It's a trip.
Thanks man.
Take it easy.
Open line in date one and Broward.
5.6705.
60.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Charles Robby is still shaking it, by the way.
I'm sure that most people are sitting there glued to their sets watching that.
Watching it.
Wow.
Sad.
I mean, you know, I feel for the guy that guys disabled.
He's in a wheelchair and he's frumpy and he's sitting with his shoulders up.
He...
It's a...it's a grotesque sight.
And I don't know if I had the audio up if I'd be able to like concentrate on what he was really saying
as opposed to looking him and the fact that it looks like he's about ready to crumble at any given moment.
So man, what's the width you'll go from a sport hook?
1.6605.
1.6605.
1.6605.
1.6605.
1.6605.
1.6605.
This one rises on the outside.
I guess what happens when it goes down and flying?
What a lot of things there are.
Yes.
From here to far.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
It's a moment.
One, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six,xes, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, Seven
One, six, six, seis, six, seven, seven, seven and seven, seven, seven and eight patent fifths.
145 to 560 WTWA we have an open line of day 5 670 560
on 18 T-Lam we got Jim Madditch for Hank coming up at 2
at 2 to the state 2 the Booster talking baseball 6 day
talking stuff 8 to 10 and Ed Kaplan talking a general gambling crap 10
o'clock tonight what I'm telling you this this room is a
I want everybody to go out and shout it on their rooftops
the studio is sick the disease is loose
that this building needs to be nuked this building and the one of our
insurance three of the two of them both need to be nuked
here's a mobile and cross bring so I've been holding it in the phone too
yeah I want to know what you thought about the
the title of the play what did I think about it yeah but what like I would watch it
I didn't watch it I just wanted to ask you why would I watch it
I was curious you know if you if you watch the fight and watch how tight and try
to break the guys on yeah I read about it okay I'll just I was curious
what you do you have a disease in your building there yeah we have a sick
building you need to clean your ducks out yeah the the fuzzy value of ducks
well maybe our ducks have fuzzy rectum that might be it okay yeah what do I think of the
Tyson fight that's really what we're talking about isn't it we're talking about
no that crap no open-eyed a day wanted Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18
T wireless line here is you know here is one of the lowest life forums ever to
crawl on the face of the earth Mike Tyson I say that beyond the shadow of a
doubt lower than pond scum and there are people like this guy I'm sure
spending their 45 or 50 bucks to watch that garbage to watch that swill like I
said America it's the jury Springer show Parkland hello Parkland yes sir how
you doing okay I'm gonna tell you how excited I am for getting paddler we had me
my wife and my child had a trip planned the Disney World for Wednesday the
day of the Montreal game right well obviously as soon as we heard that we've been
seasoned take a hold of since we're getting we postponed that trip because I'm
not going to miss it except they might sit them out that long they'll recover
and I'll really be sick but it's my wife she he won't be sitting out I
wins that yeah the way they're talking who knows I can see them wait until
a Philly game that only that's only David J. Neil that's saying it takes one
day per time so I mean that's the dumbest one of the dumbest things that
they've ever been written in history well I read something that they were they
said he's agent said that he shouldn't play for a couple days you know to recover
so he won't get injured and they're gonna push it back to like the Philly game
or something well what do you mean they're gonna push it back to the Philly game
he's a there he's getting here today he's flying here today to get the
islander game is tomorrow islanders tomorrow and rainwater I think I should play
tomorrow I'm dying for them because they're gonna have another thing I knew
that we're gonna get killed yesterday because it was a total wet down they're
just waiting for him and any day he don't play they're gonna they're just waiting
for him I think let me ask you what about Saturday when they got by with the one
nothing with a coma where they waiting for them with a deal wasn't made yet
well but they want it was that wasn't as bad as last night come on out pretty
close close listen I know you don't agree with this but I think that they'll
keep him protected I think maybe not morale but another tough guy in there to
keep him from getting hurt because they're gonna go after him because he's
about all we got and I think that's important because I know Paul losses as
a monster but he likes to play and we need a guy that's you know gonna babysit
him well what do you mean he likes to play and we need a guy who's gonna be
what I mean you know you can't have a guy who does both well you can but you
I think you two I don't think this team doesn't have the talent on it to have
room for two goons on the roster okay well we don't have room for a
pretty well well well I'm carrying Mary only plays three lines I mean he really
does he really only plays three lines mostly so if you think of it that way
it's it's not gonna matter the way double-checkery which is final with me you
know unlike McLean used to play every four four lines equal time and that was
it let me say it again this team doesn't have enough talent on it offensively
especially they have room for a full-time gun on it who doesn't produce anything
else well like I said I just hope you don't you know they don't go after him and
try to just screw with him he'll be just fine but Neil can I call someone to
do sure right you're a dog track betting ugly sock wearing okay have a great
day we have an open line at day one and groward five six seven oh five six
eight pound five six eight you notice how they're trying to make the case we
want Peter were well back don't we want a bad yeah big black guy named Peter
come on he's gonna be the bodyguard he's gonna be out there kicking ass to
keep those guys away they're obsessed they're like a sickness here's a mobile
and cross-springs hello hello Neil yes sir hey first time caller great show
appreciate your frankness I just moved here from Vancouver about six months ago
oh my god and excited about getting Pat Elbury down here I just hope that he
can play both ends of the ice because he certainly didn't do that in Vancouver
and maybe playing back in Russia he's learned to play defense as well as
offense yeah great offensive minded and part of the reason he gets so many goals
is he snipes at the blue line waits for somebody to dump it out to him for a
breakaway but he if he can pick it up and play both ends we got a great
addition to the Panthers even if he doesn't play both ends the fact that we have
somebody offensive who knows how to stick in the net that's desperately what
this team needs well you know I'm part of the another part of the trade is
getting heading down here great defense them real gentlemen too yeah and engage
to Kristi Yamaguchi I understand well how can you go wrong with that there you go
okay pal hey nice talk it to you okay yes okay yes we have an open-ended
Broward to it date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line here's Miami hello Neil how you doing okay I just want to say I love
you show been listening for a long time we just moved down from town asking my wife
and I were newlyweds well congratulations thank you thank you thank you we have
actually a one-year-old son and he's learning how to speak now he's learning what
he's learning how to wasn't that cute wasn't that beautiful like I told you dumb
little specs that's what we got that's all we have we don't have out of what we
got two two and a half million helios in this town and we don't have one that's
got any material all the ones with material are on a radio mom be I forgot
about that all over the edge of a hundred
