Sport Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and brarrad or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Some easily read acquisitions for the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
We've got to run the back to Lincoln.
Those are the off-site now.
Back to Strocco's just hit the ice right down the lane.
My side here's lying back to Strocco open now.
So good score.
Marty's crocodiles are for the back one.
Oh, let's go, hon.
Close.
On a Harley.
What a passing.
Hey, yo, man.
What's up with the Cot-Demis-Pua?
I just can't wait until Wapadot loses.
When no nation chooses, we better ride on that issue.
We're still women, but we still just gonna watch this Wapadot lose.
Your mind is well both for me.
Your mind is well both for me.
I've got no interest in politics.
A Wapadot just kinda makes me sick.
Too bad there isn't someone else to fix.
Because he reminds me of Traycky.
That's why I'm betting that Wapadot loses.
When no nation chooses, we better ride on that issue.
A lot of people say he's ruthless.
He can't paint better than proofs.
Gonna watch his Wapadot lose.
Your mind is well both for me.
Your mind is well both for me.
I know that Clinton isn't as false.
And for that matter, so is once a pro.
But I just can't afford to ride the dope.
Everybody says he's too old.
That's why I'm telling you, ride on that issue.
When no nation chooses, we better ride on that issue.
We're still women, but we still just gonna watch this Wapadot lose.
Your mind is well both for me.
Your mind is well both for me.
Oh yeah, Elizabeth steps into the race.
Anybody gonna vote for Elizabeth Dole?
No.
You know, I was flipping my thing this morning with the TV.
Doing my channel surfing, and it was I'mus.
And you know, every now and then, they'll come up with a good line.
It's usually not him.
It's one of the bananas that sits around there in the circle.
With their morning circle jerk.
And the guy said, yeah, even Bob's Woody isn't as stiff as she is.
You know, the husband is running around doing, you know,
promotions for Viagra.
Maybe she's been taken some because you talk about stiff, stupid.
My little miniature pictures got a better chance of getting votes.
Elizabeth Dole.
It's just astonishing.
We got 260 million people in this country.
And the quality of the people who offer themselves up for pubic service.
Elizabeth freaking Dole.
No.
No chance.
Steve Forbes?
No.
No chance.
You know something, leave it to the Republicans.
Every time the Democrats come up with a really marginal candidate,
they run a dead man.
Then, now we got the most wooden man we thought in history.
Al Gore has got a personality like a man who's been dead for a hundred years.
And they still find somebody worse.
And then of course George W. Bush.
He's got a little bit of a problem in his background, you know.
It's interesting also to me, by the way, that he didn't have a job.
He doesn't really want to come clean.
He didn't have no extramarital affairs, but he had some drug problems and booze,
problems in his past that he just want to talk about yet.
And all the so-called pundits are saying, well, you know,
America's maturing, we're willing to overlook that.
And yet when Bubba said that, you know, he took a little hit of a joint 600 years ago
and didn't inhale, which he had to say, of course.
Oh my god, he's a drug addict.
Let's start watching Refer Madness 24 hours a day.
But booze and whatever other...
I'm sure that they weren't, you know, hallucinogenic drugs.
Maybe it's like Prozac.
Maybe too much of Viagra.
That might have done it.
God.
So how come this audience is just so far behind the times?
You know what? Peggy Kass.
I noticed the hero this morning just caught up with Peggy Kass.
And by the way, thanks to the morning guys again for backing at last break up to the...
over the top of the hour and I was going, two days in a row.
They're on a roll.
See, in fact, speaking of Bob Dole, I think he ought to get together with our program director
because they both desperately need massive doses of Viagra 24 hours a day.
Because they're both totally impotent.
They can talk...
Incessantly, nobody pays any attention.
Meaningless.
But nevertheless.
So Tuesday, you missed it.
I missed it too.
I saw it, but I forgot to mention it yesterday.
Probably nobody in this audience is old enough for this to have any meaning.
South Florida Publicists Hank Meyer died on Tuesday of a massive heart attack, 78.
Who the hell is Hank Meyer?
George is doing this morning.
Who's Hank Meyer?
And I thought...
Yeah, that's what I thought.
It's wrong with you.
Hank Meyer brought Arthur Gottfried.
In fact, the story says, Mr. Meyer met Arthur Gottfried at Joe Stone Crab.
And persuaded him to bring a show to Miami Beach in the 50s that he convinced Jackie Gleeson to come here.
And he was like the number one publicity guy here.
Hank Meyer and Associates, you never heard of them?
Oh my God.
What were you been hiding?
Too much of a little...
I'm talking to Arthur Gottfried and Jackie Gleeson today.
That was 100 years ago.
But we got a street named Arthur Gottfried Road.
I know the street.
We're all at how Cedem are living over in that area there.
And here was the most virulent anti-Semite we ever had.
I'm surprised.
Really, I've said this for years, never get any response, because people are too embarrassed about it.
How come we don't have a street on the beach named Adolf Hitler Road?
You know, it's something like that.
We got Arthur Gottfried Road.
How is that possible?
I mean, I understand if all the Jews had moved to Bokkak and understand it.
Okay, I don't want to start out on a negative note, but I will anyway,
because I'm really ported off about that guy that called you off the year yesterday.
Man, I'm I pissed at him.
I am foaming at them out.
The guy that went to visit Dr. Richard Bernstein.
I gave Hank that book.
I've read the book.
Of course, it ain't doing me any good, because I'm still sick of the dog.
And I can't find a doctor that knows his answer my elbow, but nevertheless.
And this guy, I told him, call us when you get back and let us know he went to go through the doctor's program.
Remember his joint is, Dr. Bernstein.
Calls George Arthur yesterday.
Well, I tell him I want to talk to him about it.
You know, I just came back.
But not on the year, which I'm not going to talk to this guy off here.
He owes it to me and to the audience to the 50 or 60 people that are listed out there.
To call in and let us know what it was all about.
I mean, if he had a good experience, great.
If it wasn't a good experience, we sure ought to hear about that too.
If this, you know, if this is another doctor making cracking sounds.
Like most of the ones that I've encountered recently.
You think he's going to call on the year?
I mean, call on the year to tell us he was going.
He had no problem. He had to call on the call and tell us that.
But now that he comes back and I says, give us a report.
The cat's got his tongue.
I'll tell you if I could get as many calls on the year as the ones that call and talk to George off the year.
We want him to relay messages.
We want to make a complaint.
Who got some kind of a song and a dance.
I'm out of a story.
I'd never give a number out.
We do another Joe to Masio thing.
And by the way, how's his a strange Sunday one?
Yeah, you have to turn back to the way in the back pages to find that story.
It's interesting the way they posed this to it.
Despite an estranged relationship over the last several years of his life,
Joe to Masio did not forget his only child in death.
Among the items bequeathed into Masio's last will and testament filed in Broward County
is a trust fund that will pay Joseph Paul to Masio Jr. 20 grand a year.
Masio Jr. who works in a northern California junkyard and lives in a trailer
said last month he hadn't seen his father in about two years.
He did not visit his father's bedside during the Hall of Flamers illness.
Doesn't that kind of make you wonder?
Like we just filled in the strange sun.
And Larry King, which by the way, Larry King.
Tell me 50 dollars.
Another baby.
Even Evander Holyfield has made as many babies by as many different women.
I don't think it's Larry King.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
Larry King is something new to talk about his new son.
What is it this all the cockies about?
107, Larry.
King's wife Sean Southwick King gave birth to Chance Armstrong on Tuesday night.
King publicist Deed Recline said the boy weighed 7 pounds six ounces.
Chance is Southwick King's second child and King's fourth said
Klein would decline to say where the birth took place.
But they are thinking about making it's a live part four.
They're getting John Litz go back for that.
The 64 year old host of CNN's Louis King live at his 38 year old wife Mary in September,
Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
In a LA hospital room where he's being treated for heart troubles.
Oh!
It's his 87th marriage and her 23rd.
Nice going, Larry.
Don't need 50 dollars.
10 minutes after 10.
Is that you think that guy's going to call in?
I'm begging you sir.
Well, inquiring minds.
I want to know if nobody else in the audience wants to know.
I want to know.
You only need the information, God damn it.
You gave us the big tease.
You went up there.
You found out what it's all about and now you won't tell us.
567-0560-05060 on the mobile one line.
You won't call.
So that rich reminds me of my mother.
All right.
You know something I could keep that going until a two o'clock.
I could keep our cards right.
We're at the home of technical incompetence where we couldn't hear the uh...
...on the air sound and our monitors here this morning.
Listen to that.
Sparing no experience.
I asked our program director, Mr. Impanant this morning just before he wadled out of here and vanished into the sunset.
I asked him, well, what's uh...
We're going to be ready for us upstairs Monday.
What's the deal?
Ah, but I'm eight.
But I'm eight.
Maybe this.
Maybe not.
Yeah, I'm starting to get too animated.
I'm not going to microphone all over the place.
How about if I just leave that on?
I might wake these bastards up, you think?
Oh stop.
You're killing me.
There you go.
Like I said, sparing no expense to bring you the very best in only the ultimate Grig readway.
Just amazing.
You're astonishing man.
Here's...
Here's a fuck...
It's like they went to uh...
...Nisers.
It's Niners all.
They're all closed up, you know, the five-in-dimes stores.
I guess they're all closed down.
You gotta go to King Margaret Walmart now.
Yeah, they went to one of those old five-in-dimes and they bought an oldy Rector set, you know?
Remember you...
...every time you have an Rector set when you were a kid?
No, not in a record.
I'm talking...
Huh?
Linking logs, like those things like that.
No, an old-fashioned Rector set.
What, with a little...
You put the posts in the...
Right.
You stick it in the post.
No, I was too post.
But anyway, so that's what this place reminds me of.
Interruptors set.
They went out and they bought a...
...Nisers, a real, the cheapest Rector set that they could find.
Maybe like a used one, you know?
At a discount.
And they came back and they said the George Corso or engineer, okay, here you go.
Make a radio station.
You know, take all of these parts and stick them all together in the...
...and see if maybe we might get it to work.
Just take...
And put them all together in the Maker radio station.
It's unbelievable.
It's amazing.
It's astonishing.
I can only...
You know, I'm thinking right now, this little rash in the D-Live Head for the last...
...what is it, about 100 months now?
I'm thinking that maybe Monday would be a good day for me to be calling in sick, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Because that's it.
They were allegedly going to be moving upstairs and they're going to have our new studio.
They're not really new studios.
It's just, you know, walls and a different location in the building with the same crappy old equipment from the old Rector set.
Um, just people with no pride, with no professionalism, with no sense.
It's a miracle that we get on the air every day on this place.
And then what was he babbling about the year?
Oh, it got to be mode on this morning.
I'm feeling good.
That's what our program director says.
We actually got the remote on the air for the morning show.
Ah!
There you go.
Because they got to crank that money too, baby, so we can pay Wayne for all his broadcast rights.
You do realize that this is Wayne's revenge.
See, Wayne never got me off the air.
He never could control what I said about him or anything else.
But this is his revenge.
He's got, he's got, we're all being held hostage at the baldy because of those ridiculous broadcast rights.
Here's a mobile and Stewart.
Hello.
You know, yes, sir.
Hey, uh, spoke to you when I was down in December from Buffalo.
Rich and a wrecked country.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyways, a, uh, nice and corporate headquarters was registered in New York.
Yes, sir.
That's right.
Yeah.
Anyways, I was at a reception this over the weekend.
These locals down here refer to you almost as the anti-Christ.
I couldn't believe the hostility in their things.
What do you mean these locals down here, you're in Stewart?
Well, well, they're coming up from Lauderdale for this reception.
Yeah.
I tell you, they speak very badly about you, but I tell them I look forward to listening to you.
Meaning what?
Well, I don't know.
I just think they, I don't know why you bring out this hostility.
Anyways, I don't know.
I like you.
I'm just going to say, uh, he talked about the coach of the panthers, this guy, Marie.
This guy looks like a funeral director.
Coaches like one, too.
And there's Ted Nolan does not have a job.
Why don't you guys get smart?
They're not going to hire Ted Nolan.
They want an ass-licker.
They don't want somebody who's going to give them a hard time.
Ted Nolan's black balls.
You should know that.
Yeah, but I mean, you're not going to get hired.
You're not going to get hired, sir.
Let me say it again.
See, I don't understand.
You know, if you want to have a conversation with me, I'd be glad.
But I'm telling you one thing and just, you just keep repeating the same thing
like you're hearing went out, like you're miracle you're died.
Well, what's the point?
It's not going to happen.
Did I have another question?
Alan Holmes.
Alan Holmes, you know him?
Yeah, he's like some tacos somewhere.
Yeah, W-A-B-C.
No, no, no, no.
Never heard him.
Okay.
Bob Grant.
Yeah, what about, what is it?
Sir, what about these people?
How about you, Lizzie's as Grant?
I love hearing your dad.
How about Abe Lincoln.
My comments about what?
About that, about that racist piece of crap, Bob Grant?
Who's 110 years old with a, for the worst hair piece I ever saw?
He makes Bob, he makes Bob Eisenberg's hair piece look good.
Get out of here, pal.
Go back to cheek to a wager.
Oh, yeah, well they speak very poorly about you.
Yeah, right.
You're a crowd.
Now, what do they speak?
Probably all over the age of 100.
All those old fossils that have destroyed this town.
Made it into what God gave out to a funeral parlor.
Jesus, Joseph and the, and the one guy I want to hear from,
I'm begging.
How, when the last time I ever begged anybody to call.
And was serious about it.
Never.
But this guy that's got the keys to the kingdom.
The answers about Dr. Bernstein, does he know anything?
Or is he just another witch doctor like most of them
and totally full of crap, huh?
We want to know.
Guy went there, he gives us the keys.
There's nothing worse than giving the big keys and then just, you know,
hiding, going into hiding.
Kind of skulking away.
Like our program director.
I'm a serious.
Let's get him some vagros, see if it helps.
I have never encountered anybody so important in my life.
And I'm not saying it's all directly because of him.
It's because the general manager wants it to be a one pony show.
And so he doesn't give any power to anybody except his little buddies upstairs
who grabbed all the power just by in default.
A little empire builder's up there.
The food Nazi, the water Nazi, the sales Nazi.
But when it actually comes to getting anything done right,
you just, you cannot believe it.
You do people think that I'm exaggerating.
You have to be here to believe it to see it.
We're sitting here this morning in a vacuum.
I'm honoring last five minutes of the worst thing,
which we're all sponsored by the way.
Thanks again, guys.
On the radio.
We got a little dinky radio that Davey Gravy lines on over here before we came on the air.
Thank you, Davey.
And that's the only reason we can even hear what the hell is on the air.
Don't we try to get a hold of the people upstairs in the control room?
And George has to have them paged.
And who picks up the phone up there?
Fat boy responds to the page at the page so that someone can walk into the control room
and tell the people in the control room that somebody is trying to get a hold of them
because they don't have a phone.
And of course, they don't have an office phone upstairs because that would do a cost next to a few bucks, you know.
And some of the some jackass in this building,
probably the program director went along with it, of course, because he's a wimp.
Oh, they don't need an office phone in the control room just so they can communicate with other people in the building.
What the hell would they need that for?
I don't understand it.
So in other words, if somebody calls to talk to like one of the board ops up there doing one of the sports shows,
from the outside, who doesn't have the hotline or if the hotlines being used,
let's say they got a guest on the air.
They can't reach them.
They can't communicate with them.
They can't talk to them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
They can't get a hold of them.
The first time we got to be a
That beat Carolina.
That was very crucial for us if the Panthers
have any outside chance of catching them.
Did you get to see the game, the penguin game?
Sure.
Of course, I saw the game.
Great game.
How do you think I got that clip from the moon?
Do you think that the sports people brought me in that clip
from my blank from the penguin game last night?
I take that one over time, goal.
Huh?
That one over time goal.
That was the time goal.
It was very spot go.
Why do you think I played it?
I haven't read the tape.
I haven't read the tape.
Seriously, I'm starting to get really
sorely this morning.
I'm starting to get really, really,
I came in here feeling,
not the greatest as far as physical,
but in a pretty decent mood.
But now I'm starting to get really sorely.
How come these people all speak so negative about you?
And then this guy starts babbling a bunch of names.
See, you people like the people from Tampa
and the people up there in Orlando
with all their little,
you know, make believe people on the radio up there.
Nobody here cares about them, including me.
Do you understand?
Yeah, right, like Lanciter.
Nobody here remembers him.
Nobody cares about him.
And every time we hear somebody from the West Coast,
oh, when you know Lanciter is still on FLA
and he's still on your material,
yeah, and the sun is still shining up there somewhere,
up in the sky.
And the moon is still up there, you know,
doing its thing.
And the phone is still dead as a door now.
And I think I'm going to go to the doctor.
Yeah, that's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to go to the doctor.
I'm going to, what I'm going to do is I'm going to get to yellow pages.
Instead of going like far away,
I'll just find the doctors that are like in the general neighborhood.
And of course, this particular neighborhood is probably like a lot of witch doctors, you know.
They're probably choking chickens on the front lawn right now,
getting the blood ready to, you know,
to treat all your rear diseases.
And it might actually work.
At least that would be something as opposed to what I've had.
And the more I think about that doctor,
feel good, the conversation we had here on Friday,
which I let him go on for an eternity,
an intraminable amount of time, a ponderous call.
Did he say anything?
No.
Didn't see a goddamn thing.
The most, and he says right on the air with at least four people listening.
Why not give another six or seven weeks?
Didn't he say that?
Another six or seven weeks, he said this on the air.
After the first two or three months that I've gone through all this crap,
we're just still not going away.
And I still have no,
they have, you know, I, like I said,
go to Airby Goddamn doctor in this town,
and they aren't going to take the time.
Because they can't be bothered.
And the one great hope that we had,
Dr. Bernstein, which has nothing to do with this,
but you know, with the diabetes guy,
the diet expert, the guru.
And the guy goes up there for two days.
Is that him?
Did he call?
No.
No, no, why are you less?
See, I can understand if it's a guy that's so much of a pussy to go on here in your first place,
but the guy called last week,
the teller study was going there.
We had a reasonable conversation.
I said great.
Let me know, call us and let it give us a report.
Let us know when you come back.
And now for some random,
and the longer that it goes,
that he doesn't call us,
the more I'm beginning to wonder what kind of, you know,
entry is involved in all this, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line on a deadly, deadly Thursday, man.
The cats got their tongue.
New.
Yeah.
You've got a bomb.
And took a hit in Woody.
I'd like to teach him some.
And get some munchies and make roundly filled with past.
And Woody shared it with Jesus and the saints.
So tie his heart and head.
No.
And yeah, yeah, heart is great.
And yeah, yeah, heart is good.
And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What has got most cannabis?
No, get fast, life's one of us.
Get inside on the back of the box.
Just in the most of skinned zone.
On a greyhound bus to Rome.
To get some bad skin on Rome.
All right.
Most of the fog Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven, let's your soul.
1031 at 560 WQM hang from Vegas into a clock.
Bochambi briefly just before two or three dinners tonight.
6 to 630.
630 to free game.
Panthers in Washington.
This is kind of the last guest.
I said the game against the Bruins was the biggest game of the year.
Well, since they didn't show up for that game, this is it basically.
I'm not going to say they're done for the playoffs if they lose tonight.
But the chances are really, really slim.
Unless they win this game of Washington tonight.
Any interest in that?
No, of course not.
So anyway, nobody in this audience ever heard of Hank Meyer.
That's number one.
Well, let's talk about this one.
Since we're talking so much about dead people lately.
I just saw this.
No, but I would never even see this.
Why do I look at the obituaries?
Well, every day I do look at the obituaries for one name.
I haven't found it yet, but nevertheless.
Huh?
No, you know, something.
Now I'm starting to add to that.
Now I'm going to start looking at obituaries before I come to work every day for more names than just one.
I don't want to mention no names around here.
You know what I'm talking about?
I don't want to think it's specific.
But boy, I would dance on their grave.
What they're doing to us.
Well, you just told me, and of course, if we had people on the phone, which we only got one, they would have seen.
That's another incentive for you to call folks.
You would hear what George says on the intercom during the breaks.
Well, you just told me about the communications, inability upstairs with just a bat line here that they use for guests and so on.
It's so unspeakable that there is nobody in radio, even people working in the TV in New York,
and WBTA wouldn't believe if you told them that.
That they don't have an office phone up there so that the producers and anybody else can't communicate with the outside world with anybody with their guests with anyone.
They want to call home if they want to call their girlfriend or whatever.
Lester Bannesberger founded Lester's diner is dead.
Oi!
Now I know we got a response on Hike Mark as he was told, how old is this guy?
Lester was, how come they don't have Lester's agent here, damn it?
I'm looking through the obituaries, goes on and on and on.
He had Lester's diner in Corp. New York before opening a diner in Sarasota, then in Brian, Ohio.
But it doesn't have his age.
Oh, here it is, he was 81.
Well, anybody who never ate on state road before Lester's diner,
it says Vice President George Bush, within Vice President, ate their Lester's diner,
high-powered lawyers, high school janitors, bunch of shleppers, the rich, the poor, the famous, the not so famous, the anonymous,
the great, the not so great, the deadbeats, everybody is eating at Lester's diner, including me.
See, there's nothing like, what was the diner that used to be on this game Boulevard around in the, what is it?
50s or 60s, there was a great diner on this game.
Boulevard, of course, nothing in this town is like it used to be. Trust me, but I'll tell you that.
Was it the best game diner? It might have been that.
God, great diners. And then what's that gourmet diner that's like further up this game, Boulevard?
About 150 first in that area where the old McDonald's used to be, which they finally tore down.
Remember that real old McDonald's that used to be up there with the first one of Florida?
Which is the, uh, arches that didn't, the old fashioned arches right.
Right up there, that used to be that, uh, what the hell is the name of that gourmet diner?
Nothing like a diner, baby. Go in there and get some real, real serious food.
Not that plastic crap they serve you today.
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello?
Some of the best entertainment in Fort Waterdale could be found at 3 a.m. at Leicester's diner years ago.
Yeah.
Going there a long time. I got nothing substantial, but I could have a big report, commercial Boulevard, just used to have a sawdress.
Conveniently located in the speeding, double, the speeding finds double zone.
Mm-hmm.
You got a two-wheel sunrise guy just waiting to make some money.
Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news.
That's it. I'll see you at Leicesters about 3 in the morning.
That's what in fact, it even mentions that. It says he put the name on one of South Florida's most venerable institutions in place with a hungry,
get a hot cup of coffee in a slice of apple pie all the mode or a big cheeseburger inside a french fries at 3 in the morning.
3 in the morning seems to be the time when the good stuff goes on there.
Like at the truck stops, we know what goes on there at 3 o'clock in the morning.
I'm off to America.
Okay. Two open lines a day, two of Broward. This is it. I'm going to crank the music out. I'm serious.
Because I'm starting to get real surly and scurly about this whole technical situation.
You think we got problems now and I'm going to pissed off. Move. Wait till Monday.
Wait till we get upstairs if that really goes down on Monday.
I mean, I just in visions of sugar plums are going through my head at this point.
Because like I said, you know, you can blame the engineers to a point.
But the fact is when you give a guy an older director set and say,
here, make me magic, make me a radio station.
And because there's so many wimpy people are working this place.
So I guess need a job, need to put bread on the table, you know, at home.
Everybody just goes along with this crap, including some of the people here who, you know,
pretend to have a big mouth and have some balls.
And you know, the 13 months that I've worked here, fight out.
They don't have any balls at all, you know, just a big act.
As long as they get the paycheck, they don't give a crap.
What kind of swill they this shot here? Unbelieveable.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Good morning, Dale. Yes, sir.
I was reading the, me sign yesterday.
I thought you were voted that's radio personality in Florida.
Really? In Florida? You mean like in North Dakota?
I don't know. I don't know. I think we're talking about a 20 block radius between the
date-broward line and 187th.
No, I think it was a little bit further than that.
Well, how can we don't have a copy of new times up here today? That's interesting.
We'll get it because it's the only reason we go to the AM dial is Neil Rogers.
Exactly. That's right is.
Now, come on.
Thank you, sir. And God bless you. There you go.
We got to hear from the callers. What's going on? How come nobody in our publicity department's got a whole of that?
How come that the greasy San Misham? How come he don't have a copy of new times in here?
I mean, even though of course being in new times, it's not that big of an honor, but never less.
It must be the best and worst issue again, right?
Now, I know we have city length downstairs. Do we have new time? Does anybody know that? No.
Maybe sometimes. Yes, sometimes. Well, there's got to be right downstairs.
It's like one floor down. You know something.
If we had a portable mic, I'd take it right now and go down the guy named elevator shaft.
Since we're getting the shaft in this place, do we have a port, a cordless mic? No.
Do we have squat? No. No. Of course not. New times we got to have a copy here today. That'll kill four good hours because there's nothing going on now.
You can smell it. The smell of death is over this town over this phone.
Today is Thursday. Each day of this week, it's gotten to the point. I'm hearing deep a lot on that stupid remote there doing this morning.
Pumping those numbers. He's pumping it and pumping it and pumping it and pumping it.
Even Arnold never pumped it so much because it's just a we're in a vacuum now, man.
We're lost. We're absolutely lost like my doctor like patch atoms were lost.
We don't know where to turn. And so we, you know, try to make you feel good.
Just give it six or seven years. You'll feel better or not as the case may be.
As long as I live, which may not be all that long, quite frankly, but as long as I live, I'll never forget that line.
Give it another six or seven weeks. You'll be fine. You don't need me.
Better be better. Move better. Move better. Move better.
Who's crossing that?
Oh my God. If you're so good, I'll show you. Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. Who's your daddy?
Oh my God. Oh, there's my boss. Play with my boss.
Oh, that feels so good. I just wrote a letter.
Oh, my God. What can you do with this? Oh, son.
Oh, yeah.
What's this? I'll go get to it.
You know, the reason I played that I'm thinking that maybe that guy that went to see Dr. Bernstein when he walked in the office
when he finally all was time for his appointment.
And he said, oh, come on in, Mr. Smith. And he walked in and there was instead of a doctor standing there with a stephiscope around his neck and a white schmata on.
Maybe there was like this small creature on the floor that looked like a duck making cracking sounds. Maybe that was the deal.
I don't know. Maybe it's something really a negativity to say. It just don't want to say it on the air. I don't know.
But I'm really I'm parked off about you. So I know who makes me angry or you or Greg read. Well, it's not not not even close.
So anyway, the new times I'm sorry, sir, but we've got the current issue of new times. Thanks to Joe Costello running rather building feverishly.
And it's there's nothing about the best of in the March 11 through 17 new times. And I would just got the city link, which allegedly inside has got your ballot for their best of since they both haven't just coincidentally to do this crap over here at the same time.
And I can't find the ballot for the anything.
Publicating and I call them publications loosely. You've got nothing but about 600 pages of ads.
It's kind of like QAM, you know, just spot after spot ad after address. There's nothing there man. There's no substance. There's nothing.
And did I mention by the way, thanks to the morning guys for two days in a row back.
I'm just going to do that. Never to let stop. Okay, just because our program director's got a limp member.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing? All right. Are you all right?
Hello, you're right. Hello, six. Yeah, that was yesterday. Okay. I'm a little bit behind that today's Thursday. That was Wednesday. I don't know how to use it. Show today.
I'm not good. I've got music coming out of my rectum. I'm sorry to hear that. That's okay. Did you read about the part you read about this guy decardinant? He's like a decardinist? Yeah, I'm sorry. Decardinist. Decardinant.
I think you're very positive. Well, who is he? I don't know. He's one of these guys that they wanted to pour him because he's not a citizen. He's he bribed. I don't know. He's mixed up in the county. Some big bride. Bribing corruption.
Yeah. Well, running for public office. I hope. No, he can't. What the hell not? But wait, hear me out. Okay. Okay. They want. He's complaining or some advocacy.
Group is complaining that he has these medical problems that they can't take care of it at the Chrome detention center. And they're and they're naming all of them. And the last one is an old and morbid obesity. Yeah.
So these are medical problems that we have. Well, let's give them to Dr. Bernstein. Maybe he'll come back and tell us how it was. Okay. And the last thing. What about this? And I know this is a couple days ago. But what about where have you gone? HR Holman.
And I like that. Not bad. I'm out of material. Thanks a lot, sir. Where have you gone? HR Holman? I like that. It's been pretty good. In fact, in a shower this morning, I was thinking of different names that fit in there to show how exciting it is around here these days.
And that Mrs. Robinson song. Hey, but he's got that a strange son. He left him 20 grand a year. What's wrong with that? Right? Go and jolt and Joe the Yankee Clipper. And now Joe Torrey. He's got the prostate cancer for the Yankees. They just can't the stuff just keeps. There is no bounded. I don't see it anywhere.
I keep leaving through these 5,000 pages of ad. I would say that it's in the Broward edition and of course, it's where in dead County. That's what we have.
It says right here on the front. It says inside your city length best of 1999 readers pool ballot. It says on the front page. I'm talking about the.
The what you're calling the new times. Yeah, but in the Broward edition. Well, how far up the street is Broward? So what somebody will bring you at the time? It's like two blocks up the guy.
The embassy. Oh, by the way, did they ever fix 441? It's on the other side now. But going northbound. It's okay. Yeah. All right. Yes. Oh my God. They finally fixed freaking 441 going northbound from here. It only took what about six, seven months that they had that thing blocked off.
It's one of those deals. Even if I wanted to get my oil changed up there at the mobile, you know, you can't get there from here anywhere.
Under any other maybe by helicopters, you'd have to drop your car in from the sky with a sky hook.
So we can't find the right new time. See, that's the that's the bitch about being in dead County. There is nothing for English speaking people in dead County.
There's absolutely nothing here. Everything has to be if you're if you're south of the border.
Then by the people that yeah, right because forget it. Anything you need anything that's in your language. You have to go up a few blocks in order to find it and get it.
I mean, Broward County. We may have a lot of old people, a lot of, you know, naval lent the flying around in the breeze, but Broward County boy. Thank God for Broward. At least it's close and we can live there.
Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Okay.
I've got a couple of things one you don't want to hear about. Go ahead. I'll listen to anything to this, sir. Okay. At least briefly anyway. I'm so pissed off about that. Dr. Bernstein guy. I hope that I hope Dr. Bernstein gave him a blueberry animal.
Oh God. Man. What a pussy. He walked hard and tell us on the year whatever his experience was. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
a lil."s run around. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Ain't laughs. Right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Ok take a break.
believe me if you could see the paper mache walls they got an addition the only thing it took was my lawyer threatening to take them to court
to force them to do this that was the hardest part not building it that the cheering gun to
uh... serious that's what it took was threatening to see them to force them to do this because one of their empty promises
just like all the promotion you see that we don't get which is in my contract which i see they were you down that's the whole philosophy
is well we're we're down to resistance and that's a who gives a crap anymore so i don't even say anything about the promotion
and what it says in my contract because after seeing the spot campaign they ran last year who wants to do that again with a twenty
pounds of pancake makeup which is probably why i'm sick from that crap that's probably what i think so i think it's i'm gonna
lawsuit somebody i think it was renearies kid don't move don't move trust me stay in a studio sure
okay i have a great day i think he's out of material now i'm waiting i'm sitting here very patiently listening to see if
these things because i'm taking all the stuff i got i'm tearing it up
even at litter about monica that wasn't a sunset in any way another horrendous letter to the editor but there
wasn't a sun sentinel not the hero so it's not as much fun the one thing i won't tear up though that makes me feel
really good oh god here's the one ray of light and otherwise very depressing day
lester from the diner is dead hank mire is dead and nobody in this audience even know who the hell that was
see i don't believe that i bet you there's people out there that were real tight with hank mire and mire landscape
you don't know i'm not that there's any connection there but i'm just mentioning since their name was both mire
but the best story that i've read in ages on the business news section this morning and the
headline says pactions losses widen oh yeah i was sitting there this morning oh wow i saw that and
boy did that open up new avenues for me to get there's another one west palm beach based
paction communication said it's losses from continuing operations widened to 89.5 million dollars
in 1998 from 36.5 million 1997 let's hear it for buddy bud
paction launched its family-oriented pax tv per by the way how's that report intercedes stock to
and when paction launched its family-oriented pax tv programming in august which helped to expand
revenue to $134.2 million from 88 point blah blah blah blah blah blah in 1997 a $254.7 million
dollar gain on the sale of pactions ratey assets made final income of 214.7 but that was like bogus
company president Jeff Sagancki said he expects advertisers to expand use of pax tv in the future
because it is delivered a growing audience level with solid female demographic he said the
networks now have 54 of the largest network advertisers up from 35 at the end of last year
paction stock wait till here this paction stock was like between 11 and 13 all the while we were
19 cents yesterday to $8.31 on American stock exchange yeah let's hear it $8.31 another radio
may have another broadcasting mobile like i told you i got a lot of money but at home schlock
network it became dangerous destroyed everything in his wake in fact i think that would be that would
be a real interesting conversation who is more incompetent who's a bigger bozo we know who's got
more money but who's a bigger bozo but paction or Greg read boy that's an interest we could do a
whole series we could do a 25 part series on that topic because one thing at least paction wasn't
when it came to giving you stuff to work with was cheap i've told you this before we went into
that new iod after they sold a station and they had equipment there that nobody in the rest that
even luke skywalker would be astonished with amazing stuff am i right stuff that we didn't need
that we would never use but it sure was impressive they didn't know how half of it worked
we had many displayers over there that like actually a real and you could actually read the cuts
remember that with real little computer screens on them like the best of money can buy we got one's
here that like when you go to queue something up like in the middle of that spy you were playing
the music star yeah there you go by itself
seriously nice there is wallwards you know that place the dollar store a lot of them all
have got one of those like they saw granted the dollar store that's what this place is all about
the fricking dollar store here's a mobile in oats the kishka lady hello hi Neil how are you okay
and ages yeah where you've been uh locked up working yeah they don't allow me out in the daylight
anymore so i snuck out today um couple of things uh i hear that you and i have uh some
similar opinions about the uh political uh writer for the sunsensual you mean that
asshole buddy niven that's the one yeah that's the one that hummel public little torp yeah did you
read that about the Larry Smith the ex congressman no i don't read buddy niven's call
my friend did that thing about how we're supposed to feel sorry for Wayne and what a prick i am i
i don't read anymore oh god he's amazing he thinks that everyone should know the truth about
you know everything before they decide to have Larry Smith act as a lobbyist on behalf of
Howard County and Washington let me ask you this since bunny niven the so interested in the truth
how is that radio pedophile ring coming that he was reporting ten years ago in the front page of
the sun sentinel that was a total figment of his own homophobic imagination and the never materialist
how's that coming along right and what about his betting down with lobbyists huh uh huh yeah
he never reports that part of the truth does it and when they had the the ordinance of
Howard County the civil love domestic whatever the partnerships thing that went through
oh only gay rights groups want that nobody else want that guess what it passed the next day
like overwhelming me sorry buddy you lose again homophobic little twit you're not fooling
anybody absolutely it's about reen sun okay i have a great day sweet i gotta run you say
though i'm gonna give up a big kiss on that the bearded push open line and broward all three
indeed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty why two k why not two k up to speed and ready
to food up hang gober weekday assamines of two on sports radio five sixty q a m the Neil
Roger show on five sixty w q a m my ammy port lauderdale just they some stamps for nothing it was a
cold steel grey day brutal wind blowing in the direction of the sea freezing fat cheers with
undying loyalty victory rested on the shoulders of one man napolian koffman
he emerged on the field from the smoky boughs on the teen locker room napolian koffman
he was happy and ready to do something throughout the annals of sports this day nobody did
something better than napolian koffman napolian koffman you feel something
oh right look at all three and five fifty w u q a m your sports dramatic stage i'm going to the
store last night about six o'clock i'm in my car the booster is just coming on making those
sounds that he makes a lot lately oh god lose some weight please so anyway one of his earliest
calls is some guy can i'm not making this up hey i've got you know i'm following this kid
uh in the name i know i'm exaggerating but it was close to this uh his name is hymen roth
it was very close to that name and uh i've been following since he was like an elementary
he's got like in kindergarten and he's got a great arm and you think he's going to make it with
the marlin and at that point i wanted to like kind of like steer the car off to the side of the
road over to the shoulder there you know and just park it and just sit there and kind of like
slump my head down on the steering wheel here's davie hello pretty bad isn't it yes it is a meal
hymen roth he's got a great teacher this kid can heave it man he's hevenant you should have heard
the guy i've got like heven you should have heard the guy i called man it should be other day
then don't send flowers he said the money to the joe's cancer fed to that how he would have
wanted it yeah and you know you see twenty how about saying the money there was a strange son
out there in uh northern california in that trailer park did you see twenty twenty last night
no i was watching the penguin game sir some hunks lack the fag and uh in this small town and uh
it's crazy you mean Matthew shepard is that what you're talking about yeah yeah and uh
the hunks might whack the fag yeah and uh uh this town is crazy this state is crazy are you gonna if you
it with the dildos and this is there anywhere we can pipe your show into our bama with the
mark with the dildos the women here and by their dildos now you were talking about a few weeks
ago and uh our bama yeah what are we going to do about this how about if we just send the
adykes from alabama all do uh Wisconsin and then in north dakota how about if we just send you
where you belong okay pal like on a desert like alcatraz would be good asshole moron just a total
absolute moron yes some guys lack the fag up there and that's a real new story too by the way sir
that you find the kitchen up with the times we have an open line and powered all three and
a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line i guess he just uh
marches to a different drummer here's Miami hello Neil yes sir are you doing okay uh you've been
talking about music a lot and that happens to be pretty much my favorite subject and a few
bands that haven't been mentioned that are the best okay let's go to a hollywood hello
Neil yes sir hey how you doing i don't even ask yeah i feel i feel like i got out of bed and i
woke up and i was in hell those people that said i was going to go to hell and die this is it i'm in it
i'm in it right now you're the only call on the board sir this is it okay well this is the
medley of my life 23 years and uh 11 days of my life in this town you're it you're a medley of my
material right now sir take all the time you want telecomersal break okay well um i'm i'm a big
sports freak right but i can't i can't take listen to sports talk all day these guys are so
repetitive and ridiculous and what makes them qualified for forget forget about that but the
stuff that you hear people talking about is such minutiae it's a miracle that we get the ratings
that we do on this stage the rest of the day because how any person in their right mind with any
kind of a life wants to hear about somebody that nobody ever heard of before on and on and on
about some nine-year-old kid with a great arm who if he lives long enough we're going to be a great
picture someday what what is that what is that yeah and what half a half a show commercial is
anyway no offense qa ever got to hear about the board ops in how they're going to go out to the
city bar and you're going to get laid and i mean well what is that what does that have to do with
anything i mean who cares about that yeah more power to them but you see they got to get on
there it's like George said to me this morning before we came on here we were talking about that
it's part of this whole gate club this whole syndrome that exists here you know this this sports
bar without a microphone and everybody showing each other how much they are patting each other
on the block it's crazy it's but it's embarrassing you like a fun mob costus thing man you are one
funny guy i gotta give you credit man crack me up at all yeah thank god for me i'll tell you that
because you're right 20 hours a day this station is the most boring piece of dirt i've ever
worked on that life the first team is the mind i'd rather hear the chic squeaking for 10 hours every day
you know at least it's uh uh something i don't mind thank every now and then if he doesn't have an
attitude yeah as long as he's not put one of those long press conferences on it that just
it makes me a frost my ass we doesn't yeah he's got an attitude he thinks he's king well that's
okay like hangpun he's gotten attitude yeah no but uh yeah i work for these people you'd have an
attitude too pal believe me yeah i'm gonna think about the pants this man it's hard to see the
patches oh yeah i remember them this team is like one one night great any other night there
is your heart about it there are 500 team they're mediocre without palvelberg they're just another
mediocre team they're boring okay that came in Boston i never had one call about it yesterday i
haven't seen a game that i could have sat there in the and done my nails watch nail uh uh
polish dry would have been more exciting than watch that they have one that that now that's that
saving made on fellow with some save but you should have looked at the puck a little maybe you know
yeah it was a wide open i mean and they're still belly it you know are they're gonna
complain to the league about that second goal i hate to break the news to you but once they got
the first one the game was over all right because if you don't score any you can't win the game
i know that comes to the shot to the bm and tm boys but if you don't score any goals you're not
gonna win the game so you can win and cry and the referee was bad i'm gonna tell you something they
make me sick to my stomach with a belly it can add it to the theirs they got a real crappy attitude
yeah but they were buried in there i think they could do pretty good yeah it was buried in there but
you know by the time he gets back it's gonna be uh this guy gonna be like they're
candles already this guy gonna be hurt like every other week not i hope not
without him and without him we suck that's right there's the camp a day well listen pal have a great day
okay now they'll talk to that kid with a great arm okay i love goli by the way okay not okay
oh what's he what's he talking about yeah see that that's all you need to hear is gildi that's
all you need for like 30 seconds that tells you everything you need to know about sports talk
hey that kid that's playing over there for north side Dakota state boy he's great he's gonna be
here he's our real comin we have an open line to date 400 and powered five six seven i'm sorry
that i'm in such a surley sour crappy mood right now because when i sat down here about two
and a half hours ago i was in a decent mood considering i was sick as a dog but i should be
getting used to that in fact that's really what dr. mark said you know after you have this for
about five six months whatever it is which we can't figure out you get used to it you know it's
like somebody chopping off your leg it's uncomfortable for while but after while you get used to it
right dr. mark see if he was like if he would i don't want to go into it i don't want to even say it
because he's not in fact that all those doctors that i've been talking about they should come over here
they fit right in with Greg Reed because when you come right down with they just don't care that's
that's it we're the month of money but we just really don't care we like you to think that we
care but not not enough to really do anything i want to bang in the butt honey
okay
gozy gozy talking on a porch show trying to be my show your boy sounds just like a
static year old girl a little for social what else are you there for girl be
gail see talking like a baby who needs a little draining why can't you understand
you don't sound like a fan remove the rubber sound that shows your throat come
tell me tell me tell me
tell me your lucky man is still telling you don't be long there on the air and tell me
those four can wait till your voice cracks
well then it won't do sounds like that you'll find another job and they should only take you back
when both your baby's dropped so tell me tell me when you're gonna grow up you make a
band it's boy make you sound like a
but you're a
hot yes
you're a hot
up 15 to 5 60 up to 2
yeah
there's our last call here's my name hello
my name is yes sir
uh why are you sir first okay
you know what about um
Rocco Seperedi are you a fan of his
Rocco Seperedi yes he's a porno star
exactly my fan of his yes he's okay okay um are you yes or
am yeah okay and uh your thing was um Ted Nugent I know you were talking about the music
yeah Rocco Seperedi Ted Nugent what about uh full henchial but he's there you a fan of his oh
yeah he's down there in 22nd half yeah right he's selling uh okay we'll say how to fat
stomon on the park okay okay that's our calls for today that's what you got you visitors
anybody visiting town that's what it's all about where you just heard last hour and 15 minutes
that's it that's the medley of their material somebody thanks me this thank god for whoever
thanks this by the way and isn't that interesting sir atra he was a tag and I mean I love my
Italian friends but you know sir after I had a few mob ties there Frank Castella Joe Castella
Jolton Joe refused mob's Cuba offer okay he resisted he kept his honor
there you go Joe Demagia one of the 20th century's most revered heroes it says
who would that ugly face in the bad teeth was once interrogated in the investigation of a notorious
mobster the Manhattan District Attorney's Office interviewed the Anki Clipper when it was investigating
the 1957 murder of Albert and Estasia remember that great song Anestasia by Pat Boone the
nefarious head of murder incorporated from that interrogation it's clear that Demagia seems to
hung out with a lot of people in the rackets this bill bass stone of the smoking gun a website
that post documents such as lawsuits and arrest records the smoking gun obtained the
admasio interview through the Freedom of Information Act and is now making the interview
available the public for the first time in its site during the interview Demagia told investigators
of meeting Anestasia through Paul DeMotto who according to federal records was a mobster mobster
Demagia also told his interviewers how Joseph Salaci aka Joe Rivers of the Traffick County
asked Demagia to front for a gambling operation in Cuba. Demagia next the idea I told him that
due to my image in the eyes of the American youth I can't venture into gambling whiskey and
cigarette endorsements Jolton Joe told investigators he kept his honor. He resisted
all the way didn't you know didn't endorse cigarettes he just smoked him instead and now he's dead.
I still don't understand that why nobody in the media you know you just don't step on the toes
of those icons those Teflon icons why nobody points out the fact that the reason you got
lung cancer in the first place was because he was a chain smoker smoked all those faggots he might
lift to 104 might lift to 124 he would have been perfect for South Florida especially Hollywood
except for smoking those damn faggots want to put lung cancer all you kids out there I mean there's
a great message to be in there but are we hearing anything about it no all we hear about is so
we're changing names of streets and we're paying tributes and he was this and that's all we hear
I mean that could be something really positive since he was so so concerned about kids
here's a mobile and curl spring hello Ted Newton is this guy dreaming I we're not doing music again what
I know but I'm just on a whole lot of these always a day behind
I mean a couple of times in the Rocco Sifre he's watched too many porn movies this guy that's his
problem all we just have to do is the lines will clear and I said I'll call you the lines are the
lines here today are as dead as a doornail I have never every week it's worse and worse and worse
and worse and worse and thank God that I motivate myself to get out of bed and come into more
because I need I need I see that light at the end of the rainbow it's a long tunnel but I see
it down there you know I got the days on a calendar mark it's there just keep holding it I'm
holding it I'm feeling for a Boston right yes and here I'm rooting for the panthers the other night
watching them why would you be rooting for the panthers being for 15 years you know and I followed
the panthers since day one yeah I mean it made that came made me sick to them I'm like what am I
rooting for that wasn't a game that was just an exercise that lasted about two and a half hours
that that was that was a pointless exercise was crap well I might go I'm gonna get on the
phone huh I might go down the inside up for the panthers make about a million a year that's
happened if you look Brian Zance will probably sign a nice juicy fat contract hey one last thing I
was in I know with a Wayne High finger blow up dog you you're in you got it I was in public
in Cooper City maybe two weeks ago I always wanted to tell you this yeah and I saw a real famous
celebrity in there not me and I think I pissed them off no Rick Stanches oh good when I walked by
he had his car and I walked by and I started singing one of the million I thought he was gonna
kind of he gave me the dirtiest look I've gotten from anyone in my life I love it and by the way if
you could throw that one out I would okay give him a big kiss for me pal my other wreck him
so we ever talk about those stories allegedly he used to run around and drag in the morning on
channel seven before you got married I guess we did we have it open on us seriously there's a lot
oh boy you talk about a place where there's some strange people now broadcasting most of us are
strange but I'm gonna tell you channel seven woo we channel seven has got the most amazing
collection of bizarre people were that talking about women but some of them are pretty bizarre too
wow not to mention my good friend Brian Andrews I called it nice go out there Brian at least he
cared enough to call it my anniversary and by the way and I'm still in interested here's a mobile
in Val Harbor hello hello yes sir good morning you Buenos dias I took my family to the forage last night
yeah I'm sorry to hear that I can't do yeah what's wrong with that place meaning what it's a
it's another hype job yeah it's the worst plastic joint yeah what is my having coming to you
anybody get shot in there while you were there no it's not about that not about that what was
that I'm working for a nice area to live what do you recommend for the family when I see
I think probably Boston would be good little on chilly side take some warm leggings and stuff we
have open lines in the day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line man
you know something this this is good speaking of music to be flexions oh Romeo and Julia good record
but anyway this this show is a mirror image it's a reflection of this community I've always said
that and it is it is and these I let's you spoon feed these people the last several years and like I
said them and they go it's gotten worse and worse used to be I remember the good old days the
most of those people are either dead or gone or you know they're smart enough to get out but now it's
like there there is nothing it's a vacuum it's either those you know the three little hoolios that
are busy playing with each other that are making up stories about whatever they're making up today
you know it's them or it's the the Julios but you know all my fathers of priest or I or a minister
or rabbi something like that yet one of those stories that's all we got it's not this show
we're kicking ass on this show this show is one of the only living things left in this town
even I know that but to listen to these people like this guy I mean well what is what was that
it was like on a plate no wonder they are stiffened into forge huh what that is that's not a good
place what what do you what do you give me a look like that it's not and I don't care what anybody
says I mean if you want to get sucked into a hype more power to you if you want to go and spend
you know a weak salary for meal at Joestone crabs or at the forge or if you want to go stand on line with
a bunch of old you know concentration camp mentality type people at the rascal house be my guess
those seriously that's the mentality those people are shoving the food in the mouth like they
have it eaten in years they're standing outside they're stealing the pickles and the rolls and doing
that crap so if that's your idea of a good time at a great meal be my guess we've got lots and lots
of good places to eat in this town I only wish I wasn't diabetic and by the way I sure like
you're about Dr. Bernstein am I going to hear about it no because then I'd be enough a storm even
being fat if you're not diabetic you know then you got a shot like look at bookshobbing man you're
going to get a book I'm telling you diabetes you're going to have a high blood pressure or a stroke
coronary I'm telling I'm not saying those things because I wish them for you know I'm not a bad guy
but I'm trying to warn you I'm trying to scare you now before it's too late because you are
enormous we've got a lot of fat people like I've told you in this place led by Josh Friedman
although at least book smells better of course of course so does what I left in the in the bowl
this morning smell better than Josh Friedman but nevertheless that the Georgia isn't even
smoking on that because he knows it's true because he knows it has to be true sure both
I know seriously don't don't you wonder doesn't it ever cross your mind about whether the problem is
not the staples and the oozing fat and all these but just kind of like the slob factors or the
individual the slob factor that's not the fat maybe maybe maybe maybe a little right guard maybe
like a little you know that the talcum powder something even like maybe a little you know a
little hygiene on the rectum would help rag on a stick rag on a stick there you go the Josh
Friedman's new rag on a stick out here it's here cheap let's do an infomercial to help with his show
Josh Friedman's rag on a stick to wash your armpits with it wash your rectum yeah everywhere
behind the ears behind the back all that's something to eat in the back of your legs
she always tells Josh Friedman to lose some weight but he already has lost a lot of weight and if
he's still discussing that makes no difference he's still what he is nauseating I want him to give
you the real thing here now you've seen him on channel seven years first as a two bit reforming now
as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febanker and Mary Kay combined rick
santa's thing
here are the dulcet tones of the man who brought you crunch act rick santa's
rick santa's
rick santa's things
don't miss rick santa's in his pasty face tour over ilya it's one show you won't want to miss
rick santa's things thank for a good one
rick santa's he loves his audience i accept you as a precious gift from us hey rick how's
the burgo sand pager doing now sure hope he's doing burning that guy you hit in the car
it's eleven thirty two five sixty w two a.m one call left in the border go into the brake
i got like five calls on there i mean you talk about manic about up and down and up and down
i mean this isn't just from like one hour to the next today this is like from one segment to the
next from one minute to the next they're there they're gone they just don't have their hearts in it
anymore like he used to be like i said their hearts are not in this show ask not what they'll
i can do for you i throw all my stuff in a waste basket that i want to talk about today okay
because these people are they're still stuck with yesterday which was an extension from last week
already with a guy that music stuff talk about a one-no Charlie okay let's talk about music uh
what's our music no that old lady you're calling me again the old bag should get psychotic she
wants to hear a Mitch Miller record she wants to hear the Kirby stone for whatever they work
she wants to hear ad aims here's a cover read hello hello Neil yes this is Goldie yeah um
Neil i don't want to talk about music either but i yesterday i'll talk about whatever anybody
wants to talk about that's how desperate i am today that's how that's how they've brought me to
my knees today some puts called it and said Chennai a coin was a slot and all this stuff and i'm
gonna kick that guy's ass yeah that's my woman man is it really it's definitely i i guarantee you
but all the bit money if you work day you'd be all of it yeah what do you think i'm gonna tell you
something i was driving home from work yesterday and there was a young lady walk out the school bus
and just what you said just that she was about i would say 17 maybe 16 but no it's seriously she
looked about 17 blonde right and not and like and i know George would have like gone nuts over
this girl because she would enjoy like big women like his wife you know she was not fat but like
but you know what i'm talking about yeah right but big a big young lady would like very ample you
know all the right parts and i thought to myself if i were of that persuasion boy i would be
stopping right now to find out where she's gonna be spending the rest of the afternoon there you go
no she's a little bit underage but she's getting older by the minute yeah that thought did cross my
mind have you seen a video that Chennai twin does where she's got her hair dyed red no she's got this
no like two times but i know she loves the back street boy so how bad can she be
woo boobies are hanging out i'm going great nuts hers are the back street boys oh no the back street
boys get definitely better better better big breasts yeah all right now okay pal should i
twin for president there you go i got news for you she got a better chance in Elizabeth doll
if there's anybody seriously you republicans i'm re i'm ecstatic i'm happy you made me very happy
about it okay the idea that you keep wanting to put all these people in there they've got no
chance they've got a china m in chance in addition to which they keep doing these pools oh well you
know Elizabeth's soul would be the allegor right i hate to break the news to you but it's March 1999
okay i remember when michael do caucus who had a perfect name by the way remember when he ran
for president and the early polls oh he was trouncing bush man he was all over he was like
185 points ahead and when yeah he couldn't win a fixed election michael do kaka it turned out
so all these idiotic pools like does anybody really believe that the Elizabeth doll could get
elected no nobody believes that but now the new deal is you know the husbands were stiff like
baba you know he's embarrassed himself let's make Hillary senator from new york okay let's make
Elizabeth doll president then that way you know clinton can i move into another place in the
live like you know high in the hog in Albany there or no i guess in washing that's right you don't
have to move anywhere what i think about thinking let's make her governor he deserved to be in
Albany and then let's make you know and then bob dole gets the only way bob dole ever get in the
white house except maybe for lunch we're talking mediocrity baby you wonder why the public is just
not interested they're more interested in any anything else anything that'll help him kill some
time diversions per versions you name it that's what they want to know from
you better remind me do a registered vote for next election because um by that when it gets
around of that time i'm going to lose my enthusiasm for it i think that might register too yeah let's
register to vote for those of us who haven't been registered in years and years to piss off
that little tour of buddy nevans okay here's a mobile and hi lia hello nale yes sir this is
the way sent you we're following a shocking development
my buddy come week wait yeah hi my buddy come here oh so sad so you're so sad we're just sitting here
we're picking lit out of our ass we're so excited about what you just said very very weak like i said
now why couldn't we have Asians come here bus those i know we're very far from Asian it's kind of
hard to cross the Pacific and get through the you know a pan of canal and a whole deal
maybe they may be good go down underneath what do they call it keep as a cape i always get confused
cape horn or cape of a verdict cape uh coral cape something that's the word cape horn
i mean it's a long way to get here but why couldn't we have that though you know i mean i love the
Asian people they're so industrious and they're so polite and they're so bright and they're so
brilliant and there's nobody screaming about how we got a free china from the communist and about
how they want to go back there you know they'll get and they smell great oh they're marvelous
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line very weak Thursday
i'll give you folks an f- so far yeah so far i'm waiting that guy called yet by the way with
that the burns no what what are you laughing about the other guy promised me that that guy would call
sir you know something you've taken it's like it's like like i was talking speak out of the
Chinese like i mentioned a week or two ago about reaching in doing the phony operation you know
the bloodless operation where they do that slight of handcraft and rip people off and charge
them thousands of dollars for an operation that never took place and they shivered the chicken
blood all over their stomach and they can think they had an operation that's that's what it's like
when you got a guy that promises you something like that that goes wherever wherever it was
wherever the hell doctor burns that nowhere is offices promises you information he's going to
share with me and with more importantly with all the people out there in the audience with this guy
the real thing is he full of crap people are spending not millions but billions of dollars
to try to lose weight to try to get their health back on all these herbal sub saint john's
worth i don't want no words but everybody never other is doing words now because i think it's
gonna make it make them feel better and this guy refuses he refuses to call and help us out with
any just with information the call is free sir here's Miami hello yes sir i don't know if you've
got a chance to see extra last night they had uh... jury fall off cousin is gay cousin no
i'm gonna use the discussing you know jerry's more how much of it this time extra that a trashy
tabloid all i don't know i didn't see that i just i just came through it i thought taking wiki's
go ahead to stop yeah so but it was really funny because he was to use discussing uh
jerry fall alone and had the fact that you know that he doesn't have an agenda being gay and
he turned out he was in the advocate men magazine naked i don't know what jerry's thinking about that
yeah but uh... it was actually pretty funny uh... also in closing to the guy who i think jerry
takes it up the ass you know i really do of course i think he does of course you know it's where you're
not all those guys of course uh... and at the time about jimmy but i think jerry does in response
to the guy who called about i called yesterday about shania 21 if you had a real girlfriend you
wouldn't have to be fantasizing about shania 20 would have to go any further than you're right hand
for your girlfriend and fight like all these sports nerds that we got in this radio station
they had a real girlfriend they wouldn't have to keep a run out of the city bars and talking about
on the earth right and two you know i'm saying kory and two why doesn't kory have a girlfriend he's
not a bad looking guy huh he's a you know i got about a seven and a half on a scale of four hundred
he's not you know i'd also be more than happy going to ring with that guy beat the crap out of him
so you can go home and tell his mom he and his boyfriend they used beat up by a fact okay
have a good day to you so seriously i mean kory's not a bad looking guy you think
yeah i didn't say he was a great looking guy we don't have any great looking people working
on this radio station but he's he's not ugly huh he's not fat he's better than average right that's
exactly what i just said okay so why do you see i don't want to say who was that you know turn
to model the sorted way of life and barbie for me you know yeah too well you know kept to come
on the year and announce every guy named titty bar that he went to who cares i'm listening to boob
going out to the store and back last night i'm getting her about kory's sexual exploits which
quite frankly jesus although it was more interesting than here about the kid with a great arm
who's eight years old heim in roth's junior i swear to god it somebody maybe somebody will call
and take you the name of this uh because it's a real person and i think his name is heim and i
think that was the right part or maybe he's got one i already have a homosexual relationship with
nil so i might as well have one with you too
so who's got figure where i'll move by the way tonight playing in josh think
before
Yeah, that I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly,
I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly a lot, I can fly, I can fly. I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly, I can fly a lot, I can fly a lot. I can fly a lot, I can fly, I can fly. I have to fly to prefer, but if I just hate to auto- danke, I can fly away because, if I had to fly away, I would just cross my head,
I don't want to get to go back and I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I
think out loud speaking silence is a matter of fact, it could be someone that can already range
outside ailyhouse...
I like the wee-weees.
It's 13 Tulumins 560Q.
In any case, speaking of bookshombie, as well as
moments ago. Yeah, I forgot the highlight of this trip to the supermarket. See, if I
turn to radio on, I don't have my CD in there immediately. And actually, here a little bit
of the station is always an adventure. There's always something to talk about. He starts out
before he went into his movie reviews because he was not against the NCAAs. No, he wasn't
going to get any calls and was desperate. And before talking about Cory and the Tiddy Barth,
he starts out by talking about Joe Torrey of the Yankees, you know, who's got prostate
cancer. And he goes into the end of course, anybody who's like, even if you don't know
baseball or don't know exactly who Joe Torrey is, you don't wish any evil on anybody unless
they did something bad to you. So we all wish the best for Joe Torrey. Okay. People like
him. He's a good guy. Never stole a freight train, etc. But he goes through this long,
syrupy thing. He says, Oh, we'll all say a prayer or two to the big man upstairs. And
I thought, is he talking about Josh Friedman again? Or Jeff, hi, which big man upstairs?
Oh, how do you like to even be an elevator with those three? Boo, not one of these elevators.
We got the crappiest elevators, man. They're like every five minutes breaking down like
your copying machine. Boo, Sean B, Jeff, hi, and Josh Friedman. Talk about the weight going
down. Talk about suck to fat off my fanny. Going straight. This is the elevator that can't
go up. It only goes down. Right? Woo. Like Kathy Willis. It only goes down to open lines
and day just like Bob Dole before he took to Vagra, 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 6, the only AT&T
wireless line. The big man upstairs. Let's say a prayer. Now let me ask you something.
If there's a big man upstairs, how come he lets Joe Torrey get prostate cancer in the
first place? You fat orange hair and asshole. You idiot. Why do they feel compelled to say
these idiotic, moronic things? Why do we have to go through this idiotic exercise?
All of these things. Right. What's the point? Say a prayer to the big man upstairs for a Joe.
Let's hope he's got a good doctor. Yeah, that you really need a prayer for that. I wish I had one.
You know something. I don't even wish I had a good doctor. I wish I had a doctor period.
Not a good doctor. Just like a real doctor. Just period. Just for a little while.
And you wonder why doctors commit so much suicide?
Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm coming in a question first on the
product baseball project that I call a call you. I think his name is Buster Heimann.
Buster Heimann, yeah. Yeah. And really?
I'm sorry. Yeah. Question on Joe did the other day listening to
management was holding him for Goldberg. There was a common he made. He said that the module
had supposedly an every introduction area or any tour there or a presentation. You've always
had to be introduced and he had a stipulate in the contract. Yes, what the world's greatest
baseball player. I don't believe it. Yeah. Yeah, I was shocked and you hear that.
And now they always said the world's greatest living baseball player. Well, maybe. Yeah, that's
possible. I don't know about that. I think there's a few others could be disputed with that. No,
no, no, I'm not talking about that. But I'm just saying the phrase they did use to introduce
him that way because they showed about 7,000 clips of it this last since he croaked. That's incredible.
Yeah. That's incredible. And in closing, I can only say as far as Joe Tories, unfortunately,
but I think tonight the five families in New York are holding the Rosary Forum. Okay.
Do you reject Satan? I do. We have an open line and date one and Broward. 5, 6, 7,
05, 60. The world is loaded with hypocrisy. What a bulletin, boys and girls. Yes, Virginia,
there are a bunch of hypocrite out there who say, you know, whose motto is don't do as I do do
as I say. By the way, did you know there was a Puerto Rican mafia in Springfield in the Midwest
out there on the guiding light? Well, seriously, I mean, there's only one family. That's the best
part of it is there's a couple of, you know, a couple of hundredlings who are like,
God, busted the other day because the new Michelle, the new young clone Michelle, whatever she is,
that that show is just all over the place, just unbelievable. Must be everybody turned it off because
I don't get any calls under anymore, especially since heart died, you know, all of the desperate
women out there, since heart croak, they're gone all off of that show. I guess Billy ain't fooling
them, huh? Here's a lady in Cutler Ridge, hello? Okay? She doesn't like to show it all. She thinks it's
full of, she said, but her husband listens a lot. Thank you, sweetheart. I hope, sir, you know,
I hope that you get a wild bloody case of diarrhea that keeps you on the throne for months, okay?
Because you sound dangerous to me. You sound like a real miserable bitch that would actually take
the trouble to make the phone call to tell me you don't like the show. Find something else to do.
Okay, sweetheart, is he holding you at gunpoint? Is that it? Yes, good. Maybe we'll all get lucky.
Two open lines indeed. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
Tom five, 60, foul mouth, spick, bitch. That's what we had right there, okay? What are you looking at
me? She was a spick. She was a spick it. No way. Yes, she was married to freeway.
Not no way freeway. You are so defensive, man. Well, what's wrong with you?
I have to talk about a hypocrite. You put on such a big act. I've mentioned it so many times
that I'll mention it again and again because it bears bearing out. You pretend you put on this
big denial, like you're not a professional Cuban, but if anybody, I didn't say she was Cuban,
I said she was a spick. She was an onion bulb. She was from Ecuador.
Now you don't know nobody from Ecuador, do you? There was no accent there. Do you know anybody?
Yes, you're as how wise. I knew people from Ecuador. Sure. Okay, how about you're a guy?
I'm a what? A Vera. I'll speak in a yogi. Here's Volca. Hello. Volca, how about pressing the
button? I mean, okay, try it. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, Neil, I like it. I really love your show.
I like music things. Here we go, but when you start this bitch and you're a habitual bitcher.
Yeah, and I swore to the head. So let me ask you this. What do you like to show for?
About all kind of things. If I'm not certain, you're instead of just screaming and screaming
with your right neck, he's sounding voice. Why don't you tell me why? Because since I do it all
the time, you love it, don't you, sir? You love it. You suck it up. And the show too. You know what?
I think you're right. Okay, thank you. Well, I like this guy. That was easy. He only listens to
me, bitches. And who I want to talk about music? It's boring. Oh, this is the best. No, they're the best.
I mean, it's like I said the other day, it's subjective. If you like it, don't, and don't expect
the rest of the world to validate your opinions. If you like that music, even if everybody knows
it's crap and a laugh at you, listen to it. That's all. Hey, everybody's so worried about what
everybody else thinks. That's your biggest problem, folks. You're too concerned about pleasing to
God damn Joneses and the Smiths and the Robinuites. That's the God damn problem with this freaking world.
I don't give a crap on anybody thinks. So sick and terrible. All these pushies out there,
all these little emotional weaklings that are so concerned about being like a Greg Vudelle,
does everybody really hate me? Do they all hate me? Yeah, we hate you. Yeah. In your case,
it's not paranoia, Greg. It's real. Maybe it's that first name, okay? As in Greg Reed. Oh,
what a good week this has been. We haven't seen him at all this week. Am I down here? Yeah,
you have up there. George had to go through a rumple stiltskin jumping up and down a song in a
dance so that we can get a lock on our door in the studios upstairs on our great new studios so
they don't run away with all our stuff up there. I'm sure it's Ricky Martin is gone.
I mean, who the hell would steal Ricky Martin like Copa de la Vita? That was here. I went home. I
thought maybe I took it home. What the hell would I take it home for? When I listen to it at home,
no chance. And don't even have a naked picture of Monday. Who don't want that? Here's Miami Beach.
Hello. Hey, Neil. Love you, show. Yes, sir. What a run-up car you've had. I liked that last
guy though. He was good. Anyways, listen, hopefully I don't await your your viable time. Yeah.
I'm stuck. I have a young daughter and it's driving me crazy because life is very much to be
enjoyed. I'm not with this with all this this bowl crap around. But I am asking one media coverage
this week about this stupid cellulite pill from this perspective of, you know, how I'm supposed to
raise my daughter to enjoy her life. It's not, it has to be perfect. I have to have breasts and
plants. Right. If she gets some kind of. Just tell her. She just tell her if she sees it on
television, it's full of crap automatically. Okay. Just tell her that right up front. There's
perfect idea. Not only that, but the idea that you could take a pill and it's going to like
melt away the cellulite. What kind of idiots are doing is millions of people now are going to go
out there rushing to their drugstore to buy this in their supermarket to buy this crap.
So that the sundown vitamin people can make millions of dollars and lose their stock up or whatever.
It's tried to create. You try to teach intelligence and everything, but none of that matters anymore.
Nothing. That's how you look. Well, if you just stand naked in front of your daughter, I'm sure if
you'd understand that nobody's perfect. Maybe. Okay. Have a great day. Whatever you say. Yeah. Oh,
boy. Now they're not narcissists out there. Are they? You think so? Yeah. See, it's always a good idea
like Dracula. Don't get too close to the mirror. We have an open line of day one in brown. What are you
eating? I bet you had a salad near your eating pasta or something. Oh, that's a lot of. Those are the
onions. Oh, onions. Thank you, job. Not the real super spicy onion. No, these are very mild. Oh,
no. So come over. Oh, Chuckle, your damn right hill come over for me. My good buddy Chuck over to
the sub center on the corner of five three road and four forty one F and eight. Baby. He'll be over here
in the heartbeat. What was now out one? Then a salad too. I might say, you know what I want for lunch? How about
Brendan? What? Let me tell you, when we go upstairs, if somebody steals this picture, then
there then I will not come in. Then I'm going to go home and soak. And maybe it's a very flattering
picture. Maybe you don't really know the look that good. And nobody has audience knows the
Brendan Barmer from where to go to school, whatever said, or maybe they just don't want us to a
share. They don't share. We're going to have a palmeadow hive. Maybe it's a flattering picture. So
who cares? I'll keep it right here close to my heart. Yeah, push back to the mouth.
What's happening out there?
Stay away from me.
Do you understand me?
We have two open lines to date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in mobile one line.
Hey Goldberg from Vegas where you can be sure he's plunging his guts out.
He'll be on it to a clock with his NCAA preview.
Are we all fired up about the NCAA on a show?
No.
How about that print?
You know, Princeton was playing Georgetown last night and I saw a couple of minutes of
that game.
You had a bunch of all white kids playing all spartis.
It was.
They're supposed in the angloes and I'm pretty sure the angloes won.
I mean they were way to hell I had.
Let me take a look.
Let me make sure I don't want to give misinformation out here because we never do that.
Well, a lot.
The station is famous for it.
The Princeton Winnet Game.
Come on.
Somebody call in George real quick.
Tell us who won that game.
Here on your sports station.
Who won that stupid game?
Come on.
Where is it here?
We don't care about the NBA.
Where is the important stuff?
See these newspapers?
The Gators?
Who cares about the frickin' Gators?
College basketball.
Here we go.
Where the hell is it?
Where is it?
Pages and pages and pages.
NCAA.
This high school.
Here you go.
Princeton holds off the hoyes.
54 for it.
55 for 47.
How do you like that?
The angloes.
I just thought I mentioned that in passing.
Here's a mobile and a lot of hill.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
With all these good colors today talking about yesterday's music, you know, I think we
should do.
How about an Abe Lincoln show with Fit Right in?
That's good enough for me, but how about an hour devoted to Jim Mandage?
Yeah.
Were you a fudge packing?
Yeah.
Okay, there you go.
Open line and he's talking about the other colors.
Open line Broward to and Dave.
5670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Maybe that's what he had on his mind, what he just said.
Here's the mobile in North Miami.
By the way, the guy called in yet from the Bernstein thing.
Mobile in North Miami.
Hello?
Mark Recky.
Oi.
Yeah.
There's another good call.
There you go.
There's a loader.
Look, I said you're not fooling anybody.
You got no material.
I'm going to do this every day because that other guy before admitted at the end of the
call now.
He was very agreeable.
I liked him.
He admitted that he could listen just because I scream in bitch and carry on him on
and believe me, the audience gives me ample reason to do it every goddamn day of my
life.
I'm not going to waste my time clipping stuff out and writing notes down on here and talking
about.
Forget it.
Why bother?
I'm just going to come in.
Let's see what you guys got.
Okay.
We all know I got a small one.
Let's see what you got.
With so far today is like a big fat zero.
Yeah.
In fact, no, I take that back in a minus column.
What you got so far?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
We don't even have anybody to do who Hank Meyer was much less Peggy Kass or the poor guy
from Lester's diner.
You know something.
If this was any kind of a town, we would have already had 5,000 calls about Lester's
diner.
You know, the circle they're worried about.
Forget the circle.
So let's not a landmark.
Lester's diner.
That's a freaking landmark.
Then needs to be preserved for positivity.
Don't let that build condos on that corner over there on 84.
That's a freaking landmark.
Lester's diner.
That's the real part of the heritage in history that we can relate to.
Not some circle that a bunch of, you know, barbarians put out there a thousand years ago.
Right?
Well, what's a big deal with that?
A bunch of skeletons in rocks and maybe there's a few Indian head pennies.
There's a few Indian head pennies out there.
All right, let's go check before it's too late.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello?
Hey, no, we brought you, BAM.
Yeah.
I don't really have any.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have an open line at Broward to indeed.
Five said, well, he said he's never a material.
So why push him?
Okay, why put pressure on his guy?
He's got nothing.
Hey, that should be our theme song today.
The whole audience can get together on account of three.
We got plenty of nothing.
Come on, let's hear it.
That's your theme song today.
I'm here to expose this time for what it is.
A vast wasteland.
There is no Miami.
There is no Fort Lauderdale.
There's only a bunch of bedroom towns.
There's Pembroke Pines.
There's Plantation.
There's Homestead.
There's Kendall.
There's Coral Springs.
Coral Gables.
Coral Ridge.
Coral Lists.
Oh, speaking of Coral Ridge, by the way, I heard that one of those big shots up there
takes it up to the back.
What I just heard somebody was telling me about that yesterday.
Oh, wow.
Man.
Talk about playing a fancy organ.
Don't you go back to New York, you'll want that.
In the tradition of the disaster musical comes into Lloyd Webber's Jews in the attic,
the Anne Frank's diary.
You'll leave the theater humming those tachytoons like no more beans.
I'm writing all this down.
Don't flush till an Nazis go home.
I've turned in my parents for a stick of the odorant.
It's Jews in the attic, the Anne Frank's diary.
CD available now.
It's, he said, OK, 1214 and 560.
Well, you are a few on hold.
You heard George with the first half of this story.
Now, what does Crystal think about that?
Oh, that was your wife.
I thought he was talking about somebody else.
So anyway, let's say here about Coral Ridge and those titty bars, OK?
I mean, it's just astonishing.
Let's pray to the big man up there in the sky.
Oh, people who say that.
They just, you know, boo, I thought you had a chance.
You know, maybe it's not just a fat body.
Maybe it's a fat head.
I'm just nauseous when I hear people get on in public and say, all of these things.
Like, you know, because they have to pander, they think everybody wants to hear that.
Most people don't want to hear that.
It's laughable.
Let's say a few prayers to that big man up in the sky here on Rock and Roll Sports Talk.
OK, here's the number one topic today.
He does do that, doesn't he?
Yeah, he's rocking Roll Talk.
I like him on the Marlins, though.
He does good work with the Marlins is a good, and why are you smirking?
I'm serious.
I don't have a problem with boo.
Other than that, he does Rock and Roll Sports Talk with it as that show.
I like boo.
Great with the Marlins.
He the pregame show he does excellent play by play.
That's what he should be doing.
Didn't I say this even when he was under the wing of that obnoxious Christina Moore that
Jack asked that the sports talk show that could use a little bit of work.
OK, now is it just me or that movie I went and saw last night?
Was that really a piece of crap or what?
Come on.
What do you think?
Hey, Corey, who are you going to be screwing tonight?
You getting any?
No.
Here's a mobile, mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time, listener, big fan.
I'm right because of you.
I'm going to Amsterdam on Wednesday.
You're going to be Dr. Bernstein?
It's going to be on.
I'm still on.
And not unless he's there.
Listen, I was wondering, what was your favorite hotel there?
My favorite hotel?
Yeah.
The Barbazon Palace is my favorite hotel.
But of course, it's not for slippers like you.
Well, I mean, if you got a few, it's not a, it's not a, see, people call it, showing
it, why don't go to a place where they're going to get a hotel for 70 rating bucks tonight?
I don't know.
I'm thinking like 150 something like that.
Yeah, that would be about right, I would say.
I'd say.
And if they're booked, what else was your recommend?
What else would I, what would you want?
You want to live with all the hotels in Amsterdam?
Well, just your second favorite also.
The Grand Cresnopolsky, the Swiss hotel, the, there's all kinds of good hotels.
Okay, great.
Thanks so much.
Well, when are you going to be going?
Wednesday.
Oh, you're never, next Wednesday and you haven't made a hotel reservation?
What are you some kind of a gypsy?
I hope not.
Okay, well, have a good time at that youth hospital.
You have a good time there, Chris.
That's all you're going to be seeing.
What kind of travelers do we have in this audience?
I mean, I hate to break the news to you, but I mean, we have a season here that lasts for
about five weeks.
Oh, the hotels are packed.
Then of course, the rest of the year, they're empty.
I hate to break the bad news to you boys and girls, but go into a European city like a major tourist
destination and not making your hotel reservations long in advance.
I mean, the last time when I was just this last day, Kingston Amsterdam, I couldn't stay
at the Bar was on palace.
And I make my reservations months in advance and we're still booked up.
Booked solid.
And that's the way it is, like in a real tourist place where they have like real tourist, you know,
where they have all those chained places for currency.
I know that comes to the shock to you.
You want to get, oh, and let me give you a little piece of advice.
You're in anybody else that's going to like go to Europe or any place else or South America.
Do not.
Do not.
They left the R out of Thomas Cook, okay?
Don't change your currency with Thomas Cook rhymes with Cook.
What do they rip you off?
They give you the worst exchange rates.
The worst.
Now, when you go to like a real city, you don't have to worry about that because like in Rome or Amsterdam,
you go out there in the streets and there are all these chained, you compare the rates.
In fact, if you go to Amsterdam, let me give them a little plug.
There's a place you'll never forget the name because it's called pot.
But that's with two teas.
So, seriously, that's the hint of it.
It's called POT currency exchange.
It's right right at the, almost connected to the Swiss hotel on the dam rack right between the McDonald's and the Swiss hotel.
Best exchange rate in the city.
So, yeah, I'm giving you some information.
What about the guy with Dr. Bernstein?
See, he just being a hard ass.
He is.
In fact, you know something.
Maybe he, I bet you made the whole thing up.
He wouldn't know Dr. Bernstein from Henry Rothblatt.
From the judge with little mustache.
I was thinking about that while I was shaving this morning.
About all these years I've been on the year in this town and the stupidity out of calls.
Professor Henry Rothblatt, one of the great legal scarlers of our time, dead now unfortunately, many years.
Well, written nine, quote, nine books, law books with definitely Bailey.
About to eat, but I'll be right back.
You still have Henry on the show all the time. He was great.
And we go through our first hour and we're talking about crime in this and that and justice and petty.
Her sweater, whatever we're talking about.
And then I give the numbers out because that's why I used to do those interviews.
First, I interviewed the guest.
Second, how we take calls and last two hours, I'd bitch the audience out.
And it worked like a chart, worked like a charm.
First call.
Professor Rothblatt, my name is the, say, civil Cohen.
Do you remember that little judge with a mustache and the Bronx?
They used to work with you all the time.
The little, the little mustache.
And Henry looked at me and I looked at him and we both went.
Oi, like that.
I hear you know something I could write a book.
I really could ease that.
What is that?
Is that like some extra money so we can retire?
Is that our final check or paying you off?
Is that your stub?
Probably my reimbursement check.
Re-enbursement for what?
That dinner we took the next people out to do.
I think I have a, what do they call it?
Absence tooth.
I call my dentist.
I got a great dentist.
I have no doctor but I have a great dentist.
I call this a thing this morning to make an appointment.
But it will be, but it will be, two weeks.
And why is it that when you call a dentist they're always trying to make the teeth cleaning appointment?
That, that like takes priority.
I'll do that.
I'll get around to that.
But this is like, you know, maybe not an emergency, but you know, it's part of this whole thing I got.
In fact, maybe it's what I got.
It's like an abscess tooth or something.
Two weeks from today, I got away before I can go to the God damn dentist.
But that's okay, sweetheart, because I know all the money is in the, in the clean.
That's where all that's what George tells me.
All the money is in the cleaning.
The scam.
The big racket.
And boy, those, those broads that clean your teeth at the dentist, talk about Ava Brown, talk about sadists.
The whole, the whole goal is that, not worrying about your gums.
It's to see how much blood they can get out of your gums.
And they're just gouging and digging and scraping.
And they got that big, even Captain Hook would be embarrassed by the stuff that they're doing with that big thing.
That you're allowed to dentists.
We here like to stick a big thing in your, okay, here's the North Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
Okay, great.
Open line of date.
I'm not sure if that was going anywhere, but he'll never find out.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60.
Automobile one line.
Go back and take a good animal.
Guilty.
By the way, Guilty, it's a dinosaur.
Zubr is okay.
Not Danious.
I don't, I don't want to nitpick with you because I know you pretend you know something about hockey.
It's dinosaur.
I know it looks like Danious, but it's pronounced dinosaur.
It's a Zubr.
Just, you know, get it right.
Here's a Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is he ill?
Yes.
I just want to talk to you about your friend Neeter Meyer.
I had to prove it to me not about a year ago.
Okay, and maybe we'll do something with you.
Okay, we have an open line of date one and brown.
And 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60 on the mobile one line.
That's all right.
When lunch gets here, I'm playing Elvis the rest of the day.
Okay, you want music?
I got music.
Everybody likes Elvis, right?
Oh, yeah.
Low preview.
All Elvis.
All freaking day.
Come on, Elvis.
I want to smile at you.
You're my dear British rise and day.
Okay, let's do a mobile and candle.
Hello.
No, yes sir.
Isn't that something, I mean, like Elvis pressing.
Elvis pressing couldn't take the, look Steve Tyler's rectum.
Yeah, but he had nice hips.
Did he?
I guess.
I'm okay.
You don't look too good anymore.
Anyway, I'm kind of, a couple of things.
First of all, thank you for, we're amazing the farewell to God book.
I just had a picture of Elvis's penis on the internet.
Oh my God.
Well, I'm sure.
Anyway, I am.
What do you think the world would be going nuts?
I appreciate the recommendation on the farewell to God book.
I just finished it a couple of days ago.
Right.
I thought it was a fantastic book.
Have you said goodbye to God?
Well, I did years ago because it was just kind of, I don't know, it just was like an entertainment kind of read for me.
You know, I mean, it just kind of reinforced ideas I already had before.
It was just common sense.
Right.
Anybody with a brain would understand that a man has invented all this nonsense.
And I've got a lot of religion, not a lot, but I got a couple of things.
And by the way, I was reading the doggy Bible the other day and it says the dogs all go to have it a man.
He just rots in the ground.
Yeah, well, you know how it is.
Anyway, that's not the main reason I called.
It's kind of a music thing, but not really, you know, I would be like, pal, if you want music, you got music.
I mean, I'm not going to be picky today.
These people are dead.
I'm not going to be picky.
It's just interesting about the, you know, how I do agree with you on a lot of the bands that you mentioned.
We do like similar stuff, but you, you had mentioned something the other day when I was trying to be an ojon for Bacatour about the, you know, the drummer for arrows.
Right.
What kind of things?
Right. Which he didn't know either.
Yeah. And so here's if it's jewelry rentals.
Right. You know, it doesn't matter.
But the thing is that, you know, I relate it to the fact that in addition to which what did I ever say was an expert on arrowsmith because I like to.
That would be like my saying an expert on fish food.
Okay. Okay. What are all the ingredients?
I don't know what all the ingredients are.
There's sugar in there. That's about it.
I don't know what the, you know, milk sugar and that's all I know.
But I mean, I relate my love of music since I've been in the music business, I've worked in studios, I've been in bands, I've been playing guitar and stuff for years and years.
I kind of relate it to the same way that you love hockey and you're passionate for hockey.
That's fine. I've been obsessed with it being a student of it.
I've never claimed to be that with music. I'm not interested in any of that.
That's my main thing. Well, I listen to different pieces of music by bands or whatever or composers and classical music.
I've got this terrible tendency of picking everything apart.
I like people who say to me, I like that song. It's so commercial.
In other words, if it's popular, I'm not supposed to like it. You know, either I like it or I don't like it.
Not because somebody else likes it because I like the way it sounds. That's all. I make my own judgment.
That's why people can't do because they're weaklings.
That's right. And I always see these people who just kind of go along with the trends, you know, just because they're friends like it and stuff.
You know, you'll ask somebody why they like it and they go, I don't know, a friend of mine likes it kind of thing.
That kind of drives me nuts a little bit too.
But you know, I just wanted to call and just let you know that you're absolutely right. Everybody's got their own taste.
Everybody's trying to verify their place and life by trying to convince everybody else of their taste and stuff.
And it doesn't make any difference.
We can have 600 people in a row call in here and tell me I've crappy taste and music and I couldn't care less. I don't care. I'm not interested.
And in closing meal, I wish you would write a book because I'd be the first in line to buy it.
And maybe you could smash a little tiny picture in the cover of a Geldies BBs in there.
Okay. Thank you.
Have a great day.
If he had any, we have an open line in day five. So yeah, I think I got an exas tooth.
You know, I think I could write this one right here.
I really just want to use that. I have a gold crown over here.
Huh? I really do.
And I'm going to sit around and wait two weeks to find that out.
See, I should have told her because she said, well, you know, I feel it was like something really desperate.
I could get you in there. You should always say it's an emergency.
You should lie a lot. I mean, it's not an emergency exactly, but it's close.
And if it's maybe something in my teeth that's causing all of this stuff, then that would be great.
Because certainly I've been to the community's leading doctors over the last several weeks and they can't figure out how much healthy is a horse they tell me.
I'm doing great. Yes, I've been to some of the most leading a mental, I mean physical institution in this town.
I've been to patch Adams you.
I've been to Cleveland Clinic where they have those good ads on the Panther games.
See, if I were hockey, you know, I was thinking that to myself yesterday. Who that was watching on TV?
Some very real, oh, it's Steinbrenner was talking about Georg Torian as prostate cancer.
And I was thinking to myself, if I were George Steinbrenner,
and I had the same, you know, the rash on the neck and the sword jaw and the headaches and all these are kind of like vague symptoms I've had for like the last two or three months.
Would I still have them now do you think? No, because they would, you know, the team of, and I got a few bucks, I'm not afraid to spend some money if that's what it takes.
But like, though people that are important like that, which I'm not important, but people are like very important with mega money.
They wouldn't suffer like for three days with this.
Do you follow what I'm saying? He'd have every guy damn specialist. They'd have like every test that's ever been invented and in a week they do whatever was the problem they'd strain his ass out.
But I get, oh, wait another six or seven weeks, okay? Mark, how could you come on the air?
It would be bad enough if you said that to me in private. I would still laugh, you know, or cry or both.
But to come on the air and say, why don't you wait another six or seven weeks and see if you're still alive?
A planet where eight people are from men.
I really, really want to go apologize for Monica.
I smoke marijuana and shot a load on Monica.
Monica is a woman who was an intern in the White House.
Instead of taking mevos, she took off her white blouse.
I guess you could say I'm the talk of the nation.
Not a real good time for a family vacation.
Let me just say thanks for my higher approval writing.
I'm a good enough American. Don't mind it for marital dating.
I really, really want to go apologize for Monica.
I drink in and tonnago and then set up for Monica.
Hillary is angry. I really thought I lost her.
But I said if she'd stay with me, I'd shut up about this foster.
As for daughter Chelsea, I know why she's mad.
She's a college sophomore but gets fewer days than dad.
You know what good is stated and is gay this big old mess.
Monica is more careful about that residue on her dress.
I really, really want to go apologize for Monica.
She blew my heart, Monica, and I blew my nut on Monica.
I really, really want to go apologize for Monica.
She blew my heart, Monica, and I blew my nut on Monica.
I was in Ecuador.
Kwatt Limba And nagesteps.
Kansaana Dup tacah.
We're lucky we can get through a whole week here. Forget about going there.
Hey, if they can't get us on the air that they say, let me say it again. We don't have a PD. See in this business they call the program director. It's PD. We have a pp paper pusher.
Oh, yeah. Well, I'm going to get those morning guys straight now. They're not going to keep back in at last to eight minutes spot break up against your show and I know.
Yeah, that worked for what about a week.
See, the problem is when a man is totally impotent when he's been deballed and declawed by the general manager and everybody knows that he walks him out with no clout no authority and is a neurotic about it.
I mean, what's the point? Good guy. Just impotent useless.
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. We need Steve Nichol. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm going to Amsterdam on June 28th. I want to know about from shipple airport into the city. Skipple airport. Skipple.
Thank you. That's why I called you because you're sir. Let me tell you this. Don't take a cab. It'll cost you about with a typical cost you like 75 builders, which is 37 and a half bucks for six and a half gilders. That's $3.25.
You when you're inside when you get it through the customs, you know, you'll ask somebody because you haven't been there before I guess, right?
1973. Okay. Well, you wouldn't recognize it. You ask them where the train station is right inside the airport. There's a big train station area and you go and you buy your ticket. Tell me want to ticket to central station.
Okay. I remember that. And the trains leave like about every 50 years. I mean right on the dot daily and it's like $3.25 and 6.5 gilders. And you'll get on a train and you'll be right. It takes you right to central station. It takes about 12 minutes.
So it's a lot cheaper. It takes half of the time of the cab. And it's the only way to go to the main part of town. And then no matter where you're going, you'll be right there right there where we're staying in a place called the Prince and Grat Hotel.
But there's near Prince and Grat I guess. Well, that must be near that's is that the street or hotel? It's a hotel. The Prince and it's called the hotel Prince and Grat. And I guess Prince and Grat is one of the rivers, one of the canal.
Yeah, I think that's right near the buff is on. So it's perfect. It's right near central station. You walk right across the street. I believe.
But you're right. All the hotels are booking up right now. Right on the money. That's right. I'll have a great time pal. Thank you sir. Okay. Stay out of trouble. Stay out of that red light district, baby. Thank you Chuck. There's a great American can stop it over here all again with another order for me with my lunch. It's a good lunch. It's a perfect adkins lunch. You know, Dr. Bernstein adkins have basically the same diet. I wonder if Dr. Bernstein, you know.
Did that guy call you? You don't think he's ever going to call. Is that what you said? No. Why? Because he's one of the people in this town that automatically should tell you right off the bat. He's a pussy.
He's a walking, talking, living, breathing pussy. No balls. He's like the guilty of the calling audience. Well, how would he talk to you? But he won't talk to me. Even though we talked to me before.
I was very nice to him. I remember the call. They wanted to talk to you off the air. Why? He didn't want to go on the air. Why?
Pussy. Pussy. Open line indeed. One in brow. Maybe that's why why I'm just talking about five six seven oh five sixty. You should have been talking to you then and pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Not me.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. This could be big. You know, what is that? Begging for calls. Have no arm copyright to title before somebody else rips it off. Yeah. This could be very successful.
You know what all this president's last words were. Don't show. Okay, we have an open line in the day to a brow or five six seven oh five sixty. Yeah. And pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Your bad pal. Your bad. You're weak. You're boring. You're boring. You're the reason people are bailing on all of this town by the thousands. Okay. This is why all the people are getting on planes and trains and going like all these people are going to Amsterdam. They're going anywhere they can to go out of this place because of you. Sir, because of all the people like you. You're boring. Your terminal. Your ponderous. You're old. You're stale. You're
like last year's hall of a man. They're like hummentation from the year 2000. V.C. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the gimbal. Hello. Yes, sir. Better get. I wouldn't wait two weeks for that. To because I read an article yesterday. That said that they have linked the dumb disease to blood clot, which causes heart attack. Yeah. So find a new dentist and get it taken.
No, I'm going to call her back to staff noon until it's an emergency and I want to go in here like Monday. Exactly. Right. All right. If not sooner. Okay. Thanks a lot of time. Now I'm going to add in this bull crap. But what? Well, I like with my dermatologist. You know.
See, I listen to the receptionist and I was used to make me wait two weeks. Then I talked to my buddy Stanley over there. Come on over right now. You know, that's the way you got to do it. I better talk to my buddy Gary the dentist.
Some I had a little bit of a problem there. I need to get over there immediately. Not sooner. Not that I'll allow these pints for these go in between people. You know.
Well, he's really let me take a look here at the computer and you know. Why are you airing like this?
Why don't you practice that to free throw line?
You can help me try to help me get along with my mind.
Help me try to help me try to help me try to help me try to help me.
And you have to get so hard without my mind. Now you got to free. Why switch the baby? How can we be a man?
Wash away the purple dye. Get a hair cut in the thing on the fence.
Well, right now you just don't know how to jump and you can triple help me if you try. You got to help me try to help me feel along with my mind.
Help me try to help me try to help me try to help me.
I'm a BNB and shoot along with my mind.
Fresh cheeseburgers I ever had my life satellite hamburgers Eastlant, Michigan.
Just just came through my mind during that while I'm eating my lunch here. Great lunch again. Thank you.
Chuck over to the sub center. My what do we call this again?
combo chef salad combo chef salad with all the great. I mean really great spicy cool cuts and delicious onions.
Not quite so hot as those other onions. Thank you.
And the veggies are fresh too, especially the tomatoes. Oh good tomato.
Which would be good for my prostate if I make it that long. If only Joe Tory would be you know I don't understand that.
Don't they say that all these are cooked tomato so this is the big deal now great again to guard against prostate cancer.
Tomato paste tomato sauce pizza sauce. Huh would you think Joe Tory a good Italian boy? If you would have just eaten more of mama's pasta Joe.
Later on that sauce. Or maybe they're just full of crap in their line to us as they usually do like with that low fat skin.
And now they're saying oh guess what we were wrong. Just like with the fiber. We were wrong.
But we kept your regular. Here's a pay phone in Miami. Hello. Neil yes sir.
Yeah, how you doing? Great. And I'd like to say a few things about music.
I'd like to chime in and fast and tonight.
I'd like to say that we're probably the hottest babe in the music industry. No doubt.
All right. And secondly I wanted to tell you I'm in an original rock band down here in Miami. We're called Beyond Salvation.
Yes sir. And you know we can't go name for this down too by the way.
Yeah perfect. I wanted to tell you we can't arrange. We're in the vein of you know the wall flowers are Jacob Dylan.
But don't say yes. Sure.
You know some words that we rock out a little more but some words that anyway we get hurrying by these Christian groups.
You know they call us or email us. We've messages for us about our name. They judge us before they take the time to even find out what about what about our name.
You know they call us and they go nobody's beyond salvation.
Oh that's not horrible. That's like the tenth of a devil raised all over again.
Jesus. It's amazing. It's just a freaking name already. I know. I know. It's like you feel like Dylan but I don't even pay attention.
Anyway I want to have a vision of glam. I want to ask you something. Maybe maybe they can send you a CD of ours and maybe you can check it out.
I'll do it. You might like it. Can I get your address or something?
Sure. I'm gonna give you a hang on. Hey thanks. Good luck.
Okay. There's your guys looking for a little. Hey why not? Look how famous we made the Enrique Glacier.
We have an open line indeed five five six seven oh five sixty. But yeah I think it's my am I doing this is psychosomatic now.
I think under my gold crown or something rotting under there. You know like what's left of that to.
I think I got like a real bad abscess or not sound good though. Hey it's a better diagnosis than I got from Dr. feel good.
Here's Miami. Hello.
I know. I got just bigger for them. Me at the same time. Okay. How are you?
Great. I'm eating too. Oh look at that. I second the emotion of the other guy I said to write a book.
I would definitely be if he's number one I'll be number two. Okay.
And a good way. Good way to get your book because I'm serious. I'm sure you have a lot to tell.
Oh do I? But you know all the booksters are put in the fiction department because nobody would believe any of it.
I'm serious. Yeah. People really think that I make this stuff up and I'm not.
When you work for these bastards in this time you have to exaggerate.
I just wish it was when I was younger I would have been I don't know.
I've been able to listen to you because I didn't listen to you till I was like maybe 18, 19, 19, I was going to college.
Right. But I've been here all my life since she's shoot.
Sorry. Since I had about 66 something like that.
And I would love to hurt you at KAT and announcing the ball getting stuff like that.
Because you got me here. You're very articulate and I would love to have you know heard it.
But I was I was no sunny. I was really good. I'm sorry.
One thing I'd like to say I worked the midnight shift so I never catch any traffic. I'm basically a vampire.
And I am forced and I do have to take care of some business through the day sometimes.
The traffic in this place I can understand why people shoot other people here and the road rage has gotten out.
This place is ridiculous. Yeah.
There is nothing. I was not anybody yet. I do a lot of screaming and swearing. I'll tell you that.
I found myself. Everything. I'm a call on your thing. I'm a calm guy.
But I went to banging my other steering wheel and pissed off. I wanted to get out of the car and beat this other guy.
It's ridiculous and I can understand why we have such a bad problem.
But old people illegal aliens beat.
Oh, and I love those those the tanks that are that are roasted almost about to fall apart with.
Right. Right. And then they hate you and guess what? No insurance.
There you go. And no drivers license.
And you got nothing that and there's nothing you can do.
And they have a board and no visa. No master card. Right.
No, you're the greatest. Good luck to you, pal. Right. See you.
Yeah. And that's good when you work late and I want I used to work eight to midnight all those years.
Get off the midnight. No traffic. It's clear sailing, baby.
We have to. I think I'm talking myself into an abscess to open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's Carl spring. So long.
Good afternoon. First I got a little music story and then get the dentistry.
But only because you mentioned the glacis again except the sun.
I was with the background and music a lot of times I get asked to help people in the studio.
I'm listening to these girls pre-production tapes.
And I'm going this way too much reverb on your vocal track.
And she goes to me, well, who will you go and glacis uses it all the time?
Yeah. And I go, yeah, right. That's because the guy can't sing.
Right. Anyway, back to dad and I thought I thought I thought of humorous but back to dentistry is dentistry in my opinion.
Want to know who's your opinion? The new scan medical profession of the 90s.
These like every other dentist I go to I've moved a couple of times in the past three is working in radio also.
And it's like every other dentist wants to do work that I know I don't need.
One dentist even went ahead and did some extra work after I was under the gas.
Right. I had to go to the I was living in Las Vegas actually.
I had to go to the Nevada Dental Association one of the group is.
And I was only one of ten people who I've complained about the guy.
So what's your opinion?
There are a lot of dentists who like doing some drilling after they give it the gas.
On full level of women, yeah. Maybe you were his type.
You never know when you wake up.
But no, I had a guy last year telling me that I needed I one for a crown he told me I needed a root canal.
See, my problem is not dentists and doctors that do too much.
My problem is doctors and dentists that don't want to do anything. That's the problem.
I don't even wish they wanted to do too much. I wish they gave me the courtesy of that much time and attention that they wanted to do too much as opposed to just a look at a smear.
What I call this morning, which I haven't been I'll admit it. I haven't been to the dentist in two years.
Everybody hates the dentist. I usually go every year. I haven't been in two years.
You got to go more than that.
I know.
Everyone's much just for claiming.
Right. Exactly.
And by the way, claiming is now a broken up into two sections.
If you just go and get treated.
The cleaning thing is the scam, my friend. That's where the big scam is because that's where they make all the big bucks.
Well, if you are the dental plant and you get two free cleanings a year, that is all of a sudden only the tooth surface.
If you're supposed to clean around the gum area, that's another 60 bucks on top of the regular clean.
Yeah. Now what if they just do the lips?
When did that start? What if they just do the lips?
Yeah.
That's a hundred bucks.
There you go.
They just wipe it off. They just pat it down a little bit.
Well, good luck with your tooth.
Thanks. Bye.
Yeah.
Yeah, let's move from the medical thing is I've had no luck with that to the dental thing.
Huh?
And the more I talk about it, it's definitely psychosomatic.
The more I start getting like an aching and you're like right in that area.
I know what I was talking about, which I didn't have any aching.
I just had like a little a raw gum.
Anybody want to choose some raw gum?
We have an open line of day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line is the search for medical care in soft loader continues.
Can we find any?
No.
No.
But it's fun talking about it.
So I put you in the box.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, but they find it in these new herbal things that's going to get rid of the cellulite.
Right, exactly.
They think if I just took some more St. John's warts.
Oh my god.
I know. I got something for that.
You listen to that?
I'm listening.
Okay.
So you lead and cellulite, which one is wrong or right?
Don't pay attention to Italian tail.
Just stop eating.
Are you big fat?
Well, because it ain't going to work.
No, it ain't going to work.
Oi.
It ain't going to work.
No, it ain't going to work.
All right.
Cellulite.
Cellulite.
When you make love, just turn out the line.
Oh my god.
Beautiful.
You got it.
All right.
All right.
That was lovely.
Give that about a 92 on a scale of six.
Open line and date one and powered.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
0 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Any interest in that big end that I panties at Washington?
No.
Okay.
What we're going to have it for you with you.
Like it or not pregame 6 30 game time seven o'clock.
The big big big one that I right there in the what are they called?
I placed the MCI center, which they built right in the middle of downtown in DC, which nobody wants to go there because it's real dangerous and a lot of crime and they don't drop flies.
Nice call and carry Batman.
You're a genius, baby.
Bad ice over all over the league.
You can't see the gold lights and new arenas like ours.
Nice call and carry a Batman.
Go back to Cornell.
You little twerk.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
I have to amend other than all my ailments.
I'm doing great.
That's good.
I don't have a whole lot to contribute.
I got like five minutes before I'm going upstairs.
I get two clowns from New Jersey and with me there that just moved down here to work with me.
I'm dying to let them hear the bagpipes or Buffalo Bill.
Could you do one for me before we go up?
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Okay.
Bye.
Tim.
Now which one do you think we are applying?
Hi, big boys, is that you're up?
At the age, we can have a very extra special friend start to buy.
I show it all about something special.
Oh, I can't remember the door right now.
Come on, I don't look like me.
Are you ready?
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Ooh, I wonder where it is.
It looks like a...
I'll cut the bush with a cut tie.
It's me bag boy.
What's your pay?
Hey.
Ooh, what can I cut you?
Sure, go ahead.
Ooh, run your hands.
Hey, sir.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
What's this right here?
That is my ball pipe.
What do you do with a ball pipe?
You blow it, lad.
You blow it.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Oh, okay, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, laddy?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on laddy.
You got to put your mouth around it, lad.
Don't be afraid, it's not going to break.
Oh, it might, might this?
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it all the way down your throat.
You get bigger.
Hey, you mean you do it right?
What's the fuss over here?
That's me chanter.
What do we do with her?
What you do with that laddy is you put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft.
Real quick.
Ooh, what?
Hey.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do laddy is you want to blow on the pipe.
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Okay.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Good laddy.
Hey, that's good lad.
Sure.
Hey, good laddy.
Keep moving.
Move harder laddy.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze more.
Hey, run your hands up and down the shaft.
Quick faster.
Run your hands up and down faster.
Squeeze more.
Oh, oh, oh.
You're going to play with that one.
Oh, oh, oh.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
You're not again.
After the kids for me, but they're serious.
Don't ever forget boys and girls, the Scottish invented golf.
Okay.
There you go.
What's the difference between golf and croquet?
I don't see very much.
I like Ted Williams used to say, see, I like to imagine,
Ted Williams is a little bit smarter.
He said, I don't play golf because when I hit the ball,
I want somebody else to go chase it.
Nice going, Ted.
Go shoot some more pigeons.
Finway park.
Good point.
Golf.
And by the way, our morning show at the Honda Classic all
is another golf tournament.
Oh, brother.
I was just thinking while I was playing that, they back up the spot,
the last spot break right at the top of the hour.
So we get eight minutes of commercials before the show starts.
We're following the eight minutes of dead air,
which is basically the same as their show anyway.
But I'm just trying to think of what could be so compelling
that they're talking about out there with a golf tournament.
You know what I'm talking about?
They have to like, can't eat them interrupted like for commercials?
Sports.
No, we're not talking about sports.
We're talking golf.
1256 at 560.
You mean to say there's somebody out there going to tell me that golf is a sport?
Please give me a break.
Like I said, like croquet.
Hey, it's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Tonight on the Arts and Entertainment Network,
it's the true inside story of the lives of those who shape our world
with A&E's autobiography.
Autobiography lets the history makers tell their story themselves
from their own point of view, like Saddam Hussein.
I have never met a man who dislikes me Saddam.
I am what you call a post-icant.
And I am not making the chemical weapons.
It's a...
It's a...
It's a concern.
A&E's autobiography is your chance to hear a somewhat believable version of the facts
from the people who don't want anyone to know what really happened.
Like O.J. Simpson.
I didn't do nothing. That's it.
And the start.
Oh, man.
That's very good, Mr. Simpson, but we need to fill another 57 minutes.
Oh.
I didn't do nothing, man.
A&E's autobiography.
Every weeknight historic figures tell it like it really was.
At least as far as they can remember, like Bill Quinton.
Mostly I'm terrified that my legacy will be simply...
He nailed the fact shit.
And that's why I want everyone to remember.
I nailed Miss America.
In a limbo, Miss America, it's every boys dream.
It was my finest hour.
Some would call it an overstatement.
Others might call it deceit.
It's their story and their sticking to it.
Tonight on A&E's autobiography.
So anyway.
Outrageous.
Two minutes after one at 560 WQM, we have two open lines.
And today we got an hour to kill here.
We're going long singing the song here.
Got my teeth are rotting out.
Have a nice lunch from Chuck's.
These are all things you can write in your memoirs.
I won't have time to write mine.
I'm dying because I can't find a doctor who really cares.
How about Dr. Hallmark?
A doctor that cares enough to say his very best.
As opposed to a doctor with a red rubber nose.
Remember that song by the circle?
Red rubber nose.
Here's a halendale.
Hello.
Halendale.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a dentist in Halendale and I care.
Hi.
Yes.
First time caller.
What's the problem?
What's the problem?
What's the problem?
I don't know.
We don't have time on the air to go into all these associated
sort of things.
I've been suffering for weeks and weeks.
If your dentist wants to see you today,
here's somebody that will.
Really?
Anytime.
Are you serious for you?
Anytime.
Wow.
Anytime.
Right.
Come on over.
Okay, give me a Georgia stuff.
Okay.
I will do that.
I'm going to do it.
Thank you.
Hang on.
Great.
I'll go to Halendale.
What line is he on?
Take out.
I'll go to a real guy that's going to get me right in.
In Halendale.
Oh.
I hope he don't know Sonny Rosenberg.
Ask him if he knows Sonny Rosenberg.
I don't want to be sitting there with a drill on a whole song of dance
with Sonny Rosenberg.
Oh.
Oh, boy.
They've been waiting years for this.
Give me a chair with a drill.
Two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Is that me?
Yes, sounds like you.
I know.
You're the greatest in Georgia.
That's just good when you're on vacation.
There you go.
Okay.
What's not to like?
What's not to like?
Really.
Two things.
One is, I know Gary why.
And, uh, if you know, I'm thinking of that.
There is a name starts with an M, right?
I know what her name is.
I don't want to know.
Well, anyway, my wife works for death as not, or not far from Dr. Wiseau.
Uh-huh.
All I'm having.
Yeah.
And, um, this guy is great.
And I'm sure I can get you in there anytime you want.
It's strange that I should be following this dentist to this close.
Right.
Anyway.
I can't find a doctor, but I got a russia dentist who want to get me in this afternoon.
Which is going to be bad because I got no toothbrush here.
And I'm eating lunch right now.
And I get a, there's nothing worse than going to a dentist after you had a meal and then brush your teeth.
All right.
Feel like a slob.
You'd like, you'd like my wife's dentist.
Yeah.
Well, what's wrong with Gary why?
What's wrong with him?
Yeah.
Can't get you in for two weeks.
Yeah.
That's because I didn't lie to her until I wasn't an emergency.
I should have said it's an emergency, dammit.
I could probably, I could call my wife right now and get you in like a car.
It's a car with a Saturday.
Yeah.
But anyway, I'll talk to you.
I'll talk to you about the information.
Okay, hang on.
Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Yeah.
One other thing.
Yes.
I'm looking for somebody you used to work with a friend of mine named Mike Lyons.
It's beta four.
Oh, a long time ago, yeah.
Right, right.
Well, he was my sponsor in AA.
I'm a recovering alcoholic.
And I can't find him.
He was fired from there three years ago.
Yeah, fired from where?
Beta four.
Oh, he was there that long?
Yeah, they said he was 47.
They said, well, you know, your two old, your voice doesn't sound like rocker hole anyway.
And they fired him on a Friday that don't come in Monday.
He disappears and I can't find him.
Do you have any idea how I'm going to go about where he is?
You know, no.
Okay.
All right.
Anyway, let me give you the information George about the dentist.
Okay, thanks.
All right, buddy.
Okay.
Now there's a bottle of booze coming with that too.
Just a joke.
It's just a bad joke.
It was in port taste.
Yeah, now I'm feeling really sick after all this dentist talk and doctor talk and my throat
is all strained.
I feel like I'm dying over here.
Well, he hung up.
He hung up.
Why do you hang up?
I put him on hold.
You put on hold.
And he hung up.
Oh.
Oh, he heard that.
Come on.
Oh, here is another one that's got enough sense of humor.
Well, okay, too bad.
Besides, are you going to go to a dentist that's
a alcoholic recommend?
See, that was bad.
That was in port taste.
But at the good point, isn't it?
See, I have to choose between that or in that again, I think about the guy in a halendale,
which I'm sure is a good guy, but there's always a funny Rosenberg and RJ Intendola and
the outhouse gang to consider.
Two open lines in date County 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, buddy.
I'm ex-military dental assistant.
Oh.
If I can give you two cents and you know, if you want to know if you have an abscess, what
you do is you get a non-sharpened pencil.
Yeah.
And you tap on the tooth in the direction of the root.
And if you have percussion sensitivity, you feel like pain when you tap very lightly or
maybe let George do that for you.
You tap on your what or your tooth.
Tap on the top of the tooth.
I don't have a pencil.
I don't have a pencil.
Do we have a pencil there, George?
Non-sharpened pencil.
Yeah.
Why does it have to be non-sharpened?
Well, the flat end, you used to tap on the tooth.
You're not going to tap on with your with the poignant or the rubber end.
Yeah.
Oh, I've got a non-sharpened pencil.
Okay.
And what do I do with it?
Well, how do I know what's happening?
Tap on it.
Well, wait a minute.
What if it's a tooth that's got a gold crown on it?
Well, it'll still, it's the same concept.
If you have an abscess, it'll be a pain when you tap on it.
It'll what?
If you have an abscess, you'll feel pain when you tap on it.
How is that?
Yeah, I recognize that's on.
They all feel pain when I tap on it.
Well, then you better go see...
I'm curious.
They all hurt.
Well, I don't know what to tell you.
I'm sure now I'm really nervous.
All right.
Well, I'm glad I'm agent of this.
Yeah, thank you.
Let me just give you a quick word to acknowledge thing.
I just recently learned the word hysterical comes from the same root word as like hysterectomy
because the root word for female.
So when someone's hysterical, they're acting like the C word.
So...
Rectum.
Okay.
Thank you for the good news.
See you later.
Next time.
We have an open line of day, 5 6 7 0 5 6 6 8 boy.
So this is turned into dental talk and I'm tapping away and I go in crown.
But then I thought, well, just to see you know the comparison, what it feels like with
the other teeth.
So I'm tapping on the other one.
I may be not.
Now that one doesn't hurt either.
Maybe it's just in the gums.
I think it's like in the gum.
I was telling you before.
Maybe it's like bone cancer, you know, like in the jaw.
Something really good and exciting.
Something that my doctor could never diagnose with his rubber nose.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60, you know?
Now this is, it's really like an adventure.
It's an ongoing saga.
That just dragging on and on and on and there, you know.
And of course, the guy at the Cleveland Clinic, he's he's too important for me.
He's worried about the Pawvell knee and it's you know, all this, he's worried about
important guys.
Not me.
I'm a small potatoes.
I'm dying out of here.
The risk of colon cancer increases in men over 40.
Hi, I'm General Colin Bowell for the Colin Cancer Home Testing Kit.
It's really quite easy to use.
You simply assume the squatting position and insert the ergonomically designed lubricated
cylinder.
Now, if it comes out brown, then you're okay.
I highly recommend this kit, especially since it was named after me.
To get your Colin Cancer Home Testing Kit, have your credit card ready and call 1-800-FOOT.
Okay, 114 is 560, WQM is an open line in date, 567-0560, pound 560 is tooth talk today,
maybe?
Yeah, we're talking at just...
All kinds of good stuff today.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir?
The other day I was going to lunch and I'm listening to you during lunch all the time.
I'm not sure.
I go to get something to eat.
I come back out and I turn the radio on.
There's a Marlin's pregame on.
What is up with that?
Marlin's exhibition is the most embarrassing thing you ever heard.
God, it almost made me sick to my stomach.
Are they in business to make money at that registration?
No.
No, we're not.
We're here to boost Greg bringing the agreed ego.
That is the only reason we're here.
He wants to be the sports maven.
He wants all the professional sports.
He wants the hero who in sports.
We'll have the FIU sports.
We'll have the soccer game.
Maybe we can get a manager game on before they go out of business.
Don't forget FIU.
We'll get that stuff on here.
I mean, this man is out of his freaking mind and he's made all the entire radio station
now being held financial hostage by Wayne Hypinga.
Thanks to Greg Reed and Dean Abozzo.
Well, you already know that, right?
Yes.
I was watching a stage show.
There's a guy selling urine samples over the internet.
Do you hear about that?
No.
Oh, right.
I guess for people who their company's tested for your drugs.
I thought that was pretty interesting.
They had some other senator on it.
It was a disgrace.
Why is it a disgrace if you can buy a college exam?
Exactly.
You can buy a report.
Right.
That's right.
So why not buy some, and what about if they're doing that stool sample thing?
Buy somebody else's stool.
I'll stay away from that.
No, me too.
Hey, you get the best show around.
And have a great day.
You too.
I bless you.
Remember that.
I'm not making this up.
That thing that Channel 4 did a few years ago.
How long ago was that?
It's quite a few years ago.
Thank God.
But they were doing that colorectal home testing kit.
Remember that?
And all you had to do was call up your good friends at Channel 4, which by the way is the old Channel 4, which is now Channel 6.
We don't want to blame anybody that shouldn't be blamed.
And they sent you the kit.
You called them up.
They sent you the kit.
And then you had to like, you know, a little bit.
And put it in the envelope.
They included the envelope.
They just said it was already addressed to make sure that the go to the right place.
The only problem was that the male men were swooning.
I remember that.
That was the exact word on the front page of the hero.
Male carriers were swooning because many of the envelopes were not sealed properly.
Man.
I know that some of you letter carriers out there have to put up with a lot of crap.
But that domain you want to smell it.
Yeah, send some of the mail to Channel 4.
How their Channel 6.
Tony Cigarette will get a good life on it.
Just send them some of the bags.
That's a true story, by the way.
Colorectal test kits.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, a couple of things on the, you touched an herb one, when you said down.
Would that be what do you mean?
When you felt bad not having your toothbrush, if you're going to go right after work today.
Right.
Well, that's, let me put this, it's relative because that's the one day you don't have to brush your teeth.
You pay your dental insurance.
You go there for a cleaning and check up.
Yeah.
What would you pay them for?
That would be a good point.
Go eat a bunch of Oreos, do whatever you go in there.
Why?
That's the thing.
Why waste that tenth of a cent of toothpaste?
Absolutely.
And the other thing, a little known fact, the inventor of tooth health.
I believe it's from the Carol Linus because if he had more than one tooth, he'd call the teeth face.
Thanks, Uncle Neil.
Okay.
Oh, man.
Was he full of crap?
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, and the guy's name was Crapper that invented the toilet.
I always thought that was a joke.
When Archie Bunker used to talk about going to the crapper, the, uh, crapper.
Guy's name was Crapper.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Point of information, and I called her a little while ago.
I was looking for Mike Lyon, someone he used to work with.
Yeah.
He was now the chief meteorologist on the ABC affiliate up here in Palm Beach.
Oh, my gosh.
Channel 25 WPBFM or whatever it's called.
So that's where Mike Lyon's is.
Great.
That's probably not listening anymore.
I think you got bent out of ship because there's some of them out there.
A bottle with their via something and a quick two story.
Good way to dead than that dental pain though.
Better no vacay in a lot cheaper.
Five years ago, I had pain in the tooth.
I went to my dentist. He sent me to a specialist.
He told me I needed a root canal, $750.
Right.
I said, FU.
And three days later, it was fun.
I've never had a problem since.
How do you like that?
Say, myself, 700.
Like the guy said before, creative dentistry.
That's it.
Huh.
Take care.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
Maybe I just got like a little.
I'm having the irritation that seems spot eight million times.
You know, I'm just getting paranoid and psychotic because of all these different things that are going on right now.
Because I can't find a doctor that knows his ass from your elbow.
With all the respect, Dr. Mark, you really leave me cold, baby.
You've left me out in the lurch.
You were that Cleveland clinic guy.
Oh, it might do this and it might do that.
It might say your blood sugar is soaring up in your body will adjust and maybe it won't.
And then that's it.
That's the end.
The end.
Next.
That's the medical profession for you, baby.
Next.
Two open lines in brodered.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T world.
Line two weight sixes seven years.
It'll go away.
It's all wrong with you.
You have a connoisseur.
What?
Here's a lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Diane.
Listen.
I have found best dentists in the world.
Yes.
Okay.
They're on biscuit boulevard.
And you know what?
I was just diagnosed also with an amstus.
Did you have root canal by any chance?
I've never had a root canal.
You didn't.
Okay.
Then see, because I don't have any pain.
But it was still diagnosed.
My pain is in my gum.
It's in your gum.
Uh-huh.
Like a way over on the end, the way on the bottom, you know.
The way that.
Where my wisdom teeth used to be, I had them all taken out.
I was like, where are I?
I'm going.
I'm going to go and your tongue keeps going over there
and irritating it.
You know, it's probably nothing.
Yeah, it's probably gum irritation.
Yeah, irritated from what?
Oh, it's just, I don't know.
It's probably.
I know what I had.
I had um, scaling.
I got to have the answer today.
What is it?
Scaling and root plaining.
Scaling and root plaining.
Sounds like something you do to a fish.
I know, but it really, I'm going to tell you these dentists.
I used to be terrified.
Yeah.
I go there.
No, I have, I have a very good dentist.
I just can't get in the scene when I'm desperate.
And I'm on death story.
That's all because his secretary, you know, why, if you're not bleeding to death
or have aching pain, I guess, you know, I, I should have lied until there was an emergency.
That's all I'd be there right now.
I'd be there right now.
Uh-huh.
I mean, the people I'm going through now, it's data, the art stuff.
Right.
I'm having, I'm having computerized ceramic restoration.
Wow.
So I'm having all the old filling.
You know, there's old ugly brass filling.
Right.
They're all being popped out.
Annie.
I got so many of them, boy, my mouth is loaded with some, I got fillings up the old mouth.
You better look at it.
And you know what?
I'm telling you, they put a little colorless in camera.
I should take all the fillings out and put those new plastic ones in there because all that stuff about, you know, about mercury.
No, right.
Look what happened to Freddie Mercury.
You're bad.
Yeah.
I'm serious.
You've got to go the, I mean, just eat these and see it because I was there.
No, that mercury keeps releasing gases into your body and they say that it's very bad for you.
Yeah.
I think that's it.
We don't have all my teeth pulled out.
Mm-hmm.
I'm going to take you, you've got to see this because I was there.
Because I feel right, I'm getting a little close to being old enough to have my teeth pulled out.
You know, I'm being there.
Oh, I got to see that.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm having a glass.
Oh, no, pulling.
A little fizzy glass like Martha Ray.
Oh, no, no, no.
You don't want to do that, no.
Okay.
You could too.
But really, you have to see this.
I wanted to go there and see it.
I'm not going there.
Why would I want to go there for?
I just can't see it.
How many dentists can I go visit already?
Maybe I'll just take a few days off and visit all the dentists to some more.
No, with distance.
And get drilled, which I don't do that part of it.
They're coming from Moscow.
They're coming.
I just there.
They're coming from what?
That's Russia.
People come from Europe.
It's coming.
Come on, Easter.
No Germany.
Well, not these.
Yeah, that's great.
Have great day, sweetheart.
Good luck to you.
Okay.
Okay.
Keep going.
Getting scaled.
We have an open line at day five six seven o'clock.
Five, 60, five, 60.
All I needed some ambassol.
I had a little thing of ambassol in my thing in the bathroom.
And I went to use it last night when this little irritation started on the gum.
And I went to open it up and I couldn't open it up.
And I looked at the day to expire 94.
Five years ago.
And then I thought, well, I can't open it up with my hands.
And then I thought, no, don't do that.
No, seriously, having now you admit you've opened up stuff with your teeth all the time.
And I thought, that's just what I need is of course, here's the deal.
If I'm going to chip a tooth, it's a good idea to do it just before it goes to the dentist anyway.
Right?
Good thinking creative.
So maybe that's what I need.
And of course, I was going to stop this morning coming to work at Walgreens over here to get a little thing of ambassol that expired like some time in our lifetime, that five years ago.
And I don't know where Walgreens is.
Where were you?
The Walgreens that sign has been there for 14 months.
It's right there.
I was there this morning.
It's right where?
You know where the bank is?
No.
We've here, you go south.
Yeah.
That's the way that you were going home all that while, right?
I went to my left.
Right on my left.
I go home that way every day.
There's no wall.
It's not open.
Isn't it?
Sure.
It is.
Nice in there.
Clean, spiffy.
You sure it could fool a hell out of me.
Right next to the liquor store.
Oh, well, maybe I can take care of that guy that called me for too.
I'll get some ambassol.
Yeah.
And said, you got cut off.
I just played the drop.
And said what?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I said, he gave me a phone number.
Why didn't I ask?
How about the guy with Dr. Bernstein?
He calling you?
We have an open line and dig.
Welcome to Dr. Talk.
Okay.
It's the doctor.
It's the dentist.
It's the veterinarian.
We're all so I did find a good veterinarian.
See, I'm a mess.
But my dogs are doing great.
A good veterinarian.
I found.
Okay.
I love them.
Central Parkway Animal.
What are the hell in the name of that?
Is over there by publics?
Not here.
I'm clearing.
They're great.
But for me, I can't find crap.
That's the problem.
For your animals, the sky's the limit.
But for ourselves we couldn't fight a doctor if he held a gun to their head.
Why don't you wait another 20 or 30 years, okay?
You'll feel better.
Now, something that I've been tapping to crap out of that gold crown with a pencil,
get that guy's number.
Let me sue his ass.
Seriously, now this thing is starting to hurt like a, uh, um, loner.
Parachupa.
Libertay Parachupa.
A mother's do it can make an evening out for Feverdowles.
Cuts a credit card to Linus from Info.
Buttercalling through houseboy Rowell.
She is downright cruel.
And evil witch is free, but she's drunk on etiquette.
Throw all of these while she bakes the chocolate chips.
She makes collagen for her own limbs out of onion bits.
Mother's do it, you think so nice on my TV.
But your smile is just a mess so we can see your personality.
Once I saw her make an earring out of cottage cheese.
She do the pocket time well to do her cross dish.
I didn't be a civilian so damn rich, but she's such a bitch.
Mother's do it, how come you sound?
Say off your bill.
You're like Satan dressed in sand with your plough.
He had sad and frilly trails, making stones with bowels.
He dug up bitter old backyard with the rest of her.
She built herself a deck better watch herself around that wreck.
Or he'll snap your neck.
Did he say Jack?
There are actually models using pastry.
Where she's listening makes her own design.
Now I'm off a dang just desert.
I get such a hurt.
Okay, what's her any one at 5.50 WQM?
I appreciate the guy in Hellendale.
I appreciate the other guy with the tap and the pencil on my thing.
But I got a dentist, okay?
Thank you.
Not a jury while either.
I'm excited now I got a dentist like you might see I'm a smuck.
Why don't I ever get a dentist or a doctor or a see it again.
My dog gets better treatment and my veterinarian is right by near where I live.
But for me, I got a slip to the beach to see Dr. A red nose.
You know, Rudolph the red nose doctor and over to Cleveland Clinic,
which is out there in Yem's belt on Cypress Creek Road.
No, we're near where I live.
Maybe the reason for that is I don't like to drive in too far with that little dog in the car
because he's such a pain in the ass.
So it's always got to be close to home.
Maybe that's the reason.
But I got a dentist now and I'm going this afternoon getting this whole.
I'm going to get them all yanked out.
You know, just seriously take them out.
First of all, I'm good dentures.
Okay, I'm going to start.
I'm going to go back to doing the topics again.
We'll talk to the old people again.
We'll talk about social security.
We'll talk about the nuts.
Then I'll get some colors about Hank Meyer.
Guy Dice Tuesday, the most important publicist in the history of this town.
Not one call about Hank Meyer today.
I'll guarantee you Hank Goldberg knew Hank.
In fact, I'm pretty sure Hank used the work for him, didn't he?
Hank Meyer associates, whatever that was.
Back in the days when Hank was peddling the hero, which he now hates and writes to leave so.
Here's a lady in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, I think like he sees God it settled for his tooth.
What's bothering you, sir?
What is bothering me?
Yes.
Is this male Rogers?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh.
My gum.
You know, like down in the bottom, we're on the bottom on the end.
Were my wisdom tooth used to be?
Yeah, what's fine?
On the right side.
Right side.
Feels like there's like a hole.
I mean, I mean there are two cells.
Huh?
Is there a two cell?
Yeah.
But the gum is just like, I mean, at the end of the gum, where the gum ends, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
It's just like there's like a hole in it.
Really?
Yeah.
Not like a big hole, but like it's irritated and hurts like a mother.
And if you touch it, it like you could...
It's not a wisdom tooth.
No, I don't have anymore.
They've all been taken out.
Huh.
That's why I have no wisdom.
Wow.
Yeah.
Do you have anywhere close to university and...
No.
And do you have any more?
No.
No.
No.
I got it in this room.
Oh, you got one.
Good one.
Yes.
I'm going this.
I'm really bad because I know what you're going through.
Yeah.
I mean, it's not really all that bad, but it's sure it was something you're starting to talk about.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't think it's the end of the world.
But maybe all these other things that I've had like in my neck and in my head, maybe that's associated with the tooth problem.
Is that possible?
You're neck in your head.
Yeah.
What's wrong with your neck in your head?
Oh, I don't want to go through all of that again, you know.
I have a great day.
Thank you so much.
She wants me to go back to the whole thing.
We won't have any audience left by that time.
Oh, excuse me.
That was a great lunch by the way, Chuck.
Open line of day one and Broward.
5'6M plus she sounds a little bit out of the weather, too, then she...
Oh, I made it too much of that Nova Cana.
Too much of that laughing gas.
5'6M, 0560, 0560 on the AT.
I'm going to tell you, I struck a jackpot here.
If I could find a doctor, he's not going to find a dentist.
I've already got 172 dentists ready to see me right now.
Pronto.
They know I got plenty of cash on me.
5'6M, 0560, 0560 on the prestigious AT&T wireless line.
Hank Goldberg from Vegas to two, who will be very briefly in between
feeding the 6-630.
And then we got the pre-game Panthers in Washington, a pivotal, a desperate,
an absolute must win game, 7 o'clock tonight.
Any interest at all?
No.
I didn't think so.
Here's a lady in Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, I just wanted to tell you that I worked for the long time,
dentist of Norma.
And I don't know why you haven't asked him for a good dentist.
Because he ain't feeling too good right now.
Yeah, I know that, but he at least he knows a good dentist.
A real good dentist.
Really?
Yeah.
I have a great dentist that's just that, I really do.
I have a very good dentist, but the problem being that they see you in, you know,
two weeks, four weeks, whatever they get over there.
And it's either easy, so good.
That's why I so busy all the time.
Are you sure?
Is it because he's on all these like plans that you know,
you're going in a waiting room full of people?
Oh, that could be a two, because I pay.
I pay, I don't, I'm not on any plan.
Oh, you're not.
Okay.
Independent contractor, I pay all my doctor bills, my, so they should be delighted to see me,
because I pay cash money up front.
Right.
And I will agree with you.
I know when I've watched your TV show and you lean back and you laugh,
you gotta get that amalgam out of there.
Right.
Is that true?
You gotta look, you gotta get it out of there.
You're out.
You think that's what's making me sick?
I don't know.
I'm out full of that crap.
I got a mouth full of mercury.
I don't know, but I tell Norm every time he comes in that you have to tell you to come in,
to come in, lighten up the office.
Okay.
So where are you?
We're in downtown Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, see that's, oh, no, they don't let me over there.
Why?
I'm just out of my torture.
Have a great day sweetheart.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Oh, by the way, I spoke to Norma Kent, the other day in the hospital, he's coming along,
he's back, he'll be on the day or two, maybe he's out already.
I don't know.
I'm generating the thing with the doctors.
By the way, yes, Boog is on from the Honda at two o'clock today until 630.
And what have I been saying Hank is on from, well, I don't get it.
That was the message that I gave you this morning, but I guess that they got this.
Oh, I thought you said Boog was on until 630, right?
From two and so six there.
But how did I know he was on it?
Well, I looked at the stupid schedule back there.
I don't look at that thing.
I mean, I assume that Hank did the show from Vegas yesterday.
I heard some of it.
Right?
Uh-huh.
So why would he not be doing the show today?
Oh, a lot of gambling to do.
Okay, I'm sorry.
So Boog is going to be on it two o'clock from the Honda Classic.
Where they're playing golf and the croquet.
Now, I'll be honest with you, neither one of them is really like watching a sport,
but that'd be some real good exercise for you, Boog.
Yeah, get out there.
Get the handheld mic.
Get the handheld one and a microphone too, Boog.
Get out there and whack a few.
So he'll be on two to six thirty and then we go to the pregame.
Okay, got that right.
No, Hank today.
What is that all about?
He must be losing his ass out there.
I think he's losing his ass.
Uh-huh.
Two open lines in date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, and pound five, six, eight.
But you'll never hear about it.
I love Hank.
But boy, he's one of those gamblers always tells you about the winning.
Oh, we had a big night.
We, Hank and his pirakey.
You know, we had a big night.
We had a big day.
We had, you know, hit the pick six.
We had the triple L.
All the compulsive gamblers, man, they always tell you about the great days they had.
But when they're plunging and plunging their lungs, losing their ass.
Do they ever tell you about those days?
No.
No.
Any can.
Now, say one thing for any case, who's even a much more compulsive gambler than Hank.
I mean, then all the people on this day, Ed Kaplan lives for gambling.
He lives for, he has the morning line odds on whether we're going to show up to do our show that day every day.
But at least I've heard like the other day.
When it came in here, stuck his head in the door and said, oh boy, we have really having a bad time at Coulston losing my ass.
You know, he will tell you that.
Fuck it in and hold it.
But a great way to start your day with Marvin's frosted face.
Yes.
Now there's a new practice cereal for adults.
Marvin's frosted face.
Yes.
Sugar frosted corn flakes.
Ape like mar Valverde's face.
Yes.
Each plate is lovingly shocked with a hot splooge of sugar to frost hard space.
Yes.
And best of all, it's made of corn.
So it goes through fast.
Yes.
So start your day the climatic way.
Where is the frosted face?
Okay, 142-560 WKM.
So, Quarry wants to straighten the record out.
He knocked a lot to some city bar last night, which he's really impressed about.
By the way, it was on some some dimbo's yacht.
Have it a great time getting later pretending to anyway.
And by the way, you're right.
I don't want to embarrass him, but you're wrong.
You know, I didn't pay too much attention to any of these guys when they were taking up our studio that a few weeks ago.
Well, he got a haircut.
What?
It's a good thing you're not a fag George, because you've got really terrible taste in guys.
I give Quarry like about eight and three quarters.
Huh?
I don't want to embarrass him or anything, because you know I'm not his type, but.
Okay, we have an open line of day one and Brad.
Sure.
I mean, compared to this place.
I just hold him on the QA and Greg or can guy for this place.
Wouldn't you agree?
Huh?
See, even she agrees.
There you go.
He's all hooked up now.
We got the Quarry straight now.
5.67 on this place for this place.
For this place.
Okay.
I mean, he's no what's his name?
Brendan 5.67.0560 and pond 5.60 on the 18 T wireless line.
And here we thought that all the guys that worked on Hank show were getting late.
Like Robert Gieber.
Like Josh Friedman.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Now you really get.
Oh, what a, you know, I just had lunch too.
That is the most disgusting thought.
I think like, I'm going to have a lunch.
I'm going to have lunch.
May make a comeback now after hearing that.
Here's the lady in Pember find.
Tell her.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Dr. Inner what's off is is Neil available.
Speaking.
Neil.
Where are you, my friend?
Come.
You can't come to see the dentist today.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
The rumor has that you get off a work at two or one way over.
Okay, Cory.
Good luck to you.
By the way, Quincy Market and Boston, you'll love it.
What did you say now?
I'm wondering if you're coming over at two.
Rumor has it you get out of work.
I hear you.
You get.
Yeah, I do.
I got to get this all checked.
I'm going over.
I've got a look.
40 dentist here that I'm supposed to go see.
I get maybe I'll have to do one after the other.
And she would get.
Come on.
Start with us.
We know you.
How about 245?
You got it.
You're on the book.
Okay, thanks.
All right, dear.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Now give Cory a nine.
Well, I said that now that you left.
I don't want to get him to get pirated.
And all these guys.
Oh, Neil thinks you really, you know.
I'll tell you who doesn't look too bad in this place.
Okay.
But he's kind of strange.
Well, of course, he's one of our salespeople.
The news say I don't know what his name is.
The sales guy who's like the young guy that's down on this side.
Of course, he'd have to be young for me to say he looks good and traces office.
Yeah.
What is his name?
I forget.
See, even you don't always name.
He doesn't like that.
Yeah, he's a good guy.
But boy, I was taking a leak in there one day and, uh, oh, he saw me and he re-
Oh, I think I just got a good drink of water.
I'll see you.
They're nervous.
They're nervous.
Okay.
I guarantee you everybody in our sales department, they've taken a leak somewhere near
Fags.
Okay, before they never got molested, etc.
Just relax.
Besides, that amount of hurt Zoltan's feelings.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, is this amazing with his dentist thing or what?
I sat down here this morning in the first hour and man by 1115, I thought, man, you have
lost it.
You have no more cloud.
You have no audience.
You got.
And now all I mentioned, I just, I just whispered.
Although, tell me, be sure and tell her that before I go to the dentist, I got a real
bad from that lunch, I think.
What, what now?
More dentist?
No, just like this.
Did the guy call from the bill?
No.
Oh, I'm sure if they're just, they're all over me.
He likes stink on Greg Reed here today.
Boy, if I could just find a doctor as easily as I'm finding a dentist, I could probably
get rid of all this crap.
Here's a mobile in the gables.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm here to tell you I am not recommending my dentist, my dentist is stuck.
She drops things in my mouth.
She squirts me with, squirts me with water.
Yeah.
She gets a bite of your face with it.
Yeah, she takes this grinder thing and she grinds things in my ear and there's no
stuff that's from this nose, no, it's less alcohol going all in and whatever.
Yeah.
She's the worst.
She makes the marathon man dentist look nice.
But you keep going, or should there must be a right hand?
I can't.
I'm in the middle of a procedure.
I've called other dentists.
They're like, no, she's already started it.
You've got to finish it with her.
So it's definitely don't go to her.
I want to tell them, tell your name.
The other thing was Neil.
I'm a hetero, but you said Joe Dimasio was one of the ugliest fighters.
I'm a hard press to think of anybody.
Oh, Neil, he was the thing we're looking, man.
Joe Dimasio was the stingwish looking.
Did you ever see pictures of him when he was like a player when he was younger?
Well, no, I'm not that old.
Oh, I mean, I've been picking up.
When you think of him in Marilyn Monroe, it'll make you just want to scream.
It'll make you angry at the human race.
Oh, the last thing, Neil.
Neil, the next president of the United States, the Gordon Litty.
Goal.
Okay, we have an open line of day one in Brown.
What's all this here?
Mumbling, well, he's got a bed, then it's just teeth are f'd up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18.
Now let me get this straight.
Okay, first I'm going to go, then I'm going to go to the dentist and which one.
And how am I going to get there from here, by the way?
You ought to know.
Taffed the white givots.
Taffed the same way I go home.
What I'm not going to my friend.
I'm going to my right.
Right.
County one to university.
County line.
County line is a fast road which they have taken the stuff off of there.
Right, you can make a left there now.
Yeah, they're a way up there yesterday.
Oh, and I can start with the mobile station saying, how am I of Greek friends?
Right.
Not and then go over to university, go north and there you go.
All right.
Great.
Be right over there, sweetheart.
Funny when I called her this morning, they said, who are you?
Yeah.
All of a sudden I make a big radio show out of it like, oh, yeah, come on.
You coming over.
How about Hall of Year?
Right.
And that's what she said.
So I guess remember when I alcohol stings, it's all calm rose and she'll talk to you about the apartment we got.
And I called up rose and she said, yeah, always makes you feel real ego boost.
12 minutes before to Vouge Shambi.
Sorry, I got it wrong all day today, but I didn't look at the schedule.
I assumed Hank was on yesterday.
I assumed Hank was on today.
Was I right?
No.
Now, who will be here from two to six 30 talking golf and maybe a little bit of sports too?
Good can't keep a packer in his pants.
We don't intermaker in the count of being.
They got the best of her that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that table of work.
They tell you this country where they're going to be.
Cross the man has some he want to sell.
And from my own way you can detect these.
And I'll sport.
Sport gun.
Sport.
He light up display and talk.
Sport gun.
Oh, we're fine.
Sport gun.
Sport.
They're gun to be good.
You'll be carry lots of herb indigun and snack.
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn like.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
America is always on me here and say.
Got nothing like this in the USA.
They spoke.
