Rathman, one of my four three five sixty WQAM, Miami Fort Bauderiel presents the Neil
Razer Show to talk to Neil called five six seven zero five sixty toll free for date and
Brad or pound five sixty on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guests callers or anyone
else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the
easily broadcast group. Now Neil Rogers on sports radio five sixty QAM.
Oh God that's my friend. Roll up the other one. Yes. Just like this. Okay.
Okay.
And I need another.
Don't bow guard that.
No, no, no, no, no.
Don't go.
Just bad
No
Father, wherever alphabet to New Yorkの
There are some stickersiggers.
енд trade letter to their generation
Some people don't understand
entered to get their package
Free Toyota
And I don't have a mother in bed.
Yeah.
And move my neck like my friend.
And I'm just having a little doubt.
Oh, right.
And I'm full of love that's gone in my brain.
And pass it around.
And pass it around.
And pass it around.
And I'm just having a mother in bed.
And I'm just having a mother in bed.
And I'm just having a mother in bed.
And I'm just having a mother in bed.
Now let's see, it's 550, go to Olympic Friday.
Thank God, I know it's all let's try.
I'm not even gonna say it. Thank God. It's you know, you know how that goes. This has been a long week
Some weeks go by like man like they weren't like you woke up
It was Monday and you put your head back on a pillow and it was gone a whole week and you say thank God
But this week it's just did drag on and on and on
It's been slow and pondress maybe part of the reason for that being this damn draft stuff
Morning guys. Thanks so much to our friends from a Dunkin Donuts not eating any donuts
Don't panic. Okay, just a little whatever that is little stuff without the bread a little monk
Yeah, I got to go back on the eckons. I had a non-ackens day yesterday. See I'm on the eckons whether I want to be or not
I had a non-ackens day yesterday gain three pounds on the scale. Oh, I'm not what is this?
You really think what what is that? I'm not gonna eat that. Are you out of your look at that?
You're gonna eat that looks like a duly
Nothing you got your face is up. Here you go. What there's another one on the bottom
Well, I'll just scrape the bacon and the cheese off. Are you crazy with all the respect to my good personal friends from
Dunkin Donuts or where but they're from
God I'll eat the bacon though. Mmm. I
Love bacon eat all the bacon you want an egg in the bottom
Mmm
But this egg look at that look at that you're gonna eat that
That is a fried egg egg McNus and fried egg
You like the chrysanthemum which is what do you think is in there? I guess it looks better when I get when I used to go to Burger King
It does I get it without the egg. Thank you
Oh bacon and cheese or ham and cheese croissant which without the egg those were great at Burger King
But this this thing this fried egg
My dog drops better deposits in the yard all over the place than the nesting looks like seriously if this is what food were caught
I'd weigh 72 pounds if this is what food was all about
WQM kitchen hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am
Where my car is I'm sorry. What is it?
And you wonder why I'm glad this week is finally over it's been great
Wayne Gretzky to retire what a emotional even though I hate him like poison
Not because he's not a great player which obviously he's one of the greatest to overplay in any sport but I
Just hate him. He's always been a leaf killer. He just I just can't stand him. Maybe needle nose cannot handle him
But a very emotional scene in Ottawa last night for anybody was watching ESPN and then of course CBC went
Bapapapapami once once the news got out that it was gonna be pretty much official
He's having a press conference at for this afternoon when I was so that he's gonna go by by and Sunday
I'll be his last game Sunday night and not to overdo it ESPN
Thank God they never overdo things starting at nine o'clock Sunday night going until seven o'clock Monday 22 consecutive hours of
Goodbye to Wayne
22 consecutive hours of goodbye when which would be better than the draft stuff by the way there'll be some good highlights in there. I'm sure
QA and kitchen. Hello, hey, Neil you read though Christina morons comments and very jackasses calm today to that just relax. Okay. I'll get to it
But thanks for the tip off I read I scour my papers. Okay
By the way, I want to tell you this the number one the the forget about rating people
But the the epitome if you want to know what South Florida's all about
Take a look on page 11 D in the heraldous morning take a look at the picture of very jackass
Because he epitomizes this whole area not just what's wrong with the area he epitomizes everything about this area. He's it
That pudgy faced pudwacking goofball who still lives with mommy
Who is just just a piece of turd just a ass sucker with his little corp buddies Greg Reed and Christina more the only people who talked to him are the ones that he sucks up to when there are too many of them
But I am honored that actually got my name in his column this morning. Thank you so much Barry. That's for you sweetheart
God this bacon this was not the right thing by the way to be eating while I was on here
Also the guilty story wait to hear about this
I got so much to talk about with this ball shaving business that we found out yesterday
See I'm always hearing at us facts. We're the perverted ones and yet in the last year on this show
I found out that the straight guys that are ones who are big into the rectum on all their women to submit to anal sex
We did like what 75 a week series 700 part series on anal sex rectum
And now I find out that it's the straight guys who are all shaving their nuts
And of course a guilty being a big fan of Joe a Castello being very impressionable as he was when he first came to the station
Found out that Joe a shave is not okay because for whatever kinky reason it might be and jelty tried to emulate him a little bit too close
Yeah too late
You're not supposed to use one of those old-fashioned straight raises. Okay, Geltie too late now
And then we find out that Tommy shaves his nuts
In fact, Georgia was informing me who the show started this morning that he and I and how to help us he know about me
But we're the only ones in a place that don't shave our nuts. You think that
Shaves his nuts. I know who we can ask to find out. It's probably got somebody to do it for him
I know who we can ask to find out. Let me say it again
Okay, we'll get into that we got the very jackass stuff. We got I got I'm gonna tell you this week
Maybe the reason the week went by so slowly is because I savored every moment of it every like the bacon that I'm eating here very slowly
Because I sure as I'm not gonna eat this egg. I you know, I'm not I like omelets
What's upon a time most of my life I didn't like eggs at all
I don't mind scrambled eggs if they're not real snotty. Okay, I'm not that big on them
But omelets I do love
Why is that because they don't taste like eggs but something like this this fried egg this seriously I would rather eat
An ounce of dog dropping then consider putting this anywhere near my mouth. This is it's like rubber
It's like rubber with yellow uh with a slab of mustard on it. Hmm. We've had another one
Hey, here you go. Now you've figured it already. Yeah. I don't know where your hands have been finger this
Why are you here and shit like this?
We deliver hot and sexy dominoes dominatrix pizza you'll get off in 30 minutes or less or in three
Crawl your little worms for the domino dominatrix pizza location near you
We want double cheese on you pizza you need a crawl just call one eight hundred. Thank me bad dog
fake
big your bad dog oh
It's good. I mean what what more is there for a guy that grovels at the feet of his girlfriend wife or both
I love more than beside pussy
With all the respected Joe who's a guy always thought was a really good guy. I'm starting to have some doubts
Don't forget his big auto racing show tomorrow morning
That's all about six to seven a.m. Here on the station. I wonder we like to have Gordon so much
But you know guys who like are subservient that just uh and have pussy that's the only word that comes to mind
Shave your balls shave your balls spot shave your rectum shave your armpit shave your pubes shave your you know, what was that?
Because she likes it
bark like a dog you know all that other crap. I mean just the pathetic
So where we gonna get anomalous from?
Huh she now I'm distracted from the uh matters of hand here today
Where we gonna get a real good bacon and cheese omelette because now my appetite's been wedded
By the little bit of bacon and cheese on top of these grotesque looking fried eggs
And they are grow serious. I've never I can't even begin to imagine that you're you would eat this
Anything that looks like that
It feels
Like styrofoam it feels like plastic. It has it in fact look but you can pull it look at that
You can eventually pull the apart but it's uh any movable object
That's an inanimate object. It's it's grotesque
That's an egg even chicken littles him is blushing
Taking a look at a piece of crap like that
Pembroke pines hello. Hey if it's something you can pull away maybe some force gun on there
Uh-huh, but uh anyway, you know I guess we know that the Brian Murray I guess was coaching the
US team right do you see you saw Terry? Where I don't know what that's all about the world
Yeah, I hit the other way they're both going away. Yeah, I can't I maybe they don't get a two-way ticket
Hopefully that's their going away game. Yeah, like the bye bye Murray brothers
You didn't read Dave Hyde's column yesterday. I guess they're built choruses think her swim think her to win
Cheater coming back. I don't want to spoke some back. Not you got another year of it man. All right, boy
Good luck you sir
Good luck to us because we'll need it because they're all coming back because built Torrey being uh, you know foolish and the silly and old
They're all going down together all three of which would be you know, that'll be fitting
They basically destroyed the franchise put it all in the shoulders of one guy
So where can we get an omelette? I would never I've never had an omelette on the air among all the other things that I've eaten while on the year
Got the stadium diner right across the street, but they don't know from us the stadium better. That's right next door to Chuck's
Huh, maybe Chuck will stop by there and bring us a bacon and cheese. I'm not now now. Why are you laughing? He happens to be such a good guy
Then he would probably do that. Yeah, but he's no Jeff Cohen
Thank God, I remember when Jeff would bring the soup from a club from some young guy
That's right. Well, that's because that's because Chuck isn't and see Jeff Cohen again
He's like I wouldn't be so I in fact I guarantee you Jeff Cohen shaves his nuts
I get when you go to the pizza lot next time ask him he'll probably tell you he shaves his nuts a bit of Jeff would drive to the stadium
Bring us an omelette
Um sure he probably would for a little free publicity for the pizza lot
Kitty corner where a savings buffet used to be until all the old people put him out of business by stealing the sweet and low
I wonder what drove them out of business other than probably the clientele all died like the pair of mutuals here in town
Dying for a bacon and cheese omelette. What is there anybody else in this audience who doesn't like eggs but likes omelettes
I think that's probably common and might the only one I can't stand eggs especially snotty eggs
You know when you actually see the snot and what in fact
I mentioned when I had my little accident at the Eden Center in Toronto last Sunday and
At that JJ loves they may have that great omelette bar and they make them fresh for you
And I have huge bowls of like shrooms and peppers and onions diced onions and ham. What everyone in there
But watching them make the omelette isn't exactly one of the most appetizing things in fact
You're better off not to be watching too closely
Because they have all the the egg batter. They got that all on a big bowl and they put that in there on after they heat up the ingredients that you've ordered
Everything except the cheese which goes on at the end after the omelette is cooked
But as they're cooking it they kind of like push all the snot out you know what I'm saying you keep watching the snot running around and they push until the snot vanishes
And then it cooks up into this fluffy big beautiful thing and you know and you think it's fluffy, but it's not
So I think maybe it's the snot that gets in the way. Oh, of course. There's nothing like a little snot dessert or snack in the car
Can't stand when people are staring at me. I'm in the car
Talked about this is it in times leave me alone. I want to pick my nose in the car. That's the one place where you're alone if you're alone in the car
And you can just be free to pick like I say PIP insurance pick your nose and piece
That's what we need in this town
Now I find that every time I got like a real big you know number up in there
And I'm digging and getting great satisfaction of working all that nasty hard crusty stuff out of my nostril
And there'll be some jackass in the car next to me look and what's even worse if it's somebody that recognizes me
That's the most embarrassing. Oh, pick a winner Neil. You know that kind of stuff
And the meantime they're probably shaving their nuts under the steering wheel in their car with their ladybick with that pink ladybick
I wonder if your castell uses a pink ladybick
And that the very dainty deployatory cream that they have for where shaving huh. He's a tracer
I
Thought I would have a guilty to be the one to use the tracer
Here's sunrise hello. Yeah, I think
Gildes problem was they used a straight razor when he shaved his yeah, that's all I gotta thought I just said that
I'm okay
Yeah, okay, I got a question about the Murray brothers, did they lead you after?
Did he leave the team? No
I was wondering last night I heard a big bunch of fireworks. Oh, they're uh, I'm gonna get to that have a great day
I'll get to that just relaxable, okay
I'm sitting there last night watching a Boston beat Pistpurg. I'll tell you Boston's hot for that ruined guy that called the other day
Maybe you're right they're hot
And the appendix pretty nice with their yogurt score very late in the game to make it three two and then they got the empty net goal famous in his Carter
To win four two, but anyway, and then of course all the grits key stuff started
I'm sitting there early in the game and I hear this try I thought I was I thought he had not it off for a few seconds and woke up in Yugoslavia
Because there's all this unbelievable noise and I knew it wasn't thunder because we haven't had rain in what six years here
And gunfire could have been out there, but it's not the right holiday. You know, it's not the fourth of July some of those Jewish holidays
And I wonder what the hell is that I look out in the backyard. I don't see anything, but I hear this it and just goes on I thought well
Must be some right next heads and left over fireworks from New Year's and are blowing them off. They're and the a fireworks too
And it goes on and gets louder and louder and then it sounds like a whole I'm serious. I'm just like Belgrade on a bad day
Finally go out the front door and I give a look and I see it's over there by the sawgrass and guess what
They're blowing on a nice fireworks too by the way
Went on and on and on it was for the official opening of the Oasis Plasma
Which I just happened to have the heralds article in front of me and as usual more mistakes
I'll give you a classic example
It's if the opening gave patrons a taste of what's coming most of the megastores like hard rock cafe
Legal seafood game works and Kipling won't open for another few months
Then like three paragraphs down it says
Sylvia Grossman of Weston sampled the hot flood ice cream a geordella geordelli soda fountain chocolate shop
Tried the fish chowder at legal seafood restaurant which will open Monday for dinner and yada yada yada
Just three paragraphs above it says most of the megastores including these which had mentions legal seafood
Won't be opening for months, but then three per grad legal seafood which will be opening Monday for dinner
And by the way, that's good news. That's a great place. That's a chain out of a new England on a Boston
Can't think of which restaurant in downtown in Boston?
Has the legal seafood like adjacent like right in?
Well, that's a good place
But they're blown off all these fireworks because the oasis plaza is
opening at the saw at the sawgrass
And it says when it's all done. I mean this is just amazing to me curious crowds
Thundersons of all ages swarming through stores picking up free samples and coupons free
And enjoy dozens of performers from bands to jugglers the belly dancers to guys shaving their nuts
Curious crowds who draw to the entertain and portion of the jade mall the first one stop dining eating and shopping mecca in western
Grouder when it's done. I'll have 37 stores in restaurant and
And you know what I'm saying and and what
What's the attraction
For example Lucy Madiaga of highly a gardens who works in sunrise says it has a Disney World type of setup
We really need something because there's not much to do up here. I like this place
But it'll be better when the stores open she says because there's not much to do here she says
Not just in West Broward, but like in South Florida in general, she could say there's not much to do here
Come to the sawgrass watch them blow off the firework shave each other's nuts and
Get free stuff get a bunch of free crap including some free chalda
I don't think you can have clam chalda on the atkins can you can you you don't want to know why
The cream is okay. Although not not milky
The heavy cream would be okay and the clams are certainly fine, but the potatoes. That's the problem
Can't have no potatoes
On the atkins sorry, but you can't have all that great seafood like barbecue trim and
Braille scallops and all that good stuff all these things
So I'm looking eagerly forward to the opening of legal seafood because that's a place like naturally
It's a tremendous place by the way boys and girls even though I hate going to the sawgrass like poison because they're just crowded with all these of an
Anabot people no speaking English and because you have to park 120 miles away from wherever you might be going
And being yellow old and kind of seen out I get confused anyway between the yellow two can and the
the blue dolphin and the purple parrot
You know the yellow tarantula entrance I get kind of confused
Here's big pine key hello
Big pine key
Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you okay? Listen before you get too far along in this
Notch shaving stuff. I just wanted to call you in light of your comments. Yes, they're about depot
I resigned myself to listen to the entire four hours this morning and
Meaning what from six from six to ten I listened to the worst team and then they take a gratuitous cheap shot there because Hank made a mistake about the
Marshall fault thing I think anybody that would just you know we play a guy making a mistake on you like that's okay in my book
Listen, Neil. This stuff is brain numbing. I remember the guy in clockwork orange. That was me this morning a little mint pin
Yeah, we're sitting having mint pin just like you about eight o'clock
Joe Rose was going on about something about the draft just on and on and on and on and on the mint pin gets up blind and leaves the room
Yeah, I don't blame him. It's terrible. The draft stuff is so terminal letters. It's painful
If it causes hemorrhoids to spontaneously erupt
Listen, Neil. Your number one managed number two. Hank very knowledgeable number three and defo he blows. Okay. Thank you
I wonder if he shaves his nuts though because like I said George and I have the only guys in the building don't shave our nuts
That's what roll this this morning
Tommy shaves his nuts. I wonder who's going to be interested in hearing about that
Someone else who does no
He also says it's nuts. I
Did no he had a handsome
Friday you
Congratulations you finished high school or maybe you didn't but at any rate you've learned the three hours reading writing in
Rhythmic and a pretty much sick of school but with pressure from your parents
You know that you better continue with that education
That's why we believe that Ivy University is for you see we call it Ivy University
So it sounds pretty serious but nothing could be further from the truth at Ivy University
Through the three hours you'll be getting the three Ls getting laid getting loaded and maybe a little Lesbo action
Located in the Mediterranean Ivy University has really easy classes. Yes, even you could pass them forget basket weaving
We have watching people doing basket weaving and instead of sex ed we have sex ag with real supermodels
Ivy University you'd do it at the other colleges anyway
So why kid yourself? Okay, here's the bad news that I've been waiting for I just checked the facts machine
I knew it. What do I tell you? I got a homo problem
No, not that kind of homo. I got a homo cysteine problem. What do I tell you?
114 116 let me get back to my book here just one second. I know
I know a lot of you folks out there consider this very this is important stuff
Maybe this is heavy duty here to go
Page 117 and dr. McCulley's book
Here's what your homo cysteine reading should be if it's low fourth eight would be the great reading okay
No supplements needed
If you have mild homo cysteine levels that means you've got poor diet. You're over 60 eight to 12
Moderate poor diet sedentary obese smoker over 60 10 to 14 high
Now very high is 16 to 30
To which I'm getting close
Hi
Family history obesity smoker hypertension high LDL low HDL right
Between 12 and 20 on the Richter scale. What's my homo cysteine number? I might blood test 15.4. Oh
bad
Normal limits it says I'm here from the lab five to 15
But the definitely you want under under 10
Released under 14 15.4
Now my doctor writes on here or at least I think he wrote this starch folic acid
Guess what I already take 400 micrograms of folica 800 every day
And off-bought hydrochlorothides that repeat four to eight weeks
According to the lab on here a desirable number would be 10 and according to book 10 would be yeah
I'm the low end of moderate that would be okay
folic acid v6 and v12
And be careful because that's a bad bad bad number. I have a homo problem
Homosistine and that's the bad stuff. That's what clogs your arteries. That's what makes you sick
That's what gives your heart disease. Homosistine not cholesterol
But triglycerides and homosistine
Or where you got the real problem and I just dropped the book
And you're sitting here trying to feed me all this will they can be even sicker than I was only moments ago
I need to get the homo out of my body man. That's what I need to do
Thank you, Dr. Mark for sending me the bad news see I know that we need to do these tests wasn't either one
It said remember I even on the air about like 10 days ago
I said when we redo these blood tests I want the homosistine test because I've been reading all about this stuff
That's the killer from the niller
Homosistine I bet you we don't have one person in this audience that has any idea what that is
And they're all busy running there. They're still out there buying their entmins goddamn donuts
And cookies and all that crap all of these things they're low fat this and low fat that and getting bigger and bigger and bigger
Just ballooning up to regard gantuan size
Oh, I'm clogging their veins
Getting ready for another
arterial episode as they call it
I almost had an arterial episode this morning reading the paper there
Page 11 D in the Miami-Herole Sports section
With this pudgy face like I said everything that you need to know about this town is right on the face of Barry Jackass right on that pudgy pusahes
And he goes on about the draft the spn makes the NFL draft that happening and yeah, yeah, yeah, and melt type or this great
Then I see a thing that's on dolphins radio voice bill zipper will join q ams coverage of the draft because we're gonna be like sick with it for the next
48 hours whatever the hell it's gonna be obsessed with it
So anyway then I see a thing that's is more ends run
Chris Moore moron the panthers radio voice since the team's inception rights berry
Causes final game Saturday against Tampa Bay more moron who is leaving to take the job closer as homin New Jersey perhaps with the spn radio
Will miss his friends with the panthers
He will not however miss wq amp tacos nil Rogers who frequently criticized his work moron
Now
This here comes the interesting part
Neil is very self-serving in what he elects to discuss more said
It's a really easy way to make a living the second guess all of the decisions people make and forget the good ones
He's a master in doing what he does
It's distressing to me his ratings are as high as they are but Jerry Springer has a lot of ratings too. I won't miss Rogers it hasn't been pleasant
But Moore says he leaves on good terms with wq amp morning host Jeff de Forrest and Joe Rose even though they were angry after more joined them on the panther coaches show last season end of love berry
The fairy has to say in his column okay
I mean where do I even start with this let's start with the last the ass end of that first
I mean I realized we got basically three pussy there on the morning show but even them I'm sure if pressed for a real honest answer
Aren't just gonna overlook the fact they were we go back to that whole business like a year and a couple of months ago
With that the spokesman on there in the morning show and couldn't handle the heat
Which of course was all my fault and Christina Morgan's on air we had that somewhere do we still have that?
I think we have that George I think we do
Oh my god
That's why we hosted the show today basically we were called yesterday
Yeah, yeah, we got both I'll get to that
And goes out about how the morning guys weren't qualified to do the coaches show now granted they're not hockey experts by any stretch of the imagination
But they also have no vested because they're not on the panther payroll at least two of them not have a don't have a vest interest to put their tongue up Brian's
Correct them folks from in Zaz
Yeah, they weren't qualified and they only be started asked those really tough nasty questions after Neil Rogers came to the station
According to Christina. I'll never forget that episode
And then he goes on there in the morning and is personally
Screening the phone calls he goes into the put into the put and they're a production studio in the
Control room and was personally screening the calls before they'd be put on a year
To make sure that we can have a marshmallow toss for the spokesman in the middle of a grotesque horrendous scene the first of two in a row by the way
For getting about the grotesque quality of his work so you can't complain about his play by play because he doesn't do any
Christina Moore
And I think back to the seven months when I was off the year and most of the time thank God out of this town
But I think when Hank got suspended
That one time which should never have happened by the way in nor he should if he had real balls
Nor should he have ever allowed that to go on him or and his agent unacceptable
Because he had the audacity he wasn't nice to some of Gregory's friends not to mention screw in and the a water not to hear
But be that isn't made that was his choice to accept and lose pay over it and be off the air for two weeks and be on the hot seat
And I remember one day in particular I'm at home somebody calls
I don't want to say who and says oh turn on cue Amory now Christina Moore is going off the deep end
And he's going on and on with books to there now one thing I'll say for book even though he's
He's grown in more ways than one. He's grown emotionally and he's also grown physically which
That's the sad part, but we'll get to that later
The office pool is growing by the way book put down the sandwich
But
I turn on the radio and here's Christina
I guess he would rehashing what he'd already said about well, you know if they're upset about Hank and the Hank
Criticized the Wayne Heisinger or something about the state in there and the food and the Senate and the Heisinger people are upset
Then what's going to happen when the erudges will be on the station and Christina's going to oh neo-riders will never be on cue Am
I'm going to send him right now. He'll never be on the station
Well, guess what it's April 16th
1999 I've been on the station now for like 15 and a half months. We got the highest goddamn ratings on the station in the time slot that you laid a big bomb Christina
Including during the months when I was off the air you still laid a big bomb
How do you like that when they had when they had Greggo is their competition and he still couldn't beat him
Let go my Greg. Oh, yeah
Oh, I got lots to say about this. They're homo-sistering thing though. Yeah, I on the one hand
I'm displeased that it's that high, but on the other hand, I'm glad that that's where the problem is. I got to work on my homo problem
I feel really really
As to why we hosted the show today basically we were called yesterday
By the Patters front office and asked us if we would we would do the show
They wanted it to be I think more hockey related. They wanted questions from people that know the game
When these shows are done generally they're done by a play-by-play or an analyst person from the team that is
Providing the coach when they are generally done and the reason they're generally not done and why there is no Jim Leland
Colin show or Jimmy Johnson Colin show or Pat Riley Colin show
This is then in fact you go around the country and there are very few of them they have to have they're generally not done because
hosts
On the show tend to like to stir it up and make it personal rather than hockey related and
We had nine calls today none of them made it personal of the nine and
Brian took the nine calls and a few of them said the team sucked and when are you gonna quit or when are you gonna be fired and that's to be expected
But to me having eight coaches show is better than having no coaches show and if you think you're gonna get honest answers to every question
That's like me coming in with your boss listening and you're standing next your boss and I said you what do you think your boss and
You're gonna say always pretty good guy. I get along with him no matter what
That because your job is on the line
Well, Brian Murray has to work with these players
He has to either trade these players or keep them same with his coaches
He has to keep those coaches or not, but there are no there are many questions on a coach's show that a coach cannot
The fully forthright about and that's life. It does not make the show in valid
It does give you an opportunity to say hey how the things going on the minor leagues. What are you looking at trade wise?
Would you consider I mean how very few coaches he got on hot water for this but very few coaches would answer
Would you consider trading John van B's bro? He said yes
The yesterday morning the flyers denied that Roger Nielsen was gonna be their head coach later who ours later he was their head coach
You can get that if you want you can get you know flat out line, but you're not going to get there are questions
He can't answer if he thought and I have no idea
This is an example if he thought Scott Melody was doing a lousy job as captain
He doesn't have the right to tell you that if he thought that the assisted coaches were terrible
He doesn't have the right to tell you that if he thought that
Dave Gagne didn't try every night or or
Robert Spayla was faking his back injury and none of these things are true
All I'm saying is that no matter what a coach has to protect his players and the people on his staff to a certain level
And you've got to accept that as a listener now if you don't want to show don't listen to the show
But I think you get a lot more out of these shows than if you had no show at all
Right, but to think that you can get total honesty out of any corporate manager in any situation
You're crazy happy with every one of your employees mr. manager
Well, obviously he's not but he's not gonna come on there and say no I'm not happy with this guy and this guy in this guy
He's got morale to worry about and he's got a deal with managing the team
So I guess important to note that and to realize that now and then that this is not a dark board for Brian Murray
And that the fact that he continues to come on and as agreed to come on is a plus for you and
And the regardless of who holds the show because I had nothing to do with the nine callers
James and Mike and Tom and Tom and Mike and Rick and Luigi and Ira and Angel they called they said what they wanted and they left
And that's the way the coach show is supposed to be so
We don't apologize for doing the show if we're asked we'll do the show again
And if you don't like it, it's not much we can do about it
But it is your chance as listeners and as teams fans of the team to call in and talk and nine of you did and hopefully you got
Attors that were reasonable not that you have to stop not that you have to stop right
But why not? I mean that was on the heels of one of the most embarrassing episodes
I've ever had the opportunity to witness in my life in this business and boy
Have I seen embarrassment in this business or what?
Lots of it, but that was that was right up there at the top of the list
And here's the guy comes on there and says basically what he's saying is the coach can't tell you the truth
He's got a lie to you. He can't really and he's got to evade these questions
So what's the point of the whole thing in the first place and did I actually hear Randy more there in the background sucking along with this?
Oh, Randy no wonder your hairs fall out in clumps
Embracing humiliating and degrading just unconscionable
And Terry Murray I know Terry. I'm sure I just like his brother hates me like poison
But you know what good favor I did when he first came remember I met him those first couple of times when I thought he was a good guy
Before I realized he was just another clone of the spokesman
And I told him I said don't even think about doing that coach's show
Because
There's what's the point, you know why do it?
Said you know, I think you're right. They never did it
And of course having gone through this last season again
It would have been the same crap and it would have been all that paranoia and psychosis
Especially an organization that's so thin skin and tech and take any criticism at all
Like the Panther organization you met how many mistakes they make you met how many bad trades they made no matter how many games they lost
Whatever the hell went on no matter how many screw up the war in the arena
We've gone through Saturday of the tomorrow be the last game
We've gone through an entire season in an orina
200 million dollars of public money to build it and you still can't see the red light come on when the goal is scored
Depending on where you're sitting factor some see to can't see the one come on
And little minor things like that
Little minor things you know what I'm saying?
They don't seem to care about they don't care about the fans
All they do is all they care about is posturing and posing and
manipulating the people in the media these little underlings these lemons
And trying to sell you all he's a project this one is a project and this one is a we got more
I've said even an over time and not as many projects as we got on the Panther organization
Chris well, he scored any of this year no
Come close no all these project in the organization
And this guy all he did was going there and you know suck ass. That's all he did
And try to protect you know and and then of course that part of the clip that I just played doesn't have the part
We talked about the other guys being though, you know not qualified to do the coach's show
He alluded to this, huh? No, but it wasn't he didn't mention that in there. Yeah
They wanted somebody to do the show that he actually came out and said that another part of that rap
But I don't we don't have that part on tape, but he actually I remember him saying that
And going on about the fact that well, you know, they didn't used to be as
As piercing and as tough of a nose
But only since Neil Rogers came on the question had they they you know all of a sudden it's changed them
The whole world according to Christina Moore
Everything is bad because Neil is on the station
I thought Neil was never going to be on the station is what he said
But then as long as he was everything bad that happened and it gets back to this very jackass column here
And let me tell you say it again. This is just another cluster fork. That's all it is
There is so little objective reporting of any kind in this town. It's pathetic. I mean almost none
If you happen to be on the good side of whoever it is they'll write glowing stuff about you
They'll suck your ass and like I said, Barry is basically not on the good side of almost anybody except Greg Reed
Who's got he's got Greg's home phone number no less and and Greg actually returns buried Jackson's call
He's the only one in in the world who gets a return call from Greg Reed is very jackass
And the other one being Christina Moore
Now did Barry jackass make any attempts since he decided to make a whole big song and dance about me in this article
Did he make any attempt to contact me no to talk to me about this no or do my opinions about Christina Moore no of course not
Because Barry jackass you'll recall was the one who is being moaning the fact. Oh gee. We're gonna be losing the fabulous sports babe
Yeah
The fabulous sports base
And those big numbers they used to have in mid-day here with no spots and Christina doing their sit-down comedy
And it's interesting in the 15 and a half months in the interlude in between that Barry jackass
Never even mentions my name even though this is the all sports station the only time you mentioned one time very early on that
We didn't carry some stupid sports press conference
Some meaningless Jimmy Johnson thing or whatever the hell it was and he got all psychotic about that
He was outraged over the fact we were gonna interrupt the highest rate at your honor station
And it wasn't something important it wasn't like the would you know the Jimmy conference that we did carry when everybody thought he was gonna resign
And Hank on this show broke the story ahead of time that he wasn't gonna resign
Which also by the way didn't get mentioned in the Barry jackass's column since the Hank and I both hate him like poison and expose him for what he is
So actually he would never you know give us credit for anything other than I'm a bad guy. It's everyone's so on the corner Christina Moore
Now let's let's examine what Christina says in here. Okay. Neil is a very self is very self-serving in what he elects to discuss
You know that's interesting because I discuss everything and anything that I that I can think of anything going around around me
Anything that's happening with the station anything having to do with things. I'm interested in like the panthers and their broadcasts
It's a really easy way to make a living a living the second guess all of the decisions people make and forget the good ones
First of all, I have never questioned any of his decisions because I don't know what decisions he make all I can tell you is like I said before
You can't complain about his play by play because he doesn't do any
And in the beginning with me it was only business
Not personal because I really didn't know him
But then he decided to make it personal during the seven months that I was off the year
He had a choice to going in either direction. He could have just kept doing his show
But as opposed to doing that he chose since I wasn't on the year to respond
He chose to take every opportunity to take all the shots he possibly could
And how could deal Rogers becoming on this station and what's the big deal and he isn't going to fit in here
And all the things he's going to say about Wayne
And guess what I still say Wayne's an asshole just like I said in iod and he has an asshole and he's reviled by most of the people in this town
And he sold the marlins because he knew that nobody was going to come through and build him another god damn
State him after he let him down the garden path and stabbed everybody in the back and sold out the team. He knew that
But it's Neil who's the bad guy because he won't suck Wayne's bald spot
Well, guess what Barry here. I am 15 and a half months later and let me say we just had a trend come out a few days ago
And we're still kicking ass even though it's all those guys lighting the loafers that are filling out the diaries according to that one guy never
to less
Maybe Barry's getting some diaries huh because I know he's listening right now you little fat
putt wacker
What I didn't say why not wasn't close to saying what you thought and at one time I was no
I
Wasn't sure what to say fat fart or little fat putt wacker makes no difference you little chubby face piece of turd
pathetic
I mean, you know, it's really desperate when you got a suck Chris Moore's ass. Okay, a no talent like that
That's really desperation because he's one of the only people who'll talk to you in the media because everybody else has written you off as a second rate as a tenth rate and by the way did don't smiley by the marlins yet
Here's Barry's
850th story about how Don smiley's by no marlins. It'll be official any second right on the front page of the prestigious hero
An Allen snow over there to some sentinel trying to keep up neck and neck nose to nose every day with more information on the front page of the other paper
That's the kind of tenth rate assholes. We got right and stuff in this town
tragic never gonna change
Never ever gonna change because real sports writers real columnists real people would experience and professionalism in newspaper business
They're not gonna come here not on your life not a chance
So what do they do? They are punks they hire kids fresh out of high school or kids out of like a junior college
And they pay them, you know, 15 bucks a column or whatever they and then they're supposed to they're experts
Here every single day more and more and more misinformation in that newspaper
What a what a joke what a far cry from the days when there were people who actually believed the hero was like a major market newspaper
Now it's just a pandering puff piece loaded with ads. That's all it is
ads and misinformation
Hey
I love it.
All right.
11-02-560.
WQM got Hank Goldberg from, where's it going to be?
Dolphin Camp at two.
Six to six, 30.
Talking baseball with Donnie.
And then we got the Marlins.
Again, Marlins won a game last night.
I love it.
The four of them.
That's their plan at Philly tonight.
Any interest in that?
No.
They won a game.
Any interest on?
No.
Okay.
So if we really had any crossover with the morning show, we would have already found out that they had Christina Morano this morning.
Obviously long before I was on the way to working, got a chance to listen.
And it's interesting because nobody, I come into work at this morning.
I'm wearing a walk in the hallway and there's all three of Little Dog and Gildi and Defoe, who's getting fatter by the minute, standing there in the hallway.
And they're yuking it up and I'm talking about Barry Jackass and about the comments and Gildi's joking.
I like being less coated.
I said, yeah, I'm sure he had what he had to say.
Couldn't have been in the paper.
Never was there any suggestion to me that they were on that show this morning, which evidently we were going to have one spy report, but he couldn't hang on.
But if there was any crossover between the two shows, there would have been a whole bunch of calls in here to tell me that he not only was Christina Morano.
I don't know if I can remember the worst team this morning, but they stuck each other's ass heavy duty, which we have the tape coming any minute, by the way.
I can't wait to hear that.
Cannot wait to hear this talk about having no self respect at all none.
A guy that came that says that they weren't qualified to interview the spokesman, the hockey coach.
And then agreed to come in and muscle his way out of the shoulder to protect the coach and make sure that only marshmallows came in.
Here's a spy report. Hello.
Yeah, Neil, I'm on a mobile and they cut off.
Anyway, yeah, I'm telling you you got to send George up to check the wall.
But we're getting the tape now. We're getting it.
You got it now.
I said we're getting it.
Oh, listen, I'm telling you and guess who he recommended to replace him for the panthers.
Guilty.
You got it.
Oh, I'm telling you the suction was unbelievable.
It was unbelievable.
I almost drove off the road.
You know, the funny thing about it is I was one of those calls that Chris was talking about the nine calls he had when he did that show.
Yeah.
I was one of the guys he called it and said he stopped and letting the have the ball to go on with the first team and all that.
I'm telling you, you know, get on air this morning and kiss butt like he did.
And then guys kissing right back.
I mean, it's one of the things that there's no backbone among that trio in the morning.
There's not even a hint of a backbone with those three.
First off, why what do they need three guys to do that job?
Well, I'm going to be today yesterday.
I don't want to go back to that whole thing again.
You know, but it's easier for Defoe to run around the building behind Hanks back.
You know, throwing darts at Hank and blaming him for whatever he fish in ZCCs and ratings of this radio station.
But I mean, absolutely no backbone whatsoever.
I have to have Christina more on there and the suck his ass after all the crap that went down.
I mean, well, what's the point?
The guys leave in here anyway.
What is the point?
What's the game by that?
Why isn't somebody among that trio have the caulons to tell him like they do?
I think Goldie had something to do with it.
I'm telling you right now that something to do with one.
Oh, well, of course he's stuck in a position to go and he's all going to get the job.
He says, well, there'll be hundreds of announcers sending takes in and all that.
That's right.
And he knows something.
What we need is a real professional broadcaster who knows how to do hockey games and make the games exciting
and who knows how to give us the score.
That was another one of the great things.
Not only was the only.
You turn on the radio, you know, like if you're watching a game on TV and you went to the store
and you came back a little bit late in the next period already started,
you three, you'd be listening in your car and are you dumps down, dumps down
and you hear the sound of the skates in the back and the sound of all kind of crowd reactions
and there's no discussion of what's happening.
And then you're thinking of at least tell me what the score is and maybe you might hear,
well, you know, it's a two to one game with five and a half minutes left in the period.
Well, two to one.
Who's got the two and who's got the one?
What does that mean?
It's a two to one game.
I could do a whole week, which I won't waste your time.
I could do a whole week describing in great detail, but it's patently obvious to anybody who understands the game even minimally.
What a grotesque job this man did here for six years.
And then when I find out that he succeeded Dale Arnold in New Jersey, then I understand why he lasted there five years.
And in reading Dave Halberstam's book and reading about all the places that the devil's games have bounced around to
and how when they were on WABC, even their playoff games got preempted for some some goofballs,
music show or whatever it was.
Nobody cares about the devil's, which is I guess why he was able to fake his way through there for five years.
And down here, who the hell knew anything about hockey?
And I remember the first couple of years there wasn't any of these clichés, but it was interesting.
There was one guy in here by the name of Neil Rogers who used to play all those Mike Lanclips.
And when we got to that third year, that glorious playoff year and all the way to the Stanley Cup finals,
it was that year that out of desperation and the attempt to try to inject some kind of excitement into the game,
other than just droning on and all of a sudden start screaming when a goal was scored in coherently.
Hot dog, half a board, all these things, all this Cornball, still appendus.
That was all a desperate attempt to be like Mike Lan Jr., which I talked about at the time, and I just refresh your memory.
That's why every now and then I'll play a clip on the year of the great broadcasters who make the game exciting,
who build us a spence, who keep you on the edge of your seat, who actually describe what's going on.
Who aren't busy trying to be sit down comedians, okay, impress you with their great sense of humor, and their body language, as bad as it is.
That's what we need down here, somebody who's like a real great announcer who can impart to the game the excitement that it deserves.
We're grab Chuck to Yashin.
I like to Yashin holding the puck, looking back at Tom, but it's just enough by Farah's in to get it out.
Now Farah's in races after with a steal from Prab Chuck, puts the plate on to a lose.
Still hasn't working.
You're going to check your heart.
Holy, but I can't.
What a play.
So good.
Farah's in.
Priced again.
Short handed.
There you go.
Here on the back of my neck is standing straight up.
Did we ever get any of that in six years from this guy?
No.
Well, but it's really easy to second guess.
I'm not second guessing.
I'm not first guessing because one thing about you, Christina, you were consistent all the way through.
You sucked in the beginning and you'll suck tomorrow night in the very last game.
You just don't have it.
You think and you're a bad guy on top of it.
Seriously, no, you know, there are plenty of people that don't have a lot of talent, but they're good guys.
But to, you know, but to also be a piece of turd as a person.
And the reason that he's very, you know, it's interesting.
He says he's a master at doing what he does.
But then he turns right around if his quote from Barry Jack asks is right and who, who even knows.
Turns right around in the same laparigrapances.
It's the stressing to me his ratings are as high as they are.
Well, it's the stressing because he's obsessed with me like Joey Reynolds was obsessed with me.
What, what is there to be obsessed?
What do I have to do with him?
Other than I'm the one person in this town who knows the game and who had the balls and the a forum on the air to point out to everybody how grotesque his performance was.
In addition to which it's the stressing that my ratings are so high because he was the one that preceded me on this radio station in this time slot and laid a big fat fried egg.
That's why it's this dressing.
He had an opportunity with me off the air for seven months, seven months against great, and a piece of crap that got fired over there at the stupid talk.
And still couldn't get a number on his station.
That's why it's this stressing to him because he's got an ego problem.
You know, why don't you work on your own, you know, wherever you're going to work, whatever you're going to do work on your own job.
Try to improve yourself, try to better yourself at what you're doing instead of being paranoid about neo-roggers.
If I had a dollar for every ounce of paranoia that's been exerted by a whole bunch of people in the last 23 years about me in this town, I'd be wealthy.
I wouldn't be sitting here right now.
I'd be out there working on my homo-sistine problem.
Let's face it, to make a long story short, Chris.
You suck.
Okay?
You suck.
You had a seven months when I was off the air, you had the opportunity to like accept it gracefully.
I didn't come looking for your job.
I never approached Greg Reed. He approached my attorney.
I was getting ready to sign for another five with a 60-year option with a tax in people, which would have turned out okay because when I sold a clear channel, I would have had another window in a contract.
I didn't come seeking this man's job. They sought me out and he resents that because he was a big dud on the station.
Both of this play by play and that awful, god awful midday show they had.
You suck. Let's face it.
Very simple playing. I wish you no ill, but you suck.
I love this show.
On the good ship, on this stud, it's a slave ship and it's very hot when you roll all day.
It's the one you want to back with, cherry.
It's the one that ships and it's bells and lights like an armpit or a bad egg spotted when you die of disease.
They throw the body in the sea.
In a hole, no toilet, full floor, sin, long is a rat.
And if you complain, oh no, why can't everybody do it?
The rustic chains of the slave ship, they don't have no food when you get cheap.
They feed it back to you. Life is very hot.
I want to go to shit.
I want to go to shit.
I want to go to shit.
1160 and 560 WDQAM.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, this homo-sistine thing, man. This is where I'm going to be focusing my attention.
Whatever rough you days I may have left now.
15.4, bad number, baby.
Bad one.
Thank God I insisted on that test.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Bad poop and Dan LaBaster and Greg Kotak, they blow.
But this berry jackass, I'm telling you, I'll never forget.
I know Hank can never forgive him without an initial story when Tony Hirsch passed away.
You're absolutely wrong.
You've just repeating stuff you heard.
That was the report.
The medical examiner apologized the next day or the paramedics, the web reshure.
He was just repeating false information that was given along.
It had his baddest berry jackasses that had nothing to do with him.
Okay, sir.
So if you wanted to discuss that with Hank, be my guest.
But you didn't hear that on this show because that's so not what happened.
560, 705, 60, pound, 5.
It's just amazing talking about suction.
The lengths that people out there will go to to try to ingratiate themselves to agree,
even though they don't know what they're talking about, like that guy.
560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a deer field. Hello.
Deer field.
Hello.
Still there.
Okay, well see, he waited too long.
I moved my finger here.
That slow on a whole 37 minutes.
This guy waited.
He waited.
I said hello. Hello. Let's go.
There's slow again today. I know it's Friday.
It's the end of a tough week. Well, we can your life.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Nobody there.
Mobile in Cooper City.
A Carroll City. Where would they are? Hello.
Mobile in Carroll City.
Deer field. Beach. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
I'm sorry to hear the first time you'll.
Hey, listen, black Neil Rogers loving ball shader.
Yeah.
I've been shaved my ball since I was in college.
I don't. I just don't get it.
Actually, what happened? I'll tell you what happened.
I finally just totally grew a test.
It was a early thing.
You can see a women's shaved their balls.
It started off as kind of an apparent between me and my girlfriend at the time.
We thought it would be sexy for her to shave me.
And she did.
and I really didn't think much of it.
I mean, it was smooth all right for that one experience,
but then I found that as it started growing back,
it itched like hell.
I couldn't stand it.
So I had to keep on shaving.
And I've been shaving ever since.
So you just let it grow back in all the way
and put stuff off to withstand the...
No, no, it chaste and I started getting rashes
and it just became really...
Are you starting getting rashes from the hair growing back?
Yes, yes, because it was chaste as I was walking.
I mean, it was chaste like hell
and I started getting like these red rashes.
You have a little fever.
Untied it from your one five probably.
But it's one a little looser, you know?
Hey, believe me, I'm not that well-hung me.
All that stuff about black eyes is not true.
I know that.
At least not in my country.
Okay, good luck, you pal.
Hey, listen, meal.
Yes, sir.
Quick request.
That farmer's song.
Okay.
You know the one I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do. I said, okay, okay.
Okay, see ya.
Thanks, take a bite.
Five say, what happened with this crowd here all of a sudden, huh?
Somebody pulled their tongue out.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, you know, I guess I guess we're going to miss not hearing.
Hello, my brother.
How you doing, brother?
From Chris Moorah.
Where do I hear that?
Well, that's what is always how he reaches the colors.
Hello, my brother.
I always wondered if he was running in alcoholics anonymous meeting.
I remember back when you were on the open convenience store.
Yeah, well, you know, with the yeah, definitely.
You might know the handle that.
Plus about it.
I mean, I don't think you could even entertain the line at the convenience store.
But I remember when he used to be on from 12 to 2 after the bat.
These guys after about 20 minutes would be scaring up calls.
Hello, nobody's calling.
What's the problem?
That was the whole.
Well, I'm old.
I've been doing that for 20 years.
Well, the whole two hours of their show with why don't why don't people call?
I don't understand when you're on against Gregor.
Okay, I mean, I was off for seven months that they were doing this show.
When they were on against me, obviously they had like no numbers.
Which anybody would expect.
But then I'm off the earth for seven months getting paid to be on vacation.
And they're on against Gregor and they still could get any numbers.
And they still couldn't buy a phone call.
Well, you know, in the last three or four months of their show was like the morning period
about how all they would do was complain about the fact that W 2 a.m. was bringing on an evil home
with sexual onto the show.
And now they couldn't understand it.
And then they would get all these, you know, occasional sympathetic calls.
Well, we feel sorry for you.
And you know, my brother because it was a success.
It was it was a pathetic and I'm glad they're gone.
I'm hopefully I'll get rid of glad goldstein.
Whatever his name is to.
Bye.
Whatever's name goldstein.
Okay.
They love you, Goldie.
Y'all the five six gold five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Any how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I'm just trying to get to it and I couldn't make it.
It was saying a lot of some guy was constantly your ratings were bold.
It's in that your your show wasn't all that you know, I think that's kind of BS.
I appreciate your show and don't don't back on me too much.
But I kind of like you know, the guys in the morning, the first team and everything.
And the guy needs to get a life and one more thing.
If I hear one more thing about the dolphins and who they're Japanese people get a life.
We don't know the things.
We don't pick the players.
Just deal with it.
Go to the game.
Set the hell up.
I'm talking about the draft.
All right.
God bless you, sir.
God bless you.
There you go.
There's a guy with a brain.
Thank God.
See, I was gonna say I think I'll be over after tomorrow, but it won't be because then on Monday and for days and days to come now.
Then it'll be the post mortem.
See, it'll be dissecting the draft.
Who did they get?
Who didn't they get?
Why didn't they get this one?
How come this one went over there?
How come Marshall Falk?
I went to the Rams.
They're already doing that.
You know.
But you know, at least it killed some time, I guess.
Not stuff that I want to listen to out here and to you that it kills time for people with no lives who are waiting for that chialife to come in the mail.
All you got to do is pee on it.
Squirt, squirt, and maybe a life spa will spread out of an end of the chialife too.
I think that's a hell of a good idea.
Five, six.
Where's the spy reports?
We still don't have the tape of that suck fest on a morning show this morning.
We must have some cross over here.
There must be somebody who heard that.
That's got a ball, got a brain even if they shaved it and the ball too.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the other 18 T wireless line.
Mobile and Hollywood, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll be the first to admit I don't know what I'm talking about.
That's all I ask you.
Yeah.
Am I hearing a promo for a new morning show before you?
Did they say Seth Coleman?
I can't come in on.
Okay, no, but I heard.
I can't do anything about it.
I can't say a promo.
Well, I can't do a comment on that.
Okay, that's fine.
I just was confused.
And maybe I hit the wrong station or something.
All right, well, that's there.
I just wanted to ask that.
I didn't know and I wouldn't pretend that I'm not going to say I know something that I don't.
Okay.
Have a good day, sir.
Good afternoon.
Mornings on 560 WQAM.
We'll never be this way.
Starting this Monday, it's the Suds Coleman Show.
Monday through Friday, 6 to 10 am, right before Neil.
The Suds Coleman Show only on 560 WQAM.
Yeah, I have no idea what I think about it.
560 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'll tell you, I guess we'll just have to wait until we get that to tape because these people don't know anything about it.
They must not listen to the worst team.
The fact that Christina Moore was on there and they were sucking each other's ass.
After the number that he'd done them just over a year ago.
That grotesque disgraceful number.
See, when you don't have any self respect, when you have no shame, I guess that's what you know.
How about developing a little bit of a backbone?
Okay.
I'll just a little tiny one, little tiny bone.
Here's a mobile and Cooper city.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Neil, I don't want to flatter Christina by calling them an asshole.
I think he's just a schmuck.
Yeah.
And I need an answer on something.
How much could it be making doing these cancer broadcasts?
I haven't got any ideas, sir.
Why don't you call him up on ESPN and find out.
Here's a mobile and four-letter, Neil.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, report, first of all.
Yes.
I'm myself a week ago this past Thursday with Spadaugh Goldstein sitting in first class on a flight to LaGarvaca.
And he was oozing underneath the armrest and over the armrest.
And he really...
He was oozing.
Yeah.
He needed both seats in first class.
Of course.
I was a skunk.
What do you mean you were astounding?
He's got to be going about 640 these days.
I mean, the plane took off, lopsided.
Right.
And whatever side that Al's sitting on the front all the way up there, it's lugging down the other side.
The balance is on.
We were looking down at the ground as we took off.
Perfectediculous.
As far as almost 15 goes, 800-030.
What is it?
800 milligrams of fall-away today and it will cut your almost 15 levels to nothing.
800 milligrams of what?
Forelic acid.
Forelic acid.
Forelic acid.
I'm over there.
I take, sir.
Listen to me.
Please, I'm trying to have conversations with people today.
The phone must be screwed up.
Can you hear me okay?
Yes.
I take...
I used to take one tablet, 400 micrograms.
Now I'm taking 800.
The book that I'm reading here that says, with my level, I should be taken 2000 micrograms.
That's two milligrams every day, which I'll start taking immediately.
Well, I don't think it's necessary.
And you can read the argument for whatever you want to do.
The guy I'm reading, Dr. McCulley, is the expert on the Homo system.
He's the...
He's the...
All the studies and all the tests.
He's the world-renowned expert on Homo system.
He knows his Homo.
Is that the guy who was at the VA in Boston 25 years ago?
No one paid attention to his work?
Right, in Harvard, right.
Yeah.
And that's the guy.
That's the guy, then I guess you know better than I.
And then, the whole against it is not something you're going to get any adverse side effects.
So it's one of those things that I'd rather take more time to be on the safe side.
Cut my Homo problem.
Well, you could wake up one morning with a dorsal fin, but I think you'll be okay.
Okay, thanks.
So long.
Too much Homo.
A little Homo is okay, but too much Homo?
You...
God.
I'm not going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit serious.
That's offensively and forcefully.
люll spectacularly.
It's Привет.
Good night.
Is it real at this point?
You have a million, and one, two, three.
but it's not surprising to me. Why should I expect anybody on our children to develop
a pair of all of a sudden? Here's Miami. Hello?
Miami, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things. I was kind of wondering, did you happen to see Channel 10 last night?
No. They had an interesting thing on it. It was a whole X for them by one of the reporters
for a date line. And what it was was it was called sex drugs in the American freedom.
Well, sex, do urgent freedom.
Yeah, the American freedom. You know, the thing that doesn't exist.
Yeah, at any rate. That's the American fucking way.
Yeah, exactly. One of the things that kind of got me was that...
Did you send me the facts about it because I had a faxier about it?
No, actually, I didn't. The thing that surprised me about it was the fact that they were actually sort of
endorsing that sort of stuff. They were having the whole thing about why don't we have gambling
and it might right to lose my money? Why don't we have youth in Indonesia? Why don't we have
prostitution legalized all kinds of things?
Yeah.
And it was kind of interesting and I was kind of surprised that they actually went ahead and had the balls
to come on and say, hey, you know...
You mean the ABC was saying these things?
Obviously.
Well, yeah, all of these things. And the other thing is, did you happen to catch the other day
that the guy who shut the pub over in the panther's arena went to court and sued them
because he supposedly won a million bucks?
That's an old story. That's a long time ago. What had I thought he got the million?
No, he didn't. They're actually appealing it.
They're appealing it?
Yeah, they're appealing it.
Wow.
I mean, more power to the guy because they gave him false information and I would have had a heart attack
if somebody told me I wanted a million and then they said, oh, guess what? We were wrong.
He didn't win and I was sitting at that end and did not go over the line.
But I mean, you know, so give him a half a million. Why didn't you handle it?
We'll see what the deal is. The jury went ahead and took a look at it.
What they said was that the board actually got in the way that...
Well, of course it's supposed to, but they're saying that supposedly what happened is the puck would have passed through
but somebody like moved it or something like that.
No, they didn't. I was sitting right there when it happened. I was there that night, like all the other nights.
Well, the jury awarded it to him and now they're supposedly appealing it.
I say given like 800,000 in the call of the day.
Come on. We're putting a minor league hockey team on the ice and you're asking Wayne to go ahead and...
Like I said, give me 50 bucks and let's have a great day.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, poor quality. That republic stock isn't worth a...
Days. What do you want? Leave him alone. He's having a rough time.
Trying to justify to his stockholders and then all his buddies in that Florida panther stock, which also went...
You know, he's got the mightest touch on me first these days, just like his hockey team.
Yeah.
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
And poor John Henry. You know, everybody says he's a pretty good guy.
Boy, did he get sucked in? I heard mad dog yesterday going on.
What do you think, John Henry's thinking now? Well, last night maybe feels a little bit better, but not much.
They're going to lose 100 games. They're not going to be drawn to flies.
He's going to lose 10, 15 million this year easy.
And we're not going to build a net stadium anywhere.
Not public expense. Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. How you doing, buddy? Great.
I got two Julio stories for you. Want to hear them?
Go ahead.
All right. Did you read the list of the hell? There was $236,000 missing from the day county building office?
No.
Okay. Well, the $236,000 in cash and checks from the county's building department is missing.
Another story. I went down Miami last night and you know, it was like three in the morning going home.
And I see these four Julio's beating on these two white Jewish guys beating the hell out of them.
Oh, you're probably one-po-lo.
Yeah. And now I caught the cops. The cops came and of course the cops.
How do you know the guys were Jewish?
I said, I wonder how the Yamagot.
And they beat the hell out of these guys.
And I called the cops. I had my cell phone on me. I called the cops.
The cops came. They did like with no urgency.
Where did the guys go? You know, they don't put the lights on. They're stroking around the grove.
Yeah. And it was just disgusting. It seems like no one cares. No one does anything.
Well, now you got it. Now you got the a soft photo attitude, man.
Nobody cares. Just mind your own business.
$566,000, $566,000 on the AT&T line.
Like I said, there is, we found discovery today.
There is zero crossover between the morning and the show.
I mean, you know, what's the point of us doing that thing? I did yesterday. It killed four hours.
It was pretty interesting. You gave a lot of people a chance to take some cheap shots,
which they loved doing. But other than that, the waste of time.
I'll put the very Jackass column where it belongs, right in the circular file and the hell with it.
Because these bastards don't give a crap.
So anyway, getting back to the guy called two calls ago. So you did you see the channel 10 thing?
Were you telling me about it?
Yeah. It was a whole thing. It was great.
It says everything you've been saying about this country was confirmed the fact that the US is a police state.
Where the government controls every aspect of your life.
In the documentary, they talked about Sodomay being illegal and oral sex as well,
which is part of Sodomay, by the way, for those who don't understand what that means.
Also, if the government suspects you have drug trafficking, they have the right to ram your house doors down and create all they may have that you used to sing on TV without any warrant.
And the spoke of a case where the police made a mistake,
rated the house of a preacher, gave him a heart attack.
He died. They said, oops, sorry, wrong house. Sorry.
And it goes on and they showed countries like Canada, especially Vancouver,
where they have the cannabis cafe and people are allowed to smoke any cannabis and the Canadian police were interviewed.
They basically said, who cares what's the big deal and the same about prostitution, etc. and so on.
Maybe they should have gone to Amsterdam and found out what the real world is all about.
But you know, people are conditioned.
That's the way it works. They condition people into accepting a police state,
taxing people, harassing people, which is why we're smoking weed in here today, by the way.
We'll have no effect on your homo-sistine level.
So we're going to be locking the door in about 12 30 and smoking a few numbers near a few several.
I bet you're talking about his bond. There you go.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Do you think he's shaved his...Bong?
Mornings on 5 60 WQAM will never be the same.
Starting this Monday, it's the sunny Fox and Greg Buldell Happy Hour Review.
Monday through Friday 6 to 10 AM only on 5 60 WQAM premium beer.
You've found a red dog. You've chugged a red wolf.
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will leave you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember, you can't beat a red cock.
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front.
It's 11 43 at 5 60 WQAM.
The Hank Grover show out at the Adolphin camp.
How do you like that? Are you ready for that?
No.
While he's coming on anyway, 2 o'clock.
While it's to get you prepared for the big draft tomorrow, are you ready?
Ready for the big draft?
No.
And then we've got talking baseball, Donnie B. at 6 o'clock, 6 30, the Marlins and the Phillies
for the pregame show.
Are you ready for...I won't even ask.
Here is South Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Thanks.
You know, how are you?
I have so many things I want to comment on.
About three weeks ago, we were talking about who we think might be fags or not.
How about those people when you go into a pretty high class store like,
sex with Fabiny or something?
Always look kind of queerish to me, you know?
In sex?
Yeah, they come to you.
Sex with them.
Like, can I help you?
And you're like, go away from me, you faggot.
You know?
Second thing, I shave my ass, hope.
Yeah, maybe that's why it's showing.
560-560, £560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'll tell you the comprehension of some of the people is unbelievable.
What they said on the news report, on the show about the guy with the money,
that the fence of the panthers tried to show where the puck went all the way through
the other places in Pittsburgh and everything else.
Yeah.
And so what the defense did was they repudded by showing that those boards were tight
to the post the way that the...
They didn't say anybody moved the board at the panther.
Yeah.
They just said that the way that it was, it was tilted forward and that during when they called for the evidence,
they needed a determination that the puck couldn't have gone through.
Further forward, it was tilted and it stopped the puck.
I mean, correct.
They probably used it in goal a part of the year.
Well, we needed in goal.
Yeah.
And then the other thing was that they were dissecting the rules and it doesn't say...
It didn't say anywhere in the rules that the puck must go all the way through and cross the line,
only that it must go into that hole at some degree.
So that was the whole thing there.
I think it gave the guy the money and cut the crap already.
Just over the aggravation they gave him,
because I was there and they were all jumping up and down.
You won, you won and they're screaming on the paces.
Well, they showed all that.
But I don't see me, it was unbelievable.
So I think if they put you through that, then they got to give you the money.
I agree with you.
As opposed to saying, Oaks, we made a mistake, you lose.
Have a great weekend.
You too.
Given the FN money, okay Wayne, you cheat prick.
Okay sir.
This is like, I guess it's a puzzling question to me.
I was just pondering if they say you do a dri...
They say what?
Yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 out of 18 T-Wattles line against the puzzle will continue sir.
Here's a mobile and four-loader deal.
How you doing now?
Okay sir.
I heard Christine in this morning.
Yeah, you're the one.
I'm the one.
It was a pretty bad suck job.
And he endorses Goldie to take over the rain.
Absolutely unacceptable.
I mean, he did an adequate job out of difficult circumstances filling in there.
They don't need to be training and bringing somebody.
And they need to bring in somebody who's experienced who really understands the game and can make it exciting.
Not just some beginner, some punk.
Yeah, that's right.
But they played about two minutes of all his highlights, you know, of a crazy, you know, the reddit deck.
Oh, I'm happy now.
Are you serious?
Yeah, they played about two minutes of it.
I just about started to die.
You know what I wanted to do?
Yeah, that's right.
And, you know, he said it's the greatest job in the world down here.
And, you know, he's sorry to leave it, but, you know, he got to move on, he said so.
Yeah.
I think it was mutual, too, by the way.
I think it was like, oh, you're leaving Chris while we'll pack your sandwich.
I'm glad to see him go.
Because every time I listen to the game, he'd never give the score before he'd go to a break.
And that used to drive me nuts.
If you'd ever be a part of the score, he'd never describe the action.
But other than that, he was assimilating.
Yeah, I mean, you go to the store and get something, you know, to store real quick or something you want to hear.
To hear what the score to game is.
Yeah.
He got a break and, you know, you'd be sitting in the parking lot waiting to come back on.
He's trying to find out the score.
I never liked him.
I hope he never gets another job.
Okay. Thanks.
Thanks for the good news.
I'll pass it along.
Hope you never get another job, the guy said Chris.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got 600 open lines here.
For a minute there, a little about half an hour ago.
I thought we actually had this audience on crank here today.
But little did we know.
All of a sudden, but little did I know.
Miami Lakes. Hello.
Chris sucks.
Okay.
Here's my last call today.
Mobile and four-letter day.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Got this Spanish lesson for the day.
Okay. That's it.
That's the end of our calls for the day.
The nice being with you.
And this guy was telling me before that.
So one thing I'll defend Christine Moronda.
The fact that he was on there here in the between new and two every day.
Said he was begging for calls.
Why shouldn't he be?
I would hang the other day when he was out there at Chula's.
No calls.
And this is like two days before the draft.
Two or three days before the draft.
On the draft, the sixth station.
That's this town.
I'm not going to change it.
I can't manipulate it.
I've been trying for a hundred years here.
It's never going to change.
One dead head after another.
They just like an endless string of dead heads.
They bring him in from parts of the world that haven't been invented.
I haven't been discovered yet.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And as far as the Panther people, you know, I remember last it was in February, I think,
when that whole Buhaha started over the coach's show with the spokesman.
And it's been the same ever since I've been on the air here.
The only exception was when all the front-running phones jumped on the bandwagon three years ago
when they had the big playoff run.
Then all of a sudden, everybody was on the bandwagon.
That's all they wanted to talk about.
We were playing the song with Jolene.
We love you.
And all I crap.
But I couldn't dwell up any conversation about it.
Then there's no interest.
There is no interest.
So what's the point?
I mean, Chris Moore, even as much of a piece of news as my little dog,
got to very small one in my front room this morning, okay?
And they're on a par with each other.
That's how much these people care.
They don't give a crap.
It's not a part of their lives.
They have no interest.
No comprehension.
No understanding.
No interest.
They're busy shaving each other's balls.
Okay, don't you understand?
Are you getting it?
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, Nea. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to mention about your blood test you were taking.
Yes.
I had high triglycerides.
And what happened was they came to my house and did a little blood test
for life insurance policy.
Uh-huh.
So it was a little high.
And I said, let me go get a physical because I was turning 40 years old.
When did a physical may take the test again?
And it was up to 800.
Jesus Christ.
I say, wait a minute.
So the doctor right away prescribed me some medicine to bring it down.
Well, I was in the keys at the time.
So when I got back, I said, wait a minute.
I don't want to just all of a sudden get on this medicine for no reason.
Let's take it the third time and see what's going on.
So I did not take the medicine.
I went back to the third time.
It came out as a 90 reading.
So it was like a little over 100 or 150, up to 800 times of 90.
Yeah.
And she factored me saying, good job.
The medicine is working.
You're back in line.
I said, wait a minute.
I'm not taking the medicine.
I waited for this third test to just see.
So I went ahead and went to see a cardiologist.
And I did the stress test and everything.
And he just called me the other day.
And for the forecast, he had me go to Memorial Hospital.
I'll take the forecast.
Yeah.
Because the other tests were out of a lab with the results could have been, you know, bad.
Yeah.
Because where they're just saying so.
Yeah.
He said the fourth test were fine.
So.
Well, I had the fourth term.
When everything turned out okay, but I have no doubts about the veracity of these test results.
I have a homo problem.
I have to bring my homo levels down a little bit.
I want things to be a homo.
That's okay.
But too much of a homo is no good.
560-705-60, 0.560 on the AT.
So what that guy just say anyway, are we paying any attention?
Delray B.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I was listening to Manage yesterday after you were done.
All right.
He exactly, and there was some guy that called Bill.
I guess he called Manage a show quite a bit.
Well, that's the walker that's Richard.
That's not Bill.
I heard that.
uh... went to the post office i got back in the car and there's richard from
the uh... a one escorts right from the uh... mail prostitute on place
and he was pocketed trying to get about uh... the bar
and the state of the uh...
and then pain or i'm why they let him on the station
stations got the worst screeners on the other shows on the day
they let all these chronic people on all the time
how could that guy be on this uh... station
and i just want to say what the walker i'm on your richard okay how about using
your real name okay
while you're not out there walking this game over for whatever drugs maybe
left over okay richard
you pervert
you know what i want to get
go ahead you might be all the above but uh...
it what i want to see what
managed and shoot them down and i know that uh... manages your friends and
everything but this will never be a part of what he said he said he's had
been and different about it said it was all on
but he was talking if you heard earlier his comments about how john henry
isn't going to get a stadium it's very unlikely and about how he's gonna lose
ten million dollars and about how what he must be thinking of his brilliant
investment
yeah i thought it was a really bad any support in this town
for one time of tax money going to a bill of state in addition which if you
remember
john henry said i mean a lot of people say a lot of things
but he said why he was trying to buy the team that he would hope that he gets
a more system so in the building of stadium but if not he was prepared to buy
the team and to build a dome stadium remember that
i agree that i said i don't think prepared put up a shot up that's what i say
i don't it would have you know something even if they do build a dome stadium
they're still not gonna drop by and they're still gonna lose their ass
right i don't care if they build the uh... roman coliseum
they're the news for it Richard the Walker that you're talking about he can
afford to sit in the bleachers okay
but what about the peterum is that a lot of them you'll see in there
okay i'm happy okay give them a big kiss
say peter Clayton says hi
remember peter
five six seven oh five sixty
remember that peter peter pumpkin year well this is peter Clayton
you're five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
true story here's a davie hello
hey Neil how you doing okay sir
well it's all beats the other day and i walked into a coffee shop down there
and uh...
go bunch of the guys that were working there which i mean i'm not a
a bag basher homophobic or anything like that but these guys were so
we're i mean it was just
uh... made you disgusting you know
i would say the same thing for a guy who's mr macho man you know too much of
anything is bad what do you think now
what do i think about what
about you know i think i think you ought to stay away from south beach if you
want to find uh... ostentatious gotty queen and probably stay away from
south beach that's my suggestion
what do i think in other words don't you agree wouldn't you agree with me uh...
no no i don't go to south beach how about you sir what were you looking for
there we're looking for some muscle bound uh... voices that what it was
i mean other johnny brosachi is gone they know the a cost of the clear that
would be a better pickings five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the at and t wireless line oh boy we got a crowd today or
what i think i got a crowd uh
may must be my homo systine acting up again
a lot of people in the audience after that blood test result come and see we
always told him that he'll have a homo problem
and i must confess you were right i have got a homo problem
god dang it
Chris thanks for being with us well first off uh... before i got a thank donny
granted i ever need to resume to put together i'm gonna cause on e b
that was pretty nice a christmas uh... this will be your i guess your last game
tomorrow night and i know it's amazing y'all you're here from the start
tomorrow night be your last game and all that little plug buried jacks and
wants to do is like see who likes you and doesn't like you that's real nice
i mean it's just a real good media stuff that he's writing about i didn't see
that i don't know you know why would you talk to me sit and reach east
you think about that is ripped you for
six years yeah i know it but you know a lot of people are going to be a lot of
your for six years what are you gonna do you know that part of the business if
you don't want to take the he cannot kitchen and uh... you know i i'm
real happy with the way the six years went and i'm real happy with uh... you
know the job and and the people i worked with and uh
and almost everything about it so you know the people that that uh... uh...
choose to criticize or make it you know make it part of the
the fun of it uh... you know that's up to them there's nothing you can do about that
and uh... you know every decision i made was a decision i made
because i thought i was doing the best thing so that's all you can do as long as
you know you think it out and think that your style is a style that is uh...
gonna be fun to listen to and gonna be uh... enjoyable to listen to regardless of
the outcome of the game that's all you can do and and uh... everybody has a
right to the opinion outside of that you inspired a lot of people uh... and
brought them to the uh... radio air waves so with your calls during that Stanley
cup run which was phenomenal was that experience like the ukris all clearly
you know the photo most fun i had i mean uh...
inspired and like it and that building you know really would do sorry
the broadcast uh... not not gonna do so a lot of other good work but
fuck up your back we're all together and in their tight and uh... you know they're
just uh... you know it's cordoned off it's separate you know everything goes on
in a certain little area and you don't see the people you used to see in terms of
uh... you know just interaction day to day uh... it was much more of uh...
family type atmosphere back then you know we were sort of a little cult team
uh... people that like this like this and we all
uh... sort of hung out together and we all had to make that long drive down to my
army arena and then one one of the
it's different so everything about working down there at that time
uh... really was perfect is the perfect place to start a franchise in a small
building and and uh... loud building and great enthusiasm it was great fun
now let's go through these guys that you work with now because you got the
absolute lack of case now in mola but you go back
moana hand started and then you went to shabrie and now mola have a
few guys that uh... you work with over the sixty all different guys you know
and all all great i mean really
the morning morning was the at some classics the best was the call in the
afterwards when people ask them stuff about the game if you didn't know he
just say that i want to work
i can't think of it it's killing kill it time i can't what a
suck up job that all guy this is the same guy that talked about how these guys
were incompetent had no business doing a coach show couldn't interview the
spokesman and just ripped them in a s and about how they've asked well it's a
good thing you see because uh... i've been here fifteen and a half months now
and now they're not so nasty anymore so maybe they maybe they learned their
lesson maybe they stopped trying to be like me and be a son of a bitch and now
they just want to be a bunch of suckers okay because got almighty what a
suck up job that was man
got nothing to making decisions okay making decisions either you've got it or
you don't have it and Chris you don't have it you suck
you're embarrassing and then uh... default getting on the building up all the
excitement how can you build up excitement when you're not describing what's
going on
build up excitement by ass
what did this man ever say that raised the enthusiasm level
besides screaming hysterically and in coherently out of nowhere
after mumbling mubb dumpstown like that you know
that's how you call again no any sport no
dumpstown that's what i'm ready to do right now dump down i like just like
it the uh... eat and sit down on the floor after hearing that after hearing
that suck job from those three turds you know something that makes me even
angrier with default you just let me know next time it comes running around
this joint talking about hank okay hank has got his thing you know he's just
like all the rest of his he's far from perfect we all have our imperfections
but that goldberg show is heads and shoulders above that morning show
okay i'm not saying hank never kisses any cottage cheese as because he's been
making comparison between the hank goldberg show and this uh...
ass sucking fest in the morning that was it that was disgusting
nauseating and then here guilty and twirping his way to
out of the way to get out of the mad moon yeah yeah
god dump down right down your leg right on your shoe yeah now in the other
foot thank you
god almighty what a suck up job that one that's right little dog
how can i get a guy like him you know next job he's the shower the guys
turning to such a suck hold you know is it that big head could that could that be
the reason uh...
always thought he was a pretty good guy little dog you know but what i maybe
it's working with the other two that's uh... turn them into that
because every now and then in the past he used to be the one the one guy you
could count on might like stepo you know step out of line here because he was
not the payroll for the spokesman and the baldie etc and you could count on him
but i remember shortly after that whole episode last year he goes step right
in the line
changed the tune real fast
here's point and beach hello yes sir i want to tell you i agree with you with this
uh... christ war what a jerk
i don't understand how this guy can get on and not only that you talk about the
first team i mean i want to tell you i tried listening to them
once yeah for a week
and how long we know how to put on i mean this guy's no credibility yeah i mean
anything they say you can't believe in your secretary right they told a company
line they were for the same thing controversial
they were for the same somebody's not playing
you know up to what the expectation that mean everything is kissed this kiss
that and then you got out rush more head all he wants to do is find out who's
getting laid
right that's right that's right okay and it's it's ridiculous i mean i
it's the point i listen to that right i listen to rick and fudget of they go on
vacation i'm so desperate i turn our reneary
i'd rather have one of the booga that i don't know i'm with you
i mean it's crazy booga yeah hey listen what other thing
yeah something you haven't played in a long time okay
slam dunking donuts all right okay you begotten them okay yeah
squirt squirt oh there's renter a doing a squirt squirt booga five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one i mean yeah they can put on
whoever the hell they want they want to kiss his ass because he's going away
you know and then probably monday after he's out of town then they'll be telling you
the real truth about how he sucked now they won't do that they don't have the balls
to say that
to let a guy come in there and i realized he was directed to do it but
nevertheless he didn't have to go out of his way and make the extra comments
about they were unqualified to do the coach your show
and they were theirs and they were that and then they still bring them on there
and suck up to them that's the epitome of having no self-respect
those three in the morning no self-respect none zero-cibony doodah shame on you three
are you in the message no
here's Miami hello and yeah how you doing okay sir
long time first time uh new i've been listening to you show a past couple hours and i'm surprised
that uh no one has called in to talk about the retirement of the great one i wanted to get
your thoughts on that i talked about it earlier there's been no comment about that i saw the last
to part of the audible game last night i saw that unbelievable and even as much as i can't stand
gritsky it was a very emotional thing i even taped it i watched it again this morning and it went on
and on it came out for like about four curtain calls there they wouldn't let them leave it was
it was spectacular it was great it really was but i wanted to i wanted to know why there's not one
call and you want to know why there wasn't one call if Wayne Grevsky walked into their house
right now there aren't five people in this audience would even know who he was that's right
even with the number ninety-nine they've had the uniform on they still wouldn't know who he was
that's how much of a hockey town this is yeah you may have a point there but i want to know why
you couldn't tell him i know he called needle mills and everything well he just always used to kill
the leaves you know that's the way it is when players that kill your team you just uh develop
with this like for him yeah that's true plus plus i didn't like the fact that he was such a pussy
you know he never could take a hit every time he'd get hit he put his hand over his head helmet you
know it that panty helmet he wears and he go off to the bench it he was a dirty player but he could
dish it out but he never could take a hit and the and most of the things would stand around and watch
him and they wouldn't hit him and every time i see him playing in a game like when the rangers would
come down here i'd be screaming hit him somebody you know you know what i'm saying but there's no
question he's one of the four or five greatest uh whoever played the game four or five you would say
you wouldn't say one no i'd say bobby or i would say merriola mew and gordy how and uh Wayne
Grevsky but definitely bobby were number one but to see that he had more assists than the next
bobby were returned at the age of thirty because they messed up his knee and i mean and was a
defense man oh yeah they're never going to break a lot of Wayne's record there's no question
i saw a tribute they had on them on sports and and i couldn't believe that they actually showed
a uh an image where he dropped his gloves uh it was when he played with eminence and i couldn't
believe it i had never seen anything but i looked at it close because you won't see it again you know
i'm saying and by the way ESPN is going nuts starting on sunday night at nine until monday at seven
o'clock who do in twenty two hours of tribute to grevsky so we get plenty of uh see punty the older
yeah i got a shameless request yes sir uh that bit you have about the woman obsessing over the big
deck okay all right thanks a lot and have a great day goodbye Wayne Grevsky oh there you go
oh there's another one so many people are going with goodbye christ moron oh boy bokeh brine be busy
all weekend well wondering what what am i going to do time show man death they don't know me they may
not know you but i share the first three cuts on this new number one oh five i said like comedy
we all got a bd on them as in bokeh brine bird brain i kind of miss any meals bokeh just come
down and they're stopping so god in depressing depressing
yes this is doctor and when i want a fast break from the usual breakfast routine there's only one
place for me slam dunkin donut check out the all star line they got del docks and chocolate
thunder donuts wheelchim and a finger rolls and even moses malone one handed jam feels donut
hey doc how about a box that want to go yeah baby and give me a cup of coffee my wife medium one
off a larger one a larger one for no kareem please oh that's bad so make your best move to slam dunkin
donut we shove off food in your face wow what a nice deck thanks i love his deck it's so big i think
mine's bigger i've seen your deck it's not bigger when did he show you his deck over at his house i
was on his deck you wrote his deck it was before your deck your deck is thicker my deck was pretty firm
that you had a rock hard deck it's softer now one more you had his deck one summer for how long
did you want to go at the time but my deck bigger what is it with you guys in your deck how many
decks have you been on does it matter you just can't get enough deck can't you yours is the biggest
and the best okay i'm gonna you love my deck oh let me kiss it i'm gonna kiss you back oh yeah
it's my deck baby and stroke it oh rub my deck this is really kinky what i've never seen a woman
climb on another man's deck and rub his heart deck and stroke his worm deck doesn't turn you on you
never did that to my deck i love his deck oh yeah baby suck my deck oh yeah love my deck deck
sucker oh what's blintern just swallow never spit it out girl's love big hard decks on a man
girls don't like tiny rough decks big thick decks available at dicks decks so you're yellow pages
1217 at 560 w2m but by the way just filed out just somebody faxly some very interesting
information you wanted to know why jokas style of the side of the shave is nuts and nothing to
this real friend jokas style will be hosting the auto racing show tomorrow and every center day
6 to 7 a.m. on his show guess guess who we heard shaves is nuts rumor Jeff Gordon how do you
like that that's just a rumor but talk about monkey see monkey shave on freaking believable then
who was who was the other one was a clearance just a trend clearance no razor talk about
impressionable people heard about the conversation we had here yesterday because jokas style
of shaves is nuts and then we found out Tommy shaves is and Carlo shaves is and this one
Jan all these guys here in the building shave their nuts so uh clearance not wanting to be left
out i guess odd man out he went home and just to kind of give it a trim and his nuts too double
cut double
double
boy
probably 10 at 560 w2 q a.m. here's a mobile and point in v cello hello nia yes sir
what did it that you have against black people uh okay here's a hollywood hello
that fits right in hollywood yes i want if it's feasible to build a hockey goal made out of plastic
loose site that you could put neon inside so in goal and in the whole frame of the goal would light up
yeah there you go we could use that and take it my work and and have a nice day oh boy 5 6 7 0 5 60
we got 600 open lines for you here no waiting 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one lie
were we talking about black people today no not that i can recall until at the jackball call the
second to go maybe answer your own questions sir here's hollywood hello nia yes sir how you doing okay
said dang well the hockey uh this wing grudgy thing is kind of no i'm not said at all why not
i mean it's a great no i'm not going to do it i hate him like poison it's a big story but i
don't stop said i mean you know he's not going out like a clown like a lot of guys do
he's going out while he's still you know how to go here and that's the way to do it right but you
get a big guy that hang on and hang on like stand news you'll do i mean you know 10 Williams left
at the top of the game stand news you'll hung around way after his welcome was a war now when he
was finished you know right the wing grudgy shows a lot off of the game and a lot off for any team
that wants to sign them and you know the game is going to suffer because now you got guys you know
you still got to understand you got to understand just like Mary I mean Mary also had the Hodgkin
disease but a lot of these players don't want to continue because of what the game has become
clutch and grab clutch and grab the great players can't really do what they're capable to do
and it's really killing the game and of course Gary Bettman and all these other guys they're
they're a sit back like they're constipated they don't get it and you know they want they want to
do an increase the scoring this year so instead of getting rid of that stupid toe and the crease
rule which are Brian Murray by the way is one of the great proponents of that they leave it in there
can you imagine how many more goals we'd have in league this year if they would have gotten rid of
that stupid rule sure but you know the one thing actually is watch ESPN and all the other shows you
seeing all these highlights of grudgy in the past right in the past and they keep showing that one
goal where they nice to puck off Alex skate and leave from 1990 I don't want to see it
back but you know what they don't you know what they don't throw him during Doug Gilmore
exactly I know we're getting a five-minute major for doing that right and he winds up being there
in overtime all scoring the winning goal that's right I want people otherwise hate Wayne Grepsky
because it was a dirty player but he couldn't take a hit himself yeah that's that's the one thing I
don't like about him but anyway let me ask you a question and then he banks in that goal up they've
all escaped there in a last game that can make me want to but but he always did that he was a
leaf killer one man the rucking crew sure let me ask you a question we're a good place to watch a
game that's not at least in the playoffs this year we're gonna go watch a good game that uh
the bar over there by Pompato Park what's it called yeah no anything in Hollywood
huh in Hollywood yeah somebody will call in okay my I don't know some of your call all right okay
somebody you'll call a those games will be on the CBCA I mean Christina Morboh will be doing
a playoff hockey will see no no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
I mean talking talking hockey in South Florida would be like talking about how far at the North
pool it would be like going to India and talking about uh Otterlitzkampoyo you know I mean what what's
the point what is the point breaks my heart tears my kishkis out but it is never gonna change unless
of course maybe they'll bring a radio guy in here who really make it exciting and really get
people into it like you know let her at a really visceral level as they say and like uh
they'll want to know more about it they'll really they'll really eat live and breathe it and sleep it
here's a mobile and Davie hello hi Danielle how you doing okay sir uh Hollywood out
I was uh what is that uh Oakwood Plaza oh I have no idea where's that it's on uh
all right up at 95 between Sheridan and Sterling it spans the entire mile length okay that road
okay well there he goes there you go and uh Tallahocchi fans all two of them
go panthers there's always next year no okay always next year excellent uh whatever that means
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line there's always next year baby
just like I said last year there's always next year and now that was this year but tomorrow
that's all over with am I gonna be there tomorrow night no whoever I gave the tickets to enjoy
I have a great time if that's possible anybody want my tickets for tomorrow night's game I
already give more you sorry here's a mobile in North Miami hello hey Neil yes sir uh listen I
think you're helping these guys on the first team in the morning you know why keep talking about
them and the people that are calling in to complain about them yeah I want you to listen and so
that they can call in and and talk to you and I think you're helping them stop it great
that the other shows on this station don't do well on the ratings it cost me bonus money
I'm doing my part yeah it's it's part of our bonus we have a bonus for our own rating and then
there's a secondary bonus for how the overall station does with it that's right that's right
that's right that's right that's right that's right that's right one more thing I want to sum up the
draft yes sir offense pick Eric tomorrow yeah we're exactly oh I'm so glad this guy called I was
thinking coming to work today yes day morning they were back on that draft garbage again of course
and I was thinking of that day that the faceless voiceless personality less Joseph Gackie
here's the gackie stocks okay okay on iod I'm sitting there that they and remember in those days
they used to interrupt even during the week they didn't interrupt the show like a noon and the
various times during the day for these reports from dolphin camp at breathless and I can
remember the day hearing Joseph Gackie's voice come to that little speaker saying and Eric
cummero is going to line up for the dolphin and I thought yeah anybody seen Eric cummero lately no
I mean let's stop stop stop with the insanity okay get a freaking life sports nerds and the idiots
that they feed yeah I'm writing a book you know how they're stand wrote about the sports
gases sports nerds like yeah there's a good one I mean how you you ask yourself you look at him on
TV with the face that even a mother could hate like poison and with with just a total with that
bland dull sound of it that 50 cycle tone and you wonder how can this man be on the air how
is this possible here's a man who always points in the personality column he's a broadcaster
is he uh- Hello let's see that makes me a bad guy because I'm not part of this fraternity where they
all suck each other's ass you know I like them going on like Christine this is worrying about how
they were all great John Moynihan John Moynihan was great John Moynihan here's a mobile in Miami hello
Neil how are you great good I keep you saw that great interview between a rim job and uh
built already the other night no well toy had just gone on ranting and raving but how much
improvement they're gonna do in the off season I saw him interviewing a BM the spokesman I didn't see
a built no interview built or just before the game that unfortunately you had to attend anyways you
went on and on and they're gonna bring in this guy and they're gonna go after this guy and they're
gonna make internal you know you mentioned names no we didn't know we're gonna do internal
moves and we're gonna do external moves and a rim job takes look at Tori and he says to him
and I swear to god he says that you think you're gonna be active in the free agent market
and Tori had gone on for 10 minutes about how active they're gonna be this summer
Tori just staring at Rimmer going is there a brain inside that head maybe he was maybe Rimmer was
nodding off during his uh you know any chance you have that Joe Bowen call his Nikolai Boer
chef skew goal over the red wing I don't I never had that I have Bob Cole's call in that
goal which was very weak by the way well the Joe Bowen calls is the best call you ever made no I
I I well I can't single one out I mean every call he makes a spectacular which is hard to say but
I don't have that one I remember I'm the Doug Gilmore call on the overtime goal against St. Louis
and the playoffs in the first game when he circled around Kudai when he went behind on that and he
went one way and went the other way now Bob Cole because the crowd went so nuts and the CBC
uses more crowd noise I mean you couldn't hear Rob Cole at all but Joe Bowen's call on that was
a spectacular I have that somewhere well Joe Joe Bowen tells the story that he was at
Joe Louis Arena and you know there that their press box is right in the middle of the fan yeah
and these guys were screaming at him all game how bad the Leafs were yeah and then when
Horschef skew scored the goal he leans into some red wings ear and just started screaming bloody
hell I would definitely try and get back with the fan in Toronto plays it all the time okay I'll get
it thanks that's my good buddy Joe he's the best baby good seven made a good play to follow the
fight now a lot shot private did not hit away ball yesterday headed center for peril to the line with
the pair of Trump the blue line it's one nothing to a lot of I mean no Chris Moore you know
27 past noon at 560 QM I'll tell you Jeff Coney no Chris Moore either thank God he's a real man
a real guy with a ponytail I was thinking yesterday you know ponytail's I always thought we're kind
of like a face thing but all the guy I and people I know with ponytails are like real men like
Woody Graver Jeff Cohen Tommy well we didn't know about that I don't do my job as well when I'm
playing my party that's my back and I can't see what it is on the radio but it's a
long and thick pound out of power back when I was 14 I put him up at the room I scored where the
bathroom sink my mama bar's been I was talking been somewhere else he said you're gonna go blind if
you keep touching yourself all right now I'm ladling ladling ladling I'm then going back to my
room then going back to old Rosie my girl gave me the boom so now I'm stuck watching my
keep running porn mama said help no reply mad about a woman's guard she told me so
fly don't cross your eyes a little sick instead you're gonna go blind if you keep touching yourself
I'm just
baggeau
I'm a little older and a little more white.
It's hard to see where I'm shooting, because I got bad eyes.
Good book doesn't matter, but he does a sin against Jesus.
I'm a little older and a little more white.
I'm a little older and a little more white.
I'm a little older and a little more white.
I guess if it goes to church it's probably a 1234 at the 560 W2 QAM.
It's a lot cheaper than put money in there.
560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a fact from Rick, by the way, since I did not watch the report in ABC last night, but it sounds familiar.
A few months ago I saw a report also on ABC about the US government's attitude toward marijuana as opposed to the permissive attitude in Europe and Canada.
The reporter interviewed our dogs are, our drugs are, dungs are, barri macapherty, who stated the only reason people use marijuana is for the effect.
The reporter said when I come home from work, I have a glass or two of scotch because it gives me a buzz and helps me to unwind yet alcohol is legal.
The drugs are responded if you're drinking scotch in order to get a buzz, then you have a problem.
Needless to say I've never been more proud to be an American, not, says Rick.
That's right.
Oh, you know that nobody drinks scotch to get a buzz.
They drink because it tastes so good.
There you go.
Bourbon, that tastes pretty good.
Right, whiskey.
I can't say that.
Don't drink it to get no buzz.
That tastes good, man.
Like tigers.
Gorge, gorge.
Stuff.
And that non-alcoholic beer sure does sell, right?
Oh, that's good.
Not.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile line.
We got 600 open lines here.
And I worked 25 minutes before hang from dolphin camp.
Come on, let's have some draft talk.
Let's talk to some people who will not watch the draft, who will not listen to the draft, and couldn't give a flying crap less about the draft.
Do you think we'll get any of those today?
No.
No.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Now you listen to me.
You bastard.
Yeah, huh.
Yeah, you listen to me.
You bastard.
You say you bastard.
Yeah, you bastard.
Here's a mobile invoiting V.
Chill out.
Hey, how you doing?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Time to get some music out.
We've had a pretty active week here all week.
We don't want to overdo it.
They don't want to overdo it.
I got to work on my homo-sistine problem.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil, Eric Kumero.
No worries that.
Coaching a keyboard for Pembert Lakes.
Great.
Good place for him.
Eric Kumero is going to line up for the office.
All right.
I'm here.
How you doing, Joe?
He's one of his keyboard notchys.
One, one, one.
Yeah.
Hey, did you play on it?
He's notchys.
Can you play with a God smoke canvas?
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
You got it.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, they're all getting the weed out of today.
Of course, we've been smoking in here for the last 40 minutes.
Nobody knows about it.
And I just keep it quiet.
Keep it under your lid.
Yeah, man.
Keep your lid under it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
As we search one more time for anybody with a brain,
even with a little piece of a brain,
anybody with something to say about anything in the world.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello?
You're dead.
Yes, sir.
It's amazing.
You've got to work so hard to get a quality call.
Quality call.
When did that come in?
Well, this is true, too.
Listen, that drugs are last night.
It was so clueless in that actual...
Actually, the drugs are again.
Yes.
Stossle was talking to him.
What he said to him was,
well, listen, you know, when I come home,
I'd like to have a couple of vodka to get a little buzz going on.
That's right.
I just got this thing.
That's what I just got through reading, sir.
Have a nice life.
5, 6, 7, what did I just get through reading off the facts?
Jack asks.
And he's talking about the rest of the callers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one.
Well, now what does she want?
What is this thing one?
Come meet.
LA Bruffer.
Hello.
Yeah, what do you want?
This is your reading.
The magic once event show last night
where the 79-year-old pornographer
who was locked up in prison until he was 82,
they confiscated $6 million worth of sex toys and videos
and destroyed his life.
I sure hope they had a good time with him.
Well, the favorite agents were in those black masks,
so you never know who they were.
What was that ridiculous piece that you wrote
a few days ago in the paper?
What was that?
Oh, I don't know.
Neil, there was so many.
No, it was a big major part of it.
What about the kosher sex rambore?
Oh, the kosher sex rambore.
Come on.
Oh, everything is evil and you can't do this.
No, no, no, no.
You're exactly beyond the business.
Oh, no, oral sex is okay.
Every single one of you should tell him
the last time that Neil checked,
poor still ain't kosher, okay?
But he was smoking a cigar.
They're good.
Good for him.
I bet it wasn't from Nick's.
But it was from something that rhymes with Nick's.
The only thing is you were talking about
Swiftie Shindler the other day.
Yeah.
I believe he's alive.
I interviewed him last year.
Oh, did he call?
Swiftie Shindler, when do we ever call him that?
Well, that was his nickname when he was an Israeli freedom fighter.
Really?
Yeah.
He called any cities that busy a plane with it on
in the market all day.
He's not a well man, but you know,
he's going to be at least 110.
Somebody told him I was talking about.
He actually called in.
I couldn't believe it.
Well, I said, if he's still alive,
there's hope for the rest of it.
Everybody listens to you, man.
No, they just put it down because they're lighten their loafers, you know.
Have a great day, Ellie.
Kiss, kiss.
And quit writing all I craft.
Kiss, oh, trust me.
Say hi to your tongue.
Okay, that's the tongue lady, Ellie Breffer.
She's okay.
She's just two Jewish.
21 before I won it.
21 before one?
21 before one?
I told you it was a long week, God damn it.
Boy, it's much more like this.
I'm going to have to work up a vacation pretty soon.
Friday, you bastard.
You won, K-9 records.
If that makes Kintewawa from the Taco Bell commercials,
singing like you've never heard him before.
Which, of course, you haven't heard him sing like this before,
because this is the first time he's ever sung.
Today's hot hit.
Licky, my boy, 10 day king, gunat.
Oh, in Sweden, things.
The Taco Bell dog thinks today's hot hit.
It keeps you all the big hit you love.
sung by a little dog, you can put up with most of the time.
I like to bark.
So here I go again.
I'm on the back of the neighbor's call.
I like to bark.
So here I go again.
I'm on the drive to Utsiwawa.
That little Taco Bell dog has many wounds.
And you'll hear him express them all right here.
Walking time starts about the time that my brother can hold anymore.
We are, we are gonna be walking time to better find delicious before I cut those right on your floor.
Oh, I can't hold myself to hold their long.
That is why your car is so strong.
Oh, you're kidding.
It's a big piece.
The Taco Bell dog thinks today's hot hit.
It's guaranteed to be hotter than that last big beef burrito you ordered at the drive through.
Don't touch.
Don't touch.
Don't touch.
Police.
1245 at 560.
That's what I was screaming at tiny this morning.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
And we got the 200 open lines.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the mobile one line.
We're doing a heavy duty draft talk today.
It was that 11 year old kid with a great arm from the if salani Michigan.
I think that the dolphins let her take a real long close hard look at.
Here's a poppin.
Oh, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
It's Rob from Toronto.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
I'm alright.
Listen, I can't comment on Chris.
What's an in-crisp more?
Chris, I never heard him.
Good.
But, uh, we're looking at the bottom of the moon.
You know, we take for granted how we were surrounded by the best play by play guys in the world.
The guys who even the guy who invented it fostered you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Bill, of course.
Bill, of course.
And Bonzi is the best, the best whoever lived.
He's, you know, he's been doing the games for I guess 12 or 13 years now.
And it's more than just him as a broadcaster.
I mean, he's really into hockey.
He's got three sons.
They all play hockey.
Right.
He coaches hockey.
He writes up minor hockey column for one of the newspapers.
He's unbelievable.
Yeah.
And he loves it.
And we grew up listening to him.
We grew up listening to Danny Galivan.
We grew up listening to him.
But these people down here didn't grow up listening to any of that.
They grew up.
I know what they grew up.
Maybe they just didn't grow up.
I don't know.
I keep asking that question every day for the last 72 years when these people were, were, were they were before.
Well, I'd like that book by Dave Halberstam about New York broadcasters.
We supposedly have all these people from New York down here.
And I'm talking about Marty Glickman and this one.
And it's a very interesting book, even though, uh, Halberstam sucks up to everybody because he just a nice guy.
But it's a very fascinating book.
I am almost done reading it.
And then nothing.
There's that they don't know Marty Glickman from the Marty Shottenheimer.
They don't even know what I'm talking about.
And some of these guys, I mean, the play by play of some of the goals are as famous as the goals.
Right.
Like Danny Galivan calling an end to head rush by Gila Flurr.
Yeah.
Uh, what's his name?
What's his name?
Kelly calling Bobby Orres flying over here.
I'll be right over here that one more time.
I, you know, I was a great call.
But after the first 44,000 times, I don't need to hear it again.
You know what I'm saying?
What about five to your heal its collar of the 70s?
Paul Henderson, if I ever hear that again, like I said,
I do a good imitation of that.
You want to hear it?
No.
Okay.
And, uh, of course, the Borschevsky goal that one of your other collars, uh,
I never heard that you're going to call on that.
You never heard that?
No.
I was on the board because I worked at the, uh, at the fan at the time.
Yeah.
I was on the board that night when he did that.
No, I, I, I, I, I, I, do only what I got is the Bob Kool, uh, Colin Eggwell.
And it wasn't very, it wasn't very, it wasn't very, uh, the, uh,
Bob Kool is good.
He's not as good as you'll bow and Kool is good.
But what, the problem is when he does, when the Leafs are playing on the road,
he never, if the crowd noise isn't going to be sensational,
he always tends to call the goal with less enthusiasm than he would like if they were playing at home.
You know what I'm saying?
Sure enough.
And we had, uh, the CBC on strike, uh, month or so ago.
Right.
And Kool and, uh, Harry Neal.
I know they were, they were doing the games off TV and, uh, that was bizarre.
And the crowd noise and the, you know, you noticed it too.
It was, there was not good.
It was, uh, pretty bad.
I know we get, uh, crowd noise from the stadium they were in.
Well, you can, uh, the crowd noise, you can, uh,
the playoffs come in, uh, they made the, uh, technicians that offered they couldn't refuse.
Exactly.
Okay, pal.
One more question.
Yeah.
What do you get your, uh, your parody material?
Who, uh, is there a service that supplies that?
Yeah, Bellevue Hospital in New York.
A bunch of crazy people.
See you around, eh?
Take care.
Okay.
Spare some change, mister.
Okay.
We've got six hundred open lines on the board.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, we got to keep reminding ourselves we're in banana boat company.
They don't know what we're talking about here.
They haven't got any idea who any of these people are and couldn't care less.
And they're proud of it, by the way.
I see Joe Costello just brought in some lunch in between their shavings.
Yeah, in fact, he was not, he was on his hands and he's out in the hallway.
You know, they, we did the building up here on the third floor.
And evidently, the, uh, carbon has left some shavings on the floor.
Any and all shavings goes into one big time.
And by the way, Joe, I hate to break the news to you.
Jeff Gordon doesn't shave his nuts.
What are you guys?
Here's the mobile and pompano.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
Sorry, I don't know as much hockey as that guy, but I'm a curious question.
I have a friend, Toronto.
What do you expect?
Yeah, well, I'm really nice.
Very big of an hockey.
I was born and raised here.
So I mean, nice is not my forte.
But I asked a couple of hockey, so called knowledgeable hockey buddies.
And I was watching a game for the first time really concentrated in the other night.
And I noticed the guy, there's a guy standing next to the head coach,
with like an earpiece on her head set.
So he's talking to, he's ordering abdominals.
Seriously, man.
He's talking to people upstairs in the, in the box.
Create a play.
Or, uh, create a way or whatever.
We're talking about to, uh, you know, see what's going on and who's been naughty and nice and what's going on.
Life, he's doing all sports now.
You know, it's part of the modernization of all sports.
They all have the big headset on and they're talking to some of the goofball up in the, uh, scab.
But, but it's not like a football.
They can take 30 seconds to create a play or they creating, uh, they seem like they're drawing stuff.
They do that like during timeouts in between periods, but you know,
what plays the play, practice all week long and the good luck to you.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60.
You put on your left wing lock and you stick it in your, uh,
correct.
You have a good life.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the mobile one line.
We're looking for people who aren't going to listen to or watch the draft.
If we can find four or five of those, I think we'll accomplish something.
Well, I watch the draft.
No.
Well, I'd be listening to it.
Oh, well, I'd be here this weekend.
Oh, no.
Yes, I will.
Yes, I will.
Uh-huh.
Not going anywhere.
I'll be here in town, but I'll make a point.
I'm going to avoid anything having to do with the draft,
assiduously, whatever that means.
I'm going to be working on my homo-sistine problem assiduously, too.
See, everybody talks about triglycerides, cholesterol,
or finally, staring learned a little bit about that.
But most of these people don't know from a homo-sistine and say,
you know, I just bought this book by accident, eh?
You're going to take it into your own hands and your life, too, your health.
I'm trying to do that right now.
Believe me, it's the most important thing I can tell you.
If you're going to wait for a doctor to tell you,
and I said to my good-close friend, Dr. Mark,
when we do these blood tests again, one of the most important,
if not the most important thing, is let's check that homo-sistine level,
which I've never had checked before, and sure enough, there's a problem.
I looked at it and went, oh!
15.4, are you a crap in me?
Bad.
But luckily, I got the book here in my hand, Dr. McCulley's book.
And now I know what the hell it is all about and what to do about it.
People are dying out there because they don't have any clue what it's all about,
because everybody is exploiting them for fun and profit.
All the quack diets, all the low fat discs, and low fat discs,
all those pills that are supposed to make you healthy and thin overnight,
that just don't work that you might as well.
Flush down the toilet along with the money you paid to buy them.
Here's a mobile in Hellendale. Hello?
What's going on, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got to tell you something, bro.
I shaved.
All right.
But, you know, initially the first time I did...
How did your boyfriend like it?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, see.
I was going to tell you.
See, it's for work.
Right, guys don't shave their nuts.
No, it's for work, man.
Yeah.
I do, I do cyber sex on the internet.
So it's a little bit different.
So, you know, I've never been with a guy or anything.
It's all girls.
How do you know it's all girls watching?
I don't, but that's, you know, whatever.
Then you've been with a guy.
Probably been a lot of guys.
No, no, no.
How do you know that?
Well, because I know, or they...
Hey, whoever's on the other end of the internet, that's their business.
Well, yeah, that's their business, but you're with them.
What?
You're up close and personally.
I've got that touch on them.
I'm not touching them.
Anyway, it's in closing.
Can I call somebody?
Just take it.
Go ahead.
Gallon, Castano, your a dos bag.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay, put some close on, pal.
People are starting to talk loud.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Hank Goldberg at Dolphin Camp 2 o'clock today.
Donnie B. Talkin' Bay, Spa, 66, 30.
Marlins at the Phillies, they got to put up with that Kurt Schilling again.
They're probably going to lose again tonight, you know?
But hey, we don't care. We're getting used to it.
I sure don't care.
We're going to build that stadium for John Henry?
No.
Downtown?
No.
Uptown?
No.
Intown?
No.
No.
Mobile in Adventura.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are you discussing all topics today?
Yes.
Did you see the documentary that Mr. Child did on the men that killed Kevin?
No, I missed that.
Somebody told me that it was great, and they ran it for about 400 hours,
and by the time I found out about it, it was a history.
So to speak.
You can actually purchase it also, I think it's like a hundred bucks.
Let me tell you something.
You know, I've always been, you know, I've sort of looked at that thing for a far,
and I know a lot of people have had conspiracy theories.
I even went to the thing in Dallas, the school book.
Texas, you know?
You know, Texas looked at positive terms.
Yeah, and I saw the whole thing in actually a little museum.
It's actually a very emotional thing.
Anybody that, you know, like us in college during that time.
Anyway, this thing was absolutely mind-boggling.
There have been people going through.
There's a guy that does stress analysis for metals firms that did an analysis on this recruiter film,
and actually showed that one of the bullets, the bullet, actually killed him.
There's no way it came from behind him.
And you know, I set up there in that one.
Of course not. It came from the grassy knoll.
No, it actually didn't come from the grassy knoll.
This is the thing that blew it away.
I think there's a manhole there.
It actually came from below the level of a car.
There's a manhole cover that shows that you could be sitting like in a storm drain.
Yeah.
And all you had to do was walk back through the drains and let you out on the other side of that railroad bridge.
It really is worth it.
What about the puff of smoke behind the grassy knoll and the head of the guy behind that was a wandered around back there.
And all the footprints in the mud.
There was so much stuff that has gone on.
They're probably like three or four. They weren't going to take any chances. They weren't going to miss.
No. And I would really recommend that series. It was an excellent.
Now, where can I get that?
Well, you can just call this the history channel and buy it.
I think it's about $100 rolls.
Okay. I can handle it.
Okay. Thanks. Thank you.
Yeah, we had one other call on it.
Of course, you know, our people they don't want to.
They watch the history channel.
No.
They're watching Wilman Fred.
5670560.
We'll get through this Friday.
Whether you like it or not.
I'll get my homo-sistine level down.
Whether you like it or not.
What is this?
It says, may I.
Can I must have the tape of you put the lotion in the basket.
I'll pay for it.
Why do you like that?
And it also says.
$50.
Okay.
Here.
I'll give this to you, George, because somebody wants to tape something which you maybe can make a couple of bucks off of.
What you're always happy to do.
So come and arm and leg.
Okay.
They want tapes.
You want tapes?
You're going to have to pay through the nose, baby.
12.56 in QAM.
WQAM.
My heavy boy daughter Dale.
It's the water to kill our.
Baby, baby, the largest baby, hail.
Baby, baby, the largest baby, hail.
That's true for this guv.
That gets me packed with Dale.
What was I supposed to do now?
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
I'm in the killer's dumps.
Wanna one at 560W Idiom means you're all set.
Gonna stand where not you, boys.
Okay
Just don't be calling the talk shows, okay, please Cox please. Okay, where we going let's go to Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Are you doing okay? You got a couple of questions for you planning on any moon of Vegas
This coming here neither of us have been the Vegas. We got three choices and I want you to tell me which one MGM
New York, New York, and the Mirage MGM no question MGM my favorite that's value
What do you mean? Well for the money. Well, they're all about the same MGM about the restaurants
Emmerls or Gatsby
What was it? Emmerls. Oh
Emerald you mean? Emerald again. Exactly. It's kick kick his ass up a notch and go to the other one
Go to the ass. He makes me sick. Actually, we want to puke
His wife he was banging everything that moved his wife said goodbye Emerald. Okay, kick your ass up a notch like right out of the house
Have a great time pal. Thanks buddy. You'll love it. Bye-bye
Emerald a gas to go there. I mean that that is just
So sad that's the American effing way right there and by the way the the people are really no great cooking
They say his recipes none of them make any sense. He's the worst cook in the history of mankind
I'm sure that he has you know real chefs that they're all the stuff in his restaurant
Let's kick it up a notch. Yeah, I'd save another
Piece of crap. At least he doesn't have a big ego. Yeah, right
5 6 7 0 and that audience of his man they must they must be putting something head like there must be doing something with the brownies
You know I'm talking about and then we put the cool and stuff. Yeah, right go back to New York okay, Emerald
You notice you open up in New Orleans. That's where his big restaurant was before we started branching out
They kick his ass out of New York and a half a second
All right, he's there now to he's all over the place like a disease
Here's a four-letter deal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
We want to talk about hockey. Yeah, what do you want to talk about sir? Let's talk about what do you want to talk about?
Are you in the sack? Are you awake? Yeah? Yeah, well then speak like put some effort into it articulate open up your
Emmer the galaxy. What is it? Are you jealous? Yeah, I'm jealous him because you got a lot of money
That's why are you do you got a lot of money? Don't you make a lot of money? No, I don't make nothing. I don't make squat
What did you call about sir before anybody mentioned emmer the gassy? What was your material? Let's hear it
I just wanted to just want to open up a stupid dumb mouth is what you want to do. Okay
You idiot you simple then go back to bed. Oh, well, I like I said just put your head down something. He's already in the sack
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
What I call the follow best he was the best. Hey, I've been in another degenerate the draft sucks. Yeah
I've been here since 56. I haven't seen a dolphin heater panther game. Yeah, the transfer waste of energy man
The draft is a waste of space it's a waste of time and the people are the buggerness radio station
What's going on on this station for the last day after day after day and we'll go on all day tomorrow
Is only to help make us some money so we can pay wean but other than that the biggest waste of time in human history
Well, I'm sorry. I'm not helping your bonus, but I can't take those guys in the morning. Yeah, can't do it
Hey, I know it's not
Requests right you ever when sud starts in the morning. You might like that
That might be something I might do it. Yeah, I could I could do Rick and suds early. No, just suds. Oh
I can take suds
Says what 10 words and how the can't appear. Uh-huh. Hey, could you play trained Austin my kids and engineer up in Illinois and like
Dedicated to Austin. What the hell is that sir? But oh, kiss her butt. Yeah. Well, I mean
Tell me something I might understand and then I can relate to it
Well
Yes, but
I'm gonna go to Illinois Central Railroad. Okay, fuck her up. Hey, damn. I have a great life. No step on the song
I was right no
Train
Oh
Oh, and the very love that laid a set next to mine
When she got a pretty
Just to fight
But hold her face
I was more than happy to
And now there's more I'd like to do
I want to keep her butt. That's good. She won't let me
I want to whisper
We stop in the winter
All right
I want to hold her behind
I want to keep her butt. She won't let me
When she returns she says she was an actress
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening
Would she then fit in the long
She's been just gonna keep her face
But I
Clear
The kind of girls
Heart
Right
Let me
I want to
Just lick them
Well
Okay, how are you
Well, I'll never forget the train ride down the
We're saying
And we shared our tales
But as my heart starts to leave her behind
The breath
It's great
She won't let me
I want to
I want to hold her behind
Those doors
And I want to keep her butt
I want to keep her butt
I want to keep her butt
She won't let me
One old age is five
60 years ago
My 30s would be a big night at Pomato Park tonight man
I can feel it. I can smell it. I can feel a big bulge in my pocket
It might be my wallet or I'm telling you
I blew it again baby once it
Drive with somebody else's 20 dollar bill with somebody else's
Blow it was you know he's blowing it
Somebody else's 50 bucks only 50 dollars
115 at 560 WQM we got the open line to know where how do you like that we got a bunch of calls in there
Let's take a picture of it just go home
That's a miracle
They come they go they're on they're in they're out here's Miami. Hello
Hey, buddy, can't go to the finger. No, yeah, come and finger
That's a make-cool
Here's a mobile and candle hello
Hey, you know, how you doing man, okay? Hey, we all know that down was gonna use somebody else's penis for that whore, right
What is he was gonna use borrow somebody's penis somebody else's penis right? Yeah, yeah, listen to Neil
If you're just digging how does one shade one balls very carefully? I would assume
Because I don't know about it. I mean, I do it to my girlfriend. But she ain't got no balls. Right. I understand that
You know what I mean, but I hope not yeah
In my case a little bit of hanging there. You know what I mean. It's kind of dangerous. I guess
Yeah
So listen you as far as the draft is concerned
Okay, let's go to mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
How you doing?
I just starting to see if you know yes
I mean you I mean the last two go ahead
Listen, I got a I know you know about hockey, but I may as a question when they when when the put goes down the ice and
Daily what how's that called when it does what?
Daniel it goes in what?
what
It goes in what?
Maybe you can nearly how's that?
So what language are you speaking what word English man English listen when the puck goes down the ice and goes in what?
Brackum. It's like I lose. Yeah, okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th deal like I said three in a row from higherlia from Westland
Well, they must be the guys in the T-Rome. Yes, I
Thought I heard the sound of a pneumatic drill in the back
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I'm not quite mobile. I'm stationary in Miami. Here's a stationary in Miami
Well, you have a trifecta there of winners
For a three six in a row. Yes
I wanted to change here slightly if I could do a
this jack of working in
Travis. Yes, you know this grace what a disgrace
You don't intent supposed to be a crucial element and don't confuse the judge
She's a very hard-ass bitch and she's decided he's broken the law and don't give her any excuses
And he's gonna go to jail and he'll croak in jail and yada yada yada yada yeah, I mean listening
You don't even have a right to determine your own fate
What kind of a country is it that you can't decide when you want to die? Okay?
You're dying of a horrible
Painful excruciating illness you want to stop the pain and a guy comes along
You you give air me dying. You ever made your life just for somebody help you stop the pain
And this bitch of a judge says you're going to jail and it makes you wonder how I mean listening to her ruling
That's the American fucking way right. She was obviously biased a hard-ass bitch
That's right and makes you wonder how in part so she was when she
Excluded testimony. I said let's put her out of her. Let's put her out of her misery. Yeah, she's a candidate
That's what I say. Yeah, but anyway, I think her little baby. I know you don't like to rehash her up to the tube
I
Know you don't like to talk about old subjects. Yes. I talk about anything
So whatever you want if it's interesting if it's fascinating if it's bizarre if it's grotesque whatever you like
Well, I don't know if you remember that man the call yesterday that said your numbers were played
Of course I remember that guy because the people are lighter. How can I forget that all these people lighten the loafers out there
Well, how does the account for all those years when you were still in the closet?
I'm having been in the closet for like 21 years. I really it's been that long. Oh
But just the idea of it the notion of it is so ludicrous with the tremendous closet audience
I've got of people that would never admit that they listen to this show
There is another show that's ever been on the air in this market
That's got the kind of closet audience that I've got because we live in such a juvenile immature country
Well, I'm sure you'll I hope you're off for another 20
Well, 20 minutes have a great day
Yeah, I mean like you know in this silly ass thing. It's like a run and more on thing man
Oh, if you watch a movie and somebody attended his gay that must make you gay if you go to the record store and a guy behind a counter that brings up the
Or sale his gay that makes you gay
If you go to the guy the ambience and the lifeguard is a fact all of a sudden you're a fag
Like if you go to the early bird dinner and there are bunch of old farts and they're all of a sudden you become an old fart
I mean, where is the logic that paranoia the hysteria this stupidity the ignorance
And you know what that's the American
Just refuse to grow up baby refuse to grow up and like I said before I don't know any straight guys
Shave it or any like I said any queen shaving their balls except the one you mentioned
Seriously, that must be a straight guy's thing. That's how real monster to me. Well, I'm shaving my nuts with a lady pick
What I always thought I never heard in my life until a Joe made up this bull crap yesterday
I think we got sucked in if I can say that there's no way in the world
No way in the world that all of a sudden all these guys are I mean
I realized that they've been you know brow beaten a lot these guys and they're under a lot of direction aren't making a crap worth of money
But how how insecure do you have to be how
Impressionable how silly of a person you have to be this is there somebody else tells you they shaved them hair off their balls
To go home and start shaving a hair off your balls
I'm doing it this week. So suppose suppose Joe Castello come in here and said that he enjoys squatting on fire hydrants, okay
Suppose he's like into that that water business, you know, I don't want to get to graphic here
Maybe he like on hooks the hose there on a fire hard. You know what I'm saying
Yeah, maybe he's in that heavy pressure up the old rectum. Yeah, I don't have to do that. We have a bidet
Exil like I'm saying he likes the real bidet the whole the whole city bidet. That's right
Squirt score big time big time squirt. I can just see all these other guys out there with a goddamn monkey wrench
Mocking around out there in a corner with a goddamn fire hydrants
Trying to shoot 50,000 pounds of water up there. Oh wow. That was really something
We got millions and millions and millions of sheep making all those buying sounds there by you can hear it
Bleeding buying sound. No, we know why some of the sheep are making those sounds. That's probably over in Fort Myers
Here's Miami. Hello
Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm not I would never be ashamed to admit to listen to your radio show
But it seems like you're afraid to admit that you like the graphic it's every years ago
I saw you with the drafts signing autographs. No, you have not I've never been with the draft
Yes, I have an autograph picture of you at your Robbie Sadio
Well, if I was at the draft it was a station thing that I had to do
It's not because I like to draft and if I was there signing autographs how can I pay an attention to the draft? I hate to draft
Well, it seems like let me say it again, sir. I hate to draft
You're an asshole, okay, but you're still listening and thank you so much for listening to that hypocrite on the radio and sucking around for an autograph you jackass
Hate the draft you have to be deaf to care about the draft and you know that he's talking about
Exactly the it was the day that we were out there with Randy and we had to go out there because they were bringing the
Crew in there to do the those TV spots those awful spots and nobody ever told me we were gonna be on
Remember that and I said to lose the accident honey
That's the reason we were out there is because we were shooting promotional TV spots for IOD
That's the reason over there, sir. I hate to break the news to you
And I said at IOD and I'll say it on this station the draft is a waste of time
But let's only pray that Eric Kumuro can line up for the offense again someday
There's a guy he stopped amen
Just get hysterical and shoot me out and give me a bunch of crap. Oh, I can't handle it. Can I can I handle it? Yeah, just give me the check, okay?
loser loser loser loser
Here's my me beach hello
Yes, sir
I didn't want to talk about the draft, but that's what you're talking about
I'm not who the house says I'm talking about the
Oh, no, just that last call. Let's talk about what you want to talk about talk see or another one of these guys you're on hold
You called for a reason. Let's talk about your thing and that this last jackass
Yeah, see like I said no material another spick your people, baby. That's all their material
My icon my icon my icon cool. Oh cool. Oh cool. Oh, Bingo. Bingo. Bingo. Bingo. That's it
Welcome to South Florida folks three words. That's all you need to know and all of a sudden you're right in there, baby
You're right in with the in crowd
What I'll but talk about but your losers
Man wait till those ships come to take him back. Oh, are we gonna have a party?
Whoo
Wait till I bring all the old Jews back one is number he calls a lot actually. What does he what's his number
Mighty corn. What's his number that little mighty corn three oh five. Yeah, Dave County seven three what is it six seven three
five six five oh five six five oh
Well, maybe if you call him got a lot of calls on the log for him
Oh a million of mine a log from him. If you call him up at six seven three five six five always that correct
Maybe you can call him mighty corn and you like to do it back or maybe just get make a date
How do you guys out there six seven three five six five oh was that it?
Yes, then we keep a log of you misfits out there a little bit of a log
Just like you probably got between your legs a little tiny log and the previous mighty corn call
We also have his number but that was a business. I already spoke to the boss
So we're gonna give them a chance. Go get his ass far good
See all your spits out there that can't contribute anything to mankind that have nothing better than do than try to show you all your little boyfriend
How much are you are we know you're a bunch of little faggots
hanging around peeking through glory holes
We know what it's all about you're not fooling me. I got news for those aren't no angloser in Westland
Talk about pennies from heaven
You
Se
Shhh.
Shhh!
Shhh!
Shhh!
Shhh!
Hey?
Shhh?
Shhh?
Nah.
No!
Shhh!
I'm going to be doing a remote from Westland on Monday as a matter of fact it's kind of
coincidental with some of the calls we've had this hour.
It's going to be coming out there for all you fag hulios out there.
You want to have a hell of a crowd for that.
Here's a mobile info letter.
Dale bring your own drill for a lot of deal.
Neil, yes sir.
I got to tell you you put up with a lot there.
You're paying for their neppness in the morning.
Those guys to compare them to the three stooges and like compare in secretary to a plow
horse.
Yeah.
People don't listen to them because they listen to the the the the talented they want to
get a couple of scores in the morning.
I mean how hard is it to say Florida and Levin New York for Milwaukee or Vermont for
nine to four.
I mean it's like it's turn and you're paying for you should be taking their money.
It should be paid to you that they think anything over 22,000 a year you better say some
about it.
Yeah.
I got news for you.
I'm certainly like the first book that I was here.
I had such humongous numbers that everybody made their full bonus.
Okay.
And I deluded myself into believing that that would be that way all the time.
And now my numbers are still very high, but I can't bring them up above the level where
we can bring the whole station up.
You know what I'm saying?
I can only my back is getting sore from trying to lift up the whole damn operation and especially
that very weak morning show.
You know if I have one more time, I mean put Chris.
I mean put Chris in and more on on.
I mean it's stuck for six minutes.
That's got to be just unbelievable desperate.
I got an idea though.
Let's be sure.
You can do top of the radio.
One of the you know one of those three clouds.
Yeah.
She was good.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
She was really big.
Aaron.
Wow.
That's a crap.
That's what the Bob Green said.
It's a crap shoot.
I'm actually a lesbian.
Well, he must have caught on me early because you didn't do nothing sweetheart.
Talk about a bomb.
I'll tell you what.
That one there.
She's like another big fat egg in the afternoon.
Big enormous bomb.
Yeah.
When I think back of all the great talent that's come through this town in the 23 years
I've been here.
Oh boy.
Didn't just like just like a nonstop like a like a revolving tour of unbelievable talent.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
The talent that should be together is D.Fo and Mad Dog.
I know that's probably not possible.
I guess because he has a job or whatever.
The Mad Dog has a job in the day.
Yeah.
Right.
I said yesterday they all open up a blank check and give it to a mad dog.
Exactly.
The other thing was when you do that signing if you ever seen those bumper stickers that
a lot of old Cuban tab it says no Castro no problem.
Yeah.
Well since they're all kind of closet queens anyway you can have like something that
says no vagina no problem.
Okay.
Well we're working on it.
Okay.
I'll put Sam on it this weekend.
Good.
And the assignment too.
That too.
All right.
Neil.
Have a great day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 to like somebody pulled a plug there maybe somebody was looking over his
shoulder at it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in bouquet.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I heard that time.
What kind of what kind of a phone is this crappy one the worst.
Yes.
I've been playing with Tanner.
What is it?
I've probably been playing.
Yeah.
Where's he coming back?
Tanner's coming back.
Give me a new phone pal.
I'll talk to you someday.
Tanner's coming back.
Tanner in the morning.
What?
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Tanner and SUDs.
What's wrong with that?
Huh?
George is in their life and God.
Damn it.
Yeah.
I say not a bad dealer.
Tanner and SUDs.
Let Rick sit over there on a stupid talk talking stock market crack all day.
Nobody wouldn't sense a humor once here.
Something talking about the goddamn stock market.
Oh, the dials down seven points, by the way.
How is theนะ is doing huh.
Down 15.
See all of those arrows going down going down.
Going down, I don't like up up up up up.
Come on up up up up up up up up up.
At least till the last three minutes, last three months of the year, we're on the Y2K
panic site in after those two movies come out this summer and everybody start screaming
and carrying on like a bunch of vans and starts hoarding all their groceries.
You think it's bad when we get a hurricane warning of 50,000 miles away?
When Brian Rorckar starts hyperventilating, wait till you see when these Y2K movies come out
and the year starts moving along toward the end of the millennium baby.
They're gonna be hoarding everything. They're gonna be hoarding toilet paper.
In fact, they're gonna be having to go see that Madonna broad there at the convenience store.
The one that's snapping the gum there. Still short.
But, seriously, that's spot. I could sit on, forget about all the shows that are on TV.
I could just sit on them and watch that over and over and over again.
I'm gonna tape that. I sure hope they're still running there. I'm gonna get the audio from that.
And just play it over and over again.
With the organic, the dramatic organ music, you know, they're making the decision.
They're looking at the six pack of Bud Light and the toilet paper.
And they finally decided you see the Bud Light is rolling down the conveyor belt
because they just have enough money for that. And then that skinny Gilbert like punk there.
That retard. Paper or plastic? Paper.
Hey guys, need a receipt and they just whip that thing out of our hand and they'll receive too.
Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes. Yes, sir.
Neil, hi. A long time to listen.
Right. I have some news. I have some breaking news.
Okay. I work for a national chain of labs.
And maybe even your test was done there.
I'll tell you where my test was done.
Where? Lab Corp in Tampa. Oh, they suck.
Oh, they suck? Yeah.
I work for the competition.
And it turns out that I'll pull it bottom. There's a person that draws blood from you.
Say it again. I play a bottom.
It's a person that draws blood from you from your vein from your arm.
Yeah. I don't know what this guy's talking about, but obviously not something we can put on here.
Like something slanderers. I have no idea what you're talking about.
Okay. We have an open line in the summer 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Maniac.
I'm going to put that on the ear.
Here's a Hollywood. Hello.
Hi, Neil. My name's Mitch.
All spot.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. All I can say is.
Oh, for that 23 before 2 at 5 60 WQ.
All these guys out there know what we don't get to cause the tube busy with the razor in their hand.
They're listening. They just can't put the razor down.
They're shaving it and they're nuts too.
On breaking believable.
This is she Gordon Lydia and they don't come anywhere.
First, the Neil Rogers.
I'm going to put that on the ear.
And then it gets into the hole.
I'll have a hole in the hole.
What's wrong with the throat?
We're just standing in the back.
As you both enjoy the show.
It's changing when it's in the back.
Oh, the glory.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
I have my throat in.
You take my time, run low.
And I stand here, stirring in.
The glory holds.
I hope it's nobody I know.
As that's what I have to bear.
I hope he knows enough that brought us his king.
But then again, I didn't feel like he'd seen it.
I have a hell without you.
I'll just walk this at the bottom.
They don't know where they're going.
143 and 552.
We don't have a show live from JC Penney's in Westland right outside the number three T-room there on the Monday.
So everybody come on by and take a peek.
Here's Holly Wood.
Hello.
Hello, New.
Yes, sir.
I don't hang up.
I want to ask a question.
What does that mean?
Don't hang up.
What do you always hang up on people?
You never do me to talk.
I hang up on people if they don't want to have a conversation.
All right.
Do you have a conversation?
Were you ever molested as a child?
No, I was not.
You sure?
Positive.
I'm sure there's a higher percentage of homosexuals that got to start when they were a king.
No, no, they were not.
Yes, they were.
Not anymore than half-fifth.
I'll guarantee you right now there's a lot more heterosexuals that were molested as children and homosexuals.
Not even close.
That's not okay.
So what happened to you?
Nothing happened to me.
What happened to you?
Did somebody do something?
Did somebody do something?
Why do you like it today?
Did somebody spray paint?
I don't like anal sex.
I don't do anal sex.
Do you?
Do you do anal sex?
Sir, do you do anal sex?
I hate anal sex.
What a taking or giving.
Taking or giving.
I don't try to give you a kiss.
Now what happened?
Did somebody spray paint you when you were born?
Did somebody spray paint you?
Do you want to have a conversation?
You're just a dumb spook.
Is what you are.
Isn't that what he is?
A dumb spook.
Pathetic.
See one thing about the minorities in this town.
Do we have any minorities who can call us, show, and have an intelligent conversation?
No.
No matter which minority you're talking about, how many younger slogans have called since this war broke out?
Any?
No.
No.
No matter which minority you want to pick on, they're all the same in this town.
Bozos.
Didn't mention this stuff.
Why are you listening to this show, sir?
It must be a joke.
It's going to make you win away a homo.
Don't you understand?
You keep listening to this show.
Probably the next time you step outside, somebody is going to molest you.
Somebody with a magic wand.
Somebody with a pink dress.
Some guy with a magic wand.
They'll go poof and you become a homo, a flamer.
You'll start listening to the live of the Menelie Records, okay?
And watch the old Joan Crawford movies.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you going?
Okay.
I have a new song for Wayne Eising, Chris Moore and the organization.
Yes.
Waa, waa, waa, waa.
And I near my ball.
Here's St. Petersburg.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
Long time, man.
I've been doing it for six years since I've talked to you.
I mean, miss you up here in these parts.
I mean, I don't want to hear about those parts.
Let me ask you a quick question.
Okay.
That part of the state is just to the end of the world.
You're right.
Okay.
A question for you, though.
Is, uh, cockle boomer.
Is she still around?
Yes.
She is.
Does she call you?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, I'm catching you on, uh, near Rogers.com.
So, right.
One thing.
One last thing.
The, uh, cockle boomer.
The, uh, right.
The only difference between...
They don't take any bulls**t on them.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
The only difference between the, uh, blobs turn the Titanic.
It's take a little...
Okay, great.
We don't want to hear about the blobs, sir.
He's trying to tell you that, sir.
That's why I don't like talking to people from that area over there.
We don't care about the red blobs, do you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop in the name of Pete.
In the name of Blob.
Nobody here cares.
Nobody here knows who that is.
And if they did, they still don't care.
Stop.
And you wonder why that S.U.
went experiment over so big, huh?
Oh, God.
Forget about him.
He's a broadcaster like my miniature picture is a goddamn brain surgeon,
which 430 of this afternoon, by the way, he's then the operating amount sign eye.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to ask you about O.J. Simpson.
Do you think that's all publicity, or do you think there's really any valid truth to that?
About what?
That story, the other day?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, I don't know, but I don't know.
The media must have thought it was a publicity stunt because it got about five words
and was buried at the bottom of the page.
And I was, I was thinking that last night.
Isn't that great that the media didn't get sucked into that?
Yeah.
The police must have taken ten hours to get there, too.
Uh-huh.
And then they probably asked where the body was.
Right, exactly.
Anyways, it's crunch time.
Hopefully our Maple Leafs will do well in the playoffs.
And God bless you, Neil.
Oh, I didn't have a great life.
He didn't say it's crunch time, did he?
Oh, no.
He didn't really say that.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
He couldn't have said that.
Here's a mobile and Delray V.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
What are you saying, man?
What it is, sir?
Come on, let's go.
We're short on time.
Let's hear you.
It's about that 25 year old white guy.
I guess I'm on minority.
I mean, on 836.
And my oldest brother is a homosexual.
He's been out of the closet about our 15 rears.
And when I hang around with him and his girlfriend,
I don't feel like I'm going to get nuts, you know what I'm saying?
So I don't think...
I'm afraid...
If you do, be sure and shave him.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Delray.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, you're talking about the TV commercial, the Bud Light commercial?
I love it.
They have another one out that makes that one look lame.
I don't know if you've seen it.
It's a guy on a beach and he walks up to a bar because he's old.
Looks very hot in Thursday.
Yeah.
And his assigns his must have shirt.
He's got no shirt on.
Next thing you see him walking in the bar and everybody's gasping because he's got his bathing suit on as his shirt.
And at one point he drops a queen.
If he drops his chain.
Yeah.
And as he bends over and oriental fellow jumps up and takes a picture while the rest of the crowd goes on.
I like it.
Back to.
Exactly.
Beauty.
I'm sorry, it's during the sport.
It's typically during basketball games, actually, it's.
But it's terrible.
I want to watch some basketball.
I'll have to do it.
Check it out.
Okay.
Bye.
Thanks.
Still short.
Now, still short.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
In fact, that was in the tea room this morning taking a leak and there was somebody there.
Still short.
I said, what the way you're expecting anyway?
Are you will log?
Yeah.
