Yeah.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM, Miami-Port Lauderdale, presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh my God.
Talk to Neil, call 560-0560, call free for date and rarer.
Or count 560 on yourself.
Oh right.
In the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
He was his ward.
Not his pedophile.
Brow knowsing time starts about the time and your boss steps right through the door.
Yeah.
Brow knowsing time don't you know what a bad is.
What the fatties think about as cold or cold.
Brow knowsing time tell them next things that make me feel harder than not to cry.
Brow knowsing time drop right down to your knees and just hit him drunk.
That is how you are gonna get ahead Even though you must find traffic these days
Who can't tell you the truth is already a more friend?
Brown-owning time, it's you or you people out
The cars you use from back there
This is how you're gonna get the way you need
Do it every time throughout the week
Make sure that you don't stay there one week
And for me
Brown-owning time, you'll move up the ladder and someday someone will be kissing yours
Backed home, yeah, something like that
Hey, stupid!
Boy, I'm telling you, what a suckhole I heard yesterday driving home, I'll get it in just a second
Happy safe Patrick's Day, everybody
What is it all about St. Patty's Day?
I'm getting green beer, getting green in the face, green ham and all that good Irish cuisine
What is Irish cuisine, by the way?
I got up this morning and of course I realized it was St. Patrick's Day
Because I felt kind of queasy
Huh?
Isn't that how you're supposed to feel on St. Patty's Day or is that how the Irish are supposed to feel every day?
A little bit queasy, a little hungover
And I'm thinking to myself, how come like there's no such thing as
Tadian Day, right?
There's no such thing as Schwarzer Day, I mean we have Martin Luther King Day but that's the honorary specific person
There's no Jewish Day, there's no Goliath Day, there's no Polish Day, no Spic Day, no, no, no,
Spic Day, right?
No French Day, thank God
I thought that was best deal day, no Tremend Day
No, you were Slavian Day
So what is the significance of St. Patrick's Day?
Do we know is this the day that the snakes all, huh?
That's all they know about
Potatoes, boiled ham and snakes
And then this morning I thought, I thought at least give credit for the Irish that they were a little bit classier than the Scottish
I thought that was the Scottish thing with the bagpipes and the kilts
Huh?
And they go together I guess like boiled eggs, ham and snakes or something like that
And good green beer and green in the face
What is that?
Why do we have St. Patrick's Day and who they have with St. Patrick anyway?
So we'll get to that in a minute or two, I'm sure we'll have tons of calls on that, won't we?
No
That's been that kind of a week, I don't care
I don't really care because I got lots of things to talk about today that I would never have talked about if I would have had my radio in the SCD position yesterday when I left here
I was less than two a hank going home yesterday
And I know I've heard this thing once, what, seven or eight times before about, you know, kissing Greg Reed's ass for getting him some food
And I was like, what are those tons to get to know? You know, I guess every time I heard it, I kind of like bit my tongue until it blew a little bit
But I kind of took out the grain and saw it. I thought it was like a little tongue in cheek as in the cheeks of your recto
And I kind of cheeked
But yesterday, yesterday, and I'm not one of those people that looks for problems contrary to my reputation as business, I come in, I'm in my own business, I stayed to myself to a clock, I'm out the door, I'm not looking for problems
I'm one of those people who's an idealist
I would like things to be real smooth and perfect
I know that's not realistic, but I would like it to be that way, and so I would hope, you know, the best we can we do it
I'm not looking to create a problem, but when something just rebugs the living snot out of me, I'm not going to sit and not talk about it
And wait till I get to the thing about the program director's desk by the way
This, which I was totally unaware of, we can blame George for this one because he pointed out to me, well you did, you didn't want to point it out
Like I said, I saw it myself, George didn't point it out, he's not as secure as I am, he didn't know there's a good problem
He just brought up the whole office issue
Yes, and you're the one that, as you were holding your sides, splitting and laughter, said, oh you ever see a desk that little posted stamp?
You said that, I called it a card tape
And so I literally got up out of my seat, which takes a lot of motivation for me early in the morning
And I walked down the hall about seven feet to my right here, and I looked in Blufflin's office, I saw a desk the size of an orange crate
And that's, it's not just a fact, it's a fact that is symbolic, that speaks volumes about everything that goes on in this place
You keep calling it a desk, it's just, I'll get to that, okay, we got it, we got it, so you better learn how to do this, mister
You had trouble filling 20 minutes the other day
I got plenty of practice, filling four hours, I see the way these phones have been all this week, I'm gonna kill all the good time I came with this crap
Then I'll get back and rip fat, handkid, a big ass, okay, which he's already got one
Maybe a little less fat than it used to be, but I'm gonna tell you, his performance yesterday at 2 o'clock
If I would have eaten a meal, which you know I didn't, because I was going to the dentist, and by the way, do I have my mouthguard yet?
No, I had to get fitted, I'll get into that too
Two weeks I got to wait for a goddamn mouthguard, so I'm still grinding it
So I had eaten nothing, if I would have eaten, I had one thing, I have a car, I told you that, I've done that once, okay
But I have never puke
I've had, I've been back in my Michigan state days, I was in cars with guys who drink a lot of beer who puke in the car, but I've never puke in the car myself
If I would have had any food yesterday at all, I would have upped chucked all over my beautiful corvette
Hearing what I heard on a year on the Hank Goldberg show yesterday, it was about 2-10 for about 10 minutes, and I kept thinking, not that you have to stop, but wow
A suck job, the likes of which, see, you know, anybody can pick on the underlings, like our program director
Why do I say the program director is an underling because we all know that he's a good guy, but he's given no respect, no authority, no cloud
He can't even fire an intern
If a stranger of a deadbeat walks in off the street, he can't even kick him out without going to the big cheese to get permission
Like should we let this guy hang around in here, should we feed him, that kind of thing
Now seriously, so anybody can pick on him, anybody can pick on a $5 an hour help, those poor guys that work their asses off on the sports department there, the whatever they are producers, board off, anybody can rip them and ask them to go through tirades and proud beat them
That takes no cahons, it takes no talent, it takes no stature, it takes no static, it takes no nothing
But sucking the ass of the management and the slavvendly people that own this place, especially when you've been put to, see why, shortly after we first came here
I mentioned a couple of times on here that one of the reasons that this whole way this place is run, why this goes down, is because there are a bunch of pushy's working here who've allowed this to go on
Who've never stood up for themselves and said, hey I'm not going to put up with this, you owe me money today, I want it today, I may not need it, I want it today, that's how business arrangement works
No, they've said, oh okay miss, oh okay miss, you know, it's kind of like that's a miss of step and fetch it routine, you know
Oh yeah miss a meal, whatever you say a nice a meal, that kind of crap
And that's the truth
And some people who like to put on this image of Braggadocio and the big shots and Mr. Mr. Tough Guy
Anybody like I said can probably be the underlings and verbally abuse the program director when you know he's got a desk besides of a milk crate, you know
What do you laugh at about? I have seen, seriously, I used to be a stand collector when I was a kid, remember those triangles, I've seen stamps that were bigger than Dufflin Z desk
I've seen white spiders, digger, I've seen spider bites, digger, then Dufflin Z desk, so pick it on him, he's a good guy and he's useless but he's a good guy
Pick it on him, and then brow leading him, that takes no talent
But kissing the boss in a management of this lovingly placed kiss in there as that was puking, dosing the mayhank
I just, I can't believe it, maybe he was off his feet, you know, maybe he had missed a few meals
Yesterday
I'll get back to this, I'll get plenty, I've got a lot to talk about him, I do
Lots because it's a white untargeted baby, make no sense
That was fun
Puking, dosing
Hey, Greg Reid, you're the girl
Oh God, how could you have any self respect just saying that, that's what I would like to know, you know
How could you look in the mirror? I don't like it, I have a hard time doing it, especially naked
No
If I'm gonna fuck on something, it's not gonna be an oyster
15 to 560 WQM, so I'm gonna, yeah, I'm suspending me, you know, we usually play a comedy bit, whatever
I don't have time for that, in fact, I almost interrupted the middle of the commercial break because George just told me something, gave me some news in the middle of that
The spots it there, they were so exciting, you know, see I haven't lost it, in spite of the fact that the audience is totally lost
I don't care about, though, these idiotic colors, it's just like the facts machine, now that the facts machine is in here
Because you used to like throw 90% of them away, and now that I see all of them, I realize the facts machine is like the phone
There's like five colors and three factors, and that's it, in all of this town, all the whole market, they're all the same people
And there's probably crossover, you know, two of the colors, they're also two of the three factors, that's right
So who the hell need these assholes?
I mean, this is the most, this is the epitome of what I'm talking about, we just get a call, George gets a call from my good close friend, Dr. Doodle
I mean Dr. Mark, Patch Adams, who's gonna be here tomorrow at noon
How do you like that? To take my bloodies, coming up here, all the way from the beach, coming over here with his needles and his drugs, and gonna take my blood
And you know something that's a good thing, God bless you Dr. Doodle, Dr. Mark, because I'm concerned about my kidneys and about my liver and about my bacon and onions, I don't want to be like Walter Peyton running around on streetcorders begging for a liver
It's one thing to be begging for quarters on a streetcorder, it's another thing to be standing there with a cardboard science and anybody got a liver?
Like Jennifer says, which we don't, you know, that's right
I don't want to have to do that, I'm a little bit concerned, this thing, he was right, every day I feel a little bit better, and now that George got the cheerstreet now yesterday, I'm not sitting on my kishkis, sliding off the chair like a kid in a high chair, I wasn't making that up yesterday either
I felt like a little child sitting in a high chair that was tilted straight at the ground
Just unbelievably, but George came in here and butched up this great chair that we got from our close personal friend that used to be a sponsor, but at any rate
Remember him, he was an interesting guy
That was the only account I think Adam had, Adam's a good guy, we got some good salespeople around here, okay, it's easy to browbeat the salespeople
Anybody can do that, we got some salespeople that I want to mention no names, who are real assholes, we got some sales management types who are beyond asshole, I mean whatever is beyond asshole, they're it, you know?
But we got some good salespeople that got John penis, Adam's a good guy, Brian does a good job, who am I leaving out? Quick, Roy
Oh yeah, look, Roy, well he's a face man, he gives good face
But he's a good guy, we like Roy Foster a lot, Dara, Dara's nice, she's very nice
Although, no, she's nice, I can't say anything, no, she's very nice
And who else, who do we leave out? Well then there's Todd Dreck, like I said, nothing, he's good buddy with the fat boy, Jeff Hy
And then there's always Gary Sarner, now he's totally, we don't see him anymore, right? Like I said, I'm feeling better
Thank God, yeah so anyway, my dentist yesterday, before I get back to a fat hank in that ass sucking job he did for a 20 minutes yesterday on the boss's butt
You know, I bet you Greg Reid had a call in sick this morning because he's got like, welts on his erectum from that suck job
Oh, in fact the whole Beasley family probably had a call and get a note from the doctor today calling in sick from the suction job, Jesus Christ
Yeah, I don't, that's one thing I've never been as an asker, I mean if you do something nice for me, I'll be the first one to say
Like, you know, all I like south alkeny with our water and like our friend Joe Rosoli with our office supplies
These are nice people who have been very nice to us, our friend Murray Reston piece from William Arnold and Wayne himself. There's a lot of people, I'll tell you they're great folks who have been very nice to us over the years
But I mean, I'm just not an ass sucker, it's just not in my repertoire
In addition to which if I want tickets to some concert, you might go to the boss for tickets to a concert
No. Now we'll admit that I did go to the boss, I did the, as a last resort for a ticket for a hockey game, not for myself
But for a friend, friends of a friend, and I could have gotten them from a rumor, rumor could have got me a ticket, I could have gotten them from a lot of places
It's just that we happen to know they got this stuff laying around and they were nice enough to do, I could have gone to my good friend Sam and got tickets for that hockey game
Sam is the man, he takes care of me, I heard the hang suckin' his ass do yesterday
And they hate each other like poison, I mean why not just say it, hang don't put on a big act, you don't like Sam, he doesn't like you
And you don't like him, just because we work here today, I don't just like Sam, I don't know Sam, I don't want to know Sam
I mean he's okay, he's a, you know, kind of useless, but he's not a bad guy
And he's leaving, alright, he left
Come on and sit down, hey, come on, no I don't think so, Sam, I'm going home, where are you going home? Sit down, no I don't think so, I don't want to talk to you Sam
Now he's alright
But I mean seriously, just like Monday, our first day in these new studios they're part of the third floor
And we get our lunch from Chuck's or what was from our friend Chuck at the sub center
Now see there's another example, Chuck and he see they've been not just nice to us, they've been great to us
And for the first week we came on his station, they're right down the street and we've helped their business go up dramatically
So he says they're right over there somewhere outside, how am I supposed to know now? I had bad enough, even with windows before I had trouble with direction
Now you expect me to point in the right direction? We don't have a window, we're totally like it, we are in two baron rooms
Walls, walls with old marginal crappy equipment, that's Greg Reggreet's idea of creating a great state-of-the-art broadcast facility
Baron rooms with very marginal equipment, although we do have this great new triple-deck cart machine from 1903 and all three of them work
Now that we're not playing carts anymore
But you know so anyway Chuck is bringing us our food on Monday and of course up here on the third floor it ain't so easy
We're not going to have people drop it in off the street, you've got to have your key card, you've got to just dig in where we are now
You've got 72 different things you've got to go through, you've got to keep swiping it and swiping it and wiping it and swiping it
No, seriously even if you want to go out the hall here to take a or a...
Squared, squared, whatever
To get back in here you've got to have your key card, you've got to swipe it to get back in and the card too
So Chuck stops at the front desk and Carlos is sitting out there, it was very nice so if not Bizarre Guy
Who's a very Bizarre, if not nice guy?
Sends him back, here he gets on the intercom and says to George, at least he could get on the intercom and talk to you
We couldn't do it for the sport shows because they don't have a phone, an office phone
They don't have an office phone, stop, see stop and think about that then we'll get back to Dufflin Z desk
There are mosquitoes in Florida that are bigger than Dufflin Z desk, okay?
There are pimples on your rectum that are bigger than Duff's desk
So Carlos picks up the intercom and says to George, who pays for this, who's bringing the money?
To pay for the food and we went, are you kidding us?
It must be his idea, it took pretty good material, not bad
What times you show on Carlos?
Funny when the crap that come up with that morning show on power, pretty good stuff Carlos, who's paying for it?
Unlike some of the other shows in this sauna station, we don't pay for it and the food either
Only $50, no
No
No, what is wrong with you?
Huh, when are you going to grow up?
When are you going to get yourself under control?
Huh?
But anyway, so this thing you bought, I'm listening to the radio and Hank was, first of all, I started by saying how he was really in a crappy mood, he was feeling really bitchy
And then he said maybe the reason he's bitching everybody out is because Neal came to the station and I, you know, okay, that's amusing, although let's say that, that would be like saying that maybe that reason nobody calls us on this show is because we follow the worst team, you know?
Of course not, what tech I had to do with it? We're kicking ass. Nobody ever called this show, that's nothing new, I've been doing this for 100 years
But I can handle that but then evidently Greg Reed stuck his head in the door, okay?
Our general manager, our slavvantly looking general manager who these days is wearing a real sloppy bad looking, faggy Roman haircut, you know, with a hair like over the front of the forehead, but like slavvantly looking, real bad, sloppy
And Hank says, Mr. Reed, and he proceeds to go into a suck fest, the likes of which I have never heard, again, going back to those Rolling Stones tickets
Now at that point, I almost stopped the car and pulled off to the side of the road because I remember even before we started on the year here, I kept hearing these stories about the horrible tirades and about all the problems that Greg was having with Hank and Duff was having with him
And there were 50 people in this building in tears, most of them guys by the way, because Hank had brow beaten them and just, and here because of a pair of Rolling Stones tickets, and then he went on to talk about who did he watch the concert with in the box?
Did you hear this, Joe? The Beasley's, it was just Hank and the Beasley's at the Stone Cutter, and what a bunch of great guys they are and just down to earth folks.
See, down to earth doesn't mean you got to look like you crawled out of a dumpster. It doesn't mean you look like you slept in that $50 suit that you brought it off to in Berk.
That's not down to earth, that's, you know, a svarmy. Cheap is what they are.
And of course, you know, I don't want to mention the Joe Costello story about, don't even speak to me, pretend you don't know me that, because you know, when you're one of those $3 an hour guys, the big shots here don't have time for, you know.
No, seriously, when you're a big superstar and you're seeing on television, you can't afford to be talking a little $3 an hour guys like Joe Costello. That's not good, not good for your image.
What, so next time you see him sitting over there in the corner, don't bother him, because you're not important to them.
I mean, how can anybody name drop, hey, I was talking to Joe Costello yesterday and he said, you know, does anybody care about that?
No. Although once you start, I think that could change once you start this Saturday with that odd that the awful re-racing sure you could be doing this anymore.
Don't forget Joe Costello starting this Saturday, Motorsport Saturday, 6 to 7 o'clock every Saturday more, then you'll be a star, then maybe you can stop by briefly.
Okay, and say, how you doing, Hammer, and that's it, that's enough. Then move on like we just know each other casually, not that we know each other well and close, huh?
No, listen, I've held back for 14 months, I'm not holding back anymore, are they okay?
Hank gave me a nice check for center one, I gave him that Bernstein book to try to help him with his diabetes.
We've gotten along fine, he came in on my anniversary show, which you know, that was nice.
But I was so disappointed yesterday, see because the one thing that I would like to work somewhere where I get some support, some people with some balls, some people who've got some clout who support me, and I'm always out there on a limb.
And what I said now, it turns out that I was right on target. The reason the things have evolved the way they have in this place is because a bunch of spineless whims have sat back and allowed them to treat them this way with a bunch of half-ass crappy old equipment that doesn't work.
P and people whenever they get around with their talent fees, whatever, whatever they owe people.
Oh yes, yes, Massa, yes, Massa, bend over a little farther Massa so I can kiss your fat bone.
You know, come on, bend down a little more Massa. I thought that maybe I'd have an ally, you know.
But what I got is the guy that's only got the balls as far as picking on the little people, the only anybody can do that.
But to say that these are classy people down to earth, earthy, that's another word for cheap.
Like you could say the French are earthy, they're cheap, cheap, disgraceful, shameful,
shame on you, Hank, shame on you. Your list must be dark brown.
Why don't you work for the dolphin's touch brown?
Man, make me realize that we're all alone out here. That's why we're the bad guys, we're the enemy.
How will they like us when we get to free food? They like us a lot. All over the building, they love us.
They're in here sucking.
What a joke.
What an embarrassment.
I'm sorry, that was a great show for them.
Thank you.
What can be honest with you? You stink.
Well, where you fit in the girl a lot? After 70 to 60s and 4 hours a night, don't you think it's about throwing your hat yourself a shower?
Yeah, okay.
And I got just the soup, Faria.
No, Irish Springsteen.
It's the boss of the order and food.
Strong enough for a sweaty roll.
But I like it too.
The English Springsteen.
Now you won't be smelling like no jersey anymore.
Here, Dustin, 1032 or 560 W. Cremies and a Rock and Roll Hall of Famille for a Springsteen.
I'm not going to take your calls yet, but get on the phone.
We had a few calls in there, but they didn't hang on because they don't want any calls yet.
These are the kind of shows I find very entertaining.
Maybe the audience doesn't, but I sure do.
George does.
In fact, that much of everybody in this building is like glue to the monitors who have sold out the speakers are vibrating all over this building right now.
So you may be on the same floor now, but we understand we're still in a vacuum on this radio station.
We know that it's a sports bag station.
We understand that, which is why they're talking about some stupid tennis tournament this week.
And lastly, it was some stupid golf tournament.
I mean, you know, this is crap is what it is.
Everybody would have brain knows that.
Like the guy that calls a couple of days ago, a very young Florida Gator team.
Click millions of dials out of changing right now at that moment.
You can hear it all over town. You hear that big blast.
Somebody thinks it was a nuclear explosion.
Know everybody raised for their dial just is that it is that boring terminal color.
A very young Florida Gator team.
Yeah.
You're boring sir.
Boring.
Yeah.
Boring.
Just like those chronic we had a lot of me yesterday too.
I apologize for that.
It's been a really bad week as far as calls in our brand new studio is here with our new phone system which we never got by the way that was another easily read lie.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
We're supposed to have a new phone system once we moved up here in the third floor.
Did we get it?
No.
Same crappy phone we had on the floor on the second floor.
Same piece of crap.
And like I said, these people that put up in with that old building for all of a and all those lies all of a sudden.
And then we had a time to see when they weren't going to build us a studio here as they promised a little over a year ago.
We threatened to take him to court to sue their ass and all of a sudden we had a studio down there on the third floor.
Aside whatever, whatever for that was the 85 floor.
That's right because we threatened to sue their ass.
But these people here.
Well, okay.
If you want us to work with his crappy old stuff for the rest of our lives.
Well, we don't like it and it's rat infested and bug infested and blah blah blah.
But whatever you say, yes, yes, yes, yes, and I come over here thinking, well, hey, maybe I'll be like the ringleader.
Okay.
Get some other people to join along and protest to this disgusting anti-human way.
They build new studios up here on the third floor for power 96.
I'm going to tell you something.
The even in outer space, they never saw stuff like what they got over there.
Space age.
Even Howard never saw a studio like they got.
Am I right?
State of the art.
In fact, even whatever is state of the art is beyond.
It's a hundred light years ahead of state of the art.
That's what they got at power 96 plus all the billboards and the bus signs and the TV spots.
Billions of dollars of promotion plus, of course, given all the money we're in here to buy the audience to buy all the little Julios.
And who yet?
See, they got all the whole internet's one thing.
We don't have one young Cuban woman who listens to this show.
Not one.
What does that tell you?
That tells you if you're willing to pay the right price, they're willing to do whatever you want.
That's why they listen to power 96.
Certainly their taste can't be that bad.
Could it?
No.
They got better taste than the crappy music they're playing over there.
That's what kid Curry was telling me in the hall yesterday.
He said, we buy our audience.
I said, yeah, we know that.
And we resent it bitterly because here on the A and we get, we get, we get, direct.
We get tossaways.
We get, this cards.
Let's see if we got one young Cuban woman under the age of like, let's say 35.
That's pretty young for our crowd as far as Cuban women.
Let's see if there's one.
Come on, just this is just a test.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I guarantee you that I can give that number out from now until a week from sookers,
there wouldn't be one call because we have no young Cuban women.
Not that we really care.
George would like some.
He'd like like a whole baby of mine up at the door, especially if they got a big shapely.
Correct them.
But they don't they all.
And if they were all were that like excessive jewelry and too much makeup.
And talk like Lucy Ricardo.
See that?
Nothing.
The phone is as dead as a door nail.
We don't have one.
Now Cuban guys we got.
We don't want to talk to them.
They're waste of our time.
But Cuban women.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, we'd like you to that pass it up.
Oh, wait a minute.
QA M Cuban line.
Good money.
I want to send it down.
No, no, get out of here.
See what I'm saying?
I made myself very clear, didn't I?
I'm not ready for you, other bozos.
I'm talking about young Cuban women right now under the age of 100.
5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7
6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 7, 6, 7, 7, 6, 7, 7
6, 7, 7, 6, 7, 7, 7, 7, 6, 9, 7, 7, 9, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 9, 7, 7, 8, 8, 8, 2, 1,
that's all we've got to do.
And there's all the opportunities you know.
And they all have deep właśnie life冬瀑 and
I wish it the best day this ever for you,
Take some numbers George. Maybe you can give them out on the year. Maybe that's what we'll do
We'll fix guys up the can't get laid because those young Cuban women man. I'll tell you they're ready
If you got some money some credit cards
Not car this close. That's right
So nice jewelry, huh? So they can go out there on South Beach wait till I get to the paragraph about South Beach in this command book
Oh, but I am gonna read the other thing again about the glory holes
Because one thing I told George this before and I think he kind of resented it
But he knows it's true and his heart. He knows it's true
It is true about that about straight people being very
No, no seriously. I don't want to say that us bags are smarter than anybody else
But it's just amazing that so many straight people are just so
Sheltered is maybe it's an act maybe if they pretend they understand what some of these things are above
I like like what's a glory hole? I never heard what is that?
These are the same people by the way that are running up to Graceland to see how Elvis is doing the same asshole
so
Sheltered you know, you got to get with it. You got to get with the life
But I mean even if some of these things are disgusting and gross
They're no more disgusting and gross and some of the stuff you guys are doing okay?
Like that week we had about anal sex rectum. That's all they wanted air be straight guy is down. Oh, yeah
We love that the brown eye baby
Brown eye girl brown eye at anything anything with a brown eye. We love it. We want it. They wanted it
Yeah, we're perverted but you guys you're normal right you're right
Yeah
21 before 11 at 560 WQ I am
God, I'm feeling better today. Thank God now. I feel better because Dr. Mark is coming tomorrow
Do a little thank God for him. I love you Mark
You're the only one that's going to save my life because those takers up at Cleveland Clinic
They don't give a crap about me. They got all those old people to save first
You want to go in and see a people all over the age of 100 go up to any of the waiting rooms at the Cleveland Clinic
I'm sure they're nice to me in there believe me
They're very nice. I appreciate that. I may need them again someday. Oh God. I mean talk about and when you walk into the room
You look around and you say why are you wasting your time here? What's the point? Why bother? You know
I know for the sake kids what's real bad for you, but chase real good
What did you the excess energy to drive mom crazy?
What breakfast cereal will you tell mom to buy next time she goes shopping?
Super sugar sugar sugar sugar
Food super sugar cold and sugar shoppers are little bit of raw cane to trenched in honey and cold and with powdered sugar
glucose, fructose, corn syrup and other natural sweeteners
And they sell sweet sugar cold and sugar
Right because there's no yet the vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun
Yeah
How does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating
Mom's a love sugar jockey too
Cause inside everybody there's a free bottle of new fructose
Troubled Balliote
So fly in super sugar coated sugar fire
From your friends at Irresponsible Food
At 45 at 5.50 WQM
Let's talk to some of these ladies who held on I can't believe it is a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes. Hi. I'm a young Cuban woman. Well some are young 30
And I'm off of the elevator lady. You're what the elevator lady from the Panther game
Oh, yeah, the elevator lady right. How you doing?
Real good. How about you? Excellent. I want to let you know. I'm listening. God bless you sweetheart. Okay. Take care. See you at the old macarena
Okay, bye. Bye. The elevator. I'll tell you who's a big fan of mine. Although I don't know she has a radio in her booth
You know my friend Sylvia with the red here with the long fingernails that the a turnpike told plans out there
She is I love you Sylvia
She don't have a radio out there every day on the way home now. She doesn't work every day
But what I'm talking about the told the booths right by a pp stating you know on the way back to the turnpike to go back up north to go home
But the days that she's working it puts a big smile on my post when I go through there and hand her the 50 cents and
With her little broken accent. She's the best Sylvia. You're a sweetheart honey. I love you
See there's some nice people in this town not too many about 50 of us
But there's some of us who are okay. Love Sylvia
Here's a lady in western. Hello
Lady in western hello. Yes ma'am. How are you? Great. How you be?
Good. I'm a Cuban lady
This is a shock
I couldn't seriously I would have bet a lot of Georgia's money that we wouldn't have gotten one call
Well, yes we do
And you look happy and this is you every morning really? Yes. Yeah, I don't because I'm at work
But my house is a little too well. That's good enough for us
Thanks, sweetheart. You're welcome happy. Yeah, St. Patty's day. Same to you. Bye. Bye. Bye
So anybody call yet about St. Patrick's day and why they get drunk on this day. No
Mani Sanna Halala. How's that? Why is this day any different from any other day?
Here's a lady in high alia. Hello
Good morning, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi. This is 36 year old Cuban woman. Oh my god
I just wanted to call and say hi now listen
I got to ask you one question. Do you listen to the other parts of the radio station? You listen to the morning theme?
The worst name? Well, maybe it's my fiance Roger. He listens to you every day. Right and I listen to you maybe every two cents or three
Well, that's good enough. That's a good start
You got to kind of ease into it. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Have a great day. How do you like that? Okay
That's enough of that boring. No, seriously. They're very nice. They're out there because I got to have some time here to talk about just desk
About that suction job that went on. Let me let me see this. I met one of the beeslies
I can't I really can't figure out one from the other because they all smell
I mean they all look the same pretty much and
Maybe they're very nice people. I don't know. They were in fact that was after the first rating book came out when we first started on the year here about a year ago
And they went out of their way they didn't have to do that
But the one guy he came in and thanked me profusely for what I've done for the station and the great ratings and all the money
I'm bringing it was very nice and I thought that was a classy thing to do now. He did look pretty sloppy
Huh?
Maybe he maybe his hotel was full maybe they his reservation was missed at IP4, you know
He just committed town. Maybe he had a sleep under 395. You know, there's a lot of people sleep out there
Maybe he was hanging out with the locals under the overpass or over the underpass, huh? Could have been
He looked like he slept in the suit and he looked like he just bought it at goodwill, but other than that
He seemed like a pretty decent guy. So maybe they're nice people
But that's not really relevant Greg read is a nice guy. I've always said he's not a bad guy
But he when it comes to the business. He's a hero. They give us nothing. Oh, you want to you want a
800 number? Oh, well, no that cost money
You want a real desk for the program director? No, that cost money. You want like an office phone for the sports nerds up there that are on 20 hours today
No, that cost money
You want more water for the office so people up there are here on the third floor now you want them to be able to drink is
But without rationing it with the water not see can't do that cost money
You know what we ought to do we ought to start to ingratiate ourselves since we've already done it with the food
We ought to start putting bottles of soley water out in the hallway just on the floor out there
And see how fast those get gobbled up. Huh? I mean, that's already been going
We've had some people we don't want to mention their names because we like them or we wouldn't have shared
Maybe we could get a cooler someone to donate a cooler for the uh, oh because we can get whatever we want
free
We don't pay for it on this show
You know
Not that I haven't in the past
But that's that's a long time ago in different in different days gone by
Now we don't pay for it on this show
It's a meal
Free it's they did it's the South Florida F and away you know that
If I if the one thing you don't learn after being here as long as I have it how to be a good snore and get everything in the world for free
Then what the hell have you learned how much cloud could you possibly have having to beg for something
When the backdoor boys were here remember our good friend Woody Graber got me that pneumonia outside awful place
I don't want to mention that the amphitheater up there the cruel sky in Palm Beach County because you'll get upset again
What a toilet that is but we got free tickets
Had the guys on the show that was for free. I wouldn't pay them but it anyway
Whatever it is we want so water we get that our good buddy cell felcone great guy
We want olive oil we want a meal we got a choice. We don't have just and how long did that take us
When we first started that first December 30th and we're thinking on here out loud about well
We're not in the best neighborhood then since we're not all that much into jerk chicken and just maybe a little jerk pork
I might be into but not your chicken you know
And right off the bat here was our buddy a chuck from day one at the sub center
Not and not see it's one thing if you get crap for free
But when it's good stuff and you get it for free then you go
Then you're really accomplishing stuff anybody can get slop you know
All around here. I guess they're not even good at getting slapper free
They got to pay for it
So if we want to not get a water cooler up here we can do that no in a heartbeat
If I can get my doctor to come here and take blood
On during the show again for the second time he's done this now and this is a busy guy
Dr. Redu little he's a busy guy
He's busy being a big shot with the doctors with the organizations around the state
He's I mean he's still well-intentioned guy he means well he doesn't do much but he's a good guy
He really cares about me
You'd never know it but he really care and he's gonna be here tomorrow now. That's not another will not be for free by the
I should retract that like I said it's gonna cost the arm and legs
But he's coming to me how many other people have their doctor like in the old days come to them anymore
Anybody out there do that? They won't come to you. You got to go there and sit in those sterile offices
That kind of look like these two rooms the George and I room right now. We still enjoy that this morning
That Greg read with I remember the day he came to me a few weeks ago after they had first
belatedly during that awful super bowl week remember all the crappy went through
And they finally got into those rooms over here on the other side of the hallway which are big and sterile
None of the good stuff they got at power 96 same crappy equipment that they had out in the awful building on Sheridan street same old wreck
Which is why the move was as it was his unprofessional and his bungalows was because if they were building new studios
Without the equipment in it they could left the old one one day gone to the new one the next day
Have been ready to rock and roll but no they had to have all this cross over time because they were moving the same old crappy equipment the outdated direct from the other place into this building
That that would that would be like buying the Versace mansion
And putting a bunch of old used furniture in there from goodwill
Right that's a good analogy
That would be like buying the Taj Mahal and putting in furniture there from one of those reddle joints, you know
Aaron Rince. Oh, I'm sorry. That's a lot of our I love Aaron Rince and that one of our sponsors
I don't know I think maybe it is we do like them a lot
Are you still an uncle named Aaron Muggsy bookie but it anyway
He was Aaron so I'd be before I get into the good stuff here by dust desk
Since I'm really on a roll
What to tell you about our good friend Mark Benson? Okay, who called on to show a few days ago
He's an asshole on behalf of Henry Burrow. See that's another thing
I'm not one of those people that sucks up to people on the phone or in person and then rips him behind a back
Remember when he called and I said what an asshole he was right to his face and he is
And he thought he was gonna suck around because you know, he was I don't play that game
If I think you're an asshole, I'll tell you to your face on the phone whatever or behind your back all three of the above not just one of the three
So anyway, this Mark Benson calls in who somehow has managed to be Henry Burrow's
Sidekick agent whatever he is and by the way everybody over there. Waxie has the same opinion about him
He's an asshole
So during the call during the course of that long ponder is calling I apologize for keeping him on that long
During the course of the call he said oh yeah
Well, you know the ratings that just came out on Henry show and our show on Waxie
Some pretty interesting numbers there and these ratings that just came out well the ratings that just came out
The trend from Arbor trying to just came out a few days before that awful call
I thought well, I'll give it a look. I've got him at home. So last night
A bolt of inspiration struck me. I thought I was sitting over there on a coffee table
I'm gonna pick up those trends and take a look and maybe a Henry and your good friend Roger
Magatlin maybe they actually went up in the morning did they go up wait till you hear this
I picked out because you know some people pick and choose you know this demographic
We did great pigmies under 25 years old. We did good hooliow women like we're doing here
So I picked all the demographics that we got persons 12 plus that's the total audience
Waxie in the morning. That's the Henry Barrow Roger Magatlin show went from a 0.9 to a 0.4
0.4 that's like that means barely on the ear
You think somebody stabbed her in your ear in the back?
Okay, then uh many team plus six to 10 a and they went from a 0.8 to a 0.3
Okay, these are those interesting numbers you were talking about right mark Benson is that these the ones?
They're interesting all right
persons 25 to 54 that's the great demo that all the advertisers want this is the heart the meat and potatoes of our broadcast industry
6 to 10 a and 25 54 persons from a 0.4 to a 0.1
I know a point one and you're asking yourself what's the point
Of even turning on the transmitter for a point one you know they
I'm seriously they could put our farting sounds on
For four hours in the morning over there and do better than a point one
I'll even loan them the farting sound. How about it Henry? What do you say?
Okay
And women 18 plus because you figured while the renever used to have you know old women listening if anybody's good to listen to that
Where they got to Sandy on it. Oh my god. He looks just as lovely as he did yesterday
I would have thought yesterday after what I said. I don't say it because I don't like you. You're a good guy
You're like you know been very nice to me, but you look
You know look in the mirror. Don't you have a mirror like Bella LaGosie Greg
It's the 90s. Oh, you know something. I think he did straighten his hair out then when he walked in and Hank sucked his butt the other day
I think it blew his hair all out of shame
How did you I mean?
Were you really buying that were you really believing in that all the all the conflicts that you had with a fat man
Where you read he's saying he's saying no feverishly no he's giving like salute our Italian salute
Oh, that's an Irish salute. He said happy St. Padmiss. They asked that's what he said
He said no he didn't blame
And say said by the way the beesleys didn't like you either now. That's just a joke. He didn't say
They're classy guys. They just the sloppy dresses like great. No, it's a nice suit. You're right the suit
From the neck down you look beautiful today. You're impeccable
From the chin up
You know the hair what are we gonna do? What is get it culture? I'll selfie or you see if you can't help this man
I'm beyond help. I'm an old fart. Okay, but you're a you're a general manager. You're looking executive
You know you go to those big meetings you go to the courtrooms for those big lawsuits with Wayne that's a you should look presentable
Before I started working here people used to say what happened to Greg and of course I never knew him before
I thought how what do I know what have and they say he used to be so classy looking now it looks like his head like it's the hair
It's the hair do something with it
You're getting that Jeff Rimmer in fact talk to Rimmer. He'll teach you how to grease it back like the four hairs
He's got left. He'll teach you how to slick it back
And we'll look at Greg and be a saint boy. We got a slick boss here. What?
This is my third try folks
I want to pull you and I want it to green
It is a Patrick's face so all things must be green
I've got a fair grape
This must have green clothes on
I've got a good lot of big stupid leprechaun
I'm gonna hang a sack of orange towards you
Don't really like it but I really could just see
And then I'll go downtown to watch the big grey
Yeah, everyone's happy but no one marching is gazing
I'm gonna keep on drinking beer that good
I'll drink a cup of coffee to what I'll see
We are all Irish when things that today is here
So we put in hate the English and drink beer
I'm gonna be a hell
Hell it's a hell
Holy green
Yeah, I'm gonna be a hell
He's in your old house. Okay, it's a 10 I love it. Oh three at five sixty WQM Greg Reed was just in here
Promising to why I'm getting her cut that's there it okay
And I got some even better news for you to show you who's got the clout in this place
We got a water cooler coming
That's take about 10 minutes
See that's the one skill maybe I'm on a fat or a bag whatever I am okay, which is all true
But you know something the one skill that I've acquired over the years when you've got some clout when you mean something
When you're not just blustering a bunch of
Wind you know when you're not just blowing smoke
It's anybody can do when you're produced when you come up with a good. That's what it's all about
You know just like we went to Vegas. We did just talk about doing the trip to Vegas
We did it so we did three trips to Vegas and yes, they took years off our lives
We had all kinds of problems and Bob Lincoln is still bringing me those travel books. He's a still a good guy
Oh wait till I tell him I'm not gonna tell anybody about this new deal I got with Bob
Well, I thought a deal with him, but that he helped to hook me up with his first flight over the pond. Oh
This could be spectacular. I love you Bob Lincoln and spider-fingers. Okay
Even the Panthers are singing Viva last big is they're singing a little better than you singing Bob
Yeah, I feel I feel much better than I have last two days physically and mentally and emotionally
Because I'm I'm not you know, I got to turn over newly fit St. Pat your stay. I'm not holding anything back anymore
I'll let it all out. You know if you're gonna act like a jackass
I'm gonna call you right here on the you're okay, and I like Hank
You know what's not to like Hank is a lot of us in a business a little strange
He's got his updates his down days his manic days. I like Hank. I don't have a problem
But that that thing he did yesterday. I was just crushed by it
You do you think he was really serious when he was under sucking their ass?
For a couple of Rolling Stones tickets. I mean if he went to see somebody good
Somebody that was still alive that was performing that was somebody that was good
Then maybe I still would have been embarrassed, but maybe I could have handled a little bit better
But to go see a geriatric rock group
That hasn't had a correct note in 15 years on stage
That you would lower yourself to that level to kiss this man's butt and the beastlies
Every day from the day until the day they moved out of that other building on Sheridan street every single day of my life
I heard about the red infested bug infested toilet and the crappy equipment and no exterminator and all of those things were true
Every single one of those things were absolutely true all of these things and I saw well
Thank God at least I got one ally that's not a wimp in an askus. Okay. I know the guys in the morning show
Default he just doesn't make any waves. Okay. He's I like defol. He's a good guy
But he's not the kind of guy that's gonna make any waves. He needs the job, you know
Cost a lot of money with those messy divorces. He needs the job in the money. Joe. I don't know Joe. Joe's got a big head
He's got the TV job Joe's a good guy. Joe. We're the little dog. He's a good guy
He just keeps his nose clean. Although it does seem to me if my memory isn't slipping
Remember in the for I would say in the first six months we run a station
Joe Rose was always the guy. I mean Hank got suspended like two summers ago, which I think that was
I take Hank side on it. That was bull crap
That was because of the water Nazi and the salesman. That was a bunch of bull crap. Okay, so he did abuse him a little bit
You know he browbeat him a little
We ought to be used to that. We got a lot of suits going on this place, but uh
Joe is always the one getting suspended remember
And of course in this place, it's kind of like you don't know whether to believe it or not
The boy who cried wolf syndrome is he on vacation was he really getting suspended
Did you decide to take the day off and play a golf one day? You know what? I mean nobody really knew for sure
So he seemed to be kind of like peck a peck a little bad boy
The little dog
And then of course guilty
And what Marlon Brando said about Frado in the godfather. Ah, Frado, huh, you know
That's what you say about Keldie. Yeah, you know, you just struck your shoulder there, you know
What are you gonna say about him?
Like he's got some balls like no, he's gonna start up. No, you don't look to it for him to be an ally
You just look for him to be out on the road a lot with a hockey team lucky is right now
By the way, we got Hank is gonna be where is he gonna be today
Hank is gonna be at the oh it's for a lot of the else stadium
Because we got that the marlon's at the ural tonight at 650 so I think I'll be doing this you out there
Blue will be doing a short show from six to six 50
Well, I sure hope the two of them leave some food at the concession for everybody else
Marlon's at the ural and then it's right after that game the panthers at San Jose 10 o'clock tonight
Out on the west coast big trip for the panthers
After that trip to Vegas, which a lot of people are making a big deal about why does anybody care about that they're in title
I mean, I think they should have kept Robbie need him or out of there
Greg Reed was just telling me about how the crowd booed the hell out of Robbie when he missed the empty net from eight feet away at the end of that Tampa game the other
But he had a chance to sow the game up
Which I did see the highlight and I read about it
But I wasn't aware the fact that the crowd has really been on him like stink on crap, you know
And I say to this
And it's about time that David J. Neil and Michael Russo stop going to him for quotes
Talking about how the rest of the team the teams got to do it stop talking about what everybody else has got to do Robbie
You're making like two and a half million dollars a year. How about doing something to yourself
once in a while
And yeah, he did score the only girl in the game, but I could have scored from there. Okay on that pass
But Jesus Christ almighty. I mean the butcher up and do something mister all talk no cash kind of like this place
So Greg's going to have to get a haircut
Oh
Now you got to admit he looks ridiculous with this hit doesn't he with his hair like that come on you can say it
You're gonna be doing this show some days
I don't think straight mentioned where that haircut there. There you go. What and what did I say?
Oh looks like a faggy Roman haircut. I know he and his family loved Italy
I've told them they would and they did they loved Rome they loved all Italy playing trip back wasn't too good, but nevertheless
But just because you like Italy you don't come back with that mark Anthony a faggy even Luis Miguel got rid of that okay
In fact you do remember after Luis Miguel had that haircut is when he started the date and all these women supposedly
Yeah, all these engagements
I would be surprised if he looks with Gloria as step on pretty soon Luis
After we and it was only when he fell he had a butcher position a little bit after that haircut
You won't see Ricky Martin walking around with that haircut. No, of course. We all know about Ricky Martin
Oh, and guess what? Oh the tabloids Madonna was all over Ricky Martin at the Grammys
Like there's something gonna come out of that. No
Anyway, oh I am so you know something if I ever get back to feeling normal. I'm gonna be dangerous
I've been sick for three months. You know that
All these people think I come on here just to belly. I don't want to be sick. I want to feel like a human being
I was gonna say want to feel like me. No. I want to feel like
Brandon
Brandon Barmer. Oh wait to see how we're gonna decorate this studio by the way
Talk about a gay sports club. We wait to see how I'm gonna because we got Baron walls. It looks very uh
Oh
Stereo in these two rooms, but you wait till the end of next week. It's gonna be beautiful. It's incredible to me incredible
I want to call you and I want it to agree
I
I'm gonna
On
So
I'm going to keep on drinking beer that's good.
I'll drink until the curses are what I'll be in.
We are all Irish men.
I'm going to keep on drinking beer that's good.
I'm going to keep on drinking beer that's good.
I'm going to keep on drinking beer that's good.
Happy St. Pat's Day from all year, Jewish friends here at 5.60 W.
We're still waiting for someone to explain to us why we have St. Patrick's Day and what it's all about.
Is it about the four leaf povers, you think?
No.
Is it about corn leaf and cabbage, potatoes, potato famine?
No.
Is it about all those snakes?
No.
Is it about the Irish killing each other in the Northern Ireland?
Yeah.
That's what it's all about.
Is that going to stop anytime soon?
No.
Like the herbs in the Jews killing each other at least.
Is that ever going to stop?
No.
So that's what we're having a party about.
Let's have a big parade because at least the Irish who are over here are still alive.
As opposed to the ones that keep dropping a lot of bomb in Northern Ireland.
That wouldn't have anything to do with religion.
Yeah.
So anyway, getting back.
And don't let me forget because the big topic of the day today is Duff's desk.
Thank you, George.
George, give me a great topic today.
Oh, seriously.
I mentioned that Tim.
Greg was in here.
See, one difference about me.
I'm not an asker, okay?
Well, you saw when Greg popped his head in the door.
I said, Jesus, you still look like crap.
When you're going to get that haircut.
I don't kiss the boss's ass.
You know, and like I said, he's a good guy.
He means well.
He's a, you know, a little bit slow, but he means well.
There's nothing about his business, but he means well.
He unfortunately is the victim of a lot of naked pictures around a building.
He can't help that.
By the way, now that I have those, my past key, you know, to get up here.
I may be sticking in the building about two in the morning someday, like on a weekend.
Wifeling through the various drawers around and finding out who's got the various naked pictures.
Is if I don't already know where to start looking.
You know what I'm talking about?
Roy!
Oh, no, he's just a face guy.
He's in the pictures.
Yeah, he's in the pictures.
Oh, and Greg?
I don't think so.
So anyway, I do have to, I got to read a couple of things to you from this great book.
You know something, even if he didn't care about Andrew Kunanan or Gianni Versace,
which I never heard of him before, got off.
I heard of his clothing line.
I never heard of him.
And still couldn't care less.
But this book by Maureen Orth.
It's pretty interesting, especially when you get into the last tour de bitter show when it starts to
even with a Versace thing and all the stuff on South Beach, and all the parts of it here with them,
and how the mommy hurled screwed the story all up.
And my good close friend, Gail Mato, Bright has even mentioned in this story.
About how she was ahead of the cops on a red pickup truck that Kunanan stole from the carotakery shot in Jersey.
Even Gail Mato, Bright had it spotted there, parked in that parking garage down there on South Beach.
While the cops were still trying to figure out what happened to those 3000 leaflets that were sitting in the back of that FBI guy's car that never got passed out.
And the hero was blowing the story because they had pissed off the beach police, and they weren't giving them any information.
That's pretty interesting for those of us who have to live here.
But yesterday I read a passage from page 93 and here I just, I don't think it sunk in.
And I read it again because every time I read this, I actually wet my pants.
What's going on?
I really do.
Especially at Marines, I don't understand these things, or at least they pretend they don't understand.
And I will say this if we had UNICEX toilets, I could assure you that the heterosexual community would not only understand glory holes, they would be experts at glory holes.
Every straight man in America would be walking around with a power drill attached to his hip.
Huh?
With a power tool attached to his side.
I was thinking maybe Marines thinks that maybe she's married to Tim Russell and they only do it in the dark because he would turn the lights out if he married to him.
Maybe she thinks that a guy's penis is attached to his foot.
Huh?
Because that's the only way she could have written this thing. Well listen to it again.
Okay, see you figure it out.
Barely large enough to accommodate a man's finger.
Once time is the best time to visit it.
Steven Zeeland writes this in the article, Killer Queen, published in Seattle's Game Magazine, The Stranger.
Holes like this are known as glory holes.
Oh my God.
In 1995, Zeeland says he told Jay Buckman about this especially beautiful man he'd seen there three times.
The guy was shy and only once briefly that he kneeled down and accordance with the prevailing etiquette, stick his penis under the stall.
Most of the time we just watched each other through the hole or took turns sticking our pinkies through it, touching just barely the tips of each other's penises.
Zeeland learned to identify the man by the cartoon mouse, tattooed on his ankle.
So seriously, maybe Marine Orph believes that your penis is attached to your foot.
Huh?
Because otherwise how could you put it under the stall?
Maybe it's attached to your toe.
Just to maybe let that sink in for a little while.
But now it comes to the here's the even more provocative part.
Maybe I'll read a page a day from this book on here.
Just a few, a couple of short paragraphs.
Page 303.
This is good stuff.
Because this beer is not exactly what I've been saying.
Not that I need any, you know, reinforcements.
All will be nice to have some reinforcement around this place but I'm not getting any.
But at any rate, let's see, was another gay club paragon that one night Versace spotted a,
oh this is, it goes out about Versace and what a flamey, how he was picking up all these young guys.
He had this guy procuring for them.
There was another gay club paragon that one night Versace spotted a go-go boy dressed as an angel and began to beckon to him.
At first the go-go band she said, get away old man.
I've heard that.
Then Versace pointed to his chest and mouth, Versace, the boy hot down from the stage.
Versace even used to employ a doorman from the Warsaw, Jamie Cardona to be his procurer.
Cardona would take boy to the back door of Kasa Kasa Rina, which was the Versace mentioned to be auditioned.
Versace is central to the nithubication of this place, says Professor Ralph Hindell,
is a gay Belgian who teaches French history and literature at the University of Miami and lives in South Beach.
All these models look Latin, he said.
That was his preferred type, Versace, Cuban boys.
South Beach is the Latin gay capital of the world, so many boys from all over South America are dreaming to get to the USA,
so they jump on a plane and all of a sudden one Versace or another will adopt them, and in that sense it is much more than Hollywood.
For young boys it is much more alluring than Hollywood.
Tom Austin says the whole point of South Beach is sex.
Never has there been such an accumulation of sex money or sex for free in history plus of course the drugs which are Guzana.
One's priority says Hindell's are based on desire.
Desire renders you more vulnerable.
This country, the US is always about organizing around your work.
On South Beach, gay culture is driven by desire in the immediate sense.
Dana Keith, former Versace fitting model, now conserves at Hotel Astor, favored by the hip and the Hollywood, explains the scene by saying,
what is the vibe of the room, what is the level of the drugs, how many cute guys are there, it's a pretty mixed up sense of priorities, but on South Beach that's the way it is.
The cycle of the dominant South Beach culture is this.
A, go to the gym, B, go to the beach and plan for the evening, C, go to the clubs, and D, trip on ecstasy with friends who have successfully completed A, B and C, thereby establishing oneself in an untouchable circle of gods.
South Beach is the Latin gay capital of the world boys and girls.
I didn't make that up, Marine Orts says that.
People fact in the church.
F and A, baby, we just made that up.
So when are we getting back to Dusk Desk?
South Beach, what did I tell you about South Beach, man?
Drugs and facts, that's what it's all about.
That's a gay club you moron.
Right.
And a lot of people, by the way, do an unprotected sex, lots and lots and lots of HIV on South Beach.
You want to come up with like a surprise.
And of course when you're on ecstasy it kind of like, you know, takes away your inhibitions and your common sense and, you know, any sense of precaution.
And so there's a lot of people spreading it, so to speak, on South Beach and disease too.
They're spreading it.
Backed them.
So we're getting back to Dusk.
Well let's take a call or two first, because that's going to take quite a while.
No, there's some very heavy symbolism in that.
It's kind of like a penis thing, you know?
It's the way culture looks at this whole, like, penis size, you know, like, they always do it.
And maybe that's why there's so many white guys who love the NBA.
Because maybe they think that all those seven-foot-farts are really hung like the stereotype pretend.
And I got news for a zoo tool, me, don't believe it for a second.
Pat Riley, the day that he called on the show, he said, most of my players are hung like a mouse, especially the dark ones.
Here's a mobile and color rage.
Chula.
Chupa, ni, espelota, sanabbo, chocolata.
Yeah, okay.
See, there you go.
He must be hanging on South Beach.
What does he need to chew pocabra?
He was saying, you suck on my chocolate salty ball.
Oh, Chuck on my chocolate.
Oh, no, I don't think so.
Go down to South Beach, you'll find some customers.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You see the Pope has these two and all the recordings now.
He's singing.
Yeah, okay.
Here's, uh, see, and there's the alvela.
We'll just see if there's any of these that are worthwhile.
Here's Coral Gables. Hello.
Coral Gables.
Okay, must have had no material there.
Here's the last one.
Poppano, hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Good evening.
Why does everybody say good afternoon?
They were doing that yesterday, too.
Both calls.
It's rocked at 35 goals.
He's not good enough for the Panthers, though.
But why are you repeating something I've been saying for three years?
I mean, it's easy to say it now.
How come you're repeating it now that he's got 35 goals and had another...
He's got two more than Yager.
Yeah, I know that.
I know that, sir.
I watched the Penguin Game last night with Dallas the two two tie watched every minute of it.
Did you see it?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
And struck a sport as goal right in front of the ball.
Yeah, I saw it.
It was a beautiful thing.
It was great.
It was there.
And the pass he made to you, Yager was unbelievable.
That kind of like behind the back pass around the net.
Phenomenal.
But the strike has gone.
I've been telling you that.
But nobody will listen to me, okay?
Including Doug McClain, who's too busy trying to be a sit-down comedian on the...
You know, on the CBC.
What was he got in the employment for a haircut?
Is that what he's telling you?
Okay.
Greg Reed made an appointment for a haircut.
Let's hear it.
All right.
See?
We got the water coming in.
We got Greg's here.
Let's hear it straight.
Now, leave it to me.
Do you want to get something done?
Turn it up.
Yeah, good.
Don't look at these other fakers to get anything done.
Look to me.
I'll get it done for you.
I wouldn't even be surprised to get off a desk, be by the end of the week.
You know what?
I'm going to tell you something.
Just like I had it with a satellite dish, I'm going to embarrass them.
If I have to buy the program director a desk.
And I don't know him anything.
He's a good guy, but he deserves better than that.
He deserves it because it's the meaning.
It's a message.
It's like saying you're like, you know, even though we're paying you a pretty decent amount of money,
we're not really sure why, but nevertheless, it's the meaning for a man with a title of program director
and they supposedly made your mark at a hotshot sports station like this, especially with this show on it.
See, I don't want to work on a rare...
I don't want the near-robed-year show to be on a radio station where a program director's got a desk that looks like a tinkered toy from a kid's, you know, director set.
Does that what it looks like?
It works like a real tiny erection in Duff's office.
Gelding, get out of there.
FAST IT!
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D
J-O-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E
I'm surprised to get from the NAACP wrote that off the letter they heard yesterday about how
come they put the picture of Madonna in there on the after the Grammys and didn't put the
picture of the hip-hop rock what is her name?
I don't even know her name.
Lauren Bacall, Lauren Holly Hill.
Holly Hill?
How's Holly doing on guiding light by the way huh?
Speaking of guiding light and I know we won't get any coaxes or guiding light ladies
have all disappeared on me they've all left on I guess or maybe they just left a show
after all their character changes after they put the ugly Michelle in there but you know
two days ago Monday on guiding light they showed a flashback scene a Holly who's crazy
than a bed bug oh sorry Holly who's all of a sudden a lost it you know and she's kidnapping
all the kids in town and taking out the camp they show a flashback with her and the original
Roger Thorpe which I can't think of the guy's name who just died of MS here a few months
ago that they kicked off the show Roger Thorpe one of the oldest characters on a show
and they used the video clip of him where she was hallucinating and the worst part of
the insult injury is she was pushing him off the edge of a he was threatening to jump
off the roof of a building and she pushed him off the edge.
So in other words the fact that they still had this video footage that CBS has got the
rights to that was okay to show the old Roger but once he got sick with MS and was dying
and then ABC had to put him on one life to live since he played the character in the wheelchair
and etc. out of real life just like when Burke Bauer had her leg chopped off on guiding
light right and they have the clips by after the guy is dead to bring back a scene with
him in it.
I saw a tear coming from the CBS in fact I noticed that John now what's his name it
fills in for rather was doing it as well as that Dan Rather I think was out of protest
to that scene did not do the CBS evening news last night because he was so pissed off.
Am I the only one who noticed that?
That they used an old flashback with the old Roger Thorpe and the best part of it is
the character was like replaced by another guy later on who liked it and they wrote out
the story they don't show him but they show the original one that they kicked off the
show who's dead.
No respect no god that's I thought that was a fling in that desk it ties right in no
respect.
Here's Naples hello Naples going once Neil yes sir.
Hi St Patrick yes what's it all about boo?
You wrote an Irish English you was an English pig farmer he was an English pig farmer
went to Ireland and brainwashed them into that religious crap oh Jesus the church couldn't
decide whether he died a March 8 or March 9.
Yeah that's the end of the year and that's the end of the year and that's the end of
the year and that's what it's all about right religious crap.
It's a good thing they let confused between the 16th and 17th because that would have been
the 30th church the 30th church they probably go for that as well.
Yeah probably.
Okay thank you sir for a little history lesson there you go get a little some information
see it's the same thing with all the rest of the Irish people they don't know anything
about their own history they don't care about any of this they don't know about the
kills they don't know about the bagpops all I know is it's another excuse to drink a
lot of green beer and get the blasted bloody drunk that's what it's all about.
I mean like I said the other day what are the Irish famous for?
The Kennedys and get in drunk and of course the Kennedys specializes in getting laid and
getting drunk not necessarily in that order don't forget the riots and driving off the
bridge what is it don't forget the riots yeah yeah they are alive right aren't they
those Irish we don't have a Jewish holiday we don't have a Catholic day we don't have
a German day we don't have a Brazilian day huh and our Dittinian day a Sansava during
day a day for people from Nicaragua and Africa do we have a day for any of those no a Lithuanian
day no Polish day no Russian day no Danish day no Danish is good though in the morning
not seriously how about the dead the great days why do they call them the great days because
they are great they're wonderful it's a tiny little country the size of the dust desk but
it's a little one oh it's a real small it's it's tiny Copenhagen beautiful it's really great
although it's kind of like New York you know they cleaned it up too much you always go from
understriven the other here's a mobile in Papano hello yeah talk about religion the
promises and Catholics fight every day over there no no that guy's from Miami of Ohio he's
on the last word tonight walley Zürbock yeah I can't stand that guy on the last word
but you're back tonight Zürbock he's on tonight and did you catch struck the last night yes
unbelievable and how about Lindross getting ripped off on a blade sticking in a priest
there I love it I love that I love Roger Nielsen losing it I love them getting kicked out of
the game I love watching them take it right up the old I love the net go to end after they
got two goals this love which was like really stick insulting their womb now five to two
stainless 12 games in a row the flowers are taking it up the old gas and we love it man I love
it I have been so happy in years since wreck my hobbit scored 50 goals I was disappointed
with yogga last night I thought he tried one too much you know I mean I thought he played
gray yoggers kicking ass pal don't don't be not gonna be playing the best team in league what do you
want that's right if I was crying on my way I heard the news on him yeah well they'll be all right
all right you have a great day hockey talk anybody interested in that anybody see just like when I
came on the other day was talking about walley Zürbock I'm at a great looking guy he is see there
a lot of you people out there a lot of you heterosexual people that's why I do it because I know it gets
you very aggravated and I am I can't tell you seriously it gives me so much pleasure enjoy it does I
get sexual excitement I don't even have to do anything I just think you're insane these things and
all of a sudden scored like spontaneous ejaculation that's right I get so excited because I know oh
you know it's fag stuff yeah right yeah the whole sports thing with those skimpy little uniforms
and the jock straps and taking showers you gotta just like Al Goreton said baby talk about a bunch
of faggy stuff and at wrestling stuff oh you're not fooling any of us any macho old guys like me you're
not fooling me I know a fag enterprise when I see one high school and college wrestling where they're
graphing around and one guy gets down on all fours maybe he's looking for glory holes the guy
that's down on his hands and he's maybe he's looking to see what's hanging under the edge of the stall
there and then the other guy gets on top of his back and mounts him that and I'm not making that
up that's exactly what they call it in wrestling when they get in that position one guy gets down
which I'm not sure who's the top how do they decide who's the top and the bottom by the way
huh can't miss my smacha was that how they do it or they draw straws for that they flip for it
yeah well I've heard that too that's what it said in the kunanan book he used to flip it over
yeah now the one guy mounts the other one huh is that a sport yeah I guess so
hop's on his back reaches under his crotch yeah just kind of like in football there toy
right man walks up to the center first they all huddle and hold hands you know get down on their
knees together hold hand maybe they're praying walks up to the line of scrimmage he goes up to the
center puts his hands under his rectum and starts to move them back and forth like this all around
and yelling out a bunch of numbers 69 69 and the center's been over with his life spread oh yes of
course when his legs are apart what do they call that 20 before noon at 5 60 W this walley he's
a great player okay I mean just cuz he looks so good how about if he look crappy the guys are
great player mind you oh hi all the red skins the four skins the red skin we all like the skins
down here right not the Washington red skins the mindy red skins I mean if Michigan state of
the Spartans can't do it go Miami all the way Miami whoever thought I'd be rooting for Miami team
just cuz it's you know a thousand miles away run run radio network now in honor of national
prune must regular records presents the Rolling Stone's tribute to prunes starting up now I've
never been a plugged up person but now I'm all my teammates you also here you can't always go
when you want give me paper and I can't get no bow reactions it's the Rolling Stone's tribute to
prune order now I know you're gonna make me go and I like it love it yes I do
gotta get a fucking round to anybody for tickets to see the Rolling Stones you know it's uh it's
just not not good for your image Hank see my my feeling about sucking is if you're gonna do it you
know everybody involves you get something out of me you know it should be good for both people
so what I do it it always is but that kind of sucking around I mean it's just not good for your image
people lose whatever little minimal respect they may have had for any of us just right down the toilet
especially Greg Reed in the beeslees I mean come on it had to be a joke I know he's gonna come
on today and say it was just a joke we just kidding around it has to be maybe he was off his feet huh
you know he's lost all that weight maybe he's a little bit off of his feet
anybody getting back to a duff's desk and you notice by I'll get to that you notice how as soon as I
started talking about that last topic there air be line on there was lit up we had really right
and all of a sudden now we got a few of mine here again but everybody kind of like ran away
like a bunch of pussies oh they get real nervous oh there he is with that faggy now I just wish
he wouldn't do that oh no too bad I'm gonna be doing a lot more than as a matter of fact sure
where's that picture of Wally's Serbia come from Miami from the Redskins there you go I just
kissed his redskins yeah he's a good looking guy he's a great basketball player like I said
forgetting about how he looks he's a white guy who scores like 40 50 points a game a young great
looking matinee idol white guy who's a basketball star all we can say is especially with all our
sparks is infiltrating in the national hockey league now we're going while while they're busy looking
the other way we're gonna sneak back in just like Michael Crowley only said godfather three step back
in remember that right remember that scene step back in like he was talking to a dead man who
was he talking to don't have a scene of what he said that huh step back in oh don't have a scene
won't see him no more how about that phony priest with his newly son so at any rate five six
yeah and you know it's like the thing with the raywood and the okay raywooding happens to be the
best for our team the fact that he looks good I mean you know he can't help it if it was if he
was ugly would you like him any better no no it makes no difference but there are a lot of people
in fact even mandatry I cure to that my good close friend Jim mandatry was a great talent a
super guy doesn't kiss any ass either by the way oh I'll get back to him in a minute about
Tommy Brady University of Michigan let me write these down getting so far ahead of myself see how
much better this isn't taking dumb phone calls but anyway now it is these colors suck they blow
they just see that penguin where we're with struck oh yeah that old news okay I'm about to
tell you that don't keep feeding me back my material I got the good material don't feed me back
when I already know and I told you okay about Marty struck it is God and they're telling me like
it's a news bullet like like they just discovered gold or something so Kim Bocampere and about
having I said wonderful things about Kim did not congratulate him with Tom jica wrote that big piece
about the big promotion about how he's earned it and said our good friend Tom jica
and how Kim was doing a new sports news on channel four well I happen to see Kim Bocampere
last night on channel four and he has come a long way and he's a good guy but give
me hear that expression of deer in the headlights that's what Kim and I realize it's gonna take him
a while I don't know I guess this is the first week he started on there maybe I don't know I
haven't seen him before on a channel four sports but he looked like the deer in the headlights a
little bit the startled fumbling around on reading the stuff and but he'll be fine he'll he'll
work into it because that's the kind of guy he is he's a hard worker he's determined he's
dedicated whatever he gets involved in he improves 500 percent he gets in there and does it
I just mentioned that in passing because I'm sure he knows as well as I do that he's got a
little way to go on there but he'll be fine good luck Kim Boca you deserve it baby good guy
and there's another guy not only doesn't kiss anybody's ass like Jimmy Johnson but actually was
the one guy in his radio station our sports department had the balls to stand up to him
and ask him the tough questions at a time when everybody else was going liquid liquid liquid
you know kissing area of place they could and then they still don't have the right story about
Jimmy Johnson and Wayne by the way nobody wants to believe me about that but I know the guy damn
truth about that whole deal which I told you none of the sports they're done is station wants to
touch that because it's the truth but anyway getting back to managing Tommy Brady now early
in the season when the college football was going on and Michigan was you know doing okay but I
remember manage one day saying about how they didn't one of Michigan's problems is they didn't
get a quarterback replaced Brian Greasy they didn't get a top quarterback and that was their
problem they wouldn't go anywhere and then and I kept saying this time he Brady kid okay the fact
that he's got a baby facing he looks good that's the thing managed couldn't help he's the kind of
macho sports guy as much as I love mad dog he wants him to be as ugly as he is he wants him to be
the hard-nosed like you know Greasy with a pug nose kind of like because those guys will put their
face through a brain that's what Ron Fraser used to tell me when I was doing you on baseball
he liked the ugly guys better because they would put their face into a brick wall because
what's how much worse can it get like my cutner at a boy Mike hit another one
so then Michigan wins the bowl game makes that great to come back in the fourth quarter
scores about a hundred points in the fourth quarter and here's your meditch on the air
counting hey Tommy Brady is god how great he was there you go mad yeah he came around in spite of
the fact that he's not ugly I mean does that make it a faggy thing if an athlete happens to be a
good look good huh and once that the bathing suit coming out with pop that addition with sports
illustrate with pop Elbride and I didn't just make that out by the way either it was in the god
their newspapers so it must be maybe true once that coming out and what are they going to be saying
then here's our big superstar who by the way is resuming skating again maybe maybe a
one of these days soon he might come back with prey we hope the Russian rocket the great white hope
what are they going to be saying then especially if he looks good
here's a lady in Cooper City hello yes hello yes man hi I just wanted to tell you I watched
guiding light too and did you see that thing with Roger oh no I didn't see that I don't see it
every single day on Monday the Holly of course the Ross is trying to you know get her straight
and out she's in the right I saw him go in there was that yesterday or well I just walked out of
the room I guess I didn't see that part well anyway so she was doing a flashback and she says oh
it always comes back to Roger and so they do one of their you know hearts and flowers flashback
scenes and it's a scene from quite a few years ago when she's up on the roof of a building with the
all with the original Roger throw putt of hers name was the one that died from that Michael's
as Michael's as low right right and and and I know you being a fan of the show you realize all of
the crap that they put him through and they kicked him off the ground they fired him when he was
fired and when he was dying he was speaking slowly and he was having some problems so instead of like
ABC did with one life to live fitting it in which they've done before with a lot of characters like
word power when he had her light chopped up it's that of that they fired his ass but they still
have the hoots but to put him back on with a flashback scene on tape well when they had to soap opera
awards yeah yeah only about two weeks ago they had a whole thing honoring him really and they talked
about the guiding light and that guiding light people over there and they were standing up for him
and everything it was it was you know I mean different I think is the word hypocritical yeah well
he also I think he died of Lou Gehrig's disease yeah I think I think that's what he had right right
hey miss I guess yeah her form of whatever whatever that is okay I just wanted to let you know the name
okay and what about the new new Michelle I don't like her at the beginning but she's kind of
growing on me a little bit yeah she's gonna you're right she's getting a little bit better
in fact I think she and Danny deserve each other the punishment you know yeah I think I've got to be
the smallest mafia family in the world one one one household it's a mafia family with one household
if I believe we're an amazing that we keep coming back for more than we keep watching it every day right
have a great day sweetheart you too say hi to pop a power okay how's pop a power doing how's that
ed bowler how's bird power all dead five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless
line what do you think about stuff's desk by the way I haven't gotten to that yet I'll get to it
that's that's the center piece of the show today is our program director's desk no not
seriously it's it's there's something symbolic there there's a message there and it's called a
lack of respect by the upper level management in this place for a program director and I mean you
know you got you can't have it both ways if you're going to give him the title pay him all of that
money and he's making some pretty heavy bread out of this joint if and he's a good guy never
still afraid train I wish I didn't forget out what he does but he's a good guy that much we agree
useless but a really good guy I mean well what would be would it be better if I said he does a lot
of good things and he's an asshole no useless but a great guy that's better but a desk decides
of I and it's not even a real wouldn't it's not a desk when you told me that this morning I thought
oh boy this George he's you know yankin my chain again he's always exaggerating always exaggerating
like most guys do about their penis size always exaggerating so I walked down the hall here it's
only a few steps to the right around the corner and down the bend the grandma's house I take a look
in there and and I almost fell to the floor I didn't know whether to laugh or cry
like I said Greg Reed build the you know I don't want to say build the Taj Mahal that would be
getting a little carried away but build like a nice brand new place and infernership with a bunch
of stuff from the dollar store from you know from the Camille's house from salvation army oh we got
some beautiful furniture for the offices where did you get it oh at the salvation army
he's got a table in there I swear to you that's covered it's the size of your arm it's the size
of the palm of your hand it's about it's about the size of an average human rectum is what it is
a folding table I have folding table you couldn't even play cards on that seriously you couldn't have
a card game on that table that's how small it is they're not exaggerating solitary yeah right
maybe you can know and not not now because everything he's got is it takes up the whole desk it's
spilling over the edges whatever the hell is that he's got on earth so I have vowed today that I'm
personally going to take responsibility if this place is too cheap I'll either buy it myself just
like what a satellite dish or will arrange for Joe Rosoli maybe he'll sell us a nice desk in
there for enough at cost or something I'll pay for it not that I owe the program director anything
but it's just the idea that I feel I have an ego problem working in a radio station where my
program director has got a desk the size of like little kids in school you know when you were in
school and you sat down at your desk that desk was gigantic compared to what he's sitting at
in there and at least in school your desk didn't fold over it wasn't a portable right how'd you
like to walk in here's the CEO of General Motors you walk into his office he's sitting in a little
fold over like at a card table would you have any respect for him no would you think that the company
had any respect for him no of course not it's a it's a symbol of a total lack of respect it's like
putting up a big message on the wall saying hey all you people out there he may have the title
of program director but take a look at the desk we put it in that you tell you how much to pay
attention to this guy there are five year old kids out there who have their computer set up on
bigger desk than our program that's that's no lie your daughter Georgia's 10 year old daughters
got a bigger desk for her computer than our program director's got for his whole office in
there and his office by the way is the size of a broom closet she's actually got a desk
Jesus Christ we don't want to make you feel bad stuff but CEO Rogers got
father in law we could get off my bus think your daughter so perfect why she can't read such a
putt father in law you think you better than me but I don't need in cafeteria and I have
every dear
so
As the kids are, who's bothering long, with the eye of the creep
But ain't clipping coupons every day of the week
I've got this like you, don't throw this dog track
And I don't drink hot coffee when I eat a big bag
You're a daughter in my wild, I will not destroy her
You just have to get over it, you need to bury us on it
Probably three and five sixty, I mean, you can see I'm the one that you're showing
The award-winning sports nerd station for the 90s
By the way, everybody's South Alcom was just in here
What is that? Oh, that's a...
This back machine, Jesus! Oh, here we go
There you go, there's some naval pictures for you
More of this porno, if it's not in the mail, let's come off the...
Well, you don't have to send us any pornographic because they're in black and white, okay?
We got a real cheap black and white fax machine
And they're always these pretty marginal guys anyway
You guys, you fags out there, you got really crappy taste
That's something all this porno
We're going to bring in some real good pictures
And paste them all over the walls in here and embarrass them out of all these sports nerds
Actually, it might not embarrass them, it might arouse them
But anyway, we'll find out
I'll guarantee they'll be open up to doors looking around
I want to apologize to Zolt and I look his name out
Was that what he stuck his head about this morning?
I was doing the list of the salespeople
No
Oh, good, he don't listen anyway, he's a good guy
He's all right, you don't like him
Anyway, South Alcona and Italian foods
They brought us in our sole water, the best in the universe, bottled in northern Italy and the Alps
And also brought me in a great magazine like Ucina Taliana
And a big one also for Mamacita, for my mother
And I'm going there today, by the way, Verolio extra virgin olive oil
That's the best to give you one of those ones
Did he?
I used it on my cell at all times
It's not even bad on your hemorrhoids, either, as a matter of fact
That's all you
Mmm
Love that Italian stuff, baby, and then he brings me a big, a big one
A big, gigantic metal container of the Verolio
Which you got to show extra virgin olive oil from Henry Lee Company, by the way
Give them all the right plugs, see that's how you do it
We're loaded with stuff, we got our water here, we got a cooler coming
Oh, you know what's going to happen?
The water nachee is going to be upset
See, we're interfering with her turf now
Don't you understand?
We only been here like three days now, up on the third floor, and already we're interfering with the little empires of some of these empire builders up here
Well, should that bug her then, nobody has to go into her office, nobody's going to bug her
Because then she can't bitch everybody out
What do you think she comes in for every day, do the log, are you out here mine?
It's the water nachee, don't take any more of that
That cost us money, God damn it
Yeah
Oh, so anyway, getting back to Duff Desk, we need a water distributor by the way
Yeah, now that we got a water cooler coming in, we need a water distributor
Somebody that does bottle water
Crystal, Defer Hill
One of those right
Remember that water guy that got lost his job, God can, he was kind of a pain in the ass
Remember you used to call an eye out the all the time, Sparky
Yes, what a memory, Sparky, I think that's where they put him in Rayford
I don't think we'll be seeing him anymore
I think our water guy was in Sparky as we did it
But we'll get a water, we'll get it all taken care by the end of this week
Just like we forced, we embarrassed them to go and gotten that little visfer
Did the people by the way were thank us for that
They, the people by the way from other sports, third part of the station
Ever come by since we're up on the third floor now and say thank you
Because if it wasn't for you and your lawyer putting up a big stick and threatening to take him to court
We never want to have these studios in the first place, we'd still be riding over there with a bugs on Sheridan Street
Anybody ever thank us for that?
No
No, I'm grateful, Spinal's Cowards
That's right, that's the only reason you're up here, okay?
The project would have been another four years at least
You should live so long they would have gotten this done
Here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello
Hi Neil
Yes ma'am
You said to St. Patty, the only one that has a holiday, you have Black History Month and you have the United Nations Day that takes care of everything else
Black History Month is in the holiday
That's an entire holiday
No
If you work for Dave County, it is
It is?
They have parties, they have everything
What about white history month?
There isn't one
Gay history month?
There isn't one
Jewish history month?
That comes under United Nations Day everything else
You Korean history month?
No
You're the United Nations
Serbian, Latvian history month?
Because we're supposed to dress on United Nations Day in the year
You're the American history month?
That's me
Are you a Czech?
Yeah
All right, so all the good hockey players come from by the way
I don't know all I know how to do St. Zelley in Yaksha Mosh
No, he plays for the Uranus
Oh, okay
I have a good one
And thanks a lot
Okay, that's a good point
Come on, let's hear from some of you Irish drums
I mean, some of you Irish out there
What this is all about
That guy from Naples, he was good
Bogus Holiday in St. Patti's Day in Green beer in Green bagels
You know, they just make this crap up
And nobody ever stops to ask the question
They just go along with it like most sheep out there
They just go along with the pogrom
I don't understand it
People are always saying to me
Well, don't you wonder or don't you ask about how we got here
And about God?
Of course not
Because those are the things I could never possibly know the answers to
He just make a lot of stupid guesses
And what everything doesn't really make
But as far as how the St. Patti's Day thing came about
There is a history to it
There is a tangible beginning and hopefully an end like soon
To all this crap
Of St. Patti's Day
With all these parades
And all of this
I mean, please tell me what the Irish out of the machinities
Joe McCarthy, he was Irish
Oh, well, you know, we had Mairlansky too
And the facts we had Andrew Kinnan
And we had John Wayne Gacy
Every group has got its black sheep
Right?
We had Bugsy Siegel, the Jews in Mairlansky
And Josh Friedman
You know, so what?
There you go, what a trifect of that is baby
Right on the money
Nobody's perfect
Except the Germans
Just ask them
Nine minutes at least they were consistent anyway, you know
Nine minutes past noon at 560 WQAM
Finger right, my baby
Oh, dry
When the squad of back gets lonely
Or he likes receivables that are wise
Some people say that number eight is gay
They say Troy loves the big brown eye
Ackman
He goes down on his knees, Ackman
It's guy and he likes the knees, Ackman
He loves the stab cowboys on their behind
Ackman
Ackman
He's got a spotless reputation
America's team is world renowned
But is Troy gay
I've heard some people say
In the heart of he goes down
Ackman
He goes down on his knees, Ackman
I can't suppose to squeeze Ackman
Don't lift him
Cause he likes it from behind
Are you sure?
Well, 15 to 560 WQAM
I realize that sports nerds in general tend to be pretty god damn dumb
But the facts machine that we have in here
We get all these facts coming in here for people in the sports department
And you know what they never get to them because this isn't their number
And you're wasting our facts paper with a lot of crap that we have no interest in about this and about that
And stuff that I'd be embarrassed to even tell you what it's about
It's so juvenile
Do you think giving the right number out on the air would help?
Well, this is an anti-sports show
In other words, why do they know our facts number?
That's what I'm curious about
Is the facts number for the rest of the sport?
Is it similar?
They changed stations and we're using our studios for that time
That was real weak machine
Yeah, we'll never call the people back to give them the other ones
Well, probably cause they don't have a phone to call the people back on
Don't you understand?
Are you out of your mind?
You're expected we're going to come up with a phone for those people to call?
Yeah, Chris, I don't bite, not you anyway
No chance, thank you, sir
You're also damn...
Now, what is this?
So this is an office...
Now, where did he type this, by the way?
Huh?
Certainly not on that tiny little desk that he's got in that office
Have you ever...
Have you seen that desk in our program director's office?
It's not even a card table
You couldn't even play part-cheesy
You couldn't play solitaire in there on that
By the way, did you notice how much bigger and nicer Sam's office is?
Oh, Sam's got a big plus office
He don't do anything, he's got a big office
You see, this all goes back
This is what I brought it up
You see, you're pushing me
I'll see you get ahead of me
I can look this thing to a 2 o'clock with the...
The...The...Duff's desk
Sam's got a nice desk
Sam's got a big one, okay?
And his desk is beautiful
Sam is a big one
But, uh...you know, and then, of course, Matty and Sales...
One of our 25 Sales Managers who's also got naked
Here's a guy that's like 2 feet tall
What does he need a big office like that for?
He's like a little pussion, that's how small he is
He's like a midget
And he's got this big spacious office
Because he's another guy that's got naked pictures
You can tell, you know, Duff has got no naked pictures
He's in a broom closet
Sam, the sham, who's like part of the family, eats for free at Greg's house any time he wants
He's got books of naked pictures
You know how people have scrapbooks and they can like...
They collect baseball cards, different trading cards, they put CDs now and those things
He's got volumes of those
Naked pictures
The beesleaves, Greg Reed, and Ed Moose all together
Who else?
Oh, it's Gwen
Now she's got the...I don't know
That's to keep her on the string, I guess
She's got kind of like a marginal one in there, that office
She's got a small orifice
That's what...
Roy!
But they're trying to like, hell to make it bigger
But anyway
Isn't that what Roy said?
They're trying to get her into a bigger one is what he said
They try to move her up in the world
I mean, she's part of the...
She's got a lot of naked pictures, of course she's in most of them, that's the problem
That's why she's got a small orifice
And then we got the water not see
She's got a big oroman air
She sits there on her throne every morning, I don't know how to haul away
Oh yeah
She's got naked pictures that haven't been invented yet
So, you know, he has all of these not so subtle ways of setting messages
Who are the chosen people and who are the, you know, hundredlings
As Joe Ross says, the hundred dogs
We got two lines lit on the board here today, but I'm just loaded with good stuff
And the audience just like yesterday, just like Monday, very, very weak
I don't understand what the deal is here this week, you know?
Especially today, this has been a siblings
They're talking about this show from coast to coast today
Every country in the world, in the United Nations, this show is the topic of their discussion today
And this audience, nothing
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line
We're talking about St. Patrick's Day, we're talking about history
We're talking about people who kiss the boss's ass
We're talking about guiding light
We're talking about people who have a little one and a small desk too
We're talking about guys that hang it under the stall in the toilet
We're talking about the South Beach being the gay Latin capital of the world
Well, that makes all those hulios
A lot of fags down there, man
A lot of gree-stop body building, steroid doing, ecstasy loving
Hustlin fags
Here's Miami, hello
Oh, new Mark Williams
Yes
That'd be St. Patrick's Day, you're both
No, okay
Like I said, no material but describe this week
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line
Very weak, I sure enjoy hearing myself a lot more than these stupid calls, you know
I hell of a lot, no contest
Maybe before the end of the week will come up with a real phone call
Here's a mobile in home, but the Latin young ladies, they were good
That was great, here's a mobile in homestead, hello
How you doing, Dale?
Okay, sir
You sound like you work for the commoners party
Yeah, I do, I'm coming east
Yeah, how do you get a water cooler without no water?
What does that mean?
Well good is that water cooler or doing up there without any time water?
Where are we getting the water cooler from, George?
From Bob from Dickensighter
Oh, see the guy from that's bringing it to us is not a water distributor guy
He just, he's working on that
We're also working on that, if we may have that done, I'm sure we'll have it done by two o'clock
Yeah, I used to build a water to your old studios for crystal water water, I like that
Is this Sparky?
How is this one Sparky here?
Oh, no, we used to have a guy named Sparky that used to bring him out until he put him away
He worked at crystal?
I think he was with the Zeffer Hills, I think
I think that's where you'll find his body
Well, anyways, I really mean
Well, I mean, is this like an offer to bring us water?
I'm sure that it's not because you would have said that already
Well, you know, I'll give you a good price
Yeah, I'll do it
Well, we'll keep it in mind
Alright
We can't get it free, we'll keep you in mind
Neil, I want to talk to you about
Guys who says they can't admit how the guys are, you know, an apple is good looking
or whatever the case might be
That's more and more straight guys put on a big egg
I don't really know if he looks good, I don't know about guys
And what is that?
That's such a pussy attitude man, that's such a cop out
I think it takes a bigger man to, you know, to admit something like that
Yeah, anything that's hard, I can pull me
These sports guys, I mean, if they don't think this wall is survy at guy, you know,
remind me of how is a real good looking guy, then there's something wrong with them
I guarantee 90% of the people in this audience wish they only looked like him
Well, they're a bunch of bag of foebies
That's right, exactly
Anyways, 500 metaconies
A bunch of chinnuts
Right
When you go to a club, you see all these guys standing around
I come, they don't hit on the floor
Why don't they hit on all these beautiful women?
Yeah
And I was asking Corey Sabin at last week, can you just stood there and give me a stutter to laugh?
Yeah, well, I had a neighbor who said he was a big macho
And every time they pointed out a guy, look at that guy, he's alright, looking at me
We had a party, whatever
He was married, and according to him, he was straight
Tell him to show us what's raw cousin, okay?
He said he was straight, it could be
And one night his wife gets home, gets what?
He was like, that's right, having another guy
Yeah
Oh, I don't really believe in that crap
Well, he'd like to spread it around
Have a great day, happy day, Patty's day to you, sir
Alright, thank you
I've blessed you all, that's what Tiny Tim said, was he Irish?
Yeah
How about him and his screws? He was English and Bob Craction
Tiny Tim, he was Irish, but haven't he used his screws?
Kind of like him and his screws, he had the right attitude, screw him all
We have an open line in somewhere, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
By the way, did we mention today about what an asshole at Mark Benson is?
Oh yeah, there was some really amazing number
Yeah, they're amazing, alright, especially that point one Henry
I mean, I wish Henry only the best
You know, he needs our best wishes, he needs a miracle is what he needs
See, if somebody would have just told Vanirie he could never make it without Roger's entertainment report
You know, I'm they telling that
That's what Roger always used to tell us
Oh, the only reason Vanirie's still on here is my entertainment report
Roger used to say that every goddamn day, not that I want to stir up any trouble
Anybody here, Vanirie yet on JNA?
No
Yeah, yesterday, for spy reports about Vanirie, anybody here?
No
No
Mobile and sunrise, hello
Deal, yes sir
You and Manidz are by far the best thing on that station
Well, that's for sure, I mean, it's not even a contest
I can't figure out why Mad Dog's not on a 6 p.m. slot
Well, because Mad Dog has a construction company which is where he makes most of his money
and he can only, you know, be on so much with some unfortunate things
But I got your theory
When I first came to this station, I told Greg Reed
We should have Manidz on a hell of a lot more, Mr. and he's, eh, eh, eh
I got a theory, I think maybe Booger Shamby spent some time on Hank's casting couch
Is that it?
I think that might be it
Yeah, or maybe they just ate a lot of meals together, that could be it
Thank you for barking up the wrong tree on that one, sir
We have an open line at day 567-0560 and 0.560 on a mobile one line
Let me say it again, we got the water cooler taken care of
We're going to have a water service in here by the end of the day
We're going to take care of a desk for Duff Lindsay
Because if you're in this business and you don't have to be a big shot
If you're even like a medium shot
Even if you're like a piss pot rhymes with big shot
You should be able to get all kinds of good stuff
That's part of what's been, I mean for Christ's sake
Who in the right mind is going to work for the kind of crappy money they pay us here, huh?
This is their idea of the big bucks, what they're paying me?
Oh, see, just keep, just stick it in there and keep grinding
Why do you think Greg can't afford a haircut?
Because he's paying me so much
I'm going to send to this right now, Kay, if Greg Reade was making as much money on the Wain High Zingha stuff
That's on his radio station, percentage wise, as he's making on this show
He could afford a haircut
He could afford to call Charles Alfie Ehr and get a haircut
No, can't do that
Because he's giving all the money to Wain
Who also, by the way, don't even want to haircut
And by the way, just stop and think about that
Okay, giving a piece to Wain? Oh my god
What is it? I bet he's got this on his...
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No, he's like Klondike bars
You love Bulldike bars
Hey you, what would you do for a Bulldike bar?
What's a Bulldike bar?
It's a big iron bar that Bulldike's hit men with
Say you're a man!
Oh, I enjoyed it!
I guess you don't have to do anything for a Bulldike bar
Here, have another one!
You pig!
Bulldike bars, if you're a man, you don't have to do anything
Just hang around and I'll tell you what you'll get one
Ow, cut that!
You pig!
You man!
You pig!
Call 30-560-WQM
Our poll question today is which handglobe you like best?
Yesterday's ass-sucking handglobe or these will feisty
Tell it like it is...
Hey, stupid handglobe, that's our poll question
Here we got some water is what I understand Larry
Yes sir, hi Neil!
How you doing?
You can refer to me as water boy
Water boy huh?
All my friends call me water boy
I bet they do, sitting on the end of the bench
Gunga din!
How you doing?
Great!
My company, I was listening to an avid listener but I don't get to call in much
I'm the owner of a bottle of water company in Southgate and we'd be willing to own it
You own it?
I do!
Wow!
How about that?
Better get to know Larry real well
It's a family-owned business, it's father and son
Yeah
I thought that would be a good company
We'd be willing to donate water to the station
and for you and George and all the other guys to drink
as long as you plug it every once in a while
Sure, how proud everybody how great it is
Absolutely
If it's a done deal, what I'll do is when you put me back on hold
I'll get your tax number from George and I'll tax you over for Puzzle
and we'll start delivering tomorrow
Excellent, thanks Larry
You got it!
Hang on, we don't have the cooler yet
What you tell him that, okay, you work it out
When is that, that's what you're here for
You're supposed to take care of all of these things
Which so far we're at the satellite comedy network
We ain't taking care of all of that thing yet
I think that Tom Chauvin, we've got to get Boca Brian working on that
Come on, get a hold of Tom Chauvin up there in the Eropoca
I think he had one meal too many
Put him right over the edge
Maybe for St. Paddy's day
5, 6, 7, 05, see what did I tell you here?
It's only 1230
We got now and a half to go, okay
We got a cooler, we got the water
We got all the food we could ever possibly want
and then some anytime we want it
For free
And we do share by the way
We feed anybody that has the balls to stop in
If we got something for them, we always share
That's the way to do it
We're in broadcast, I know that comes into shock to the people in this building
Because they work for Greg Reed
We're in broadcasting, we're superstars, we're on the radio, we're in the media
Even as marginal as this place is, we're in the media
We shouldn't have to be a shell on our bucks
We're, you know, give a guy a little bit of a plug-in
Which is not illegal by what, it's illegal plug-o-la
That's fine
All you gotta do is say we're doing it, we're doing it
That's all
For crying out loud, these people here
You got a good drama, a map and a diaphragm
To show them how to get out of bed in the morning
The most simple, basic things, the most rudinary elements of the broadcasting business
And these people don't have it because they work for Greg Reed
Maybe if he gets a haircut, maybe if he clears out that area where his brain used to be
Maybe to let, you know, the pores of his brain breathe a little bit
Get some of the feeling and sense back up there
Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello
Yeah, hi, Neil
Yes, ma'am
First time caller
Great
Going back about an hour, so you were talking about guiding light and the guy that just died
Roger, yeah, Michael Zazzle, right?
Okay, it wasn't MS, it was ALF
Oh
And the only reason that I'm calling correcting you is because that's what my husband has
Oh
And not many people know about it, so I just thought, well, if you're gonna call it MS, let's call it what it really is
Okay
Because it's really something that they need to work on and it's a real sad degenerate disease
Right
So I hope you don't mind
Okay
Did you see that, Joe, on Monday?
No, I did, it's kind of hard to watch things like that
Yeah, I would think, well, not by me, he, you know, it was a flashback, we're seeing with him
And it was only under a few seconds, but I thought, he had the way they treated him so poorly on there and fired his ass
And shoved him off the show and then the other thing to do
And then they used flashbacks, you know, to use him again, I thought that was bad
He was a handsome man, I had seen him on one of the documentaries on ALF about
Right, he did a lot of good things about him
Including when he went on one life, but whatever I think was one life to live on ABC, he did good stuff on there for it
Right, and he, you know, he was real strong and he was real courageous
Right
It's a real difficult thing to do, but, you know, they shouldn't, it was a bad thing to do
I heard you talking about it and I thought that was really very unfair
Yeah, really attacking. Okay, good luck sweetheart
Take care
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line
We're teaching you how to snore for stuff here, folks, that's why most of you move to Florida, right?
Uh-huh
To be a snore, to get anything you can for free, or at least the early bird, get it at a discount
Here's a mobile in pointin V, chill out
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
Another same fatty day has come around and I have a question, I'm hoping you are one of your listeners can call in an answer for me
Yeah
I want to know if cornbeafing cabbage is a traditional Irish peel served laid back, or is somebody named 80 on a low-rear side
Have a hell of a lot of cornbeaf left over one day and uh...
I think it's an England thing, now maybe it's the wingland by way of all the Irish is like the Kennedys that came to the wingland
I know it's big in the wingland
And I'm making a name for that for danger
From Ireland, is it people in Ireland, eat cornbeafing?
Well, we'll find out, sir, it's another part of our learning experience today
Exactly, it's always an acquiring mind wants to know
Okay, we'll find out
Thank you
Happy St. Patty's Day
Yep
And happy the 80's says, to you too, what he said
Okay, there you go, there's the challenge for you since we got two calls on the board
Boy, these people on a phone this week are really spastic
And by the way, how do you like that new phone system we're supposed to get up here?
No
Did they get that office phone for the uh... sports uh... for the other 20 hours a day to get sports phone in the studio?
No
Did you get a desk yet?
No
See, now that we've got to take into water problem, next we'll move right along, see
To Duff's desk and like I told you, and I'm not joking if they won't take care of it, I will
How could you treat your program director so shabbyly?
I only wish that we were still on whammy, I would tell Joe the uh...
Camera guy to go in there and shoot a picture of that little...
It's not even a table, it's like a folding chair
You can even read the goddamn newspaper on that thing, it's so small
And they think that because they build a bunch of barren walls up here with some drywall and paint
That this is a radio station, is that their idea of the business?
That's as close as Greg Read can come to the idea of the business
But hey, it gets free rolling stones to get... there you go, come on the guy
I just... I don't understand it, I don't get it, I don't get the priorities
I mean if you have any suffering spec, if you're a professional, don't you want to have good stuff to work with?
Don't you want it to sound good? Don't you want to like work with a professional operation and like, you know, as opposed to...
Are we on the air? Are we on it, you know, like every day of your life?
Here's Coconut Grove, hello?
Hello now?
Yes?
Yeah, I was listening yesterday to the Hummer, I was taking my kid to the doctor
What a sucked you
And I couldn't believe it, I thought he was really playing around
He was not, he was serious
You know, and I know you listen to him on the way home and I said, maybe if Neil listens to it, he's gonna freak
I wanna, he just put me over the edge, you know, he just put me right over that
I can believe it, I gotta listen to him today, I listen to him every day
He was playing around, he's gotta be playing around
He had to be, not that you have to stop
No
You know, and every...
And the thing about the beesleys and what great guys they were and how downer earthen
If you could meet these guys there, I'm serious, you wouldn't even eat and win articles with these people
That's how smart we they are
It sounds so cheap
Because you'd have to pick up the tab
You know, in different jobs I had in my lifetime
The first thing I stress to the my bosses is I don't suck any ass
Right
And I'm told them literally, the only suck I suck literally is my wife and I don't do nobody else sucking
So you know, and I see it happens in every business
You see certain individuals going through the bosses offices and just sucking ass, man
And so, okay
Hey, don't you hate that?
Oh my God, and that's the main reason Neil that I love listening to you
I might not agree with everything you say
But the main reason that I love listening to you for many many years is because you say it as it is
And you don't suck anybody's ass
That's right
You know, not any ass anyway
It's sobriot ass, man
In closing, not only the Hengelberg, this one is a mother of a fool
Oh man
I know what that means, it means ass sucker is what that means
But it did say now you got to put that on till we got to have that
Right?
Is that not what that meant?
Ass sucker
And esponial
That was, sir, that you, we give him a prize if we have sent him a bottle of water this guy, that was great
Benissimo, most of the band we have, but 22 till one we got a 400 open lines here, let's hear about
See, no Irish people in this audience
Either that or of course it's past noon so it is St. Pettys day to probably all laid out by now
That's right
Like any other day
5 6 7 0 5 60
0 5 60 on a mobile one line
Let's hear about the corn beef
Let's hear about the great Irish cuisine
That's like English cuisine
Now let's see, they got spotted dick
And they got
What was it, Nash?
Bangers in Nash
And what are they called potato chips there?
They call them
They call french fries chips
The chips, yeah everything with chips, that's french fries chips
Don't forget to odin the hole
And to odin the hole on the spotted dick, there you go
In fact I was once using the restroom at Heathrow, what is that, the airport there?
Heathrow and London
And I looked down there and there was a big hole, I thought is that a towed my hole or is that a spotted
I spotted something
Maybe it was just underneath the bottom of the end, that's what Margaret Ortsett, okay?
I still, I met some people all over the world are thinking about that right now
And people on the listening on the audio net all over the world, Margaret Ortsett says that it's a glory hole
The etiquette is that a guy sticks his penis under the stall
Guy must be a midget like a meddy bell, he must be a midget
To be able to be down there that low, the stick his penis under the stall
Christ
21-1-560, maybe that's why Elton John, maybe that's where I got the inspiration for that song
You know, I want to be your acrobat, that guy had to be it
Come along with me to blow up an abortion plan, A to kill another doctor who was murdering a kid
If you speak with a draw and have a bad attitude, then grab a can of gas and you can burn them down to abortion clinic, that is
Ain't nothing like the smell of nurses on fire
Now if you drive a truck and wear a smelly hat, then all the villagers is welcome
After we make a clinic explode, we'll go find a nigger and drag them down the road
We'll be proud you're from the South Boy, double-eyed Southern pride
Now if there's a few woman trapped inside, we'll rape her in the ass and steal her first before she dies
Can paraphrase the Bible to validate our barbarism ignorance and seething aid
Inbred that is, fire up some garbage through a stoop
Now we are the Christian soldiers of God, who like to wipe our house with an old porn god
And we're not burning churches or clinics down, we play our bandoes in the trees with penis in our mouth
That's what Christians require, right there in the old ground-eye
245 and 560 WQM, QAAM, hello
Yeah, hi, what does Neil want to know about the Irish?
Anything you know, this is me, I picked up coal because George is busy taking information
Probably for something free we're going to get
This is the taste of Irish from the brought to crunchies alongside me, guess
Oh, don't do that anymore, please
Oh god, it's a miracle I survived between the crunchies and the smarties
I'm telling you
I know
So what about the guy who I want to know about cornbeast and cabbage? Is that real authentic Irish cuisine or could I just make that up?
I'll be honest with you Neil, as far as I know cornbeast is a Jewish
Yeah, that was his point, cornbeast astronomy, how do the Irish deal that?
We do eat cornbeap over there, but we don't have it like, you know, the way yours is real red, you've got all the spices in there
Yeah, mine's real red and the spices right
But yeah, we like bacon and cabbage is primarily the Irish
Bacon and cabbage?
Bacon and cabbage
Do I do like bacon?
Well, it's not the bacon that you were thinking of
What is it?
Well, we call that bacon rachers
Rachers?
Rachers
Oh, rachers, yeah
You know the bacon you fry in the pan?
If I, what does that mean, a racher of bacon? What does that mean?
I have no idea
Oh, what you've heard that expression happened, yeah?
I'm not wrong, can I am Irish?
I am working today
I'll tell you something, it's the Americans, they just have to do everything bigger and better than everybody else
Yeah
And paint in the street, it's street green and so on
And what about the snakes?
What does all that thing about the...
I don't have any snakes, Nern
You know?
No, same Patrick, banish them all
Oh, that's right, same Patrick, you're rid of all the snakes
Right, yeah, you won't see a snake, oh
They just have the Loch Ness monster there in the swimming around
The Loch Ness, yeah
Right
And what about the kils and bagpipes?
I thought that was a Scottish thing
Well, it is, but it's a... it's a comeback to the kils
Everybody's they're all kind of related to Celtic
They're Celtic?
Yeah, and that's kind of where the bagpipes and...
I thought about the bagpipes, so you're going to play them
Oh yeah, absolutely
Oh, great, that sounds good
Well, have a happy St. Patty's day sweetheart
Well, when I do have an Irish beer, I'll toast to you
Okay, I love you
See ya
See ya, bye
See that, everybody steals from the Jews, man
The Glamestold, the Old Testament from the Jews, the Pope stole the Beans from the Jews
Irish are stealing corn, be from the Jews
It's just like the thing with the sports, with the smarts are stealing all of our sports away
And now they want to take over hockey too
Christ
What are we getting for free by the way, who are you talking to?
You said a moment, please, we're getting some...
Q-A-M, hello
Oh, now what is wrong with that?
Colleague, it happens to be a sponsor of WQ-A-M
And they would love to bring us free water
Well, so what's going to happen with Larry?
Well, we just have hats off the lyrics
Thank you, Larry, but...
Well, thanks, Larry, but we'll think about you next time
Because Colleague is one of our fine sponsors
And you use Colleague in the home for their water softener by way and pay for it
I actually pay for it, how do you like that?
And they would love to provide us water
So thanks anyway, Larry, we're a great guy, we'll keep you in mind and good luck with your business
And we'll give you a free plug anyway sometime
So, which one of the answers was that that we just done?
That we just done, that we had a dump, huh?
Which Jack asked was that?
Oh, some Drunken Irishman?
And it's always the excuse we were drunk, yeah, we didn't remember
560, that's what the Hitler said too
560, 750, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line
Here's a Boynton B, chill out
Yeah, Neil
Yes, sir
You know, you sound so surprised about Hank, but you remember when he had to show an IOD at night?
Yeah
He cost more marshmallows than anybody
I know that, and I mean, he's never been tough with the guests, but I'm talking about kissing as the management
Yeah, but that, I mean, that's the way Hank is, and we'll learn about what he, with Brian Cox, the same thing he had that subhuman illiterate on there
Right, that's true
And he was always kissing as the, and Brian Cox is
Tell us what a great guy he is, that's a good point
Exactly, I mean, that's what he has to do
Yeah
Hank is always like that
Well, Hank likes everybody to like him, you know, that, that, that, that, Hank's thing I think he wants
And I say years ago that Hank wants to be Larry King of sports
That's exactly right
Much the kiss a lot I asked, drop a lot of names there, we're gonna like him
But, you know, there's something to be said for that I guess
Exactly, but don't kiss the management's ass
And especially the beastly, please, it gives me a, a, a shilky's when I hear that
That's right, listen if you get it sense, anything by Brian Cox
Okay
Okay, see you
And that's true, well of course you know, the sports nerds radio
They have to like, oh, anybody who ever wore a jog strap, they got a kiss their ass telling how great they were
Until they leave town
Oh, we even have to buy a Cox left town
So, what the f***, they were still kissing his ass for whatever reason I don't know
Wow, he's in a horse business, yeah, great
5, 6, 7, well we got a hundred open lines here, I'll tell you that
I can't imagine why this has been, we had telegrams from the United Nations, from the White House
From Key West, from Aliquipa, Pennsylvania, all over the country about what an unbelievable show this is today
And we still got 200 open lines on there, I don't get you people this week
I must be intruding on a, being on their parade
Well that's right, I'm not allowed in that St. Patti's Day parade am I?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line
Lots and lots of open lines as we ate for eight and weighed
So we got Colligan with the water
We're gonna get a hold of Joe Resoli, we got the catalog you're gonna bring in tomorrow
I'm gonna pick out a nice desk for a Duff, I mean it's gonna be my gift to him
What do you think, Okra Mahogany look good in there
I, well whenever, whatever he wants, whatever you think would look good in there, I don't care
And that isn't sucking around because that's not my style
But that just, it's just doing what's right
And you're right Mr. You know something, we ought to come in here about one o'clock in the morning
When nobody else is here and swap his stuff and Sam swap the offices
No seriously, how come a guy, I mean they both do nothing, that's a given
But at least we like Duff, he's a good guy
You know, two guys that do nothing and once they got a bigger title than they had once supposedly
One is the program director, the other we don't know what the other guy's title is
Besides, you know, a free loader, Sam the Sham
And he's got an office three times the size of our program director
Who's got an office the size of a telephone booth
Like I said, it's a message
This is the way Greg Reed sends the message
Depending on how important you are in this joy, that's how big it's going to be in your office too
Yeah, look at the little room George is in there
Mine is twice as big as yours, Mr. and mine ate that big
I leave me, a long time ago
Huh? I mean you're, seriously, your room is about, I would say, a half of the size of what it was downstairs
A third maybe
A third
Thanks a lot Greg, I guess he's trying to give you a message where you stand in this joy
Maybe he heard that 20 minutes on Friday
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello
Hello, and here
Yes, mind me, yes, but you're playing with the shaleili too much
Yes, that it, that's all
Oh, okay, thanks, thanks for your weak material, sir, and go back to Dublin
Start doubling your pleasure
56670560 and 0.560 on the mobile one line
Week
Here's Miami, hello
Neil, is it true that Henry Barrow is going to be replaced by Larry King's good friend and mentor Sam Geisson?
Yeah, as soon as they can find some teeth that fit
Okay, that's what Ken Maldon told me
In fact, I bet you Ken Maldon's got some great stories
Ken used to be involved, of course, with this game, Ken O'Clapp, or a hundred years great guy
Love Ken Maldon
And of course, they used to do that to Bobby Silver's and Sam Geisson and Tom Jicca
All those geeks were there together with those dog racing shows
Remember those days?
Oh, God
Sam Geisson is the only man who ever did television in this market
Even though it was on one of, it was like Channel 51 before they changed to a no-specating lace, I think
Only guy ever did TV in this market with no teeth
Yeah, he used to gum the show
He used to gum it
I wonder if he's still alive, Sam
Oh yeah, he is still alive because remember Larry King was going to get him a show to get him back on the year
Don't you remember that? Whatever happened to that?
On that bogus surf station that your close personal friend
What was his name, the guy with the parking lot? Jack Mark
Jack Mark, that asshole
Gotta bring that slime back up here
Oops
Yeah, right
Hey, Jack over there at the surf
He's an asshole
Everybody tells me that
Even Sam Geisson told me that
Here's Westchester, hello
Hello, Michelle
Yes
I should go and know young dessert to be treated so bad, you know
Like what?
Well, you're not allowed to get all kinds of good stuff for free here
Oh, you're not used to the audience, you're not used to calling audience sucks, I'm used to that
You're not used to that
That's why I was watching Channel 10
And there was someone in Trirail, they were doing a series on Trirail about how people get fined
And if you don't have your password, you're in stuff
And there were everyone a couple of the slippers on there that had gotten fined
Well, guess who one of the slippers was?
Merit Steerheim
Mayor Ponyer, that's Gil Carroyo
You know Gil Schmorddett
The former DJ who now works at Denny's, I believe
Oh, not Greg Vudeau
Yeah, Greg Vudeau
Oh my God, you mean Greg Vudeau, who everybody hates like poison?
That's right, and there were any real like he was a regular Joe Schmohs, you know
And he looked the same except that he had like some liver spot on his face or something
No, those were liver spots from the liver and onions of the Sterling Country Diner
Yeah, they were
But I couldn't believe it, you know
I was just some splatter off the platter
Not only does he not have a German in radio anymore, but he doesn't have a car in him
Sterling, keep in mind, Sterling Country Kitchen
Sterling Country Kitchen
He used to be a waiter, he's washing dishes there now
Poor guy man
He's having a hard time
He always used to keep asking him, one bad question is everybody hate me and we all used to say
And then he got more and more more roasted depress than we'd say
He do hate you Greg, he has no talent but other than that
He has no shame, he has no shame
And you know, I'm ready to brought him up because he's a perfect example
All of the newspaper are people in the sherry woods and Tom Jicke
And everybody ever wrote a radio column in this market
They were Linda Thornton, they had this obsession with Greg Buidel
And he never had any ratings, he never had any talent, he was never anything in this market
And of course, looking, he's now he's waiting tables at an old jury atrick arrest rotten in Hollywood
Me on the other hand, most of them hate like poison, they go out of their way to avoid saying anything positive about me
And in the meantime, we're sitting here kicking ass
So of course, the show is the newspapers in this town have got no cloud, none
Absolutely not
No cloud
They don't know what the hell they're talking about, no
Exactly, they're full of it
He was enclosing me like a kitty-catches alone
Okay, back to your opusie, thank you
1255 and 560 WKMO
Thank God for George Dillon, one really good thing this week and fixing this chair, oh what a difference this is made
I'm serious, my kishkis were getting twisted
Sitting in this chair for one and a half days the way it was
It was like I was a hunched over like Larry King without the suspenders
And he is a hunchback, you know, you know that?
A hunchback
I have a hunch
God, he's just talking about an ass kiss
Man
Who the hell the hell the hell the hell the hell is on the other night? It's about three seconds, oh Pat Robertson
Sucking his ass, sucking his ass, God
It's ridiculous
All these fakers, all in any was doing the show I didn't see last night, thank God I was watching a penguin game
And a little bit of that flyer game, so I'll last yeah
AHHHHH
With all due my friend Ron from Philadelphia, sorry Ron, but you know I hate your team, can't stand them
And especially that Bobby Clark and Roger Nielsen, the two of them should jump off a cliff together
Oh God, was that sweet, seeing two disallowed, toe in the crease, yes it is the worst of the rule and then the league
It's going to go bye bye next year, but and keep in mind by the way, who is one of the league scoring is down
They want more goals, so instead of getting rid of that rule, what do they do? They keep looking for like a toenail on the edge of the crease
And one of the great supporters of that rule was, BM, that's right, we got to, we got to shave the way of the goalies
That's right, toe in the crease, you got to, you got to shave the goalies health
That's going out, but nice seeing that happen to the flyers not once but twice last
As the blue knocked them off, 12 and a roll without a win, nice going Roger
And they're saying, oh well you know Bobby Clark's going to stick with Roger Nielsen to the end of the year
Let me tell you one thing
He's out
It's so long to see the hour
Hi there boys and girls
Today we've got a very special thing, start to buy, show us all about something special
Oh, I'm at the door right now
Come on in a sec, man
Hurry up, buddy
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you
Oh, I wonder what it is
It looks like, looks like a, push the key
It's me back, boy
You want your peg?
Hey, what can I touch it?
Sure, go ahead, run your hands
Hey, like velvet
Hey, what's this right here?
That is the blowpipe
What do you do with the blowpipe?
You blow it lad, blow it, blow it
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow
Okay, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe laddy?
Sure, go ahead
Okay
Come on lad, you've got to put your mouth around it lad, don't be afraid it's not going to break
All right, like this
Hey, that's a boy, stick it on the way down your throat
Hey, it means you do it right
What's this over here?
That's midshandas
What do I do with that?
What do you do with that laddy?
You put your both hands on it, you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick
Hey, run your hands up and down it there
Now what you want to do laddy?
Is you want to blow on the pipe?
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle
And then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick
Okay, all together all at the same time
Okay, here we go
Good laddy
Hey, that's good lad
Sure, here's good laddy
Keep going, no harder laddy
Other, squeeze the bag, squeeze more on
Now you run your hands up and down the shaft
Quick, faster, run your hands up and down faster
Hey, you got it again?
After the kiss for me, but it's maybe
See, there you go, to British, the Scottish and the Irish man
If it's in any of those categories, it's silly
Prissy and silly and sissy-ish
And that's why I like to Scottish invented golf
So if you want to argue with me about golf is like a real, like a sport, like a manly enterprise
It's not, it's a, it's a pansy thing
Just think of those candy-ass Scottish with their kilt
Think of those pictures you see of Prince Charles up there
When he's up there with the boys at Ballamoral
And he's got the kilt on and those silly high socks
My god, everybody is going muttering
Faggot
And everybody's doing that, even I'm doing that
I'm muttering that, don't forget that there's that bag that goes in front
Oh, and by the way, anybody believe in that marriage or Prince Edward?
No, nobody's buying that
Oh yeah, they got that fag bag that goes more like the guy up in the mat arena there
And that bugs us all the time, he went with the fanny pack for the fag bag
Golf invented by a bunch of silly-ass people by a bunch of pussies
In fact, that's what we need to say
Golf is for pussies, period, next subject, that's it
By the way, here's a real sport for real men
That's what Joe Costello says, motor sports, there you go
Watch him go round and around and maybe there'll be a crash
So starting this Saturday morning, 6 to 7 every Saturday, motor sports, Saturday hosted by our own
Joe Costello, one of the good people in this building, we got a few
And the show will feature a weekly look at the motor sports racing world including NASCAR,
Kart, IRL, NHRA, whatever those all are
As well as events on the local motor sports scene, yeah more like that
Joe Costello, this Saturday morning, get up early, set your alarm clock, okay
And then depot comes on after that at 7 o'clock so you can go right back to sleep
Well no, depot is not doing a show at an entertainment show, that's depot's trade-out show
To get all the free stuff, we don't have to do a trade-out show, that's we got one step up on those guys
We don't have to do a separate show on a weekend and work six days to trade out a bunch of crap
We can do it right here during the 10 to 2
Here's Miami, hello
Miami, Neil, God
Yes sir, happy same Patty
Back to you sir, top of the day to you
Oh, Laddy
Did you get to see the scum setting those front line today about the good reverent
No
About the reverent lion, you mean?
Oh yeah, the lion
That gave his cheerful resignation yesterday
Oh, that was fake in religion
So, the best part, the best part is all of the leaders and everything got together and they even put it in bold print
We knew he wasn't a Messiah, so it's all right
There you go, you never stole a free train
Exactly, that's the fun here
I thought that was a bad taste after that train crash, that was a bad line for them to put on the paper
He never stole a free train
Oh, Lord, no, that was the funniest part, it's like all these pious people and everything
And this is the man who's supposed to lead them
I'm going to tell you, I want to give you one term, it's an oxymoron religious leader, okay? oxymoron
It is, seriously
But I was surprised you hadn't mentioned that yet because I was so hilarious
We knew he wasn't a Messiah, that was the goal line there
He's not a Messiah
No, how could he be without throwing that little venianist head for press here?
Never rate that sir
Hallelujah Hollywood, that's what Mike Lang would say
Open line and bra, but I've said that that was an entertaining game last night
Penguins and Dallas, anybody see that with a great Mike Lang?
Anybody out there see it?
No, that one guy in me I guess
And you're right, Marty Strachah, what did I tell you guys?
How you think you know something about hockey?
God comes up to me at the last, it was not the attend, I was there for the time of the game
The game before that, whatever it was, must have been so bad I forgot already
Before the game, he says to me, I don't still want to see that Marty Strachah, what did you see in him?
And I thought to myself, oh here's another panther expert
Yeah, another hockey maven we got in this town
This guy is making plays that other people only dream of making, okay?
Just like me, I do radio shows here that other people only dream of doing
Just like today's for example, I'd like to see somebody else in this goddamn town to come on here and say
All of these things
That's right, tell it like it is, about this horse and buggy operation here
I mean, yeah, it's just like Bob Green, I'll get forget about Greg Reed, okay?
Let's go back to the past, Bob Green, I told it exactly the way it was with him
Some days he was a good guy, other days he was an asshole, some days he was your friend, other days he'd stab you in the back
And generally speaking, we got along okay most of the time, right?
Until we'll sail with the station and a couple times when he sided with Steve Nichol, which was a bad mistake, and he knows it
But other than that, he was okay, but at least he was smart
Not dumb, smart, not dumb like Frado
And others, although he didn't have a good haircut either, he was kind of schmutzy looking
Trying to think of anybody I ever worked for in it, Gary Lawrence
There is a guy that looked, he presented, in fact I remember when we had our first meeting when I went to INZ and Gary Lawrence became General Manager after they blew out Stanley Jay Cohen
He was a piece of work Stanley Cohen, Neil why are you bumping on the sales department deal? But anyway, if brought in Gary Lawrence and we had a meeting out in the HM
You ever saw that building, did you see the INZ out there in Did you?
I interviewed there at the same time I was interviewing at IOD
So you saw the building, you're not in front there with the big HM and that little big thing
Yeah, very nice looking, pretty good studio
And Gary Lawrence gets the whole staff around there from INZ and I-95, which is now of course which became Zeta 4
And somebody asked, well how do we address now that you're the new leader and so on?
And his line was, I hate to say that he really said this, dress for success
Now, thank God he would never use like a bright cliche, you know, dress for success
But seriously, he was the one guy that I worked for in this market who looked like a General Manager
You know what I mean? He came with a nice suit on every day, he was well manicured, well-guarded, and he was a good guy, I like Gary Lawrence
He was a really good guy
Of course he was Jewish
But then again to a Stanley Cohen, going to show you, you know, we got the Myrlandskie, Josh Friedman, Stanley Cohen
We got our share of assholes
And some of them smell bad
I like Myrlandskie, but you don't smell too good right now, buggy signal?
Woof, man, smells like...
And Josh Friedman?
Man, oh man, I should have it
Well, what was that thing about the soap that I recall in the paper this morning at Cemetery Village? They don't want them to have the soap?
Oh, I got a great line for that, but I'm not going to use it because I didn't do this job
I have a fantastic line about soap and cemetery village
You know what it is, don't you?
It's not about lampshades, I said, so, come on, cut it out, stop
And I'll put it in stock
You want it out?
Okay
That's the wrong cut, you jackass
What the hell was that?
Oh my god, I put you know, I did?
I queued this disc up to the number of the disc and not the number of the bit that I want to play, I like that
Oh, it's you
Huh?
I'll be coming down in the desert, or a punting patty say
A great decor, the heyy-rishala across the USA
What the goryo, what is this idea?
The scyandale who?
There's a bunch of queers again this year who say that I risk food
I love the heyy-rish and love the sponsor games
If you are, I won't be marching upon things patty-day
You can be above my bucket of thumb, sure, and that's okay
But you can't be a leadership's cause
Not yet out of high barn, you know, both eminence is great
I've delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day
Sure a little bit of heaven fall and nestled in the sea
Whatcha gon' say to help a homosexuality?
Oh, god, I love the heyy-rish and love the sponsor games
That was their pronouncement, those of it big in the day
You can be a con, I'm not yet done, god loves you anyway
But you can't be a leadership's cause
Oh, L-E-S-B-A-A-A-N-N-S-S-L-L-S-E-N
Choose another wham and heart amaze with
Who can develop and never get to date with?
L-E-S-B-A-A-N-N-S-B-A-A-N
It's a shame that the game's one to come out and march with us
That's the end, no way, the two-stats carnival honor
You sure to such a straight, it's miles like the Kennedy, the day the century great
We won't allow no future pandan in the way of the green
And when we say up the heyy-rish boys, that is what we mean
Oh, god loves the heyy-rish, as long as men and men
It's a perhaps the number carn we've never been sure of them
You can be seen in Johnson, Maryland, Johnson, we'll have it all away
But you can be an English-j-a-g-a-n-no
No, you can't be an English-j-a-n-no
No, don't even try a B-A-A-N-S-J-a-p-a-n-no
I had a funny life play that today
I posted this in panic, they had a dream last night that I was in Madison Square Garden
And there was a big wrestling match going on
And Cardinal Conner was in the wrestling match and he was on the bottom
116-560 W. Kim the Hank Goldberg Show coming from Yankee Stadium in Fort Lauderdale today
2-260-650
Another short show for the Boogster
Of course we get as fat as Boog, you know, you have to do it in little spurts on the show too
6-650 the Boogshambi Show preceding Marlon's Exhibition in baseball
Marlon's at Baltimore to play the Orioles
Oh, are they going to be picketing that?
Orioles, you know, the ones that are going to Cuba, Fidel Fidel, go to Hill
And then after the Exhibition baseball, again, 10 o'clock tonight
Panthers at San Jose to play the Sharks
Now last five in a row, I believe, last five times those two teams have played
Not only have they been ties, but I mean coma inducing, oh god
Like the last one, San Jose game that was down here
They start
Oh my god, boring
So maybe you want to stay up late and catch that, but probably not
Okay, here's a lady in Miami, hello
Here's a lady in Miami, like I said, hello
Hi Neil, I got some information for you on Sam Gaisen
Yes?
He does have a show on Waxi 790
He is?
Yeah, he's on 10 to 12 on Sundays
Did somebody get him some teeth?
No, he's still gumming the show
No, he's still gumming
You still doing the gumming attractions?
Yeah, in Larry
And what did he talk about?
The same thing every week
Which is?
I don't listen, I always have heard it every once in a while
He starts out doing his like, everything that happened during the week
And then he brings him the same old guess every single week
And to talk about the same old things
And then we'll do with that
Yeah, like we story
So Larry is paying to put him on here, huh?
Yeah
Another way Larry is paying back South Florida for all the money he ripped off here
Okay, thanks for the good news, sweetheart
Okay
Bye-bye
So there's a guy with no teeth doing a radio show
How about you guys, huh?
In fact, maybe they like him over there, Waxi
Maybe he's gumming the boss a little bit
Kind of like what Hank was doing at Greg Reed yesterday
We have an open line, a couple of them
And 56670560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's South Beach, huh?
South Beach, home of all those Latin modicones
South Beach going once, going twice
Probably Andrew Crenan and Carlos, you know
I don't think that was him in that place
In that houseboat
56670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Kendall, hello
Neil, yes sir
What is the else?
See?
I have to tell you, Neil, the more humans I meet, the better Castro starts sounding
Uh-huh
That's the way, the more Cuban colors I get, that's the way I feel about it
Totally, and Neil, as far as Hank, I think we can find what we always, Neil, he always thought the big one
Yeah
There's no doubt about it
You think so?
Go for the El Castro
Okay
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, trace that call
56670560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line
You sure opened up a can of worms with that performance yesterday, Hammer?
I'll tell you that, the Humper
Man, oh man
He had to be joking, that couldn't have been for serious
When he was talking about what a bunch of wonderful classy people to be at least worth, oh my god
I didn't know what a screamer just drive off the side of the road and end it all
Craig, now what, was he talking about the one that has the domestic problems, or was he talking about the one that like
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr race a lot, and which piece he was he talking about
Oh, by the way, in a special home, all our listeners out of West Coast
Hey listen, you know, we tell it like it is, they hired me because they wanted to be grating the big bucks
And tell it like it is, okay, so there are bunch of slime balls but you know they're not bad people, I guess
your teeth, two teeth, Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Fort Lauderdale. Uncle Neil. Well these
people are so slow. Is it me? Is it the weather? What is it? The weather. Yeah. It's getting
hotter. Listen, I got to disagree with you and take the absolute opposite side of that.
Hang in, no ass kisser. Yeah. How many times have he ripped Jaravi when he had a big
ass? Jaravi is dead. Jaravi is dead. Now I'm talking to Jaravi Stadium. I don't mean
go right. Oh, the stadium formerly known as Jaravi? Right. I mean, I'm a stadium. Wait
a minute. Stadium is an inanimate object. The stadium can't fight back. How many times
do you rip management here? How many times do you rip people you don't like? He rips the
program director, but that's easy pickings. Yeah, no, he, he rips the little people. Like
I said, the beginning of the show, anybody can do that. That's not true. And you know,
he's a list-leafed ass kisser next to you. You have a guaranteed contract. You're in
a little bit better situation, obviously. Boy, he doesn't have a guaranteed contract. I'm
not sure if he does. He's got a contract that's written in cement, baby. Don't kid yourself.
Okay. And I just, well, he got suspended for, for stating his opinion. Well, that's
because he's a pussy. I wouldn't have put up with that crap though. He was, they were
totally in a row. And then he goes on with Michael Pundey on our channel 10. And he's
like a polygetic. He should have said Greg Reed's an asshole right there on channel 10.
I would have gotten up and given a salute if he would have said that. Can I think one thing?
He would have said the water Nazi and the sales Nazi. They're the ones responsible. He
was in the right on that. He wasn't in the wrong. But he does interview. You don't. He rolled
over and laid. So what does that have to do with it? Because he doesn't a kiss ass. I mean,
he does kiss a little. I'm just gonna ask you this now. I understand that you know, when
you're doing a sports show or any kind of interview show, you're in a precarious position. Because
like when you're doing the Jimmy Johnson show, you can only go so far or Jimmy's gonna say,
I'm not gonna do the show with you anymore. Just like surely used to do. Remember, we do
not be armed with rick and suds because they didn't watch the game that week. I mean,
these coaches, you know, the kind of egos they have. So I understand you have to be a little
careful with that. Like when you were doing baseball, you're not gonna get up there and rip
everybody in their uncle on the show when you're doing a job. You're doing like a baseball
analyst or if you were the commentator or whatever. I was doing you have had baseball. One
day I got a call at home from Howard Snellenberger with that time as the football coach, who was
better than a wet hand at me because the football team decided to do their scrimmage on the
same Saturday that the hurricane baseball. At the same time, the hurricane baseball team was
playing the old-timers game and they brought back Randy Gara and all the how he should
be. And I went on the year and I ripped them an ass. In fact, during the game, I ripped
them an ass. I was looking at the chance for anybody not for this kind of money. Maybe
for about five million year, I'd kiss a mess. I'm gonna say you kissed that. I just don't
think Hank, I mean, he slipped yesterday. Yeah. It's uh-huh. Uh-huh. That's that's it. See,
if he's not a generalize, you can't generalize him as a ass kisser. Yeah. I mean, he really
isn't. I mean, he, yeah, he, I guess he must have got to share a link. How much share
of Nick DeVar when he was on his show on IOD? Huh? How about Abe Hurstfeld? Um, I, I, I
didn't hear that interview. Abe Hurstfeld. Abe was right in the Hank's face on here at
IOD and Hank said, oh man, that was good. He did. Just like that scene in the movie with Tom,
I was, uh, what was it that, uh, see Thomas Hall? What was that movie? The hitcher. Oh,
yeah. Remember with Rutger Hower and he's spitting his face? Yeah, that was disgusting. Yeah,
and then Abe Hurstfeld did that right in the year and the spitting. And Hank said, do it
again. He did. Uh, the only thing is I was pretty shocked that he did. He did it again,
Sam. He did that, but I think making me, he might have gone a really good, uh, BJ or something
that the stadium, when he went to the show or wherever it's rolling stones. Oh, from, from
Mick Jagger. Well, he must have had a really good time because I've never seen so happy
life. Oh, God. Talk about lips. Okay. Well, we'll find out today. I'm sure you're
hope's great enough for us and the problem too. We had a little dilemma there. 5, 6, 7,
05, 60, and Palm 5, 60 on the 18th. He wireless. I mean, Larry King, the reason that he has those
guests who come back again and again is because licky, licky, licky, if ever one time he has
some tough questions, they'd never come back again. I used to have guests years ago and
I used to, and they were boring shows and I've already apologized. I apologize. Again,
most of those guests were as boring as step as sniffing dog crap. Okay? Even more so. Same
tired old stuff. And if you brought them on and you argue, it's like the Catholic Church
wouldn't let me have a priest on here because if I had a priest on, they knew that I was
going to argue with them and make them look like a jackass so they wouldn't let me even
come on. The Archdiocese. That's how confident they were of their position. They wouldn't
let no priest come on and debate me religion on my show. But that's why all those people
like Ross P. Rose and they come back over and over again and just sucky, sucky, sucky,
which is why that show most of the time is garbage Larry King's show. It's an embarrassment.
Marshmallow Rose. That's what it is. And this man has sucked his way all the way to the
top. He's making millions and millions of dollars. He's known all over the world. He
hops knobs with a rich, the famous. He's been married 150 times. Why I have no idea because
even my dog wouldn't touch the best part of him. If there is such a thing as the best
part of him, his wife just had another baby. The guy's 97 years old, Larry. And he's still
running around going. Yeah. That's his claim to fame. He's stiffing all the people down
here. So maybe Hank wants to make 50 million dollars a year. I can't blame him for that.
I'll tell you what, I suck ass for 50 million a year. I would kiss a lot of it. I would
do just like Larry King. And I'd work for a year. That's right. I'd work for one year.
I'd take all of that money. I'd say, okay, I'm embarrassed, but not too embarrassed
like Larry Bluejack said on that thing. You know, an embarrassed to have done it, but not
too embarrassed to take the money. Thank you. And now have a nice life. Goodbye. Yeah,
that would be it. Here's a camera. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are there Bernie Kaplan in
Tamarack? Yes, Bernie. Yes, I have a Patrick's day. Yes, I have. I'm not. I have a
manager for this same Patrick. Neither I even the Jews can celebrate a great year. I
already got some information. Yes, I'm all right. Same Patrick. Yeah. Missionary.
Yes, you've been saying in Ireland, Bernie, and you're living proof. Yes. His birthday
was celebrated annually on March 17th. And it was a national holiday in Ireland. And when
they were celebrated in America since 1917, 37, when they grew up a Irish businessman met
in Boston and founded this day to celebrate. They used to have a civic parade church services
by and catch. But the fact that they, Tamarack has become a symbol of this holiday and it was
won because the three leaflets use is to illustrate the doctrine of the Trinity and green the
national color of Ireland. The father, the son, and the holy mole. Okay, well, happy
pace off Bernie and thanks a lot. Here's a interesting fact. By the way, a lot more interesting
than whatever Bernie was to wrap in his comes about. College Wrestling on channel 309 on
Little Dishes says, look at those boys grab each other. It's a gay club. I told you,
wrestling man, college in high school wrestling, it doesn't get any fag year than that.
Corn beef and cabbage, here's another fact says is not a traditional Irish meal.
Like most Chinese food in America, CBC was started here. Oh, CBC, I thought that was
started in Canada. Corn beef and cabbage started here. It's another Fone Bolani Americanization,
a backedization of a dish that don't even exist. Okay. And like the lady said, they like
they're bacon. They like their pork in Ireland. Fuck it in and hold it.
Oh, my back is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls. I don't even have enough to
pack us up. I try to seek rid of lotion and technology, but it don't get no bigger than a
golf fee. There's nothing I can do. I only got a three inch two. You'll be disappointed when
we reach my house. Because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a man.
You're not sick man. It's more like a happy meal. You get more satisfaction from your high heel.
You're where I was in the pool. Because I only got a three inch two. Sometimes at night I wonder if
it will ever grow. If I was a homosexual I couldn't even push in your pool. It looks like
Mr. Peanut with a cocaine. It's got capillaries instead of being like the conservation of the
gay ring. But Halloween I just like a buffalo wing. It's been a suction tube. Because I only got a three inch
two. Even with a metric rule. I only got a three inch two. Tell them guys. Yeah, you got a three inch
two. Oh baby. You got a three inch two. Come here, honey. It's totally not quantity. You got a three inch two.
I'm like it only fun to three inch two. One thirty three of five sixty. WQM on a great Wednesday.
It is St. Patrick's Day. I thought the eye to March has on Monday when we moved in this new studio
was going to be the turning point. But St. Patty's Day 99. This is the turning point. I tell them our
lives you can feel it. Turning point in my health. I feel like I'm making a little bit of a comeback
after three months of nagging, annoying crap. Not out of the woods yet. Dr. Mark will be here tomorrow. Dr.
do a little to take some blood right while I'm on here. And I'm going to tell you I want that I want
tested for everything. Every possible. I every nook and cranny of this old aching crumbling body of mine.
That's what I want, Dr. Mark. Errory goddamn test that's ever been invented. So we haven't heard of yet.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing? Great. Okay. I like it because you thought like it is.
Listen Hank the other day on the Royal Country Club was interviewing Don Smiley. And he was kissing his
body left and right man. Yeah. Big time. Yeah. Don Smiley. Don Smiley. We gave us all his
phony stories about how he was like four minutes away from buying the team which he never did.
Listen. Yeah. You were scaring Don Smiley. How great you look. You look like a model. You look relaxed.
You look I mean I couldn't believe it. Really? This is it's a talk out of me. This is done.
Hank. Is it? What was it a sports show or like a fashion show? A sports show. Oh my god. And
in closing. Yes. Hank. By the way, it's not a cool look on you. Oh boy. Woo. Now that's throwing
Jack his levacchi in insults. Better watch it, Hank. This off those checks. We have an open line in
Broward 6600 and day 240 on the West Coast. We got plenty of open lines for it. It's always that
way on his show. That's I mean, no waiting. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah. This has been a truly momentous day. I think we finally hit the jackpot today. You know
what was that? Who was that show? Jackpot. Who was on it? Who was the guy with the not Tom Don't
Like us. But he always used to wear it at the leather jacket, the black leather jacket, the
angels. Huh? And he used to be on a jackpot. Oh come on. What the hell was his name? He was
obnoxious. I hated him. Jackpot. Don't you remember that show? Man show. Here's the homestead.
Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm on Hank. Yeah. That other
caller earlier coming on Hank. That's fucking up too much. You should have heard him
the week before when the stones were coming down about on Greg Reed giving him those tickets.
I did hear that, but you know, I think that I talked about the grain of salt because it was just
like a little dry. But yesterday it was like 10 minutes solid of suction. Even Kathy Willis never
kept the sustain that that long, you know? Well, even Monica. Well, he was he was bloat. He was
sucking up and blow dry on him all at once. Really? Oh, it was incredible how the ticket he kept
raining and going on about this and then I heard it. It was incredible. And then the thing about
the beastly that's what that's what put me over the edge. When he started with the beastly
and they were in the box and they were the only ones that the concert I mean in the box that the
I mean the beastly these people are so measly, so cheap, so niggeredly if I can say that. It's
unbelievable. Definitely. They still got the first nickel they ever made. And it close. You
want to work in Jacksonville I hear. Yeah. In closing, shameless request. Yes. No more no more OJ.
No more OJ. No more juice. Okay, you got juice. Thank you. No more juice. That's what they're saying
at the White House. Quartz Quartz. Till we clean the first dress. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
wireless line. Not that we're trying to pick on a Humper here today. That's not my point. Like I
said, I like Hank when I'm looking to start some thing here. But the fact is that yesterday I mean
he's he's got it like they said in you know in Godfather 1 you got to be accountable for Santino. Okay
Carlo. That's what Michael told him just before we got in the car to go to Vegas which he never made
it there. Oh hi, commenda. And now Hank he's got to be accountable for yesterday. It must have
been being a little off the feed. You know when you're diabetic, your blood sugar goes up and down.
You have these little erratic that must be it. We'll find out. What is that?
And the real question is what locker room, Carlo, you're going to most likely be at?
Which one would you like me to be at? Have you been in the show at the Pancers? Those are real men.
Yeah, come on, open. Don't be shy. That's what the boy that hits a middle surprise.
You guys out there was my house go but I'm going to pick one right under your nose.
And make you smell fine.
Thank God.
Well, sometimes they smell like spaghetti, yo. Or the jeans that goes up my toes.
In the sweet my legs is where they could go. And I'll pick them right there.
Open your nose and have the youth smell fine.
Take that for shooting Saturday.
Oh, man.
Hey, baby.
I'll give it a win.
I'll come on, they could draw you.
Check out that finger there.
Oh, you don't know what it could say.
But your friends are okay to me.
Yeah, I'll take it for the end.
You know why?
Because I'm a big hit and nothing's out.
You spread the all-killing onto that road.
Okay, this is where I was, baby.
Oh, you must smell like a divine.
Thank God.
Okay, 17.0.2.5.60.
What is this?
I don't need a better one.
Oh, that's what it was.
Steve Nichol.
Okay, anyway, 567.0.5.60.5.60 on the AT&T world.
I think we start here. You know how muddy they sound too.
They all sound like that on these car machines.
Oh.
God, I sure hope these cars don't all sound muddy like that.
And it's the triple deck we got.
And my biggest problem is that I'm in the fall.
Listen to that. And it sounds like it's eating the tape in there too now.
That was Steve Young, by the way.
God.
And you're telling me I'm supposed to be a sightseer.
I mean, this is exactly what I'm talking about.
I don't care how many tickets to the Rolling Stones they would give me,
or the Arrow Smith or anybody else.
The fact is, chief, the beesleys and Gregory, chief, I mean, they probably dug this out of a dumpster
of one of their other stations somewhere in the beesleys.
And we're supposed to kiss the ground.
They got us a triple deck car machine
to replace the World Not Old Piece of Crap We Head downstairs,
which replaced the other old triple.
This is probably the same one we used to have all the reconditioned.
You know what I'm saying?
Somebody spit polished the heads on it.
Have you ever spit polished the head?
God. I mean, that's a curable clue.
We're back to that again. We're back to that same one.
We first came here 14 months ago.
The spots all over the room were like muffled.
Like horseshoe radio.
Try a different slot.
Now I got a different slot I'd stick it in.
Where's Gregory? Back home.
That's where this belongs. Piece of crap.
And my biggest problem is that I'm in the balls.
Yeah. Well, see there, I mean,
there are different decks with different heads, you know?
Different levels of head.
Kind of like Greg was getting yesterday on the year.
Here's the Wilton Manor. Hello.
Good afternoon, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir. And we changed the subject a little.
Like I was very alone.
There is no subject on this show.
The subject is whatever you guys want to talk about until I'm bored with it.
I heard this on the news.
Yeah, I thought you'd find enjoyment in it.
It's where the crime, the punishment fits the crime.
It's in a little Texas town where they had a problem with cars,
young kids, and their
womb box. They're their speaker system.
Yeah.
And if a young man was found guilty of disturbing the piece,
they made them no fine.
Yeah.
They would make them sit in the courtroom
and listen to their music for an hour.
Yeah.
Which included Barry Manolo.
Oh!
I say worse than that.
That included the theme, the Barney song.
And at the end, when they interviewed one of the young men, he said,
please don't tell me Michael Bolton Gloria Stefan.
That would be it.
Well, they also, it's suicide time.
They found somebody that was liking the music.
They just omitted and put something else in it.
Yani.
Yani Versacea.
So at the end, they interviewed one of the young men and he said, well,
I'm selling my speakers in my car because I'm never going through that again.
Excellent.
And I thought that was just, and the judge was, you know,
didn't want to find them or anything.
No problem.
No problem.
Okay, thanks for the good news, sir.
What was he saying?
5, 6, 7, 8, come on.
Let's hear some Irish stuff here today, huh?
Any good Irish stuff?
And this, this show today also proves, beside the fact of what a genius I occasionally am,
like about twice a year.
That there is no Irish.
There's no story.
There's nothing to tell.
When you ask what are the great contributions of the Irish, is there any?
No.
Irish cuisine, is there any like real Irish cuisine?
No.
No.
Any real reason why they celebrate this holiday, besides getting drunk?
No.
And you like that?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, mate?
Great.
My Irish history is a little rusty, but the Irish irony of this St Patrick was an Englishman.
And he was captured by, that's where I can't remember, but he was imprisoned in Ireland.
He escaped and went back to Ireland to teach them about Christianity and all things.
That's why they got the clothes, the father's son, the Holy Spirit and all that, lot of stuff.
But they're going to turn of Irish saints to choose from, but they've chosen an English one to celebrate the drinking festival.
That all sounds pretty stupid to me.
Like I said, it's just a holiday to get drunk. I like the 4th of July on a Labor Day.
And one other thing, that's the day.
That woman, the glory hall author.
Yeah.
Now, you're reading an excerpt from a writing before about the gay scene down in Miami.
South Beach, yeah.
Well, I've been here a couple of years, and the first few times I went down there, I went into straight clubs with my wife.
And that's just a bunch of drunk gangs to punk down there, looking for any reason or red necks or whatever.
Right.
You go on any of the gay clubs down there, all they're doing is dance and having a great time.
You know, they might be rolling on eggs or whatever, but a lot more enjoyable than having to suffer through without it.
That's right, but just don't touch him, that's all, and you'll be okay.
Yeah, exactly.
So, wake up, listeners.
And get a guy.
And just a coffee.
Okay, have a great day.
Don't encourage these straight assholes to invade gay bars, they'll ruin them, man.
Don't do that.
Christ.
Stay the hell out of there, okay?
And of course, the facts, we make sure that they do stay out, because then they start groping.
Oh, Jesus!
And they start running out the door.
Some of them.
Of course, some of them come back again for more.
But, you know, that's the way the world is, a lot of people are like, they're in doubt.
Well, I don't know, maybe George doesn't believe that, of course.
Don't even start, okay?
Don't even start.
Like, I told you, straight people are some things you just will never know anything about.
I'm talking about real straight people like you.
I can't think of anybody else.
It's 11 before 2 at 5.60 WQIM on a tremendous Wednesday.
God, this has been, you know, I just had that feeling the first time in three months.
It's almost three months to the day.
Three months to the day, December to January to February to God, damn frickin' mark.
Three months.
That I've been ill in.
With the, with the, and of course, now that I know it's the jaw, and maybe psychologically,
I know in two weeks I'm going to have my mouth guard.
Maybe, maybe I'll come here.
Maybe I can be bigger than Sam Geisen.
I'll come and do the show with the mouth guard in and, and gum my way to the top.
That's right.
Why should we only have one person gumming on this station, huh?
It's days in Miami town at 5.60 WQIM.
