Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We talked to Neil called 567 0560 Tull 3 for dated rarer.
We're counting 560 on yourself all year.
In opinions of Neil, his guests, scholars, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
And we read acquisitions for the easily broadcasted news.
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAL.
In all and in the news, D.A.W.R.S.
S.U.C.J.S.
All right.
A.A. This is Ben from Benmaster, Bates Cycle.
Hey, if you're fishing for a good time, come see us.
Feel free to stroke our polls.
Give them a shake. Feel how hard these suckers are.
That's right. For you use your polls better than failed.
Why, we have a fine selection of fashion conscious correct demiglances.
For those who use their polls a little too much, don't away.
Benmaster, Bates and Tykel, we're our ladies department world famous.
Because our polls are five brain.
Ladies, want to get that fishy smell off your hands?
See Benmaster, Bates and Tykel.
Men, you asked us a big one.
We got some big hookers for you and their J-Pookers too.
Why, we even got jailbait only 13 years old.
Catfish, Lincoln, Spinger, Leg, and Good.
Hey, and why you're out there on the boat? You might want to get off.
Because those mosquito will carry you away.
You know what I'm saying?
Hey, you're a master of your own domain.
Get a grip around your rod and stroke it on down to Benmaster, Bates and Tykel.
We're not hard to find and once you come, please, you'll come again.
A grip, I'm on down, we're not hard to be found.
Benmaster, Bates and Tykel, the best tackle around.
10 or 2 to 5, 50 WQM, have he Monday to you?
So anyway, guess who cries a lot?
I'll give you 5,000 guesses.
It's in the papers, so it must be true.
He cried and he cried a lot.
He probably still cries a lot all the way to the bank.
I'll give you 4,000 guesses in the first 3,900 and that said we don't count.
Let me give you a clue.
We can't sing for crap.
Enrique, you are a piece of crap.
You really are.
How could you say that?
I was just going to say it in my first.
So you don't know which side your bread is buttered on, Mr.
This is the Enrique Intensive Radio Station.
Do you know to understand that?
Yeah.
The Gonzo Machibull has in bed with Enrique, so to speak.
You better cut the crap.
And he was on CBS TV this morning.
Looking really...
Like that.
Making those listening sounds.
Like somebody we know can do very well.
But at any rate, seriously, how could you say that?
Much bigger than Enrique at the moment.
Enrique.
Enrique, he cries a lot.
It says, forget Machismo.
Latin pop star Ricky Martin lets his true feelings show in a new book.
Ricky Martin read, hot and on the rise.
The Puerto Rican singing sensation recaps his career, which began with the team group Menudo
and describes his openness about shedding tears.
Unfortunately, the Menudo rule was that you had to leave the band what you reached 17.
Martin says, and next year, a public Sunday in the New York Post, my last concert was in Puerto Rico, my hometown.
I am a man who cries, and I cried a lot, said Ricky Martin, boo-hoo.
He cries a lot.
That damn fact that I can't stand it.
Oh.
In Enrique Martin, Morales, the singer, 27 at a similar reaction after the 1991 release of his debut solo album.
This is Ricky Martin.
The first time I heard my song on a radio, I cried.
The next time he heard his song on a radio, in fact, you know something every time I hear any of his songs on a radio,
I cry.
How do you like that?
Men do cry.
He said it's a very healthy habit.
And it goes on and on.
Oh, Jesus.
I'm going to tell you something.
He just makes my skin crawl.
He just gets me very upset.
In fact, they had a piece this morning on CBS this morning, which 10 other people beside me watch.
And it was supposed to be about Enrique and about by Alamos and how he's going to be the next big crossover artist and so on.
And they had that knit with that Jose D. S. Balarte interviewer.
And I discovered that Enrique number one speaks with a heavy accent.
And number two has a lot of runaway essays, but number three is it looks like except for that thing boy.
He's got that mole is got to go.
You know, Peggy Lee, she had little mole.
It was okay.
But his mole is growing.
Seriously, in fact, I think another couple of weeks Enrique's mole will be larger than his minuscule penis from what he tells everybody.
Seriously.
And that's bad.
When you got a mole on your face, then it's larger than your penis.
You got serious problems.
You know what I'm saying?
I think you do.
But anyway, so two thirds of the piece was not on him.
He was on Ricky Martin and Jennifer Lopez, which I'm sure you don't mind Jennifer Lopez.
And Anna Biana, she's not that great as far as her music is concerned, but she sings 50,000 times better than Ricky Martin.
Okay.
She can't sing for crap.
And yet she's a million times better than Ricky Martin.
You women out there.
You just don't get it, do you get it?
No.
No, not even close.
None.
Zero.
Zibbidi Duda.
But that's where it goes.
We don't begrudge him anything, do we?
Do we begrudge him?
Uh-huh.
Piece of crap.
He cries a lot.
There's a great letter to the editor in the Ascent Sentinel this morning, one of the great letters in the history of mankind.
Oh, thank you Graham Codvey and Pompano Beach, whoever you are.
This is like a DNH letter.
I could have written this myself.
It says, Golden Rule covers it.
Why does the Christian element in our society continue to stuff its agenda down our throats?
They're agenda.
From the choose life auto tags, a doctor child wouldn't satisfy the anti-choice elements to prayers in the school.
Can any of these people point to the case in history where religion led to a better life for the majority?
No.
We don't need prayer to some mythical man in the sky in our schools.
We need to follow the golden rule.
Treat people as if you would have as you would have them treat you.
DNH.
That's what I said.
If this were written above every blackboard in every class, you might make do some good.
It would be non-sectarian.
It would be a constant reminder of good behavior.
Graham Codvey and Pompano Beach.
That's Colin Graham.
We're having a cahons to write letters like that.
We're getting an increasing number of letters that make sense to the editor as opposed to all these bigoted right wing bullcrap.
Which by the way, isn't it a real shame that Pat Robertsons haven't all had problems with money in the IRS?
Great.
See how the war is turning?
So we had a real interesting evening on the Saturday night at Ruth's Chris.
Didn't we?
All nine of us.
Just a little intimate gathering.
All nine of us having dinner.
Now how do I approach this?
Huh?
You were there.
Yeah.
But you're not saying anything.
Yeah.
Well, there's so much to talk about.
There is a lot.
One of the most interesting parts of the whole deal was I never saw this guy before.
It must be one of the assistant managers or maybe who knows who he is.
Maybe he's Ruth's son-in-law.
I don't know.
But he came over with the pick up the check at the end.
So he might maybe he's the banker because that's how much it cost for nine people.
And he said to me, as good as Smith and Walensky.
And I went almost.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of Smith and Walensky before I get into our very expensive dinner that I bought because my very generous guy.
I decided that they've had enough time.
They've had more than enough time already to come and get their crap.
And they didn't come and get it.
We got silver where we got the China fine China.
We got a slightly soiled napkin.
Maybe Roy saw that napkin there.
What are we going to do about that guy, by the way?
Roy Foster came in here on Friday like psychotic.
I've never seen him like that.
He looked almost as psychotic as his best personal friend.
And started rifling through the cabinet for a cigar.
And then he looked up and just happened out of the corner of his eye to see that gigantic 75-foot black dildo
that we had up on the couch in the legs there.
I need that.
I need any ran out of here and we've never seen it again.
Does that sound later that day?
Yes.
Anastin for it.
And he said, no, I need to borrow it.
For what?
He's back home.
What was he at?
I didn't know what I didn't ask.
I just said, don't get anything on it.
Oh, Jesus.
God.
Oh, man.
Maybe he and OJ are having like a little thing or a big thing in that case.
Huh?
It was dark and it was his blackest time magazine made OJ.
His black is the ace of...
Anyway, now I'm going to say after 10 at 560 WQ, we got the Ruth's Chris story.
We got it.
So anyway, I'm taking Maya knives.
I've decided.
They had plenty of time to come and get their stuff.
And of course, not only that, but if they came and took the knives back,
they would make a lucky Indian giver, wouldn't it?
Would it make them...
Uh-huh.
Nobody likes an Indian giver.
I mean, the fact that their food was so bad, that goes without saying.
But we'd like them even less if they came and took the knives back.
So I'm going to avoid that opportunity to have them take them home today.
Look at those.
Those are beautiful.
Man.
And of course, when you got a really tough piece of meat, you need a sharp knife to cut it.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQ, you don't want to take any full s**t.
I'm not.
This summer, there's no law of pollution.
So you got to see...
Moosier, polo-dots.
Moosier, polo-dots.
1999.
You'll keep it on the block.
What?
Ah, ah.
Gerardo.
Ringo.
Rive.
Rive.
Marky mark.
And a funky bark.
Because Marky lock it.
Barry, been in the lock.
I don't know if I ever thought of that.
I don't know if I ever thought of that.
I don't know if I ever thought of that.
And the guy from Millie Vanille, that happened to kill himself yet.
Trained and thrown the rain.
Moosier, polo-dots.
1999.
Concert by Value Jack.
And serve ceremonies, Kato Kaelin and Monica Winsky.
Moosier, polo-dots.
1999.
Concert, polo-dots.
That's 14 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, here's nine of us sitting having dinner at the Ruth's Chris on Saturday night.
And it was pretty interesting because basically I would say that Joe Costello and his very lovely
girlfriend whose name is, which I mean.
Janina.
See, it's now I understand why I forget.
And J.P. and his very lovely girlfriend Stephanie.
Here are the nine of us.
But basically it was George and his wife and daughter, me and John.
And the five of us were sitting there watching them and seeing what was going on with them.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Oh, really?
It was like they were all on display to see what kind of behavior they would come up with.
They see with Joe and what's her name again?
Janina.
I just, I mean, I'm sorry.
It's just not an easy name.
She's very nice.
But the two of them are like firing water.
It's a great combination, those two, because the sparks you can tell.
They're the pickersons.
Exactly.
Both very opinionated, very strong in their ways and feelings and sentiments and not budging
an inch.
I mean, not giving yielding any ground.
And that's going to be a very available and fiery relationship.
Make no mistake about that.
Am I right?
I think you're right.
Now, I'm going to take it back.
Go by the fact that Stephanie was very large firm.
I don't want to say it.
Would that be bad if I said she had large breasts?
No, I didn't say teeth.
Jesus Christ.
I said breasts.
That wouldn't be bad.
She's got very full firm, large Jewish breasts.
But anyway, she didn't like Joe, which I thought was very interesting.
Hated him like poison.
Would that be an exaggeration to say?
No.
Well, I already told him that.
You don't have to worry about it.
Hated him.
And we were discussing this morning, George.
And I were looking at examining psychoanalyzing that reason.
She felt, I'm sure.
I don't want to speak for Stephanie, but I just can tell already there are some women
who have their men on a very short leash.
Don't like that argumentative factor that we saw with Joe and Janina.
I'm very good.
I'm right.
Don't need to be 17 times.
I don't want her to feel bad because I like her.
I think she's very nice.
I think everybody's very nice.
You know, even though I'm supposed to be a hardhearted son of a bitch,
I liked everybody that was there that night.
But Stephanie, unfortunately, despises Joe.
And maybe even not too crazy about Janina because she didn't...
Well, no, see, she wouldn't mind with Janina.
She liked Janina.
Yes, see, I knew that.
She doesn't mind if the woman's the one that's doing all the bitching.
But where the guy is like not the real pacified and not like right at the end of a real short leash,
that took her a back several steps.
Like, uh-oh.
That's a bad example.
Don't want to see that.
Why?
It's a radio show.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, the audience is going 1, 2, 3.
So anyway, that's just my impression.
It was a great meal.
Everybody loved the food.
Now, I probably should ask on here, was it as good as Smith and Wolinski?
Huh?
As good as it says to joke.
We didn't need to have a power saw to cut the steak.
I'll say that.
It was delicious.
It was fantastic.
They brought us appetizers on a house for the whole table,
which was very nice to them, especially for those people that are very nice to them.
But show up on time was great.
They got some of it and the rest of the money, you know, that's where it goes.
That's the price you pay when you have allows you directions.
It was just a sensational nothing all the way around.
You never did the desserts there, Justice, when you talked about that.
Because I usually don't eat desserts.
I will admit I had the creme brulee.
I never eat dessert there because I go there and do the addkins just about perfect,
although the spinach will rot and God is that great.
And the ribeye medium will.
And all you people that were hucking us last week with your song at an end,
it's all, well, this place is good.
And you know, the roadhouse grill and the loan start.
They are all this other, come on.
Stop trying to kid us, okay?
If you want cheap, fine.
That's okay.
Go to Denys and get yourself a nice tea bowl.
Whatever you like.
But it was a sensational experience and I thank them profusely.
Here's a fact, by the way, from Dale, who last week was Mike, I think,
and the week before that was somebody at Cathode, or Club Cathode Ray.
And every week is somebody else and it's obviously it's the same person,
but nevertheless it's someone I'm using.
It says we're all crying because of you, Ricky Martin.
Can't stand that damn faggot.
And I'm a huge flaming queen.
He's not even like to look at anymore.
I'll stick to Enrique and Luis and my mouth is wide open, says Dale.
How do you like that?
Do you believe it?
I believe it.
And I bet your mouth is wide open.
And maybe that's not the only part.
So when are we getting back to the important stuff now?
How about that Buffalo game?
I'm pretty pathetic performance.
They didn't even show up the other night.
12 shots in a game, huh?
And for that guy that called Hank, by the way,
just to prove exactly what I said, there you go again.
Who scored the first goal of the game?
Who scored the only Buffalo goal in the game?
Stewie.
Stewie.
You see, sir, you're an asshole.
You had just like most of the people that call a sports show on a station.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
It's sixth goal of the playoffs.
He's playing outstanding.
And this guy opens up a big mouth.
You don't know what you're asking for your elbow.
I'll tell you one thing.
You got to hand it to that Mike Madonna.
There's an example for all you fans, the football and basketball and baseball.
Like Mandage says, hockey is where the real men play.
Okay, here's a guy who's got a broken wrist.
He's got a screwed up shoulder.
And expected to be out for the rest of the playoffs.
He's not only isn't out for one game.
He comes back to the next game, but plays great to top it all off.
They said that was his best game in the playoffs so far.
Even though he didn't score.
Nice going there, Mike Madonna.
Even though I hate your team like Poison.
So Buffalo better show up on Tuesday night.
I'll tell you that right now.
And there's no interest in we haven't seen Fat Boy yet.
You think he's back from Buffalo?
Oh, maybe he just didn't hiding.
I'd be embarrassed to it.
My team just like didn't show up at all.
No low contenderate.
12 shots in a game.
Anybody going to win?
Which ties the low by the way for the standard cup finals that the Bruins had against Edmonton 1988.
Nice going there, brother Sabers.
Somebody better wake those bastards up.
So on Friday, I was talking about this literature that was sent to me.
I was told by whoever these people are.
This organization called the Citizens Commission on Human Rights.
About the drugging of all the kids.
And I read through the whole.
There's a big brochure here.
It's just terrifying.
And I won't waste most of your time with it.
Although there's a letter.
There's an article on the op-ed page in the heraldous morning by the anxious Arianna Huffington,
who makes my skin crawl.
But nevertheless, and she uses most of the article to rip away the Clintons.
I'm sure you're good Republican friends, Arianna.
They're the ones that are going to really clamp down on drug companies, right?
No.
No chance.
They're not the ones that are going to screw with big business.
They'll let them continue doing whatever they want.
But nevertheless, she talks about Brynn Hartman, the wife of comedian Phil Hartman,
killed herself and then her husband and then herself while on Zoloft.
Although none of the drug manufacturers will admit that these drugs pose an unreasonable risk
of violent and suicidal behavior, first of all, percentage of patients.
They can also cause a condition known as emotional blunting or disinhibition.
In addition to which, just one short thing I wanted to read here.
First of all, this attention deficit disorder.
There is no such thing.
I didn't know that.
There is no such thing.
Twelve of them that.
Yeah. There's no such thing as attention deficit disorder.
It's something that's been made up.
I thought that was all adolescent boys.
With more than four million American children alone fraudulently labeled as having ADHD,
or allowing psychiatrists to create a generation of drug addicts.
Ritalin's manufacturer admits it's a drug of dependency in other ways saying that it's a drug of addiction.
In the US production of Ritalin increased by 665 percent between 1985 and 1995,
with a 500 percent increase since 1990.
In some classrooms up to 20 percent of the students are taking the drug.
How do you like that?
A further 909,000 children and adolescents between the ages of 6 and 18 are on anti-deprivation.
And there are some other questions.
Press and drugs such as SSRIs already on the market.
Wait till you hear this.
This one you will fall off the chair.
Hang on tight.
Already on the market is peppermint flavored prozac as an added incentive for children.
Peppermint flavored prozac.
All right.
And we can get that where?
Yeah.
Right outside, right across the street at the little Jamaica town.
Right with your weed.
Yeah.
They throw in one free tablet with every limb.
Peppermint flavored prozac.
But you know something?
See these people don't understand because it's a drug-led society.
The American public has been brainwashed number one to believe in the medical establishment,
to believe in their doctors, most of whom don't know their ass for my elbow.
And secondly, to everything they take a pill for.
Your fat, here you go.
Here's a miracle pill.
It's going to make you skinny.
Your kid is bouncing off the wall.
Here you go.
Put him on Ritalin and prozac.
It'll make him like real common normal.
And then the rest of this, which I won't waste the time to read, although it looks like maybe I will.
But then I just do it.
It's got just pages and pages and pages documenting all these grotesque crimes done by all these, like in Littleton, for example.
There was one.
Oh, here it is.
Dozens of them.
By kids on Ritalin and prozac and all these other so-called psychotropic drugs.
Xanax, baguim, thorazine, heldall, and all these other wonderful things.
Oh no, let's start banning video games.
And let's start clamping down.
Make sure that kids under 17 can see those R-rated movies.
And let's start screwing around with the television programming.
And let's make sure that you can't say this and you don't do that.
Just your typical American government band-aid approach is opposed to looking at the real thing.
And of course, they don't want to mess with this because this involves big money.
They don't want to screw around with the drug manufacturers because all these people fives or all these others do.
They're on the stock market so it involves the whole economy.
See, in America, your health doesn't mean crap.
Okay, I want you to understand that right now.
Your health means nothing.
It's only the money of the people who are dealing with your health supposedly or who are taking advantage of your lack of health.
That's what's important.
Because the economy far supersedes any other interest in an FN America.
Because that's the American FN way.
And so if you want to believe that, you know, go and watch it in the video game, it's just insane on the face of you.
You have to be out of your mind.
You have to be elunatic to believe that by watching phony violence, that inspires people to go out and kill somebody.
Is if they don't know the difference.
But when they start taking these drugs that like it says, take away their inhibitions and make them violent, including a lot of it.
It goes on if you read the literature.
People that have never been violent before, ever turned violent.
And then when they take them off the drugs that they become dependent on, then they really freak out.
So I won't waste your time in reading all this literature here, but it's fascinating stuff.
It's scary stuff.
And that's the American FN way.
That's why kids are out of their minds.
But be that as it may.
Then we have an editorial finally in the Sun Sentinel long overdue.
And I won't waste your time either with this.
Is this the Sun Sentinel or the hero?
I can't tell they both look like the same piece of crap.
Auto tag no forum for debate, which again nobody in this audience seems to give a crap about this.
They choose life thing.
If this were like a real place where people stood up and got pissed off about important stuff as opposed to some stupid ball game, people would be pissed off about.
Oh yeah, what are they worried about?
You know, Joe Costello told me something really interesting.
And that is they had 40,000 people at the Yankee Marlins games in each one of the games roughly 40,000 over the weekend.
Because 20,000 about half of the more Marlin fans who showed up not to support the Marlins but the Hickley Yankee fans and getting the Brawls and fights.
That's what it's all about in this town.
We don't have any sports fans in this town.
There are no Marlin fans.
There are no Panther fans.
Well, the Panthers, it's not so much to get into fights unless it's maybe the Ranger fans that are down here.
As it is to go socialize.
But there's an ulterior motive.
It's like when a Jetson the Dolphins play.
There's like 75,000 fist fights going on and understands all at the same time.
That's what it's all about.
So that goes to show you where the passion is in this town.
But anyway, the last paragraph in this editorial is the only one that bears repeating.
It says it's everyone's right to advocate any opinion here she might hold on the volatile abortion issue.
Florida's license tags, however, are not the appropriate forum for this or any other political discourse.
Wow, what a concept.
Isn't that tough?
No.
Isn't that difficult to understand that a license tag is that the state makes isn't a place for a goddamn political opinion?
No.
Huh? That's a real tough one, isn't it?
Yes, that's rocket science.
And the people in this state are going, yeah, we don't get it.
56070560, 0.560 on a mobile one line 1026 at QAM.
Neon.
God.
When the fog gets cold over every US town races are still still so many ones
rare as a monkey's ass and his rain was in his soul.
Creations that was game.
There is secret to get things.
We are all so crazy.
Where you talking about China, don't go.
Where you talking about China, don't go.
Here's campaign was bought and bought by the commies and trade for the French and make some nuke.
The traitors for the stocks never thought it was wrong.
He's been a career with still it all inside.
Now I'm not safe from the red army space, but I can't let no fees I can't.
Hail to the coward in cheese.
All right.
All right, right now.
Back side.
Right, wheel!
All right there, pull that back.
All right.
Dig me a second time.
Wow, you're not going to believe this.
You know, this stuff that I just had been reading about,
which I, and believe me, I'm not changing my opinion on it,
but guess who up printed this?
It says this publication was made possible
by a grant from the United States International Association
of Scientologist Members Trust.
So maybe they're not as bad as you thought they were.
Maybe they're like putting something decent out.
They have a problem with the established,
like, oh, they're ill-wanted,
hydrologists in sight.
Yeah, because they're in the direct comfort.
But this is all very well documented.
Oh, no, they're right about all that stuff.
Yeah.
All the drugs and crap.
So should I give the toll free number out or not?
To the Scientologist?
No, to this citizen commission on human rights,
which is probably a run by them.
Or should I not?
Since you had this big beef with them,
which I share, by the way, 10 times full, huh?
Except to you?
Well, no, it's called psychiatry,
betraying and drugging children for profit.
But I just happen to, you know,
I want to see who put this out,
which I didn't bother reading in the first place,
because it's way down to the bottom of the page,
for obvious reasons,
because they don't want us to realize that.
Go ahead and give it up.
I mentioned that, you know, holding onto two electrodes,
while somebody asked you some questions,
it did a good alternative either.
How about propping your eyes open with toothpicks?
That works.
That worked good.
Worked for me.
Yeah, working clock work hard real well.
1-800-869-2247 in Los Angeles, by the way.
1-800-869-2247.
Why don't you read it in the side for yourself, okay?
But it's very well documented in here.
Psychiatry in the creation of senseless violence
by Bruce Weisman.
Weisman.
He don't sound like no Scientologist to me.
You know what I'm saying?
Oi!
I want to waste the time, although look at the tremendous amount
of call we're getting here today.
We already have one.
It's only 1033-567-0560.
I know it's Monday, but this is unbelievable.
And pound 560 on a mobile one line.
The cats got their tongue today, baby.
Here's a mobile in the Coral Springs.
Mobile in Coral Springs, hello.
Yeah, I wish you hadn't put the number out.
So what the hell?
But it is a front for the Scientologists.
Yeah, I just said that.
Okay.
But that doesn't invalidate what they wrote in here.
It's all documented very well.
Well, yeah, it's true, but I hate to...
I know.
But if somebody brings some good information forward,
just because it's a group that you don't like,
that doesn't mean you hide it under the rug or ignore it.
Yeah, that's absolutely true, but I hate to give them free publicity
for their scientific...
I thought I was the one that was doing it.
For their scientific analysis of...
Analyzation, yeah.
Analyzation, you know.
Well, maybe John Travolta took too many of those drugs.
Oh, you know, I can't even watch one of his movies anymore,
knowing where the money goes.
Right.
I can't watch him even if I don't know where the money goes.
He makes me sick.
And I already know they put mayonnaise on their fries and Amsterdam.
So I don't need to see that piece of crap again.
Yeah, we'll don't get into a big fight with him either,
because then they'll just...
No, I leave that to George.
George is the one, you know, who's got a...
I am just the worst.
See, first of all, George is an illegal alien,
so they can't trace him anyway, you know.
They can't document him.
He's an undocumented grease ball.
I mean, you know, they try and sound so nice and so helpful.
Yeah.
And they're just a bunch of...
Well, let's not waste our time with them.
Okay.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Okay, thank you.
Well, I thought he was caught about something else,
like something meaningful, you know.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Of course, we're going to get into that time magazine thing.
That's what you're all waiting for.
Oh, that really just makes me...
And you know something?
We'll get a lot of people in this audience,
just like those assholes, those pussy,
those pacified guys that were calling last year.
Oh, yeah, we're going to Graceland,
and it was my idea.
My wife, we're schlepping to Graceland,
or my girlfriend and I are going to Graceland.
Something wrong with some of you people.
I'm telling you right now.
Like I said, if you like vanilla ice cream,
that's okay, but it doesn't hurt anybody.
But Graceland?
Time magazine is doing this thing with the person of the century thing,
and they're doing the poll on the internet, the online poll.
Well, like I told you last week,
first of all, Hitler took the lead,
and right away, a lot of hysterical Jews got very upset.
So then, Yitzhak Rabin was the second leader in the poll,
pushing Hitler down to number two, okay?
Now, you see the transition here.
First it was Hitler.
This again is the person of the century,
not the best person of the century,
but the person who had the greatest impact
on the 20th century,
which certainly Hitler would have to be one of the leading three or four candidates,
no matter how you like this mustache,
or his meat tenderizer.
So then, Yitzhak Rabin followed,
so it's obvious that all the enormous numbers of hysterical Jews
had a, instead of voting for somebody that made sense,
was Yitzhak Rabin the man of the century?
Is there anybody in his right mind that would say that?
No.
Is it even debatable?
No.
No.
But feel better now because he slipped down to number three on the list.
Or number two, I'm sorry, Yitzhak,
did Jews are still just to make sure, you know,
they're still voting 20 times a day?
Yitzhak Rabin is number two,
eight all Hitler's down to number three on the list,
Albert Einstein.
Well, see, we got another good Jew in here, number four,
which meant to make sure we don't overload it with Jews,
we got the Pope John Paul II, number five.
Has he done anything that merits...
No.
...he took a bullet for Christ.
He did do that, I forgot about that.
And then he fell down and had the three stitches over the weekend
and went, oh yeah.
Well, what do you expect?
A little bald guy with a bean, he always goes,
when he falls down, just a natural reflex, especially if he's Polish.
John Paul II, number five,
Billy Graham is a follows him.
Martin Luther King Jr.
And look at, isn't this interesting?
There's a common thread that runs among so many of these people.
Wait till you the next one.
Mahandas Gandhi.
I guess he was good like if you were big into weight loss.
You know?
Mahandas Gandhi.
Was he the most influential person of this century?
No.
I mean, he never stole a freight train and he had a message with peace
and sit down and don't eat that kind of stuff,
which is Dr. Jackson, that's a good idea.
Mahandas Gandhi followed by Ronald Reagan and Henry Ford.
Okay?
Ronald Reagan.
So there's the first presidential name of this century to come up on a list.
Does this give you an idea of the kind of assholes?
And you know what it reminds me of?
Every time you turn on C-SPAN, it's the same thing.
The right wingers dominate C-SPAN.
So every time they take a pull, it's the same kind of crap.
It's like Fox NewsNet.
Is that, I mean, FDR, is he on the list?
No.
The top 10?
No.
Is there any question?
I mean, you know what, although Reagan, he took a bullet for Christ.
I forgot about that.
And if the R-He sent in a wheelchair for Christ,
say, didn't he?
Huh?
He sent in a wheelchair.
He had polio.
He sent in a wheelchair, although he was still in line of action from what we hear.
Right there at the end, right at the bitter end and warm springs.
Or was it hot springs or the springs were hot?
At least the wheelchair was hot.
Boy, it was smoking.
Boy, that wheelchair must have really been on fire, you know what?
But anyway, it just goes to show you what it's all about.
21 before 11 to 560 WQA M.
I can see we're going to be playing a lot of good music today.
Now to Ricky Martin.
We'll play by Alamos.
A good buddy at Reekay.
Yeah, and Reekay's hot, man.
He's, if you just give him that gigantic mole, man, that thing is big.
It's enormous.
Pretty soon it's going to start covering like the whole side of his face, you know?
Of his push.
And Z, that Gator Meek.
Hello and welcome to Redneck Fiends, a collection of fine literary works,
performed by that societal element, most likely to consume large quantities of epimal-containing liquids at their sister's wedding.
Which, incidentally, happens to be their wedding as well.
Today's presentation is the tragic tale that is Richard the third.
Now, in the world, our nation can die of heat.
They grow a new summer, a summer by the sun of York.
And all the clouds of the dirt upon our house in the days of the ocean verus.
Ah, simple mobiles.
Join us next time for another most leading edition of Redneck Fiends.
So anyway, I didn't even mention who was number one.
Did I, but I guess I gave it away.
Elvis is number one in the time pole, okay?
More important than Hitler, Einstein, FDR, Martin Luther King, Jr.
Jackie Mason.
I mean, what are we talking about here? Elvis?
Does that tell you everything you didn't know about this country?
Uh-huh.
About the people who are online?
Uh-huh.
See, keep in mind, this is an online pole.
Bad move by the people of Time Magazine.
They don't realize that most of the people who spend all their time online aren't computer nerds.
They're out of their mind.
They're sick, twisted, very, very bad, deviant people.
Is what they are.
Do you read the thing in the paper this morning about the sex online, about the 85 trillion people that are on there like wailing away for hours, five hours, ten hours a day, until it's like a raw piece of, yeah.
You didn't see that?
Over 30 words.
What?
No, no, they're on the chat lines on the, uh, and the-
Somebody typing, 30 typing.
Right.
And pictures and all these things.
That's right, where the hell is that?
I hear it is, sex lies in the internet.
We found the more time people spend online for sex, the more problems they reported in their work life or social activities.
Now here's this one guy, it says James.
He stumbled out of the university-
Like many of his chat pales nationwide, James stumbled out of the University of Online Sex for the most innocent of intentions, lonely and bored at work one day.
The 37 year old analyst began clicking the mouse. He was clicking his mouse.
That's always a bad idea, folks.
You start clicking your mouse in, all of a sudden you start getting real psychotic and discovered the Yahoo Cosmos of personal ads.
Before long he was talking dirty to dozens of women on the internet and becoming so aroused that he would masturbate in front of the computer screen for four to five hours a night.
Ooooooh!
Soon he was having one night stands with women he had met in cyberspace.
By March of this year James was now 40 and asked that his last name not to use for somewhat obvious reasons had become so addicted to the ex-rated pleasures of the net that he broke up with his girlfriend because he preferred cyber sex to real sex with women.
Do you see what I'm saying?
What the internet does to these people?
The internet is a breeding ground for lunatics. I'm not saying I don't like the internet, it's great if you're a rational person.
There's some really great crap on there if you shift you all to bullcrap.
I love my computer but after I'm done with my bookkeeping and checking out my stocks are going into crap. That's about 95% of what I used it for.
So the idea that they did this pull online, I guess that's the only way they could do it. Everything now is online. It's immediately how else you do it? Can't do it.
Elvis Presley is number one.
And of course now we have electronic ballot box stuffings what it says if that's some kind of a big surprise.
Right. The poll is what politicians call a beauty contest since times editors will make the final selection but the specter of eight off Hitler is even a virtual person of the century was enough to spur some Jewish groups into action is what it says.
It not just me assuming. Yeah. They were all going. Those of us that work daily for the benefit of the Jewish community must do everything and our power to stop this.
Send an email just with that accent to she said to stop this.
Send an email from a woman with a bureau of Jewish education. The attached message said I don't think someone who's responsible for the rest of millions and someone who taught hatred in such an unbelievable way should be called man of the century.
Two staffers at the Jewish Federation of the Greater East Bank California fired off a similar email.
Hitler also generated outrage among someone no declared affiliation. This is just plain sick. You kind of people disgusting one person wrote another said who in their right mind would vote for that raven maniac person of the century.
And a third said if you do that I'll become part of a crusade to boycott your publication and any subsidiary for the rest of my life.
Not that we got any uptight people out there. Okay. Because like I told you before everybody 95% of the people in this goddamn country are professional.
They're professional somethings and I personally that's the one thing I just cannot deal with I can't stand it is professional.
Anything people people let's start singing the song where's Barbara with the cross eyes when we need her people maybe that's what we need peeping through the people that's what we need.
People who are people not professional Jews and glam and Cubans and fix them or whatever they are Indians who cares.
What difference does it make get over it cut the crap just be let it be that would be good for a song you know what God damn it.
Yeah maybe Oasis could cut it Russ. And then of course so this isn't bad enough that they were starting out with the oh yeah I told a committee he got some Stalin.
In the beginning there was a huge concerted effort by Christians to put Jesus in first place.
Then time magazine ruled that Jesus and Muhammad were ineligible because they didn't live in the century that did not go down well in some quarters.
I think it is rather irresponsible to take Jesus Christ out of the pool one woman wrote if it was your attempt to offend millions of Christian people then your goal has been accomplished another woman said.
I will never buy another one of your god damn magazines or anything associated with your god freaking damn company while I put that in there.
To think you do not believe Jesus is a real man I will pray for you what third woman said.
I mean this is just for fun okay it's not the end of the world it's not like we're jumping off a cliff it's a it's a freaking bull for the cover of a magazine that's all.
The disqualification of Jesus pushed Hitler into the top spot particularly after Richard Holbrooke a whole book US envoy to the Balkans was quoted as saying Hitler should get the vote.
That brought the Jewish counteroffensive and a similar effort on behalf of Reverend Martin Luther Cooen a King Jr.
But the Rabin campaign was so strong that the slain is really prime minister who had needed been in the top 20 was cannibaled into the head of the packet a matter of weeks.
But by Saturday thank the Lord press lead over ticketed by a rather large margin all right Elvis we're going to Graceland with Paul Simon baby.
Elvis press with the most important person of the 20th century I think what we need to do is get a whole bunch of butterfly nets and trace those emails find out where those people are who voted for Elvis with a straight look under push and round them up now before it's too late.
Before they start taking psychotropic drugs those are all the fat rods that all these guys are having cyber and by the way you do realize that Elvis died because he took too many drugs.
No.
I don't just eat the tie in there it's perfect.
And he was sitting on the he was sitting on the crapper maybe you're working on being a rapper and up.
Yeah I'm going to tell you boys and girls there's a good lessons take your fiber okay because when you start squeezing too hard.
Uh oh that's it you go.
Oh!
One last time in your face turns blue.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood hello.
I'm feeling it.
Okay thank you and I still a way to you two okay up your ass with a piece of glass.
Here's the surf side hello.
Neil what were your ratings this past season?
This past season I had a 98 year.
98 year.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Yeah how you nailed it.
Yes sir.
Well we got a good bunch here today boy I got live one today.
How you nailed this Lenin or Karl Marx the pianist pole anywhere?
It doesn't have the whole hundred here okay so just let's see it's uh after him before the next ten is John Lenin mother Teresa Weinstein Churchill Madonna,
Bill Gates Nelson Mandela Pope Paul VI Saddam Hussein, Princess Diana and Thomas Edison.
Princess Diana how do you like that huh?
Yeah exactly yeah I honestly think the happiest people in the junior poles they do bother to read their history books they've got the rimshets and they see other ones they won't come up with some of the ridiculous books that they come up with.
Yeah okay great listen to Neil I'm out of material keep it up by.
And say hi to Tony Blair.
Oh sorry.
Okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line I dare anybody in this audience to call in here and give me a solid answer about Elvis Presley okay.
One of you jackasses that waste your time and money to go to Graceland with all those nose pickers up their intensity.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
I you know something I'd be embarrassed to even ever admit that I've been to Graceland much you know and in public circles.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello.
Hello Neil yes sir do they have any chance to have a car mark and that the guy just get you asking me sir I said he's not in the top 20 what are this last guy just get you asking I could hardly hear you.
Beauty five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Oh they're beautiful today baby like I said you know Dave Hine had a point you're worse than the Yankee fans okay you're a bigger bunch of assholes than they are.
Which is saying a lot here's a mobile in Hollywood hello.
Yeah yes sir how you doing great I think a poll and I am the only any left and Florida yeah.
If you want to know the young guy down there.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line no but Don Corleone he's on the list right.
He's on there and look a brat say he's on a list.
Yeah he's on there and Michael Michael Corleone and Centino he's on there he don't look to good anymore but Centino's on the list.
How about Vincent is he on there no he's really a spick he didn't fool anybody okay that yeah.
Andy you're not fooling anybody sweetheart.
So that's for me Gideaxe and here's Surfside hello.
Yeah so the problem Neil is that you are raping people.
Oh yeah okay say that is 84th call already this hour.
Get a life pal get a life talk about what we're talking about not give me a son of dance about Neil and this and Yadi Yadi.
Okay not interested okay the audience interested.
No.
Is anybody in the world interested.
Oh get a freaking life Jackass.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's Davey hello.
Davey.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Wise men say open this king.
Yeah they sound what.
Oh you you gotta be you gotta be careful don't speak against these all the fans they'll come and get you.
Yeah they are lunatics.
Be careful.
Was he one of the most important 2000 people of the 20th century?
No.
No no no of course not but if you if you tell these people otherwise they're worse than the Christians.
Yeah okay I'll see you in Graceland.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line this is this is one of the best hours I've ever done.
I'll be honest with you right now this is this really is a cake walk.
Cake walk in the turl it.
By the way there's nothing like a ping on that fresh ice at Ruth's Chris.
What?
Oh did you go into the city I always make a point I always get there early as you noticed.
And I'm always the first one to go in there and take a leak if I have to or not because I love ping on that fresh ice in the urinal.
There's just something I don't know what it is there's just some psychological thing about ping on a big mound of fresh ice.
Wow is that great you know huh I don't know what that is.
Maybe it's like a fetish maybe I have an ice fetish.
Here's Miami hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey I'll proof that Hitler was one of the most important men in the 20th century was every time we fight a war in the last four years.
The little the opposing sides keep calling each other Hitler don't they?
They do?
Yeah I mean we just got that done calling it slow but I'll hit learn and they call for a claim.
Yeah I'll be called the floppy little Hitler yeah.
It's incredible then everywhere you look there's Nazis coming out of the woodwork.
Yeah I think Hitler was number one.
He'll not be here and then Carl Marx right his manifesto in the 19th century instead of the 20th century.
No.
No.
Oh yeah but he was he was the figure of the 20th century not the 19th century.
That's Groucho Marx.
Groucho you're right.
All right.
And don't forget Harpo okay.
He won't go.
Okay and Gummo.
Well don't say Gummo on you okay.
All the ones off Florida they like Gummo a lot because they got right to you.
He was probably the most famous of the Marx brothers in Florida with Gummo.
567 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
And how come the outcome Groucho Marx in on the list.
I think this guy had a good point.
Forget about screw Karl Marx.
What about Groucho Marx?
He made his laugh.
He was influential.
He was more influential in my life than you know some of these other assholes like the pope and Billy Graham.
I mean you know see the religious not.
They get into they got to stick all this stuff in there again because they can't leave everybody else alone.
Nobody gives a flying crap about Billy Graham okay.
I Charles Tampoldon wrote that book for the world of God.
He'll tell you he'll give you the inside.
He'll give you the skinny on the on Billy.
What y'all crap.
And if all these religious people are having such tremendous influence the how come the world is a god damn slaughterhouse one might ask.
That's a good question right.
Nobody's got the answer for that.
The pope I mean give me a break.
The frickin pope and Ronald Reagan for Christ's sake Ronald frickin Reagan.
Jesus Christ next they'll be putting that goddamn Ronnie Reagan want to be Margaret Thatcher on the list.
That constipated bitch.
Well if he didn't use that that problem was just too much spotted dick.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil did you see what else was in the top 10?
I just got through reading the list.
Yeah the number nine was Dennis Rodman.
Uh-huh okay great.
567-0560, pound five six.
Ha ha ha.
pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
How come we got the sports nerds calling us today huh?
Boy they must be really getting bored since there's nothing going on down here with sports anymore for like months and months.
And nobody cares about the hurricane which by the way if any the ugly is to hurricane baseball team ever.
Huh?
Even Ron Fraser said that if that back with the other day said you know I wish them all the luck in the world even though I'm not coaching anymore.
But boy these are sure a bunch of ugly guys.
1056-0560 WQAM.
Oh
Oh
every year.
Check out my wetland, poking my mouth with the same ear.
It comes onto me and there's two things in my ear.
It smells so hot, but if you wanna take me,
you'll know the things about me, don't think you know.
I'm on the list, 70.
You should be scared of me,
because you could go to jail if you'd be with me.
Or you get my friend, you and the friends of me.
She was 25, but she's just a team.
No safety, I've been my last of three.
Daddy called a cop and mine.
So I just lost perfect to me,
because I've had such a rig.
No, I'm not gonna pitch by me.
My budget thing runs out of my show.
She's under it.
She'll pay me some money.
You should be scared of me.
Yeah, the mental,
and the most friendlier,
the kind of boy.
Oh, right.
She's looking right by me.
I'm actually a little bit more scared of me.
All right, well, say this.
At least Jennifer Losses is underage.
Is she, how old is she?
Like, 22?
Oh, she's legal.
Oh, yeah, she's definitely legal by any standards.
And from the neck down, not too bad.
She's okay.
But she can't sing a word of a paper sack.
Unlike Brittany,
who can sing her way in a paper sack.
Not out of a paper, but now,
if she's singing into a paper sack, not too bad.
So anyway, here's the bio of the marks brothers.
Did you know the real names of the marks brothers?
Chico was Leonard.
Parpo was Adolf.
Oh!
Groucher was Julius.
Gomo was Milton.
Milton and Zepa was Herbert.
How do you like that?
We learned something today,
but Scott sent me these stupid biographies.
Okay, I'm wasting our facts, paper, you idiot.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
The man, the, and by the way,
is this the, it's the person of the century.
Have you noticed there are no women on the list?
That's why I stopped myself when I said the men of the century.
The time magazine thing is the person of the century.
No women on there.
Except we have to go all the way down to number 12.
Mother Teresa.
Mother Teresa was the most important woman of the 20th century.
Oh!
That wrinkled up little shrivel little bitch
that was running around the world,
schlepping around,
telling people to overpopulate,
and all these other horrible messages she was sending out,
just like the Pope.
Madonna.
Oh, geez!
Oh!
I read that, but you know something?
I just, right after Winston Churchill,
right between Winston Churchill and Bill Gates,
is frickin' Madonna.
Okay?
Number 11, 12, 13.
Number 14.
Just ahead of Nelson Mandela,
Pope Paul VI, which by the way,
who the, he's not feeling too good,
Sodom Hussein, Princess Diana,
I'll get back to you Diana,
and Thomas Edison.
I want you to stop and think about this, okay?
In the mentality of the nerds out there in this country,
Elvis, Presley, and Madonna were more influential
in the 20th century than Henry Ford and Thomas Edison.
And Albert Einstein.
And Franklin Roosevelt, who by the way,
can't crack the top 20.
I'm gonna tell you wonder why this is a country
people walking around going like that?
Huh?
You wonder why we got millions of people who,
that's all I know, their whole IQ is,
Jesus Christ, Madonna!
I'm gonna puke my lunch on, I haven't even had it yet.
That's a pathetic.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Yeah, hello?
Yeah, yes sir.
Marie Kong.
Yeah, and back to you.
Okay, thanks for your brilliant call sir,
terminal.
And by the way, I think it's really at a Ross Laiton
myself, or at least Jorge Monscanosa.
5670560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Carl Springs, hello?
Yeah, how you doing?
Great.
You know what, I've been listening all morning.
I'm leaving America, I'm going back to Italy.
This is unbelievable.
And by the way, I don't think Mussolini even made the top 20.
What are these people, what's going on?
I moved to Florida two years ago.
I'm the most depressed person in the world.
Nobody knows how to drive.
Nobody speaks English.
Right.
I'm moving out of here, out of here.
I'm going back to Italy.
I don't want to take Neil, you woke me up, thanks buddy.
Well, just to remember one thing, okay?
Florida sucks.
What it does, Bob?
How many good airtube?
Ciao, ciao.
5670560, 0.560, 0.560 on the AT&T
wireless line.
Of course, if you don't have a passport,
you can't go to Italy.
Just keep that in mind, George.
Mother Teresa Madonna, this is the most puke inducing list.
How could Franklin, how could Yitzchakra be and even be on his list?
In other words, the Jews couldn't come up with somebody more important.
They wanted to, you understand?
This, this, this, concerning effort here to get rid of Hitler,
not came out of the box there.
So, a Yitzchakra being with the most influential Jewel of the 20th century?
No.
No. How about Milton Broell?
Huh?
No contest.
How about Al Goldstein?
No contest.
Einstein was Jewish.
Why didn't they rally behind him?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, he was too smart.
They don't want somebody quite that smart.
They want somebody who's a martyr, you know?
Who took a bullet for...
Gertrude Stein.
I know who took the bike.
He didn't take it for Jesus.
I know that.
Not a good Jewish boy like Yitzchak.
He didn't take the bullet for Jesus.
Here's the four-letter deal.
Hello?
Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Mr. Nine-in-Ninezik.
You had a kind word for me after my last call.
My son, he urged parody.
Yes.
He told George not a bad guy.
So I'm not a hockey game.
But, but fat.
Very fat.
Very fat.
I call the rest of us.
You're American.
You're fat.
Right in the black.
I have to take offense to that.
I'm 6'1.
I weigh 163.
What was I wearing?
That's my...
You weigh 163?
I have...
22 years down here.
My weight's day.
Thank God.
I was very heavy young.
But now I'm...
I don't know why.
Why would I make that up?
My weight's fluctuated between 163 and 166.
Maybe 100 pounds of it is between your neck and your knees.
That's possible.
That could be true.
But maybe in the opening.
It's shifting.
The two things I have to mention today.
Number one.
Do you do know what day day is?
What day today is?
Yeah.
No.
Well, it's flag day.
It's flag day?
Flag day.
What day is flag day?
Flag day.
Which is the famous...
Of course, the famous composer, Jewish composer, playwright,
George M.
Cohen Rowe.
George M. Cohen?
Cohen Rowe.
What about the ring Berlin?
Well, that's not even the Jewish composer.
I think his name was Israel something.
Yeah.
And what about George and Ira Gershwin?
To Lord Jews?
Certainly more influential than Yitzchak Rabin.
And now can say Yitzchak anyway.
Oh.
But I also want to have something in the fact that...
You know, George M. Cohen was alive today and being flag day.
He was certainly changed his lyrics and he would have probably dedicated the song to you.
Of course, you would have probably said Neil.
You're a grand old bag.
You're no limperist.
Old bag.
And forever in truth may you rave.
You're the emblem of the city we love.
The home of the second he prays...
Oh!
For Neil our heart's be true, radios number one rated you.
Always ready to boast our brag.
Yeah.
But should Neil's top ratings gay and dread they'll say goodbye Neil.
You old Jewish bag.
All right.
Have you fight that?
Exactly.
Okay, today is Fag Day.
How do you like that?
What are they talking about Ricky Martin so much this morning on CBS?
Open line in the summer and we're doing the man of the year.
The print.
How come we don't have any women in the top god damn ten?
Okay, that's not that I can think of any.
How about Golden My Year?
Wasn't Golden My Year like more significant than Yitzhak Rabin?
Is there any doubt?
Yes.
Believe me when I tell you.
You know who she reminded me of Molly Goldberg.
Do you ever see a Molly Goldberg together with the...
Huh? Gold My Year now.
Same person.
Ten past eleven at five sixty WQM.
Suck it in and hold it.
The cane is back bigger and better than ever.
Elvis, probably in his first big movie role since he's been dead.
Elvis, Abarabia.
Elvis.
I don't live this through.
Yes, it's a completely new Elvis movie with the same old Elvis movie touches.
Seventeen unforgettable waves and eighteen more gettable songs including Dead Bear.
Don't be fooled.
Dying in the chapel.
Blue Sway burial shoes.
Doing nothing but a pole there.
And more.
Yes, see Elvis in his stiffness performance yet.
He's bigger, better, and better than ever.
Elvis, Abarabia.
Playing in a theater drive that are more to where we near you.
Booh!
Thank you.
Thank you for that.
Yeah, you're welcome.
Okay, so look at this.
The more I examine this, the more I dissect it.
Not only is Elvis number one, but number eleven is John Lennon.
And number fourteen is Madonna.
And down there, number nineteen is Princess Diana.
So you have all these pop culture figures on there.
People that have nothing to do with history, nothing to do with anything important.
People who are like, you know, assholes, meaningless, insignificant.
Which I guess goes to Shor, the kind of people who are surfing the mat.
Why don't we get like a toll-free number?
Why didn't Time Magazine do it that way?
Huh?
Well, that made a hell of a lot more sense.
We do it that way, or even have a pay phone number.
Which would discourage people from doing it like seventy-five million times,
which it admits in the article that people are already doing that.
And it says in here that there's nothing to stop you from voting early and often.
But Time Magazine draws the line of robotic programs, such as the Pro Microsoft one that was launched,
to vote hundreds of times for company chairman Bill Gates.
Time is retaliated by deleting those votes.
Such programs slow down the website and locking out anybody who employs one.
Gates also has been trashed online by Apple fans and prefer Steve Jobs.
Of course, most people prefer his brother, Blow.
But anyway, five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Elvis and Madonna and John Lennon, a country filled with vacuous brains, baby.
People walking around looking each other with the eye and going...
Like that.
Well, that was close to...
It was close to that.
It was in the same letter anyway.
Here's my name is Lake.
Hello.
Yeah, I want to ask you.
You mentioned it before this weekend you went to dinner and one of the girls had lovely breasts.
And then you said, Teats.
And I heard how...
Did they say Teats?
Excuse me?
Oh, you mean Friday?
I said that.
I didn't say Teats today.
Well, that's Friday.
Okay.
You said it Friday.
Today Howard was having a problem with that word.
Yeah.
But now come Jim Mandage could say...
Because he's a sports guy.
Sports guys can say Teats.
But if you like...
You said it all the time.
Right.
Look at the girl with those big fat sloppy tips over there.
Right.
Why does she get away with that?
Because he's a sports guy.
I just told you that.
It's a locker room thing.
The FCC has decided that if you're a jock, if you have the mentality of a jock, that you can say all these things because it's part of your vocabulary.
But the rest of us have to be a little more suited when we...
You, we have to say...
That.
Oh, all right.
That makes sense.
Okay.
Okay.
And don't say tips on the show again, okay sir.
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Hi, how are you doing?
Great.
For all those people who think Madonna and those people are so great, let them go through a day without having Madonna touch your lives.
No big problem.
Yeah.
So I think if you go through a day without having Edison and your wife...
Right.
You're not going to do anything.
Exactly.
You're going to be bumble around the dark.
You're going to be not listening to radio or records.
That's right.
Motion pictures.
Motion pictures.
Yeah.
I mean, it's your Desmond Stoll, all his patents from him.
Yes.
He gets my vote for number one.
Tom and Tom and Setah are knee sure right up there.
He should be in the top five.
I'll tell you that right now.
Absolutely.
Okay, God bless you sir.
There's a man with a brain, okay?
That's the problem.
We got no brains in his goddamn pocket.
I'll give it to the top five right now, okay?
FDR number one.
Hitler number two.
Tom and Setah's number three.
Einstein number four.
And me number five.
Now who, number five, but once you get past the top four, who could it be?
Henry Ford.
Henry Ford number five.
Excellent.
There you go.
I have a list on this intellectual show for the top five people of this century.
Not Jesus.
Not Mohammed.
Not Morgandis Gandhi.
Not Yitzhak Rabin or anybody else in his name.
Oh, look at that.
You see that?
Look at that.
I avoid a few.
We avoid a few.
Oh, I mean, a little tiny bit of it, okay?
So there's a little longer there, okay?
Just the tiny one.
I had to show the evidence.
I don't want to make it up.
Oh, well, that's why Jews are always coughing up flammy.
You hear the old man like that.
It's a lifelong habit.
And of course, when you eat too much deli, I'm telling you, man, there's always got to be some Jew on a list of the...
Oh, here, here.
I want to see another one.
56670560, the top five 60 on the 18th.
The one in the wireless drive.
Here is the Miami, what is it?
Miami and Deerfield Beach, what does that mean?
Deerfield Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, I am from Miami.
Two things.
Are you in Deerfield Beach?
No.
I don't know where that came from.
Wow, you're on your way there.
Hey, that's just don't know you.
I'm never going there.
Hey, two things.
One of life's greatest little pleasures is kissing in the urinal of fresh ice.
Right, oh.
You could have a sun cruise casino.
They have that.
Oh, they do too?
Yeah.
Maybe let's find out the places where they have fresh ice in the urinal where you can like all the great restaurants and places.
That's the only place you can eat.
They have a fresh ice leaking fetish.
Yeah.
And one of the worst things is different than when it's not so fresh.
Right, oh.
That's another story.
Oh.
Most influential Jew, what about Oppenheimer?
I mean, he created Bob.
Oppenheimer, crazy Jew, right?
Yeah, I mean, that's not too bad.
He still feels bad about it.
Yeah, he does, but that's the shame it's out there.
All right, Neil.
Thanks for the good news.
Yeah, take care.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the year votes for the person of the century.
Let's do this for the next kind of all summer long.
Let's do this.
That's what I say, huh?
I mean, so stupid calls about ball games.
A very young hurricane team get out of here already.
Get a life you idiots.
They're throwing your mouse pad to the game on Friday.
What a bunch of animals.
What a bunch of idiots.
Wait a minute.
I'm telling you, wait until they have hot air balloon night.
That's going to be good.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
Where are the women on this?
Where are the women?
Can't you women come up with some woman who should be in this list?
At least in the top five or ten?
Can't you come up with some woman that did something?
I got a fact here that's his Margaret Sanger.
A woman who was thrown into jail for mailing literature about birth control.
How about Susan B. Anthony?
Got women to write to vote?
How about the Carrey Nation was running around breaking bottles over guys' heads, huh?
Like Joe's girlfriend.
What's your name?
Jenine?
Close.
Keep going.
Jenine?
Yeah.
Well, you got women.
That's an unusual name, okay?
Nice name.
I know.
She's a very nice person and she's very domineering.
And the two of them are going to be in the town.
It's going to be a battle.
World War Four will be fought right there in that house.
If the two of them should ever lock horns.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
A bitter-row response here today.
Here's Pepperc Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Good morning, God.
Hey, I, to talk about your man of the year, I'm from the year.
I'm from the year.
I'm from the year.
God, it got.
I'm from the year.
I'm from the year.
I'm from what you're saying.
I work at a restaurant that employs a certain Elvis Imposter or impersonator or whatever you want to call it.
You got him in the States in a model.
He'll sing a couple of songs, bring the lights down low and then he'll say,
oh, well, Elvis brought the black people and white people together in harmony and in this and that.
How do you do that by singing, don't be cool?
Is that what the turn of all around?
I had a run.
I had a run.
I bring it up to him after the show and he goes on about the spiel about this.
The only thing Elvis did was make a big case for incest by sleeping with his mother till he was like 25 years old.
Exactly.
I don't know where he even comes up with.
You believe this in any way?
I'm going to tell you something.
Elvis Presley was one of the first great products of hype in our lifetimes.
That was Elvis Presley.
I'm not saying he didn't have some songs that were okay.
He wasn't a great singer.
He was certainly a horrendous actor.
There was nothing great about him.
I mean, he swiveled his hips a lot and he would just like Ricky Martin.
But that's it.
There was nothing great about Elvis Presley.
Elvis Presley went out into scratch.
He became fat and misshapen and swollen up like a bullfrog and disgusting.
And went out on drugs and owed it on drugs.
There was nothing glamorous about Elvis Presley.
I hear you.
And these people that keep sleeping up there to Graceland to see his remains.
Or to see him at a diner show up on the count and of the counter having lunch with him or whatever they're going.
These are crazy people, sir.
You want to hear something?
It's a cult.
It's the Elvis cult.
If you want to hear something else, the guy I called earlier.
I have reservations that come in.
These people come in and these are the wackiest people you will ever meet in your life.
Believe it will be people that follow.
They think that this guy is really Elvis.
And the funny thing is.
They probably also like Santa Claus.
Who knows?
He makes these tapes and CDs.
And these people buy it up and buy it up.
And they don't even have enough money to sit at the end of the night.
You know, it's like crazy.
Unbelievable.
You take it easy, Neil.
And I call somebody a douchebag.
Yes, sir.
Rob Ray and John Roberts.
Doucheburg.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Have we had a woman call today?
No.
No.
And we had one woman that's got any thoughts on a person of the century.
Oh, there are two busy women.
How about Jerry Springer, huh?
Who gives us a free anger management class right there on TV every day?
Pathetic.
Elvis Presley.
Ricky Martin.
He'll probably be moving up a list anytime now.
25 past 11 at 560 WQM, you want to go?
He's a very busy guy.
He's probably done it with his mother.
He can take me to inside of a low down.
He eats gasoline.
Oh, he got his meat stuck in the tusks.
And he just can't deal with the sinky.
He does it hanging inside down from a ceiling fan.
He injured a major with an ebber.
He's got the hot pork marks in thin.
How about Tom's I do?
He got it on with Wilma Flintstone.
Yeah, but how about him?
He made love to a bowling ball.
He had to be with her mental.
Don't let it out.
He's a super freak.
A super freak is a super geek in it.
OK, it's 11 30 at 560 WQM.
We got Pancovers show a two from Shula State, two.
We got Jim Mandogman.
It's yeah.
We probably will say Tits set her 20 times tonight at 6 o'clock.
And then we got the Marlins at Arizona.
930. 930 pre-game games starts at 105.
Get those times right.
Bluff had to remake the schedule like 75 times this morning
because we got all those West Coast games now.
He just can't get it right.
He can't get it right.
567 05 60, 05 60 on the 18th.
How can we have empty lines on this?
How are even on a Monday?
Don't we have any thinking people in the audience?
No.
Don't we have any people who are pissed off and fired up about Elvis and Madonna and John Freakin Lennon and Billy Graham being on this list?
No.
And you want to know why?
Because most people in this guy then country are obsessed with this kind of crap.
These are the kind of people who are important.
I wouldn't be surprised if Whitney Spears pops the top 5 before too long.
She's going to be poppin' it.
Here's a Miami.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Top 10.
Carol Dodo.
Here's a lady in the North in the Coral Springs.
Hello.
What do you do?
Can you hear me?
Who is that in the background?
My son.
I just picked him up on the school final week.
Well, Tom, the dummy up.
Dummy up, he said.
Yeah.
I just wanted to say a personal essentially.
Nobody has mentioned row.
What about row versus weight?
Row?
Yeah.
I don't know.
How about preacher row?
Row.
That was a very important thing.
Well, what was your name?
I don't know.
Row versus weight.
King Dowe.
Well, that was important this century.
Yeah.
How about Madeline and Rio?
How about Madeline and Rio?
How about Madeline and Rio?
Oh, well, no.
More influential than Madonna.
Well, that's for sure.
More influential than John Lennon.
I'm Brittany Spears and her Boob job.
Right.
But anyway, I've never called you before, so.
Well, thanks.
Thanks, Neil.
And have a great day.
You too, bye.
Bye.
566705.
We have 400 open lines waiting on you here.
All our thoughtful people out there.
All this great audience.
566705.
Hey, how about the, what's his name?
How about that red net coach up there in Tallahassee, huh?
Bobby Bowden.
How about him?
Huh?
Good old boy.
Never stole a freight train.
Yeah, let's get some, how about OJ?
How come he in on the list, right?
That's what Rawr.
You say if he ever shows up with our black penis that he stole
at big, gigantic one he took out here on Friday.
You know, I'd be embarrassed.
I guess Roy's embarrassment factor.
I guess if you're hanging around in public with OJ,
you don't have any embarrassment factor, right?
Uh-huh.
Right.
But I'd be embarrassed to sell the walk in here.
And Yanka, a big black dildo off the shelf.
And then I'm not bringing it back.
What's he doing with this?
Is he getting to know what is he strapping it on?
Well, what is he?
I don't want to imagine that.
I mean, somebody wants set of Roy that he's a big strapping guy.
I don't know what they were talking about.
Don't make me go there.
Here's a mobile endear field page.
Jell-O.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Maybe Roy's practicing to see OJ Simpson, who knows.
Yeah, and he might be getting ready for his next visit.
There you go.
Hey, I called last week.
I know when that guy brought in a stake,
it wasn't quite as good as Ruth Chris.
Yeah.
Well, I have to try to be nice there.
I don't know if you guys realize it,
but Ruth Chris pays almost half a million dollars a year
to independent agencies to have her restaurant's mystery shop.
And she'll pay, I don't know what the fee is,
but I mean, people go in there every 60 days
and write up any kind of deficiency of people
who are doing their job.
I'll make free shops that are certainly better than mystery meat.
I'll pay to that.
Well, that's true, but when you compete with something like that,
or I don't work for them as an employee,
but when you compete with somebody who are,
perfection is almost the minimum standard.
It's really hard to compete with you.
That's right.
That's why I said,
I've discovered the best of all these other people
who are always trying to, you know, want to up me.
Forget it.
I mean, nobody's ever going to convince me
to anything's better than Ruth Chris.
I love it.
That's it.
I think my clients there,
and you're consistently guaranteeing you to greet me
or anywhere in the world.
So that's hard to compete with.
Excellent.
So I'll pass that along.
And I'm sure that your next meal will be free.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I will be too embarrassing for me to mention
at Rimmer called me on Friday,
and I'm totally,
well, what are you doing this weekend?
I said, well, nine of us are going to Ruth's Christen or I'm buying.
Oh, we were going to go this weekend.
There would be,
wouldn't that be embarrassing to say that on the air?
Ah, that he was looking for another free meal of Ruth's Christ?
That would be embarrassing, you know?
Here's a,
a palpano.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I'd like to explain why Alvis Preglis should be ahead of Jesus.
Oh!
Because when Jesus arrived from the grave,
when he came alive from the grave,
only a few people seen him.
Yeah.
But when Alvis arrived,
come alive from the grave,
there were hundreds of people that seen him.
Thousands.
Right.
They saw him in Hawaii.
They saw him on lunch counters all over America, diners, yeah?
Right.
Good point.
Good point.
Thank you so much.
God bless you.
It's a good point right there, okay?
Only a tiny handful saw Jesus,
and the rumor has it that Jesus had only a tiny handful,
kind of like Enrique.
5607-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in four-laterdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got another one for your list.
How about Hey, Woods of Lomi?
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See what I'm saying about America?
There's another one.
Right there.
That's his IQ right between his legs.
Here's a mobile in Coral Springs.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Right.
Listen, you're talking about influencing people.
What about Harry Truman?
Did he influence a few Japanese?
Yeah.
Good luck, bombo.
But wouldn't you say that the people who invented the bomb
were more influential than...
Yeah, he was certainly going to be in the top 10.
I mean, he's just maybe a little bit more influential
than Prince's Diana.
I mean, he made the decision to basically wipe out millions
of people.
Right.
Or that's a trend around to save hundreds of thousands
of American people.
Right.
And, you know, if we have to choose between killing hundreds of thousands of
Japs and saving hundreds of thousands of Americans, we'll save the Americans.
Thank you.
Yeah, well, because one thing about the Asian people we discovered is they can multiply
like rabbits anyway.
So what's the problem, yeah?
That's right.
And I just think you were talking to Elvis in Plopano.
And it sounded like him, yeah.
Yeah.
All right, you have a good day.
And back to you.
Where's all the women out there, like I said, is that the best they can do is
print this freaking Diana?
Jesus Christ.
Much, like I said, Elvis was the first great hype job of our lifetime.
Never, never, was anything hype so much.
And of course, look who else is on the list here?
Madonna?
100% hype job.
Nothing but hype.
John Lennon, the Beatles, hype job.
Hype.
I should have said, pipe job because they liked what was coming out of that pipe.
You know what I'm saying or what was going in it?
Yeah.
Yeah, they knew where the good drugs were.
India.
Here's Volker.
Hello.
Yeah.
Maherishi had a good mushroom.
Yes sir.
Yeah, but the Beatles were, you know, they changed the thinking and all that rank and file stuff that was going on.
Did they?
Surely it was that.
Where did they change anybody's thinking?
Where was that?
All across the world, people changed it.
Before that, they were all had the crew cuts and the wingtips shoes.
Oh, in other words, some of these are self-pottom pants that means you're thinking differently and you have big sideburns.
I believe that that created some of the...
Adam and Eve, yeah.
And the people worked on the computers.
They were all listening to the Beatles.
Yeah, let it be.
Turn out those computers.
Way back when Steve Jobs and all those people.
Steve Jobs and his brother Blow.
Yeah, right.
And don't forget rim.
And rim job.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm going to forget rim.
Next meal.
Okay.
Now he's going to reach Chris in a couple of weeks.
You'll have to wait, rim are okay.
You're free loading dick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
But George has hired by the way and thanks for their free meal you promised him.
See, when I promise a free meal, I come through.
I don't just pay lip service, although that's something to think about.
22 before noon at 560 WQM Speak.
The Riddians.
Don't add dirt.
Please, don't be me.
Oh, no, not me.
Oh, I don't want to.
Sorry, Nicholas.
You got the short straw.
It's American's favorite new game show, the short straw.
Looks like it's up to you to tell the mailroom girl about that nasty mustache problem.
And now who's going to tell the boss about his BL?
Oh, God, no.
Not me again.
Oh crap.
No, no way.
You think I'm going to do this?
You could take this straw and shove it up your ass.
Special showing of the short straw is on tonight.
From the sales assistance overwhelming perfume to the GM's constant boner.
Find out who asked to break the news.
Check local listings for a time and station.
It's on 43.
It's big in the GM's, by the way.
Greg Reed was in here this morning threatening again to bring in pictures from when he was younger to prove that his kids really are his kids.
He's got a beautiful family.
I told him that this morning the problem is we don't know who the father is of those kids.
He had his son in here yesterday who went off the Minnesota by the way for a couple of months just to get away from them.
I think the search for his real dad.
And nice looking kid.
He's 16.
He's blonde.
He's taller than Greg and he's blonde.
It looks nothing like him, okay?
His daughter.
He said his daughter is bruh-brunette but a little bit of blonde in there.
Does he have any blonde in his hair, Greg?
No.
No.
Does he have any hair?
No.
No.
But he's going to bring in pictures of you one of these days you wait and see.
In fact, he don't need to bring in any pictures.
I bet you there's all kinds of pictures of him all over the building.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
So anyway, Eric fax is a list of his people in the century in no particular order.
Einstein, Thomas Edison, Jonah Sock.
I mean, who is more important?
Jonah Sock will invent a polio vaccine or Madonna, right?
Yeah.
Susan B. Anthony, like I said, women suffrage.
All you women out there who, by the way, the cats got your tongue and you got nothing to say about this.
She's the one who got you to write the right to vote you idiots.
You simple then.
Hitler, FDR, Robert Oppenheimer, Margaret Sanger, Carl Jung Jung, for all you psycho freaks.
Robert Goddard who invented the liquid fuel rocket.
Edwin Humble discovered the universe is expanding.
Oh no, it's not expanding.
He just made that up.
He must be communist.
The leaky family.
Squirt, squirt.
For proving evolution despite the Christians.
Rachel Carson who started environmental awareness.
Martin Luther King Jr., not for being a minister but helping the n-segregation.
And the tie for last Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock.
Well, now we're getting a little carried away, Eric.
You do well until you got to Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock.
But as far as entertainers are concerned, and this is something I not only didn't like,
somebody I despise.
Even though he's dead, I still hate him like poison.
Frank Sinatra.
If you're going to put an entertainer in the top ten or twenty.
Am I right?
More influential than Madonna?
Then Elvis Presley?
Then John Lennon?
Oh yes.
I don't know why you're shaking your head now.
He didn't change anything.
He didn't do anything new.
John Lennon changed nothing.
Other than maybe the sheets after they were doing it in the bed there for the, for the, for the him and that Yoko,
whatever her name was.
Oh no.
Oh no.
That's all the world.
That's all the world.
Change what?
The whole world of music.
Took it a whole new direction.
The whole thing was family that did that.
Well, he started, yeah, but yeah, but it, well, it would have been rockabilly if it hadn't been for them and then everybody that they.
Well, how about a little Richard?
Let's put him on a lit.
How about Carl Perkins?
Well, we could keep going back.
Yeah.
But nevertheless, there were the ones that have been doing different things.
How about the Marvelettes?
How about Phil Specter?
Oh, he invented the wall of sound.
Yeah.
How about Phil Specter?
So that talentless people like the backseat boys could sound good.
You know, I'm glad you enjoyed that one meal of Ruth Chris.
Don't expect another invite too soon.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about JFK, Artie Murphy, Marilyn Monroe?
Marilyn Monroe.
There you go.
We got the right mothers that invented here.
And what about the right brothers?
God bless you.
How can we leave out the frickin' right brothers, especially somebody like me who can't wait to get on the next plane to get out of this vapid place?
That's about it.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
There you go.
The right brothers.
Are the right brothers on the list?
No.
Anybody know who they are?
Orville, Wilbur, and Julius?
Well, Julius didn't get a lot of publicity.
Well, they had to be a Jewish woman, didn't they?
Just to keep the Jews voting for them so that we can give her that Yitzhak Rabin.
Elvis Presley and Yitzhak Rabin number one and two.
I mean, if that doesn't make your skin crawl.
Yeah.
What are we talking about here?
We're talking about professional knitwits and professional Jews, I guess, is what we're talking about.
I mean, Yitzhak Rabin was a good guy and never stole a freight train.
He wanted peace of this, peace of that.
But in the meantime, yeah, so did a lot of other people.
See, it would have been, how about Manacham Began?
He was a little bit too right-wing and I'm the hook that I can say Manacham, you know?
Yitzhak's hard enough.
But Manacham, oh, look at that one.
Oh!
Mmm.
Nice juicy green one.
See, all you kids out there, it's a good lesson for you.
Learn a little yetis, okay?
Learn a little yetis if you want to get all the flim out of your system.
Oh, look at!
Let's get lunch, by the way, okay?
Let's get to the important part of being here today and get some goddamn lunch in here.
What are we eating for lunch?
No ponytail.
We don't have time for that.
We've exhausted ourselves trying to make contact with that man and we've just given up on him.
What about our good friend, what's his name?
Atonis.
You know, what's his name, Brad?
Brad.
I know his name.
I just wanted to start getting too pushy now.
We give him a nice, nice, nice food.
What about our good buddy Brad?
Over atonis, but probably sent us 20 or 30 pies and some other good stuff, huh?
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
What do you want?
Whatever they got.
I'll eat anything.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, that Crembor Lake, by the way, for just, no, not that.
Oh.
And you know, not before lunch time, please.
Don't make that symbol, okay?
Don't make that symbol to me right around lunch time.
Jesus, Joseph and...
Bleh!
Bleh!
Bleh!
I didn't say it.
You don't want to see it.
Anyway, yeah, you do.
That Crembor Lake for dessert was just unbelievable.
You know?
The Spinnet jog rotten.
And the appetizers, which some people miss most of them, by the way, because they showed up a little bit late, but it's, you know, tipped me it all the way up there from Key West.
Huh?
More for us.
Oh.
We had stuffed mushrooms.
We had the barbecue shrimp, which is my favorite unbelievable, this fantastic.
And all kinds of shrimp cocktails.
And all kinds of great stuff.
And the Carpaccio with the toast.
The whole plot of it, though.
Right.
There you go.
With some shaved parmesan or whatever that was.
Oh.
Nice going, Rootscrest.
God bless you.
Thank you so much.
Almost as good as Smith and Walensky, but.
Yeah.
Which I'm taking their knives from today.
All right.
Let's hear it.
Woo!
You know, we gave you plenty of damage.
I, before I felt bad about taking these home.
Do I feel bad now?
No.
No. They gave them to us tough.
They took a shot in the dark and the, you know, sucked.
Anyway, moving right along.
I still say Frank Sinatra, okay, not for the top five, but if you're going to put that retainer in there, he was influential.
Not that he had any talent.
He couldn't single out of his paper sack.
How about some of the mafia people, huh?
How about Meyer Lansky?
Was he an HB in the top 50?
Uh-huh.
You bet.
What about the Santa's traffic, traffic, County for killing Kennedy?
Yeah.
And what about?
Tom Coyons.
What about him?
What, what about Mario Puzzo?
Huh?
What about the, let's do this.
We'll kill the summertime.
We'll make a list of the top 15,000 people.
On the bay of your daughter's wedding.
Okay, Luke, you just put a little, put a little, okay, you fatso.
Maybe Luke could like a job with the beesleaves, okay?
Maybe we could meet him like at the local tavern.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Besides yourself, which is definitely on there, let's talk about Bill, the first telephone.
He's one.
And he was in the 19th century.
Oh.
Okay.
Right at the end of the 19th century.
Yeah, what about the old mayor of Miami Beach?
What was his name, Rosen?
Yeah.
And what about Rosen?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And what about, what about the Seymour Gelber?
No, I don't know.
What about Maurice Ferre?
What about Worm, that, Alex Penis?
What about Worm, that, explored that zip?
Yeah.
Who invented that?
567, 0560, 0560 on the ATA.
You know something, this is a good sign.
You know what it means?
It means the drugs are in early this week.
Yeah, man.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, hello?
Neil.
It's only Monday and these people already are doing the special mushrooms.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
By the way, they were great too, those broad mushrooms.
It was just great.
I got tied for number one.
It's been very influential to me and me.
I will bet in Jerry.
I like it.
All right.
Hey, you know, two good Jewish boys from Vermont.
Everybody said, you know, how about Gandhi, your mother Teresa for the ladies, even then, you know.
But the year of Star Wars, everyone's going to have to look at something I bet, right?
We're going to what?
Everyone's going to have George Lucas up on the top five, I'm sure.
Probably.
He'll probably be number one.
If he promises to stop making those movies, yeah.
How about Mark Campbell?
A little Mark Campbell.
There you go.
Still try to put the pieces of his and put together.
Everybody forgets about him, Mark Campbell.
That damn bag, I can't stand it.
Ronald Reagan, my ass.
Oh, this just makes my blood portal, you know.
But we got a lot of, now I wonder when does this, how long does this thing go on?
I guess probably all year long they're going to milk this thing.
And you know what, we'll be right there with them side by side.
You know, not that we want to milk it.
But it is the summertime.
Just take a look around at your psychotic sports stations.
Are there any interest in the, like the hockey game, did I get one call about that buffalo
and that featured performance with 12 shots against Dallas, see it tonight?
Did they get a call?
No.
No interest, none.
Although I did get a fact that I got another FedEx, did you see that?
No.
From the guy in Dallas again.
He doesn't, he, and that was after the second game, after they tied up the series.
I wish he had stopped setting me those damn things, okay, you're wasting a lot of money.
I hate the stars like poison, okay?
My good post-personal friend there at Texas.
I mean, a good luck to you, but not too much.
I hate them.
Can't stand them.
How about Rick Generette?
There you go.
Oh!
And certainly Frank Mahaballic.
Oh!
Here's a mirror, Mar, hello.
Yeah, sir.
When's the Churchill?
He's the, he, Winston Churchill is number, listen to this.
He's number 13, just one ahead of Madonna.
Oh, okay, whoa.
One ahead of Madonna.
I can separate the importance of that.
And to, and to behind John Lennon.
Well, you, you, you, how about the alcohol, if you want to talk about gangsters, you know?
Well, actually, you know, the problem is that they had the wrong Lennon on there.
Okay, it, how about the Lennon, you know, the one that's the Bolsheviks?
Vladimir?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Are you don't think communism is maybe a little bit influential this century?
No.
No, that's what I thought.
No, not like John Lennon.
Oh, okay.
George tells us that John Lennon changed the way we think.
Okay.
That's what George said.
That's what he said.
Yeah, well, I know, I know, you're ready to fall on the floor, but that's what he said.
He said, John Lennon changed the world.
Let me ask you a better place.
Let me ask you a better place.
Let me ask you a better place.
Let me ask one more thing.
Not the singer, but Karl Marx, the, uh, he's not in the top 20, which I find shocking.
Oh, yeah.
And of course, he did say that religion was the opiate of the masses, which he was absolutely correct about that.
So that's why they don't like, and of course, keep in mind, you're not supposed to be too fond of communists.
We don't want to get our laggy from, we don't have to.
It's not human, friend, they're exactly, we don't get them all with, uh, communista, communista, communista.
How about Jorge Mascanoza, come up with a Cuban, who is the most important influential figure in the century, huh?
We haven't had one, all I, how about some Cuban Madi-Cone.
That's what we had before.
That's Madi-Cone guy.
Here is a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Great show today.
Yes, it is.
I'll get these people thinking a little bit.
Get your thinking caps on, goddammit.
and now it's time
that's one amazing 25 years I'm ready to kill him
who is?
who is?
I'm ready to kill him
say it again one more time
this phone sucks
okay
okay he said
25 years something like that
like I said we're taking Alexander Graham Bell off the list
whoever invented the cell phone which I don't know who that is
get him get him off the list
yeah the phone was invented at the end of the 19th century
that's not a 20th century person
right?
absolutely correct
look at this, look at this bunch
Elvis, Yitzhakra Bean
and Hitler and the Pope
look at the Pope
I wish you could see this picture of the Pope
a senile old man with a beanie and a dress
how about I'll guarantee you one thing
he's the only drag queen on the list
that's for god damn sure
here's my any hello
definitely a meal
yes sir
how about for just a few people that have been influenced
as well Walt Disney
Walt Disney should be on the list you're right
and I'll tell you that
true what about and also the
the astronauts who are so I'm strong
and all those guys
and that boring John Glenn
exactly
right
okay and have a great day
and keep doing the right stuff
when you live in Miami you gotta keep doing the right stuff
that's what John Glenn said
that boring phony piece of crap
5 6 7 0 5 how about Lawrence Stivak
who
first the moderator of meat to eat the press
tell us some juice
yeah how about who invented television
for crying out loud
how could you leave that out
Philo T Farmsworth
yeah Philo T Farmsworth how about him
that's because nobody knows who that is
I say uh... Jesus Christ
how how could Philo T Farmsworth not be on the list
if time would do a better job of educating us about who invented a lot of these things
like the cell phone for example
which I'm not putting that in the same cany read with television
but uh... certainly gotta be in the top 20
how could anything for good or evil as
Howard Beale would say
how could anything be more influential
in the 20th century especially in latter half of it
then frickin television you idiots
I mean the Pope
what kind of TV programs that he put on
except those stupid boring masses every week
that get pretty repetitive by the way
worst in all I love Lucy reruns
I like the one where she and the
FLR eatin candy or off the assembly line
four minutes before noon at 5.60 WQAM
my daddy
he's a part of him
I look at all that stupid people
little flinchin
slip with the tricks and the sly
is the rate this can be
definitely
life to the country
life to the congressman
that he's white and he's
no that he did
all of us do with people
why do they trust that
on me
all of us don't
be gold
the truth is almost gone
and then we're all
president flinchin
he's at the helm because
fools close their eyes to his thrines
there's a good guy
I've looked at the Indian
so we have proved
that the kids can be played
in 50
up in the deep
all the stupid people
I've seen a lot of
people that trust that
on me
all the gold
and truth is almost gone
you have a
one of the things
that's common thread throughout the list
I'd say the overwhelming majority of the names
that I'm looking at these pictures here
these are old people
old other than Elvis
and that's basically
it when you look at the pictures
look at the it's Hock Rabin
he was old Hitler
he was an old crazy man
Einstein real old
the Pope older than sawdust
Billy Graham old
Martin Luther King didn't
wasn't around long enough to deal
Mohandah's Gandhi old
and the feeble and the
losing weight fast
Ronald Reagan old
and don't remember what was all about
Henry Ford old
Henry Ford was
and see the reason you brought him up is because he was an anti-Semite
that's why you thought he ought to know that
oh and speaking of that by the way
George had his appearance Saturday morning
which I forgot to tell you about
and there were some people turn out
it wasn't a total loss and a couple of them said
oh yeah
a couple of Barbison Jews came
to us and they were
wearing their finger and his face
and you said to mad things about Israel
like that they went
yeah and you should have told him
Cox Le Hois okay get out of here
go eat some blinces okay
go eat some of that dreck at that place
you know what I'm talking about
old people on the
mother Teresa old and wrinkled up
Winston Churchill was born with cigar in his mouth
Nelson Mandela he's pretty god damn old
the Pope Paul the Sixth
I get confused Pope Paul the Sixth
he was the skinny one right
the kind of taller skinny one
which is the one that got off
after 33 days and he had a bad cup of tea
you know that was not five or three
come on my Catholic friends in there
I've been Catholic for a long time
the one that had the cup of tea
and he didn't wake up he went
all of a sudden because he was too liberal
and he was going to do this and then they said
oh you're not
which was the one that stole money from stupid people
all of you both
how about Pope Pius
he never met a Nazi didn't like
Pope Pius XII
no Pope Paul the Sixth
wasn't he I don't know
Sodom Hussein old crazy person
and Thomas Edison old
but not a bad guy
say say goodbye
say goodbye
do you ever see those films that Thomas Edison
death I mean absolutely death
well you know when you listen all that loud rock
and roll music on your uh... a photograph
on your victorla
yeah even the rc a dog had better hearing than him
tipper say goodbye
goodbye and he would turn around
goodbye goodbye yeah
totally death he had that little horn
he used to stick in his ear
and if he if he didn't say goodbye his wife would say
and he did
good old time Edison baby
there was a genius there was somebody we should all
number one i'm convinced right now
we would be sitting here talking to these people right now
if it weren't for good old time Edison
you would have your air conditioning going right now
and what about Benjamin Franklin even
it's the wrong century let's give him an ass-tourist
here's uh... hollywood hello
and if we can put Jesus in the 20th century
why not Ben Franklin is on the coin
yes sir
it was a Pope John Paul the First that was off
was it yeah
which one was Pope John Paul the Sixth
was that the uh... no it was Pope John Paul the First
that was a Pope Paul the Sixth
I don't know he was his predecessor he was the tall skater
had predator yeah
uh... how about the inventor of the breast implant
yeah what about the...
Britney and Britney agrees
Britney agrees yes all right that's all I have
that's all material I have
and God bless you sir Britney says
alright five six seven oh five sixty
in fact man is he's going to be talking about Britney's
on the sports talk whatever we call it sports talk
oh excuse me talk about reverting back to our older origins uh
we're always sports talk on this station allegedly
that don't even make it as claimed
or for us between ten and two
because uh... we're small potatoes
and we're not part of Greg's big fat ego
it's over and played in ego but all his sports teams
that were losing our ads on and nobody cares about
it's only the 14th of June boy only a couple of months
before that first off an exhibition game
and all around here they're going oh thank God
thank God maybe we can maybe we can hang on
until then
here's uh... hi Leah hello
hey Neil yes sir what about Mark Coney
wasn't that the century not a Coney yet
no no Mark Coney was yeah this century
that was important wasn't it yeah you're right
okay for us it is and listen you asked about most important Cuban
how about most influential gay Cuban Ricky Ricardo
okay
how about Ricky Martin is everybody said
oh he's Puerto Rican I'm sorry five six seven oh five sixty
Ricky Martin he cries a lot in case you missed the beginning of the show
turn to page two in your paper this morning
in the essential
he cries a lot he used to cry a lot
he cries all the way to the bank he's crying over here
he says it's a very healthy habit
men do cry especially men like you Ricky they cry a lot
they whip her they cry a lot
and they make little whipped rings sounds
probably the pain in that
that might have something to do with it
here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello
yeah Neil God
yes sir uh... I have one for you that you probably would like very much
Arthur C. Clark
develop the communication satellite
yeah
and without him you wouldn't have your little dish to watch your hockey
oh okay he's number one
oh there you go and one for George to change music
about Les Paul has worked with the electric guitar
yeah but who knows Les Paul and Mary Ford
on Capitol Records in Via Condio
who knows that
I don't know
he was no Elvis Presley
no thank you but there wouldn't be any rock and roll without electric guitar
that's right
alright I'm not a material and God bless you
yes sir we're going to do a music thing how about Bill Haley
even though he didn't have that awful spit curl
or whatever you call that what do you call that
what was that thing
he had that little spit curl
huh
he had a spit curl when you walk through the airport
he'd always get himself a
spit shine
Bill Haley
I mean he was the guy that is giving all the credit
for being like the first rock and roll guy
so why the hell would you put Elvis
he didn't change anything all he changed was the Ed Solomon show that's all
that they wouldn't show him from the waist down
and of course when you see Ricky Martin you think what a waste
God maybe we can get Wayne to take control of his career okay
because he's in the waste management
somebody needs to control that
it is out of control that whole Ricky Martin thing
is there anybody else out there who despises this whole phenomenon
as much as I do
not that I wish him any ill really
actually I used to say you know he was okay
as long as I didn't have to see him too much he was alright
but now it's just annoying it's just like
like he's a singer is he a singer
no is there anybody with a brain that thinks he's a singer
no Jesus Christ
9 minutes past noon at 560 WDQL
I'm gonna come to the banging in the butt honey
okay
okay
have yourself a downhill christian fun
blow your friends away
we'll back you all the way
if any you're right you want to go
when you think of all the benefits you're getting
life will be sweeter
when you catch your heater
you carry a light and to be deadly
come on and join today
just see your American way
to be a member of the NRA
in for the mission
in for the chest and always in for the head
in case they're wearing a belt
sharpen your skin
and feel more comfortable
be there just to spend your life
you all the best
come on and join today
and you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRA
okay
okay the good one latest
Bush Gorepoor on CNN 56-40
for Bush this country is obsessed with
butch you know too much bush is a little bush is okay
but too much bush is a bad thing
here's the North Miami hello
a meal yes sir well as far as an impact on
popular music in the 20th century
I have to go with the Beatles
they know and they yeah
this poll isn't about the impact of popular music
in the 20th century this poll is about the
person of the century the most
the person might the greatest impact on the 20th
century
I would have to go with Alan Burke
okay great like I said how come I knew that this guy was an
a 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
okay just another ass order so many assholes in the
naked city and believe me we don't miss too many on his show
here's Miami hello
it was out of new yes sir
back a little earlier kind of storm my thunder with the
alcohol on but um you mentioned
maybe we should replace it fuck it fuck with uh
my own ask me because I mean at least my own
ask a lot of going over who he is
yeah a lot of glam here yeah it's all i mean
with that exactly that's my point who down those who
yet I mean it would be like if I gave you the real names
of the a mars brothers listen to me let me ask you
is the beaten one on there no uh you know that uh if you
would have that best my report the month it would have been
forming at the mouth exactly that um listen
Madonna they should replace her with uh John
Gotti okay five six seven oh five
60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line we
already told you sir yet it right okay we told you
don't call you know that who needs to be on the god damn list
here's a north Miami Beach hello
north Miami Beach
hello yes sir hi Neil uh my got one for you
is probably not on the list um i thought the inventor of the internet and the
app sign bbn the internet and the what and the at well at the
app sign the app sign for for the internet like at
a well dot com the internet at sign on the
internet is the most important person of the
20th century i would say more than ever the inventor of the
ampersand about the inventor of the internet
yeah no five six seven oh five
60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line see and the best part of it is when we
don't even know who the names of these people are although that
phyllo far in the world see that's criminal that
goes to show what we learn in this country we
learn nothing we learn nothing we learn about crap we learn about pop culture
we learn about the meaningless fluff fluffy people that's what we learn about and
we all walk around going
going
like that he was also ripped off by the way
who phyllo yeah like rko i think still all his
patents that's why nobody ever do not
do not they were the first uh... television over cut
thank you might
maybe it was them maybe it was them may get a clue whatever whoever it was probably
much of glim five six seven and the guy that said Walt Disney you're right
certainly if there's anybody in the entertainment area that's been the most
influential for like uh... a bit over half of the century it's freaking Walt
Disney with the electric model whether you want to those baptists it's all pissed off
and fired up because there was always a phagot's up there and because you're still
pissed off about that pretty slowly even if you're a baptist
whether you like this near not he certainly was influential they had a little
mustache to by the way
so there's two people on list of the little mustache so let's put grouchy on
here okay let's get that over the little mustache on there
who else do we know with little mustache that could have been non-blast
yeah how about the twenty most influential people with a little mustache they might
narrow it down a little bit
oh now you're going to get all those crazy juice upset again
oh you can't put Hitler on there well he's on there Charlie Chaplin
Charlie Chaplin there you go he never met a he didn't like
here's Hollywood hello how about the guy named in marijuana
hey how about the guy that started yama
importing the good weed how about the guy that brought in the first Colombian
gold what do you say five six seven oh five
here's a call from Omaha hello
yes sir I have a name for the list Bob Gucci O'Neill
yeah I mean he brought lesbians into the mainstream and yeah okay well call Howard
with that tomorrow I haven't put him on his lesbian list five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty we're not into bull likes on issue except that one
nice lady that's looking for something where was she bitching about she went to
somewhere there's all the all about all the ugly lesbians down here
I mean I don't want to sound insensitive but is there any I guess there's
some nice looking lesbians huh just not in Florida
in that on Howard show beef five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line as we continue our search
this is the most important goddamn thing can't we do better than Elvis can't
we do better than Yitzchak Rabin which is not only that the goyum know who
that is but half of the Jews don't know who that was either
Yitzchak Rabin I mean when I think of Israel okay when I think of the 51
years of Israel since 1948 it's Yitzchak Rabin even the first name that comes
to my mind of course not yet motion Diane with the iPad okay then you had
what was his name the big what was it the very art of the even huh
I'm sorry if that's just something funny I know it is well he had a rock
group named after him five six seven oh five fifty
golden mayor manacham beggin oh little pre lunch your festivity there I
think I got the client yeah I think I got some escargot just like Sabrina
head oh by the way how did she like that she didn't have it I told her you
know to blow it off she's we have to be happy but it's not is that what you told
her I thought the look we have a table full of appetizers eat these
and yeah that's right they brought us here thank goodness for that because she
thought it sounded good but it's not okay here's a little Havana hello
hey new yes sir yes sir how you doing sir okay okay let me add one to the list I think
Moshe as far as the Jews Moshe Diane yeah yeah he's the bomb five six seven oh five
sixteen other one of your people okay a little Havana another one of your people
who's full you know can't go seven words without saying crap five six seven oh five
six the pound five sixty on the mobile one I we need to have a place like a
North Dakota where we take all the people like him and deep program them and make
them into like real human beings you know just get that sound out of their voice
and that whole thing out of their mind if they still have one left a deep
programming place for like a desperate old Cubans oh it's big and old Cuban
trolls I'm gonna be doing a show on it tomorrow I'm not but I'm just a fight that if
there is anything more persistent more offensive more anxious than the old
Cuban trolls I just don't I don't know what to say you know what I'm saying my
corner it's my right corner it's my right corner it's grand this okay grandissimo oh
god go away please here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah sir I got one thing for
the ladies about Monica Lewinsky have the Queen yeah how's that about Martha
Gina Queen okay Monica Lewinsky there you go I'll tell you one thing if
nothing else she and Bubba brought the entire I've said this over and over again I think
it's accurate they brought the term blow job into like you know acceptance into
popular acceptance and everybody saying oh from that here's Tamara hello how
about Kathy Willis since you had a small mustache uh-huh five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's Miami hello she had the
worst complexion by the way that modeled what do you call it yes sir what do you
think about Ellen the generous what do I think of her I was one of the top 50
influential people I'd say she's one of the top 50,000 bull likes is what she
is if we're having like a specialized list one of the top 10 million bull
bikes of all time right next to a martina Navarro and right underneath Billy
Jean King Ellen the generous I mean talk about another hype job talk about
much you do about nothing you know that that would be like Charles Nelson Riley
comes on the ear to mark and he's a gay character in a sitcom you know and
everybody said oh my god really what a revelation like Jim J Bullock you know
comes out of the closet oh wow you've got to be kidding me you know just like
this Ricky Martin thing okay I mean come on ladies wake up and sniff the
uh-ly locks that's what he wears out here essence of a lilac you know it smells
like smells like Rochester here's a mobile and Hollywood hello hello yes
sir how about Helen Keller Helen Keller I like it in fact it inspires me to play
yeah that's great there you go okay thank you thank you that was a request five
six seven oh five sixty you noticed the woman got no opinions on this you
women out there you know something uh they're right you're busy watching Jerry
Springer and all the other vacuous crap and you're all sitting there going she
won your heart in the miracle worker this yeah that's a little bit how come this
thing is acting up today it's not doing my yeah if Helen Keller we're ready okay
not doing my bidding the way I'm saying it's supposed to be doing it's acting like
real independent like Joe Castello here's a mobile and Hollywood hello how's it
going Neil great I got two names for your list yeah the first one the great
Dr. Timothy Leary and the second one Hunter S. Thompson the great journalist
himself no okay great five six seven five six seven oh five sixty and
five sixty on a mobile one line anybody no no close no here's Vokka hello
Vokka yeah I like that guy that we we can thank for all these Julios and
South Florida Castello yeah I have a word for him we'd have nothing but
English-speaking people here yeah yeah okay and we wouldn't have the
whole task to stay with all these people when they come on over here they
wouldn't get your tax money okay got it if you see K say hi five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line how about the some cracker that would
be good let's get a cracker one less how about Jesse Jackson huh he brought
back the soldiers and now he's gonna go over there and try to bring that was
13 Jews back how do you like that don't bring him to sunrise that's all we
ask we got enough old Jews and sunrise already okay Jesse here's a mobile
informed Myers hello very good day to you you mentioned a small moustache as you
mentioned Hitler you're gonna have to mention Clement at least the man no one
not we don't have these people don't have any idea who that is I know what it is
yeah that's true Neil and how about level chamberland he had a small mustache
absolutely he had he had a piece in our time he definitely did and I most
really had more pieces than anybody else but one more than Mr Walter Cronkite
yeah oh well the Cronkite he would yeah as you know he just he was just the
voice for a brand new film out about Edison yeah of course another man that
was just into our century can you believe Elvis personally is honest let's
can you believe what a bunch of vacuum brains we have in the US sir yeah but you
have to understand something Neil that your type of humor is so above everybody
that even when you insult them they don't get it yeah but but this this list
isn't based on my audience this is from the entire our universe out here on
the internet from the worldwide net and this is the best this is the best we
can do is Elvis Presley and Madonna and John Lennon and Princess Diana the it just
shows you but when a guy comes up with a few moments ago and saying well what
about the internet the guy that did the the act so I'm a second wait a minute the
act sign has been if you I want to call it an act so I'm sorry to do it it's been
on the tight right if a god knows how long can many people remember what a
tightwriter is no no they don't remember what a rock and a a hard
place and they that's where the guy is he's between the rock and an
that's fine and back to you to real and thank god nobody put that stuff you
old queen on the list for that or that Prince Edward by the way anybody
believe that marriage he's getting on now no bag it 26 past 12 what why do they
have to do that well i've made me somebody can explain to me why this goes on
in here he doesn't have a hair on his head he's an old the funny that he everybody
knows that he floats like a butterfly and uh... and it's not the queen it's
what's his name of prince Philip he's the you know because he screwed everything
it's got a screwed on uh... all over the world he's the one that insisted either
you take a wife now we're gonna like uh... you know
get your bad hair piece like bob Eisenberg
well what is that have to what is this go on why do we have all these birds why
is there so many like uh... you know especially puts in the in u.s.
this is the meal Roger show
any question thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the
why to pay problem
i would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be
here two thousand compliant
this program is known as millennia year application software system
or my ass
next monday there will be a meeting in which i will show my ass everyone
we will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will
have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass
we have not addressed networking aspects yet so currently only one person at a
time can use my ass this restriction will be removed after my ass expands
last week my secretary said to me i'm a little nervous i never put anything in
my ass before i helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted
that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing
it again and was even ready to kiss my ass
as you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass
as my ass grows larger we envision a time when it will be commonplace for
supervisor to hand work to an employee and say here
stick this in my ass it will be a great day when we need data quickly
and our employees can respond here it is i just pulled it out of my ass
thank you so much we've heard it's uh... twelve thirty one five sixty
w the qm hang from shoulder stake to a two o'clock
jim and it's just a clock that i tell nine thirty the pan the i say panther
that would be better
the marlin pregame nine thirty night the marlins at the Arizona to play
on those red hot that whatever the name is what's the result of forgot the
eros on diamond bags how could i forget
excuse me which uh... i have a big year by the way the diamond back to anybody
here can no
all this is beautiful thanks for a close friend bread over at the tonys and
got that great stuff great peaches and sums in the insolent and all that
great stuff
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line no outrage about
Elvis by the way
in fact we probably most of the people in the audience uh... probably would
agree with that
they probably this is the court this is the uh... yeah
this is the uh... grace land cried i'm telling you we did that thing that one
day i almost staggered out of the building that day that would just in such
disbelief i mean other a lot of people out there who uh...
had to worry about jesus christ
grace land what kind of a real man goes to grace land
what kind of a man with any kind of cahons at all would go to grace land you
know what's that
all your well my wife drag me along sounds like a real push to me
here's a uh...
what is it where i'm what am i doing where am i going in what is life all about
here's a mobile in pop it'll be chill out
you know yes sir
first up that i have actually was a little bit of it yeah
that's as much as a lot
that's a lot of the white cable you just ran it actually quite a prop of the
fact that i'm in the computer industry is rather entertaining
and third off for the list
you've got to have to wonder if you have martini in jones talk
yet i thought how could i was madonna is on the list in that jones talk
who came up with a cure polio vaccine
well just began with the jones talk with a ramadonna be in a wheelchair so
that there you go
and i mean it should be seen like a prayer for the the real thing
but you know i definitely mark on you because without mark on you people
would know about it learn stuff like that was way too late absolutely
correct
thank god bless you and whoever in fact invented penicillin by the way because
without whoever invented pellos penicillin forget about the wheelchair you
can imagine what would be happening to one of the downer right now
imagine all the diseases that would have killed her ass
five six seven oh five six i'm so who invented penicillin do we know
how about louis past or that was the a previous century wasn't the nineteen
century
uh...
well definitely one
you think
well there's a lot of stuff that was like borderline like Alexander Graham
Bell i think was like an eighteen ninety eight or something like right
toward the end of the nineteen century what about darlin darlin darlin
yeah also on the board
don't start with your car they think all i think is crap now okay
Charles darlin my ass next you're going to be start with that scopes monkey
trial you know talking about
don't be trying to pass off on a public all that baloney okay
by the way speaking of the uh... scopes monkey trowers were with our uh... thing
the disease plan i'm just keeping that is that it
hard gigantic black penis
i mean i know that a lot of jocks like roi would like to have a gigantic
uh... black penis but i think in his case one would be enough
here's del Rey hello
hey nail yes sir
you know john lennon said that the beetles were bigger than jesus christ
that is correct i think he's right yeah
i think he's right now they were any event
by the way i believe it was plumbing you'll part expression who discovered
penis well how do you like that we don't even know his first name how do you
like that that the kind of education we get in america we don't know
phyllo t farons worth that we don't know god damn flammings first name all he
did was invent pennacillic so we're not all rotting and puking and dying from
just these microbes that got invented
by the way can you have the the address of the phone number of the website
or something
of that freedom from religion group that you talked about last week uh... hang
on a second
that i'll give it to
okay thank you have a good day hold on that's on a give that fine gentleman
sentiment right direction okay
send him in the absolute right direction and get him off all this religious
bull crap let me say it again if you tune in late let me recommend you do a
brilliant letter to the editor in this morning's uh... this is the sun
and i see i wish i wish they'd stop having tight that so similar
but this is the sun sent
grand cardian poppano beach the golden rule covers that i read it on the
before we did short i'm not going to read it again right on target grand
nice going to be the art all these religious maniacs oh yeah just a little
prairie that's what the unwarrixed and how she had to come up with a stupid
psychic hotline just like show grip and make a few bucks
how much money do you think she's making from that thing that's what she
i don't know if you ever watch much music from toronto on a satellite which is
much better music than mtv we'll get it here yeah
yet to fifty nine
but if you ever watch that she is on there with a psychic hotline crap
i mean nonstop eight million hours a day she's got to be raked in the big
a fat box if you part my expression i didn't say she was big and fat all she is
she's a sweetheart we love show grip and in fact she's one of the very few nice
people on power ninety six most of our bunch of snooty assholes we discussed
that it dinner by the way all five hundred of us on thirty nine and we took a
poll we agree to was unanimous most of the people of power ninety six are
a bunch of snooty assholes who think their
phone stink okay
and we don't give a crap okay
because we're talking to people over the age of ten
not that not that our audience is any great iq because
nevertheless everything is relative
here's a mobile informiers hello
yes sir
i listen last week and before you come on most of the lunch on the last week
you were talking about steakhouse i mentioned you about the came to the steakhouse
you're at the corner of their
the corn sure is special
might be special
uh... i'm on is one of the worst things you can put in your body by the way
is that true very bad for a corn and potatoes
according to dr acting for the no according to uh... people that know
anyway my most influential in this particular order
already wore in requever and joey car okay
joey car excellent
uh...
dining and dancing anybody remember joey car no come on
and his brother steve leave you always wondered how come is uh... you know
because obviously joey changes name
how come you change your name joey
always be suspicious to which guys who changed their name to phone names like
you know nea rogers
that's right
joey car might as how could his name be car his brother's name was like
steve coen
might need change it to something that would have been so obvious like you
to leverage
but this is good thank you to me but i think to me is kind of replacing somebody
you know i'm saying
he's feeling the breach
i want any third and forty one
and a hundred ninety three four forty one right on the street good old
to me is a great stuff
some of the best pizza anywhere in town
i think they're starting to move right on in bread down there to me that
he's wise enough and like go you know i don't want to make you know the name
but when you're busy getting late twenty four hours a day jeff
that's what happens
when you're not minding the store you're not looking all of a sudden other
people kind of move in and they feel that breach
and your s o l you're just standing there holding it all by yourself
twenty one before one five sixty w two and a quarter spot not good it's great
she won your heart in the miracle worker despite her handicaps
she left behind a lifetime of achievements
and now with a discovery of rare audio dates
found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey
deaf jam records makes available to you
Helen Keller sings the blue
a series of recordings from the nineteen fifty's by Helen Keller herself
whaling out of pound of sound
to order your
have your credit card and call one eight hundred
order now get a bonus
but i'm early not even johnny way
by the way how about the guy who invented the uh... hearing uh... in plan
whatever they call that
the reason i bring that up is for the uh... people of guiding light people
so that now maybe abby abby don't have to jump on the name of that at the confine
they hear
on guiding light
you know i get no no calls about guiding light anymore shame on you okay
here's one of our lawyer friends which i want to lead the lawyer again
because you get upset like it's a sexist thing
she says all the men and women who gave their lives
in all the words of the century oops i met madonna elvis and john paul a
second
nice going lady lawyer friend
i mean this this this pool is such a tremendous tip off on the mentality the
american freaking people that it's terrifying
the elvis factor that's why america is going into crapper okay
the elvis factor seriously
you're right elvis did change america he turned into a bunch of separate
idiots
who are all slept in the grace land that even at great intellectuals you
paul siaman had a right to song called grace land
and he only did that after he started doing that african music
what's that all about
what's the name of that album
grace land
was that the name of the album the helida african music on
uh...
god
i was saying at dinner saturday there are two places in the world that are last
two places that i want to visit okay
one is any place in africa and number two is israel okay those at last two
oi
because if i want to see lots and lots of hearts is all the one place i'll go
back to the trite and number two if i want to see a lot of old Jews i'll go to
sunrise
so she'll want to see the wall no i don't want to see the wall i don't want to see
the orthodox youth wailing huck in the china quailin back and forth and act
in like a bunch of stone age barbarians because it's embarrassing to me
god
just pathetic all these hysterical people with a piece of desert like i said
give me a piece of desert called Las Vegas then i'll get excited
give me a piece of desert called israel say
here's westchester hello i wonder how chorus amans doing it for my own
here's westchester hello by the way flamings first name was out exander
was it really yes sir okay and i was uh ram bell out exander hamilton
right is under flamming uh-huh and i was under his restaurant there's a fellow that was so
influential out there that in powerful that his name is purposefully left off the
list um he's the guy that guided us through world war two he ran the world bank um he
he uh brought germany back to um
respectability after the war uh he was uh chairman of the cfr uh chairman of the
chasemite hadn't banged yeah war in commission all that stuff
i think is john jabicoid really yes sir okay i guess we'll have to take your word for it
well you know fast some colors uh back me up okay
goodbye thank you don't say back me up not in this town okay not not a good thing to say back me up
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one i never finished my piece on
glory holes by the way i would say we got some people in this audience who would say the whoever
the inventor was of the glory hole might be out the way up on the list uh and you pour back
through down there that don't even know what that is you show me a guy that doesn't know a good
glory hole when he sees when i'll show you a guy that don't get around too much here's my
name hello hey me how you doing pretty good sir i'm in the middle lunch so you have to forgive me too
i'm thinking i'm eating stereo sir legitimate we're thinking martin lukeying or thinking
john f canady yeah illegitimate we're thinking ben and jerry mm-hmm that's mine okay that's my
big who a ben and jerry and whoever the guy was whoever the flavor uh guy was who invented the
fish food i got his name you know the guy who invented who came up with a food group something
capone al-capone invented fish food like that huh and they tried to smear them just because he was
Italian again remember they came in here that one time you just said you go for you for geniuses
not in here downstairs and they said George is looking okay he'll find it five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one i was close Arnold carbon car carbon good a
tiny boy okay it was a joint project but he was the most influential kind of a tiny name is Arnold by
the way never meeting the tiny guy named Arnold no never heard of such a thing that's something else
huh originally what do you mean like Luigi are now like like Luigi carbon there you go good
Italian boy Italian invented the telephone television oh Mark Coney invented radio huh the Italian
invented everything pasta now okay now that's a good one for you now i'm just get it at now you don't
know that okay Mark O'Polo see nobody really knows for sure which direction he was swinging it in
you know what i'm saying and the pasta too no seriously nobody really knows if the Chinese invented
pasta first or if it went from Italy to China because you know those Romans they were swinging
their stuff around all over the world they were swinging it and their stuff too here is a hollywood
hello me yes sir how would you rank would you are will I would rank a boy up there yeah because he was
much too intellectual he would be like one step above Adelaide Stevenson to Stevenson never got
elected president but Woodrow Wilson was a real genius you know an intellectual and the course
of Americans don't like intellectuals and i think what he's a professor professor yeah
uh Princeton right came up with legionation right um died of a broken heart and his lines
just run into country for a while after he had a stroke right he looked like Edison he was going
ah like that you know and like and also too yeah i don't know their names but the scientists
that the western electric labs that came up with the transistor yeah and for the women i would
think Amelia Earhart is she on there somewhere he's not even on the list if we don't have any
women calling volunteering women's names nothing women has to volunteer but you would think if
anybody would do it they would do it and they're not doing it because Madonna didn't influence anything
Elvis didn't influence anything princess died she she's nobody princess Diana i mean my god she was
like uh she married into a bunch of uh bull crap that's all there a bunch of hype a night she died
i got bored with it after an hour and started flipping on something else on TV you mean you
could find something else discovery channel learning channel yeah there you go it's uh the building
the bridge on ten reflagulars more influential than i would say the bridge tenders more influential
oh yeah for someone just the United States only i would say ray clock uh-huh because of McDonald's and
and uh how about how about Charlie Finley what did he do besides the opal and a's that's what i'm
saying he reinvented the uniforms in the hole he reinvented baseball and and then he then he
reinvented getting rid of all the salaries and creating a crappy keemy was did the long before
waited it or a curved flood started the free agent right right and who came up to the the interstate
highway system was an eyes and how is plan or a group of senators i think johnny bauer
and have a great day john i left him cold with that one i'd say johnny bauer for most influential man
of the century how about punch him like there you go now we're talking hey let's talk some good
Canadian people most influential god damn it how about Tim Horton he got those donuts he's got
bagels you know they got bagels if Tim Horton's now let's talk some serious stuff let's talk about
bill and foster hewitt now you're talking here's a Jupiter hello he'll god yes
cream listen i with the same mentality of those folks uh-voting on alvus and them uh-huh i'm
surprised they didn't include barks and some and flipper and my mother the car yeah now if you're
gonna put a flipper in there we'll definitely say Luke helping yeah how about how about oj i'm
her dad name i'm i'm mentioning you know the the real problem is uh these people could be on a
jury when you are on life's decision though isn't it they're on the jury in a row going
and your life is on the line how do you like that yeah they're even old enough to vote that's
real scary they're trying to just like that bunch it was on oj you know jury singing that old black
magic in the background jury number five right get get rid of her ass yeah how about a shameless
request uh for a douchebag hey wrong your douchebag okay thank you see it hey Ron you're
ready said said you suck five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the mobile
moment which of course ain't always bad here is delray beach hello how you doing y'all make it
quick because i know you got your brain coming up yes yeah you might not fly because uh-
i'll vote for albus and i'm going to graysland or get sixteen oh no why why oh i i've been there
before it's a lot of fun doing what what do you do there did i like open the casket and let you
uh-foddler's body i mean well you look at everything there you get to go in his jet you go in
graysland you go on the tours you go on the get to go to the different cars of what what do you see
on the tours what do you see what do you see yeah i can't give me uh yeah not the whole thing just
give me a her for instance they have this one part where they have his sixteen uh order of
bills you can go out looking and everything else they have another score where they go into his
then they go to the graves side they go to his award the best place is the awards room that's
phenomenal that's unbelievable and you're serious about you that's just saying this to aggravate
me i don't know they have all the gold records i mean it's phenomenal that he sold over a billion
records and nobody's even close to that it's unbelievable yeah really that's why i almost gag when
i heard Katie Kirk say the other day when she said Ricky Martin on she was comparing him with
albus i was like go shoot i mean everybody is an acquired taste but please he has to sell another
billion records i think yeah i think you compare a rookie martin war like little Richard i
have a great day soon i'm up and please don't do it please reconsider okay he won't he will he
reconsider no no he's going he's going to grace land oh god
uh i'm serious he sounds like a reasonable guy he sounds like thoroughly intelligent articulate
he's just got a little brain fart up there okay that he can't overcome
like i have my sugar addiction this guy's got an uh grace line addiction it's not even an
elvis addiction he's going to pay money to go there and see elvis's cars again he already
saw them before he's going to pay money to go see them again elvis press the most
influential person of the 20th century the most important person in our lives
now i understand why people are asking these questions like how did we get here and what's
it all about now i understand because your life must be a vacuum if elvis is the most important
figure of this century in your life and how would elvis make it all those records by the way for
word for tomas Edison huh how about those pornographs that tomas Edison invented that's right he invented
the pornograph and who now don't like pornography alcohols thing like i said president free ask for
everybody that's what we read that's going to be our platform okay free ask free weed that's
Jesse DeBody that's our that's our deal okay get a unanimous vote even the right wingers will say
all right we'll just deny it but we'll do it anyway you know i'm talking about oh it's so simple
it's so basically simple just that you everybody alone and get laid a lot and smoke some weed
that's all i don't smoke it myself but nevertheless i know plenty of people who do like everybody
in this building and everybody i know it i'm stood on yeah i mean see i like being individualist
that's why i want to go over there i'm the one guy who don't smoke and i'm stood on yeah basically
like the odd man out
a lot of the two hours
how those movie gets started started by the dentist people who follow the
side of the rest of the house
and
very hard to resist
well i insist
keep them from and around check the pressurize day with an accurate
page and a plate to 100 pounds
with you the middle is being boobies she run in the air every day if you already got big boobies
don't be like time on the day why not go right big boobies show them up today and if your boobies are
traffic you have a right away
okay it's 101 at 560 wqm we're doing that we're solving the problems of the world here today
we're showing you exactly the american mentality at its finest eee
almost that we just had a guy i commend that guy for having a ball see the rest of your bunch of
pussies okay this guy's got the balls because he's a decent guy i talked to that guy before
but he's just got the bizarre taste that's all maybe i'm the one that's all screwed up maybe
Elvis was important huh no yeah maybe i'm full of crap on his no
yeah you think Elvis was uh sleeping with his mother till he was like 25
i mean yeah he looked good okay for a while there he looked pretty damn good nobody can deny that
he looked good like especially from the neck up you ever see him with a shirt off by the way
you ever see him those Elvis he uh he looked like he slept with his mother till he was like 35 now
he was like uh underdeveloped you know what i'm saying like and then of course he made up for it
kind of like uh bookshambie he made up like uh like uh like a bifold he made up for it later life
he just beefed up to like a cow you know those are sad pictures when you see him with that with
those outfits used to where you know with the uh what were they called those you know what i'm
talking about the outfit used to wear in a vagus show with the uh with a uh stuff the sequins
the sequins and stuff yeah but the thrills the whatever tassels the tassels and it was like oh my god
like trying to like trying to fit an elephant into a uh small uh like uh speedo you know like put
the french canadian out there god but you know we got to remember him when he looked great like
why when the stand came out do we want the young Elvis the old bloated fat Elvis uh these are the
kinds of things that america worries about and argues about feverishly and that's why ricky martin
is so big here now here's a mobile in naples hello wow man Elvis how you going pretty good i got
your cheeseburger sitting right here Elvis and double cheese pizzas thank you thank you of
um yeah i'm all first of all um she needs a little prayer out there now Stevenson was that's our
poll question who sang it better your reethrer or deon go ahead um your your reethrer would much better
i like your reethrer hey franklin hey um it's pretty good but um whoa was kuneigan piner
away to san Jose did i know exactly exactly how come she's asking directions to san Jose i
got a psychic powers later on in life i just recorded those marginal of bird backer xx
by the way that's our poll question kinesmos macho adam up uh what's his name often powers
are bird backer xx all right i'm coming at a little late here so i don't have your
by the way i understand how you're having a nervous breakdown here because believe me i'm
having a nervous breakdown i have a wonderful day no i'm having a little free lunch you should
the most important influential person up the 20th century she's um yes she's presumed
uh she's lost and she's presumed dead madeline oh here i'm i mentioned that okay well i came
in late yeah this lady 100 years from now um aigh brimham liken will pale and significance
to her okay yeah that's what i'm saying you really believe that what no no yes i know you
she that can't be true because you know the way they've doctor history in this country they
they she always has to be looked upon as a as a bad person you know she's the
you know i said a hundred years from now okay we're dead yeah okay this is not now
what is that going to do us it's like the Kennedy assassination we don't want to find out in
your 25 25 when digger whatever the only guys around we'd like to know now just out of curiosity
you know i understand but my after you're all dead devil let the word out what is an accurate you know
but my final plan would be the reason for okay they're blaming it on the video games for blaming
on hollywood blaming it on the gun you know what you know you're a very intelligent person you
you know the truth what is it all about why is it healthy see that's another deon what we're
uh okay i have a great day sir you keep your stuck out he keeps like a dog chasing its tail
you're a good guy they keep coming back to that deon what we're thinking again and if i have to
see that bitch what that sucking hotline one more time that freaking deon warwick who ain't paying
her bills to good by the way understand see i mean we're supposed to feel sorry for people like
that who make million there's so many of those people they make a fortune and then they blow it
all and then like oh well let's let's uh you know take up a collection because uh so it's a whoever
was they just didn't manage their money well well too freaking bad okay give me a chance to make 20 or
30 million see how well i'm at it all right i'll be gone in a heartbeat man i'll be out of here
so facts you'll say keep positive you i say how's he doing by the way i was thinking about him over
the weekend Stevie a bowler i good friend you know i was thinking about i was thinking about the day
i meet in reakey and obviously i will because this this place is so and it's interesting because
i discovered in reakey before we came here just like i discovered a wispagale and i discovered
wiki martin before any big you know before we had to supposedly think he was a real singer
all these people because i used to watch that tele hit on the mexican satellite before they went
digitally i couldn't see it anymore so i know in reakey i had his uh cd in a tag in there which is
great which you don't like because you're jealous because you don't like the Italian language
no i don't like him why not you can't say is it that more he sings just fine god damn it
that was wrong with you man see you i think you are in reakey martin i think you like him because
he's port reakey which is closer so i don't like him so i'm closer to Cuba than Spain
do you see that is that a one-way yes
step what see that's it's katalan it's where they speak they speak over there where they're
lit by you even if i'm telling you when i was in my career they all spoke with a list
they'd say i want to see it
so
man you can see then that's art and all what do you think it's not because this is jace number 1
in death march
what
to election
already getting some likes inMaybe
What's wrong with that? Your mom can like him.
He doesn't mean she's gonna like the right race over the Val Harbor and not on the door yet.
So we get her directly from where the house is, to where the voices are.
Now what got me into that? See, you got me off my thing there with Ed and Reekay stuff.
I was talking about something very important there. I had the Yuan Eropsoon right away,
you threw a ringer in a chigger in a wood pile.
We had something very important there, God damn it.
And you started with us and Reekay stuff and had big mole on his God damn cheek.
I think it's cancerous.
I don't know what it is, but it keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
It's melanoma.
It's gigantic, it's huge.
It's a tumor.
There's nothing wrong with like a little thing like pay-lead today, like I said this morning.
But he's got a gigantic growth on his face that even he admits is like three times the size of his penis.
Poor Enrique.
You guys could compare.
Oh, I got him beat.
He makes me feel like a real man.
Don't be knocking my-
Oh, I was starting to see and I know what it was.
I was talking about my good buddy who's one of your people by the way and one of my people also.
Steve Eba, Rocky Etch of Aria.
From K-Pasta, USA.
And that time I met him at the hockey game for the first time.
I'm sure this man embraced me and that's what I minded that because he still looked at Beth.
But like I was his best-long friend, I never met him before in my life.
See, that's the kind of guy I appreciate.
A good guy like a good red-blooded hot-blooded guy like him who's part Cuban half-Jewish.
See?
And Jewish from the waist down by the way.
So we don't have to mess around with that Pecorino cheese and let that get in the way.
Il Rodgers, odd.
Okay.
Okay.
One-fourteen at five-sixty WQM, just forty-five minutes away from the award-winning Henry Goldberg show from Shulis Day 2.
So anyway, I'm just getting the pitch now about how great Shulis is.
I think we're going to go there in a couple of weeks.
Huh?
Who's we?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot that comment you made about the Backstreet Boys before.
Huh?
No, we can all go again.
All right.
Yeah.
I'll buy.
I mean, I don't expect anybody who's slipper to buy it a place like that where the prices are so expensive that they have to put it on a football.
What?
No, you're not buying a Shulis.
You can buy like it, you know.
Right.
I'm serious.
I think it would be a real interesting experience that we can make a comparison.
And then of course, my friends and Ruth Crystal say, oh gee, what the Shulis?
I got to see, okay.
Hank's always raving about Shulis.
He does his show like two, three days a week from Shulis.
Let me give him a chance, okay?
Sounds great.
And I can't wait to see the interaction between Joe.
Between Joe and the...
That's right.
That's right.
I think the seating arrangements will be exactly the same.
And I think Joe and Stephanie need to sit a little bit closer together.
And maybe JP and I could sit a little bit closer together too.
You catch my drift.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Like, real, real close.
Okay, we got this all sculpted out.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
Hi, Uncle Neil.
This is Butchie.
How you doing?
Okay, Butch.
I'm wondering about the one and only that you forgot on the list.
That's Gloria Stafen since she shaved her mustache off.
She should definitely be on the list.
Yeah, good point.
You know, so let's get her congregone a little bit and remind everybody.
Okay, let's hear it for Gloria, huh?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
What about Bella Obzog?
How many of you said...
Oh, no.
Come on.
I mean, like I said, let's have a woman out there.
I mean, I'm not on the list, but not somebody too feminine.
Okay, Bella Obzog, that would be good.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Five, six, eight.
Um, 18 T wireless on.
I guess one thing we should be grateful for is that so far no one has seriously suggested that anybody
from the world of sports be on the list.
Okay, thank God for that.
It's bad enough we got these showbiz people like Elvis and Madonna and John Lennon and Ricky Martin.
Okay, but I mean, Jesus and Joseph, let's not get no jockstrap warriors on here except for Frank Mahavallich.
Now, what does that say?
I don't know.
He's the ice cream company driver for what?
Well, we'll find out.
Do we know what company works for?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, um, what about...well, first of all, Bella, absolutely.
I don't vote for anybody that wears a smaht on her head.
Uh-huh.
When you call it, anyway.
Well, he's in Duragandia, I guess.
That's right.
And, uh, and the crazy guy over there.
But anyway, where about Jay Edgar Hoover?
Yeah, Edgar Hoover. Yeah, we got to get at least one bag on the list.
Right, and I'll tell you why, not only because he was, you know, part women or something,
but he was a snappy dresser.
Yeah, he ruled an agency for almost 50 years.
Right.
Arguably the most powerful agency in the country.
And...
He had more naked pictures of the Kennedys than they got out and heard that about Op-Boss, yeah.
He kept us from doing anything about organized crime.
Right.
And then possibly...
And there's a lot of people believe that he was involved in the assassination of Martin Luther King.
Right.
And JFK too.
Possibly, yeah.
Two of the biggest assassinations of the century.
Right.
And he used to eat a Joestown crab a lot so that, you know, that says some word.
And he used to go down to a Gulf Stream in Halea.
Well, that makes him a fag.
No, what?
Huh?
What did that make him?
That makes him Jay Edgar Hoover.
This guy doesn't know that Jay Edgar Hoover was there, yeah.
Okay.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the 18-T wireless line.
In fact, his boyfriend of 30 years, Clyde Tolson.
The two of them when Clyde died aftergave, or Hoover died first, they were buried side by side, like real close.
So they could like kind of, you know, touch on the ground a little bit, you know?
They could just kind of reach across and touch someone.
Maybe their worms were like kind of touching each other on the ground, you think?
Uh-huh.
Here's what happened to the ice cream guy.
What was that all about?
What was the stir with the ice cream truck guy?
Psych.
Really?
He hung up?
Which I say good.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Hey, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I got one, but I don't know whether I got a couple.
How about Jackie Robinson?
Oh, here we go.
Well, sports.
No, he did, uh, no sports, sir, no.
Bugsie Segal.
Yeah.
Is he on the list?
56670560, Pat, uh, Moiseam Mugsy Solomon, and he's not on the list.
56670560, Pat 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in home sound, hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think somebody that needs to be on the list will be Dr. Paul Winchel.
Yeah.
You know, that is, right?
I do know that, but he and I list.
He invented the replacement heart valve.
Right.
Yeah.
I think that's very important to the century.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
56670560, Pat 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, we're looking for number one.
We're looking for the person of the century.
Who is the most influential person?
Who made the most crap happen?
Who had the greatest impact on the lives of the people who lived in the 20th century?
And anybody who doubts that Adolf Hitler is much as we despise him,
that he should be at or near the top of the list, is a living in denial, okay?
And they don't want to understand this thing.
All they are is professionally psychotic.
Anybody can be professionally pissed off.
That takes no talent to do that.
But to use a little bit more brain power and to try to understand the point that they're getting at,
just like the man of the year, that time does.
This is just an extension of the man of the year thing, an addition to which it isn't going to change anything anyway.
It's just a goddamn picture on a front of a goddamn magazine, okay?
Is it okay?
No.
No, I know it wouldn't be.
Because it's just another excuse for people to get fired up and pissed off,
which is one of the things Americans love to do is to get fired up and pissed off about silly crap.
Important stuff.
Wow, don't worry about that.
But silly, super-silly crap like this, they get really whipped up into a friend's view about it.
Make no mistake about that.
How about Howard Veele, huh?
Ow!
Yeah.
How about Patty Triesky?
There's a guy that was way ahead of his time.
Certainly not on top of the list, but in the top three, four hundred.
Patty Triesky, network, hospital.
How about Chris Vandervere?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I had to call after hearing the guy call from Winter Graceland.
I got to get a Graceland a couple of years ago for the anniversary of Elvis's death.
And I got to tell you, brother, the biggest bunch of backward ass freaks that I've ever seen in my life.
Exactly.
Trailer trash, when they're not in a set for the Jerry Springer show when I got some spare time, they zip on over to Graceland.
Unbelievable.
Neal, not only the freaks that are going there to dress up, but they bring their children in wheelchairs.
Yeah.
And parade them around the grave like he's some kind of Missiah.
Well, even the Gyms are supposed to be able to see Elvis.
That's it, sir.
Hey, and closing.
Yes, sir.
Sugar cookies, Ira Pinkers.
Yeah, how come Sandy Payton's not on the list?
Let's get Sandy on there.
Oh, most important bitch of the century.
That's what Anne probably would say if she could be here to say it.
Boy, don't you wish she could talk from the grave now, huh?
Oh, man.
5670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Not that we're into gossip or anything like that, but what is it?
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello.
How you doing?
Great.
Pretty lady, that might not be on the list.
I have a Rosa Parks.
Rosa Parks.
Anne Frank.
Anne Frank.
And Charles Nelson Riley.
And Charles Nelson Riley is the third lady.
Thank you.
There's a good list of women for you.
Anne Frank, there was a big piece yesterday which I've seen about 600 other times on MSNBC
as I was channel surfing.
And Anne Frank business again.
And of course, if you want to go see the House of Anne Frank or she was heading out, just go to Amsterdam.
That's where it was.
Where the Dutch people hid out a lot of Jews because the Dutch people generally speak at our pretty decent people.
See, there's a difference between the Deutsche und the Dutchman.
My mother hasn't figured that out yet, but there's a difference between the Deutsche und the Dutchman.
Okay, Ma, you got it?
You got it yet?
No.
56670560, 560.
Although I will say this Germany is a beautiful country.
I hate to say that, but it happens to be through Berlin, is a great city, and Cologne will knock your socks off.
Man.
Huh?
I mean, maybe you want to walk real fast, plus some of the stores are just on those landshades, but other than that.
What?
Walk fast past the bear building if you're a Jew.
Yes.
Oh, the bear building.
I forgot about that.
I didn't see it, but George was telling me about the 2020 Peace on Friday night, about the bear aspirin people, and about their incestuous relationship with Adolf Hitler.
So, right next time you people pop a couple of bear aspirin in your mouth, put your arm out into 45 to reangle and do a little sighyl.
Okay, for their fewer.
I prefer Aniston myself.
What does that tell you?
And like I told you on the train when you come into Cologne, there's the big bear factory right there.
I mean, I never, never dawned on the air, you just see it.
And now that we put two and two together, I'm not going back to Cologne until next time.
A few weeks.
Alice Rantel gets a vote, but I just don't want his voice on here.
Chronic.
Your chronic pal, you disturb me deeply.
What I'm trying to say is you're deeply disturbed.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T Rivals line.
Yeah, Alice Rantel, who had the balls to come out of the closet, not, whose close personal friends on the light bulb, dragged him out kicking and screaming, self-hating queen, self-hating right wing.
You know, you show me your log cabin Republican, I'll show you like a Jews for Hitler, okay?
Oh, by the way, we missed our whole big important thing we're going to do today about who drives who are Cadillacs, old Jews, or scharches.
Now, sure, you do understand what that's all about.
And of course, a lot of the old Jews have abandoned the Cadillac now for the Lincoln Continental, which is a much bigger and more spacious and dangerous jukenoo than the Cadillac.
Because of Continental, you can drive in three lanes at one time and you got a Continental.
Cadillac only two lanes, but when you got a big wide boat like a Continental, you can drive in four lanes at the same time, all over the place.
But it's a black folks out there, you think that if you're driving a beat up old Jolopy Cadillac, that it's kind of a similar success.
And all we're saying when we see that, oh, gee, there's another sparks are a beat up old Cadillac.
Which you could drive probably for the same amount of money, a much more reasonable used car of some other make that would actually be a real car.
You know, like a beat up old Brown Toyota, like the old folk people do.
But no, you want to drive any kind of Cadillac and then of course, if they're guys with a Pimp Mobile, like Stanley Coney, you stab at INZ, that big yellow civilian, which we used to call the Pimp Mobile.
Hey Stanley, I hate to break the news to you, but Jews don't drive big yellow civilians, okay?
Especially out there in the middle of Opalaka, whatever, what was that play Carol City?
Of course, he was a little slow, Stanley Coney used to go a lot, a lot, he used to do that.
Why are you dumping on the sales department in the oil?
Oh boy, people that I've worked for in this time, I'll tell you one thing about Greg Reed, he's a good guy, okay?
He's a little, yeah, but he's a good guy, you know, he means well.
And we'll find out who the father of those kids is.
26 after 1 at 5, 16.
Now, he promises pictures, okay? I think this is good, I think this is excellent.
We can get to know him a little bit better.
He promises to bring in pictures like when he was a teenager with his blonde hair and his, yeah, whatever he,
and he was probably like, for your four inches taller than two.
Aren't you always a little suspect when the kids are like, you know, a foot taller than dead,
and they got a different color hair, and they don't look at all like daddy, different color eyes.
He's got a lovely wife, nice family, but it just, we need to find out who.
Thank you, apparently. Who? Greg Reed's wife.
No, no, she, no, I forgot to mention, I got a fact about that.
The real story is Greg's wife, Mary Ann loves me, the kids love me, they love this show.
Greg is the one. Greg is the one who secret hates me like, poor yeah.
Like when I checked him through a week, late last week, oh, psychotic.
I waved goodbye to him, I was driving out of here on Friday in the Aparkin' Lot, wave goodbye, he gave me a little one of these.
You know, your number one, love your numbers. Number one.
See what Rogers got.
This honor, there's no love, a loser.
So you gotta see, who is there a loser?
Who is there a loser?
1999, you kids on the blocks.
What?
You're Arnold.
People.
Swank.
Marky Mark, and the funky bunch.
Because, Marky Mark is.
Mary, man, a loss.
I'm right.
I'm right.
And the guy, for Millie Vanille, that hasn't killed himself yet.
Training on the brain.
Loser poloos are 1999, sponsored by Value Jack.
Massive Servoies, Kato Kaelin, and Monica O'Insey.
Loser Voluzah.
1999, the cluster voluzah.
132 at 560 WDQ, and we took a poll by the way of Almona, and everybody said the same thing, she sucks.
Okay, let's go to Mobile in the Hallendale.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Guten Tag.
What is it?
Good day.
Oh, good no, good and tag.
We have a bad connection.
Sorry.
Good tag.
I don't be talking in Deutsche, again, my mother will get all upset.
Germany is a beautiful place, but.
It is.
Have you ever been in Kallon?
No, not in Kallon.
Oh, that's a beautiful city.
A lot of money in that city.
I don't know where they're getting it.
Maybe from the bear factory.
I don't know, but.
Next time I go back, I will check it out, though.
Trust me when I tell you.
I was listening this morning, and I took a lunch break, so I don't know if anyone mentioned
Jonas Salk.
Yes, two or three.
Oh, they did a right.
You're trying to say that Jonas Salk was more influential than Madonna, sir?
Yes, sir.
Oh, my God.
And John Lennon and Elvis Presley?
Well, I don't know about Lennon.
Not only kidding.
Yeah.
Vladimir.
How about Chuck's Cousteau?
Chuck Cousteau.
There you go.
Ah, a lot that's that.
Yeah.
Chuck is still.
He's not going to come to the French, but he wants brilliant.
Exactly.
Carl Sagan.
Carl Sagan.
There you go.
A little pseudo in the lecture.
A little smob, even ever less a brilliant guy who told him like it was.
And as far as ladies go, I really have an hard time coming up with one.
Judge Judy.
Judge Judy, thank you.
I go along with that.
Okay.
Oh, he kicked that.
He's just like Joe's girlfriend, man.
He kicks ass.
She don't take any crap from anybody that Jennifer, whatever her name is.
Jenny, Jenny, out of Jenny, whatever.
What is it?
I don't know what it is.
You're getting close.
You're getting close.
Jenny, I, rata, rata, rata, rata, rata, rata, rata, rata, rata, rata, rata, rata, rata,
I don't know.
Janina.
Oh, Janina.
What kind of a name is that?
A Janine, I know Janine or Jenny.
How, why isn't Jenny sufficient?
Did we call her Jenny or not?
No, we don't.
She gets pissed off.
I have to know what I'm going to try.
I'm not going to try.
Don't mess with Janine.
I'll tell you that.
She'll kick your ass.
And of course, in Joe's case, it's easy because he's about three feet tall.
See, that's the deal there.
No, that's the deal there.
See, it's easy for her to dominate him or at least try because he's like, comes up to her puppet.
Like you and your wife.
You come up to her knee, which is interesting.
You know, but spot is on.
I can't go right up to her short step ladder.
Yeah.
Like I said, that next president, America is too big on.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, John.
Good.
A couple of weeks ago, they had that whole article about time magazine on CNN.
Right.
And my wife and I, before they gave the results, we said, oh, it's going to be FDR probably.
You know, he's not even in the top 20.
That's the first one I thought.
He was elected four times.
I said on Friday, he did that, it'd be FDR or Hitler.
It's got to be one of those two.
Exactly.
But what, before they gave the results, I said, oh, it's easy.
Easy one, FDR.
Right.
And not even on the list.
And you want to know why because most of the people are voting.
First of all, old people don't use the internet, okay?
Yeah, I understand.
And most of the people who are voting were born long after FDR.
I was that, and in other words, when he died, I was two and a half years old, okay?
So even though I've done my history and I know who he was and what he did and all of that,
and it was a big fan reading about him, nevertheless, most of these people, I mean, under the age of 50,
they haven't got a clue who that is.
I was amazed.
I was amazed when Elvis and then...
Elvis Presley, number one, sir.
And yet, Hock Roby, number two.
Even he is Rady's would say, what?
He's embarrassed.
Yeah.
What is that?
That is incredible.
Another thing you were talking about in Vicky Glitchyus, right?
And you were talking about a small penis.
Right, that's what he said.
Okay, but remember, Enrique Glitchyus mother is from the Philippines.
Oh, that explains it.
He's half Asian.
He's half Asian, then.
Half Filipino and half Spanish.
Yeah.
Not much there.
Not much there, I thought.
They probably saw the left over as a debooring.
Okay.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
There you go Enrique.
There's your problem with a little Filipino action for you.
Maybe Andrew Konen and then the Enrique.
5.670560 in Grike and Tom 560 on the AT.
Don't be picking on my buddy, okay?
I'm hoping to meet him one of these days.
And how come I've been here a year and a half?
All I ever hear of even Greg Sonny coming here the other day,
which I never met before, so realize, kids.
And he says to me, oh, have you met Enrique yet?
He was like two doors from us.
Is if I haven't heard that 50 million times about how Greg bought the house
and Enrique used to live in and yada yada yada.
How come I haven't met him yet?
He loves me.
He's a much bigger groupie of mine than I am of his.
I don't get me wrong.
I like him, but you know, I'm a little realistic.
No, it's seriously, he looks good.
See, even you admit he looks good, okay?
He looks a little like what's his name there?
Only with a bigger thing on his poise.
And a smaller thing between.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
I don't need it.
I hope. Yes, sir.
I'm sterling for the male and Richard Simmons for the world.
Okay, great. Thank you so much.
5.670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless by anybody mentioning Corvette.
No.
No.
But we got to get some queen on there, you know?
So we have to have one or two live.
I mean, every group has got to have a representative on the list, at least bubbling under somewhere, you know?
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Why not someone here is a woman and Jewish and has brought you a lot of play during your life.
I don't like Corvus Dresan.
Who is it?
Ruth Bratel.
Ruth Bratel for a person of the year.
There you go.
Over me.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. Thank you.
We love Ruth's meat.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
Even though somebody I know says that you like Shula's better.
I don't, I say I don't believe it.
That's what you said.
Which is one hell of a thing to get after a free meal.
It costs like a thousand dollars, you know?
Huh?
No, seriously.
Let me, I don't want to put him on the spot.
But let me ask you, is that the right thing to say after somebody buys you a fantastic meal where everybody is spasming.
They're like squirting all over the table.
It's so excited from the great meal.
Is I don't want to make him feel bad, you know?
Because no, this opened up the avenue to the next meal.
It's good.
You know?
Maybe that was a plan.
Maybe I'll be a little more emboldened at the next dinner, you know?
Maybe instead having my meat on top of the table will be like underneath it.
I never know.
But seriously, I mean, I, I, I, I believe, I see now he's got me curious, all right?
I have to try for myself.
But I bet you they don't even have rib eye steaks that Shula's doing.
They don't have an overbought.
I mean, a place that brings out a menu on a football.
Huh?
That would be like my taking you to Toronto, taking the whole room to Toronto.
We go to a place where the menu is on a hockey puck.
You know, somehow I just can't envision that, you know?
Going into the Roots Chris in Toronto, in the Hilton Hotel there on Richmond Street,
in the university, and seeing the menu on a hockey puck.
And that's a pretty hockey intensive town, but I just somehow can't see that.
But anyway, we'll, we'll, we'll feel it out.
22-24-2-5-50-WQA.
Oh, God, Neil.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
145 at 560 WQM.
The most important person of the 20th century is it, uh, is it, uh,
I mean, what's the point?
Why are they doing this?
All over discoloration.
We're going to continue this, by the way, for the next four months.
It kills great time.
What is the point?
Because the answers that the American public come up with are the crappy education system that we have are so embarrassing.
The idea that anybody from a show business or sports or the entertainment world in any way could be on his list like in the top 20 or 30 or 40 is so insulting.
That's the thing.
It's not just stupid.
It's insulting.
That's somebody like Elvis Presley or Madonna was the most influential person of the 20th century on the face of it.
Basically what you're saying is I'm a moron.
I'm an imbecile.
I'm a jackass. I'm a fool.
That's right.
That's exactly right.
You're going like that to the whole world.
You just pull your pants down and show in your big, complete, fat ass.
Everybody in the world are going, yeah.
I'm a blattering idiot.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That's two names for your list.
Yes.
Alan and John Foster Delas.
Oh, anxious.
It's not for John Foster Delas.
No war guilt clause after World War I.
No way I'll fit, learn.
No World War II.
No cold war.
And you can...
And this Suez Canal.
Correct.
And for all your Cuban listeners, no Alan Delas, no Bay of Pigs.
There you go.
Okay, all we can say is...
I got the man of the year, Bokeh Bride.
You know, the person of the century.
After they made him, they threw away the mold.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Tell them about the Ricky Martin song, by the way.
Which I already forgot.
It was a great idea.
Had a great song for you.
Ricky Martin song.
How about Ricky, please, lose their number.
That would be another one.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is Elvis in mid-sock or one in two?
Who was three in four?
Santa Claus in a teeth fairy?
Yes.
How about Winston Churchill?
Winston Churchill was down.
He was behind John Lennon and Mother Teresa.
He was number 13.
What about...
I'm not lucky, number 13.
What about Joseph Stalin?
He got some votes, but not in the top 20.
What about Senator McCarthy?
Senator McCarthy?
Good thing.
We should have made the top 20.
And the top 20.
It's part of the functions, yeah.
What about Neil Armstrong and Buzz Alder?
No.
No, we did not in the space, could it?
How about top 10 buttholes of the century?
Yeah, that's next year.
Captain Joseph Hazelwood, next on Valdez.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
And back to you.
By the way, Exxon, I think, was the station
where we got the bad map on Corsable.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, we just got some crappy maps.
If those Chinese would just be a little bit less hotheaded, okay?
If they let them demonstrate as much
whether they're demonstrating against their own government,
if they do throw rocks and bricks at us in our embassy over there,
then maybe they might get something done.
Of course, they can be produced like rabbits.
Here is Miami.
Hello.
And Neil, why aren't you on the list?
I'm number six.
Really?
Well, hey, buddy, you know I'll always be behind you.
Right behind you, fine.
What?
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
I'm always ready to plunge your bloody asshole with a plunger.
Okay, thanks.
Fine, that was the achievement from plantation.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, well, maybe they can put you away
like they did the other guy in New York, okay, asshole?
Here's a Pembert Pine, tell him.
There you go, Neil.
Okay, there's the line eight factor again.
There you go.
Like you're Greg, like I said, don't even waste your time finding those pictures,
which he's been a dummy up and probably buy from somebody.
Oh, speaking of buying sound, I once forgot.
I keep I wrote this down.
Not only is Roy Foster with the act in real strange in here on Friday,
looking for cigars and other sort of things,
and then running out of here with that big gigantic black dildo,
but anybody need any Cologne?
No.
Around the building?
You know how you have various places like a gas station,
and shopping malls, their guys would like trucks,
and vans that come up to you,
and they have stereo equipment,
and various other goods that they're selling you.
So if anybody building would like some bootleg Cologne,
Roy's got a specialist week.
Let me first do that.
Yeah.
On old, the OJ,
which smells like, yeah, like that,
old, the OJ.
I think he has a car noir.
Yeah, yeah.
He's got our Coknoir.
So there you go.
Anybody wants bootleg Cologne?
Just see Roy Foster in the QA himself,
the department he's got it, okay?
He's got Cologne up his...
Reckham.
Well, maybe that's why I had that using bloody stool problem.
Yeah, or maybe it was that the gigantic black instrument.
Or Coknoir.
Maybe that big gigantic black instrument is what did it?
That'll give you bloody,
using stool every time, or better cut it out.
Selling bootleg perfume around the...
I mean, what is that?
Huh?
I mean, I realize he's trying to make ends meet a little bit,
and you know, he's just their face man, but nevertheless.
10B42 at 560 WQM,
you watch the video.
