Sport Radio 560 WQAM IME4 Lutterdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for dated rarer,
from Count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinion of Neil is yes, scholars, or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the Beeson Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The media has to fix the need to help out.
I just want Peter Alliston to know that all of us American scholars on the water company.
We are Chinese too!
There you have us!
Let me take you down to the stadium where strawberry peel.
While making dry peel.
Yes!
And nothing seems to chime out.
Strawberry rehab forever.
Living is easy for sports, grass.
Who puts the sannies in the seat?
A silver stock can get messed up, but he can still cash out.
If he can hit $2.93.
And he won't come down because he loves his tooth with strawberry peel.
He's making dry peel.
And long as he can hit about.
All men.
Strawberry flesh forever.
Now when he's swinging his right street.
How many must be high on blow?
Yes!
And all the little things will swing but it's all right.
To get real high and grab a fat.
Uh-huh.
Let me take you down to the stadium where strawberry peel.
While making dry peel.
And nothing seems to chime out.
Strawberry rehab forever.
Strawberry rehab forever.
Peel strawberry real high forever.
Peel strawberry real high forever.
Hello, dear strawberry.
This is good, man. I've told you it's a comedy begin.
You look at the other door with the flat back.
And I'll try you later.
All right.
104560 WQA.
So what will paint to which final word?
I just want Peter Allister to know that all of us American gov is on the water company.
We are Chinese too.
What a sense of humor.
I always say.
Well, there's so much to talk about.
Yesterday I noticed that of course the cats always got their tongue this crowd.
But now that the whole rest of the country is in an upper about the Jim Gray thing.
As they should have been yesterday, well, they were.
The rest of the country was.
And I noticed now this town jumping on a bandwagon.
I mean, Jim Gray needs to be he needs to be put in a rubber room somewhere.
The country needs to be protected from Jim Gray and all of the media.
He's just an example of how dangerous the media are.
For example.
I go home yesterday afternoon.
I flip on CNN and he got this Bill Curry junior guy whose young kind of put you guy.
He's a friend of the family of painstored.
And it comes out to read course all the media are out there waiting breathlessly.
This is up in Orlando at painstored home.
And the media waiting breathlessly there with a microphone for the statement.
It comes out and he reads the prepared statement about the family and says this.
And this one says that and the please pray for the family.
And that's the best thing you can do.
And it's a hard time for all of us and we're trying out best to get through it.
So here come the stupid questions.
Well, how does this affect you personally, Bill?
How do you feel for?
And he's trying to get the hell out of there.
And I'm screaming at my TV set.
There's nobody there except me in the dogs.
But I'm screaming at the TV.
Turn around and walk away.
Please.
Please.
And this is my advice for anybody in the world.
The next time the media start asking you a bunch of stupid and intrusive questions.
After you said all you're going to say or maybe you have nothing to say.
Turn around and walk away and tell them to get the F out of your face.
And he says that I have no more comment to make.
That's what the family has to say.
And those are my comments and the best thing you can do is pray for the family.
And he turns around and starts, well, talk to us, Jim, about, talk to us about the,
talk to me about.
And you just want to take up.
And blow those assholes away.
You know what?
That's what I felt.
Blow those media back to the way.
Punch a media.
Punch a grave robbers.
Punch a grave robbers.
That's exactly what you are.
You people in the media like I've said for years.
Like Jesse says.
You're dangerous.
You're crazy people.
And that asshole I called right before the end of the worst team there about well,
you know, he did bet on the big.
You know, there's a thing called the Dow report that the late baseball commissioner barred your
Mottie head with all these out.
Why don't we just see what's in there?
Why don't we just see what's in there?
First of all, the allegations allegedly are that he bet on baseball.
What was it?
57 times 52 times.
But again, bet on the Cincinnati Reds when he was playing for the Reds.
But are there any allegations that he bet against the team that he was playing for?
No.
No.
So even though it was certainly inappropriate to be betting on baseball, there's no
allegation that he fixed any games is there?
No.
That he threw any game that he tried to make his team lose any games.
No.
So what's the big deal?
Oh, he gambled.
Here you got you, Darryl Strawberry, who opens him out by the way.
He says we were pretty much all disgusted with Jim Gray.
Says Yankees outfielder Darryl.
Strawberry.
It was the night of celebration for Pete Rose.
Every player who ever plays cares about Pete Rose.
It was an embarrassment.
It didn't set to well in his clubhouse.
And MSNBC, which of course is just an appendage of NBC, the Guilty Party.
So last night in this montage of news, whatever the hell they had,
that Brian Williams crap that goes on for hours to kill time.
So they're going to give us the big load on on this thing.
And about America's up in arms and Jim Gray did this and Pete Rose said that.
And so what did they do is they show about 10 seconds at the interview.
They just slice it down.
They don't show you the fact that Jim Gray asked the same question 72 different times,
140 different ways.
Did they show you that?
No.
No.
And then they just moved on to the next, you know, whatever the next segment was.
Because they two got in and perished to admit that it was the peacock network.
That's blushing.
Every color on the peacock is the same color of blushing red from this grotesque performance.
How long you penalize the guy because he's got a gambler?
He's still got a gambling problem.
Everybody knows that.
He gambles his guts out.
Like I said the other day, he seemed at Pompato Park every once in a great while,
sitting there with a big stack of hundreds on the table, trying to impress everybody
with what a compulsive game.
He's got a gambling problem.
And again, when you put it in a proper perspective of athletes in America over the last 15-20 years,
is a gambling problem a big deal?
No.
Especially when there's no accusation that he ever bet against his own team?
No.
No.
And I don't even like the guy.
He gives me the creeps.
I try to give him a winner at Pompato Park that night he's up in a clubhouse
and he looks at me like he goes and bets.
I don't know how much on some other guy damn horse.
I give him a $27 horse and would buy.
Did he?
No.
But that's okay Pete, you're an expert.
It just keeps tearing up the tickets.
That's his deal, it's his money.
If he wants to set a bonfire in his backyard and burn his money, that's his business.
Did he ever steal a freight train?
No.
Do you rob in 7-11?
No.
Rob in your money?
No.
No.
And let me also say this, which I know won't sit very well in the sports nerd station.
What's the big cynicism about painstores?
Like Hank said yesterday after really idiotic call.
I know there were so many yesterday all over the station.
After a particularly idiotic call.
Oh Hank, you're an expert on sports.
Share with us your thoughts on painstored on this terrible tragedy.
And Hank said, and very accurately so.
It's sad.
When anybody dies it's sad.
I didn't know the guy.
It's sad.
What is the being a sports expert got to do with that?
He was a golfer.
It's sad when somebody dies.
He was a golfer.
He's dead.
John Shapy, the former governor of Rhode Island, and senator for 23 years.
He died yesterday.
Of course he was an old guy, 77.
Anybody care about that?
No.
No.
That's on page three.
Painstores on page one.
And there it is again on CNN.
There it is right there.
There's a play in the Lerge.
And now to California in San Juan.
Yeah, there you go.
Ten minutes after 10 at 5.
60 WQM.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQM
deeply-reheat acquisition court.
Got it.
Right here.
Come to me, my child.
Do you need a ride?
Certainly I don't mind.
I'll drive your home.
With me.
You can trust me.
I'm a priest.
It's the least that I could do.
I just want it to be nice to you.
Some social for my child.
Say, you're quite the handsome young man.
I told you, take your hand.
And fear my magic dreams.
And I'll be nice to you.
It's a little wobble.
I measure men with hands until the end of the day.
Day and tree.
I will fix you.
On more days.
On the afternoon, five minutes later,
And so there was a chance for me to see this.
But I think it's the police.
I think it's the police.
I think it's your chance and remember that, please.
If they show us what I did with you.
So if I was always being nice to you,
please be with you, my child.
God be with you, my child.
You got...
Pessacene at 560 WQAM.
Anyway, of course, the hero, but they're obligatory, the pro and the con.
They're one of the most stupid pages I've ever seen in my life.
Dan LaBasterd, Roe shouldn't apologize for his play.
And then he goes on to talk about the column below, which is Greg Kotech, saying,
Roe's appearance was self-serving and Roe's feet rose and ass.
And the contrived, contrived, pro and con, crossfire, bunch of crap.
As opposed to saying, well, here's our columnist and let him write their own opinion,
whatever it is, even though they don't have much credibility anyway.
This is just another classic example of what's wrong with the people in the media.
You're sick.
I know we have a lot of people in the media listen to this show.
You're sick. You're a bunch of grave robbers. You're lunatics.
You're out of control.
You have no credibility.
You're nauseating. You're disgusting.
The whole thing is just how much controversy can we stir up?
How much publicity can we get out of this?
As opposed to having any basic common decency, which forget about that?
Because does the media have any basic...
Oh! No, none. Zero. Zipity Doodah.
Which of course goes back to the whole thing with Ken Star and that he'll, uh,
bubblegate thing, the penis gate.
Like it was somebody's business that he was getting a couple of blow jobs
and doing phone sex with Monica, with that anybody's business besides Bubba and Hillary?
No. Of course not.
So we had to spend 18 months, $47 million by the way they spent.
Let's round it off to a nice 50 million.
So let me say it again.
John Chafee, Rhode Island Senator, date at the age of 77, heart failure.
He was a governor three times of Rhode Island.
He was in the Senate for 23 years.
He died. Now he was an old guy, you know, 77.
That's maybe old enough, maybe not.
But he's dead.
That's his with his death.
Floridian's lost to front of the Everglades.
One of the few moderate Republicans left.
Not one of those foaming right-wing maniacs.
That's on page three, eh?
But on page one, eh?
Ghostly air tragedy.
Now see, this was a major story, but primarily for one reason.
And that was that here was this pilotless plane floating along up there in the sky.
Even though of course it was only a small plane, a little jet.
And that wasn't like your, you know, 747 or an Airbus or, you know, any big commercial jet.
But nevertheless, it could have landed anywhere.
It could have crashed into a populated area.
And it would have hurt.
And it would have hurt somebody.
That's right.
It would have hurt bad.
It wouldn't have hurt them because they were already dead on the plane.
That's why the Pentagon was involved.
And that's why they were up there waiting to see if they were going to get orders from the president.
They had to shoot it down depending on where the thing was going to crash.
Which isn't it amazing?
Maybe God must have been looking.
He wasn't looking after the people in the plane, but he was looking after the people on the ground.
Well, you know, he can't do everything.
But out there in a wilderness, not even an Aberdeen South Dakota, but like out west of the city, you know, out in the middle of the Yenim's belt.
God said, let it land in Yenim's belt.
And poof, it landed in Yenim's belt.
Yeah.
Cracked right into the ground.
In a nice soft mushy ground too.
So it just went right down in there.
So it didn't go splattering all over the place.
And possibly hurt anybody, even the cows.
Nice going, God.
Thank you.
But so that was the big part of the story.
Was it a big part of the story that was paying the steward?
I mean, no.
I hate to break the news, and I don't want to sound insensitive because like I said before, it's a tragedy when anybody dies, especially somebody as young as he was.
But unless you're a golfing person, I mean, I know who he was.
Only because you get inflicted with the names of golfers all the time, because this crap is on TV incessantly.
George had no idea who he was.
My brain filter works perfectly.
How do you like that?
I bet you there are a lot of people in this audience who never heard a pain steward until yesterday.
Of course, there are a lot of people in this audience also never heard of John Chafee.
Who?
Yeah, right.
What was his handicap?
Age.
Old age.
77, I think.
I mean, like I said, I want to sound insensitive, but what's the big deal here?
This reminds me of Princess Diana and mother sister Teresa.
Whatever her name was, mother sister, she was a mother.
You know, they die on the same weekend.
Mother Teresa, who's a wrinkled up old bag, she gets like 15 seconds there on CNN, on headline news maybe, with Lynn Russell.
Princess Diana, oh my god, it's going on and on and on.
What on for months?
It's still going on.
There's still a lot going on trying to talk about Diana.
Anybody talking about mother Teresa anymore?
No.
Who allegedly, you know, was doing all these good things, you know, like preventing people from having abortions and forcing people to reproduce like cockroaches, things like that.
But at least she thought she was doing good stuff.
But she was a wrinkled up old bag, kind of like Senator Chafee from Rhode Island.
He was a wrinkled up old guy, 77.
Probably didn't play too much golf anymore.
So here's a guy to play golf.
He gets killed in a plane crash and like just like with JFK Jr.
The other four and maybe the other five, they're not really sure about this Bruce Borland, who's, was a golf court designer for Jack Nicholas.
I'm not really sure if they figured out yet if he was on a plane or not.
But so the other people that were on a plane, they're also dead.
Am I correct about that?
Including the pilots?
Anybody talking about that?
No, because they didn't play golf.
They weren't golf champions and they didn't wear knickers.
That's probably the most important part is they didn't wear knickers.
Now seriously, if I were to tell you that a guy who wore knickers got killed on a plane crash yesterday and didn't tell you the name, what would be your first impression?
Nick or lover?
Right, exactly.
In addition to which, here's a guy whose final words were...
No, I just want Peter Alliston to know that all of those American golfers on the water company, we are Chinese too.
There you go.
He had a sense of humor.
By the way, how about some sperm donors out there?
We're getting guys wanting to donate some sperm?
Come on, here we go.
Squared, squared it on the internet.
Auction of ovarian eggs on internet ignites firestorms.
And of course these are beautiful.
I'm looking at the one.
She's beautiful.
Oh, I'm looking at Jesus Christ.
Did you see these pictures?
Uh, no.
Two out of the three that they have pictured on here.
Oh my god, they look like good dime store hookers.
I'm sure it's just a bad photo.
No, it's not.
The one in the middle, she's pretty hot, but the other two.
Good, God.
The one on the right looks like Rosanne on a bad day.
And she wants to sell her eggs.
Chicken little could sell those eggs better in this pitch.
Anyway, on the internet, they're auctioning off ovarian eggs.
The idea being, and from 15 to 150 grand, by the way, for the privilege.
And they say if people want to spend 150 grand for the eggs of a gorgeous woman with an IQ of minus 10, then there you go.
That's what the fertility experts are saying.
That's up to you.
Now let me ask you.
Are they, are any, are any,
in people donating their eggs, you know, people with a brain, people who might contribute something.
Now, it's only important that your kids look beautiful.
They can be dumber than saw dust, but it's important that they look great.
What do you say of that?
Oh, right.
Yeah, we like good looking people.
We don't care about smart people.
We don't admire smart people.
We don't encourage smart people.
We like beautiful people.
And I'll echo that.
I like beautiful people.
Young and dumb and full of fun.
Yeah, that's what I always say.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Bill, I want to talk to you about that feroz thing, man.
Yeah.
I think that journalism is a jerk, man.
You think what?
I think that journalism said, interview them as an asshole.
Some journalists, I thought it was Jim Gray who interviewed him.
You said journalists.
Well, I got the reporter from CBS, or wherever.
From NBC, the asshole.
Yeah.
He's not a journalist, he's an asshole.
I think it's okay to smoke crack, but it's not good if you get a better couple bucks.
I'm in pain.
Right.
You know, you can go to all the famous.
You smoke some crack.
Yeah.
But don't let the kids start training their baseball cards because they might get expelled from school.
And don't forget about beating up your pregnant wife or girlfriend, too.
That's okay.
That's all right.
Okay, have a great day.
So there's a guy who was touching around the edges of it.
It was that the journalist from CBS.
Was that who went to the police?
No.
He's close.
He's warm.
See, this tunnel catch up.
They'll get the information in about a week and then they'll be talking about it.
When you least expect it, they'll be all foaming at the mouth.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
America was pissed off and fired up.
The calls were pouring into NBC to the local affiliates, to the network, all over the goddamn country.
And what's this town got to say about it just like the usually just like the painstored death yesterday?
That's what they got to say about nothing.
Well, Hank, you're very intelligent.
What are your thoughts?
Let's share with us your some perspective on the death of painstored.
Oh, yeah.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, you know, I just wanted to get your take on you.
I'm not a Zoom estate, a walkie-g-in game, Danielle.
What can I do for you, sir?
What's your take on it?
What can I do for you, sir?
That's it.
I just want to get you take this.
Okay, take this.
Take two and call us in the morning.
Okay, pretty weak.
5, 6, 7.
Are we on the year today or what?
Not on the year?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7.
By the way, where the hell is Maddie Bell?
He's an asshole.
Where the hell are the real ratings for me yesterday?
Where's all the stuff that I'm supposed to get here when a rating book comes out?
The summer book comes out.
We kicked ass here in mid-day.
Ow!
Morning and afternoon.
What a kick to ass except they got all the commercials.
Nobody's listening more than five minutes a week.
What a kick, serious ass.
And Maddie Bell, he goes out to lunch when the ratings come in.
And our program director is going around the alley.
Eeeh!
I want to go.
Damn numbers, inquiry minds.
Want to know about that minuscule number any afternoon with the babbling brook.
They want to know the grade they're number.
They want to know about the laughing.
Did they show up at all?
Here it is 10.30 the next morning.
And do I still have the stuff?
No!
Only here at QAM.
God, this place is unbelievable.
Jim Mandage talks sports again right here.
On sports radio 5, 16, Q, A, F.
Arachite, f***ing blow!
The American cheesecats will remind you that everything tastes better with cheese.
I hate broccoli, except when my mom melts cheddar cheese on top,
then I even ask for seconds.
Yes, there's nothing like cheese to make things taste terrific.
I'm a sideshow geek in a circus, and I eat ground glass for a living.
My secret?
I top the shards with grated parmesan.
It tastes great, and the cheese helps to absorb the blood.
That's right, nothing cops things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese.
My husband likes me to, you know, do him, but I hate the taste.
So I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese.
It goes down easy.
And that makes it easier to go down.
Cheese makes everything taste better.
So remember, don't forget your cheese.
What is it?
12.31 already?
10.31 at 5.60 WQM.
They're still hucking a china about the...
Automatically growing to emergency pressurization.
About the little jet on CNN, on and on, hour after hour.
At the risk of shouting in sensitive for the 20 million time, let me say it again.
I'm not moved. I'm not...
I have no feelings about the death of pain storage.
Do you have any feelings about the death of pain storage, by the way?
I think that Chinese impersonation was really funny.
It was pretty funny, yeah.
No, I'm serious. It doesn't phase me.
It's sad when anybody dies.
It was an accident or was tragic.
But how about the other people who died on it?
They were famous golfers.
See, this goes back again to something that I keep preaching and preaching and preaching.
Your life, anybody out there.
Your life is just as valuable as Princess Diana, JFK Jr.
Painstored, anybody?
Oh no, we're not famous.
Oh, so if you're famous, your life is worth more.
Uh-huh. Then some people like the people who got elected.
You didn't have the Hurricane Irene.
Seven of them, by the way.
Tom Jicke says it was just some heavy rain.
Immediately did a great job here.
And as usual, Tom, you're full of crap.
Here in a business section,
Irene's tool estimated that $600 million
cropped damage is extensive.
$600 million.
Over a million people were without power for some of her law more than a day.
And Tom Jicke says, oh, it was just some heavy rain.
Immediately did a wonderful job.
What do you all know your bitching about?
They did a crappy job.
In fact, here's a letter to the editor in the Sun Centrelus morning.
It says it was obvious by 10 or 11 a.m. on October 15th
that Hurricane Irene was coming our way or released a lot closer than anticipated.
Because of no hurricane warning being posted,
many employers would not let their employees go home.
My fiance is employed by UPS.
They kept in delivering in that hurricane.
One of the four casters in the National Hurricane Center said that they were not going to put up the hurricane warning
because it would only confuse people.
We've had two close calls this year.
Floyd and Harvey, we were prepared.
This time we got a storm and no one was prepared.
Not because of the complacency on the public's part,
but because the National Hurricane Center did not change the watch to warning.
It says, Jeannie Sanders in Hollywood.
Nice going, Jeannie.
Jeannie, whatever your name is.
Nice going, honey.
Ken Demarzo in the Harold writes a letter to the editor this morning,
short and right to the point.
This is excellent.
Maybe one of the all-time best letters ever written.
It says, if our city county state and national politicians were more concerned
with what was going on in Miami and Miami-Dade County,
instead of what's going on in Havana, we'd all be better off.
Don't a third world city and a third world county deserve a third world airport?
Nice going, Ken.
Oh!
And the answer, by the way, is that yes.
Yes, they do.
56705, 505, 505, 60 on the 18 and 20 wireless lines.
Somebody will call us today, by the way, and tell us why we're wrong.
Well, we should be very upset about the death of painstower.
That was a great guy.
He was.
And he never stole a freight train.
And what's wrong with wearing knickers anyway?
Here's a lady in Naples.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, the sad thing about the media is that the poor family has to have their TV off.
Otherwise, I've got to hear it every three minutes.
Yeah.
But I think it was an odd thing.
I think that families ought to stop sending these spokespeople out there
and feel obligated to make some kind of a statement.
Just tell the media to bug off.
Obviously, we're in mourning now.
Right.
Kind of tragic thing.
And if you can't figure that out, then you have to be able to film.
I agree.
And about Pete Rose.
I'm surprised he didn't punch that guy right in the nose.
I would have loved it.
And he would have had a 90-share easy film.
He was very good, though, because he said, well, I'm really surprised
when you do that.
You know, that you would ask me these questions.
Yeah.
So he was trying to get that over and over again.
I know.
I know.
Anyways, I wanted to ask you.
I know Vegas would be mobbed at New Year's.
Do you think by the seventh, there'd be a lot of rooms open and everybody going home?
Oh, yeah.
There's always a lot of rooms.
Many hotels now in Vegas.
There always are rooms.
And I've taken $200 from Trip and Fort Rodinilla.
Great.
Do it.
Take it.
You'll love it.
And what else do I have?
Did you know that the coach, the Atlanta Braze, was a wife, Peter, just after that?
The manager, Bobby Cucks.
Okay.
And then the change of subject to hockey.
Hit the pot.
Go to the oven.
Okay.
Thank you.
5667-0560, pound 560.
Well, what was he trying to say?
Oh, I thought I wanted an interpreter.
Well, she's over in Naples.
She's under a lot of pressure.
A lot of gypsies over there.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
I'm embarrassed for you, people.
Okay.
I'm going to embarrass for you.
I'm looking at the...
I come in this morning and I look at their phone.
I got like two lines lit up.
Erie V. Talks Station of any kind across America is inundated with people.
Even people who can't stand, people who don't like baseball.
Even people who don't care about the world.
Serious.
Even people who like Bob Cossus, which I can't find any of them.
And their outrage.
They're just nauseated.
They're fed up.
They're disgusted with this.
With immediate insensitivity and feeding frenzy and just fixation on embarrassing and humiliating,
and degrading everything that it touches, bringing it down to the lowest common denominator.
And here...
Same old crap.
Nothing moves these people.
Nothing.
Like trying to move a goddamn mountain in the Elves with your toe.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello?
Hello, Nell.
Yes?
Um, down 25 pounds on the act.
And thank you, sir.
Um...
Great.
Exactly.
Um, I wanted to talk to you.
I'm tuned in very late about half time of that boring football game last night.
You know how...
How about anybody watch that?
I tuned in.
How could anybody watch the Falcons in the Steel of the Falcons?
And by the way, another great game, 13 and 9, by the way.
Exactly.
Oh.
At half time, they start showing a United Way commercial.
Yeah.
And who's talking in the background about family and how much he does for his community...
How much he does for his community and how much he loves his family?
Who's that?
Radio Cannon!
The same radio cannon that was arrested down here for picking up a $20 whore.
Yeah.
These are the Falcons.
For the Falcons.
Who gives a crap about radio cannon or paint Stewart or Pete Rose?
So why were you watching that game?
I just...
How could anybody...
How could anybody be that bored that they'd be watching do that game?
Living channels on the dish.
That's all I was doing.
Um...
Don't do it again.
Listen, one last thing.
I know you know this answer and it's bothering me.
What...
I think it was like 1975 in an All Star game where Pete Rose ended a guy's career, the catcher.
What was his name?
When he smashed into a life.
Was it Ray Fossy?
That's it.
You're the best.
Have a great day.
Thanks.
Ray Fossy.
It was Eugene Robinson by the way you got to...
Yeah, I didn't ring a bell.
I mean, Ray Buchanan, I know Pat Buchanan was right.
Eugene.
So here's a guy that told me how boring the game was and he doesn't watch it anyway but he happened to be channel serving.
It doesn't even have the name right.
I'm sitting here like, who the hell is he talking about?
It was Eugene, man, from the Falcons on the eve of the Super Bowl.
Oh.
Like I said, how is it possible to have a sports station in this market?
It would be like having an all-is-really station in the middle of Nicaragua in Africa.
I don't understand it.
I mean, it doesn't make people bad the fact that they know nothing about sports.
It just makes them less dimensional, I guess.
You know, that's a kind way to put it.
What do you say Pat Buchanan picked up a hooker in Miami?
Is that what he said?
Yeah.
And she turned him down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, you're very knowledgeable.
George, you know a lot about life.
What are your thoughts?
What's your thoughts on this tragedy with...
I don't think Nicaragua is an appropriate fashion statement for this day in the age of...
Now, let me ask you.
I thought he was Irish.
Isn't that a Scottish thing?
I mean, I realized that the Scottish invented golf.
But was he Scottish?
Well, it's fine out.
There you go.
21 before 11 at 5, 60, WQS.
Good night.
You hear it?
Sports Bad Radio WQS.
That's so s**t.
Kuku, baby, let's turn this mother out.
Pop the MagiRapper is on my TV.
No one heard of him before, or his name is Pop that he,
I said that's Pop the MagiRapper.
I'll be here that long.
Not unless he learns to sing or to write a friggin song.
I said Pop the MagiRapper is all over MTV.
Only because of one shot not glorious VIG that that guy maybe swung himself in making it this way wrong.
18-hats short dead best friend.
Seek King.
Let's fall.
Snoop Doggy Doggy Doggy Dog on the ball track.
10-44 at 5-50 WQM.
Pop Lincoln fact is that you know my good close person with red bob Lincoln because he keeps sending me those hotel books four times a year for free.
So it just got a fact from America worst.
America worst.
Room is still available.
50% off New Year's 99 in Vegas.
I'm assuming he means New Year's 2000 or whatever it is.
Why 2K?
50% off because a lot of people naturally are terrified.
They don't want to go anywhere on that because they're afraid they're going to go up there and do a painstored in the sky.
Because aren't all of your planes hooked into computers?
I mean when you turn on the ignition aren't they hooked into computers?
No.
And I think I'm going to like fall out of the sky.
No.
On New Year's Eve and stuff.
It fits the same computer you got in your car.
Yeah probably that's right.
Maybe the steering column lock.
Oh by the way I got my car first yesterday.
Thank you.
And thank the 50 million people that called my friend Greg Nelson over their back road.
Yeah he calls me home yesterday.
She I've had 45 million people call and say you're all upset about the vet.
And what can I do for you?
And I said don't worry about it Greg.
I had a towed up the street here.
They took care of it.
They replaced the steering column lock.
I got it back.
It drove all the way from there to my house two miles.
Do I have it today?
No.
I don't want to push my luck.
Okay?
You get a new part in there.
It's going to like ease itself in.
It's got a break in.
You know I don't want to like push my luck this year.
Maybe next year.
Maybe for why two K.
I'll drive that one.
Okay we got 600 open lines here.
Error me day the same thing here.
I think if they can just load us up with spots like the morning show I can play music.
Oh by the way speaking of music bulletin spy report power 96 yesterday.
The music in your soul.
Bravo all stars.
Thanks to me and they're saying oh it's another kid curry discovery.
Yeah.
That's okay now we're even for the back three points tickets.
Okay kid pops whatever your name is.
See what I don't understand I just our program director just came in here with that usual with another schedule.
He's putting these schedules in it like do I care about these schedules?
No.
Does anybody care about that really when you come right now it's the same old stuff we're here every day.
But that's his big thing it's the you know make make a busy work kind of thing for our program director.
And I said to him what's the story on these ratings?
I mean I don't get it.
It's now almost 11 o'clock in the morning.
The day it's like 24 hours later and he went.
Like that.
See that you're right they don't speak the language at all at all.
They don't speak the language of broadcasting.
Like the ratings came in aren't you people concerned that you're software your hardware your in between where your underwear it didn't work.
Aren't you concerned about that?
No.
I mean don't you want to make a little bit ever have somebody get them all to you which we like to have him here on a year.
Especially acquiring minds we've been building up to this moment they want to know that big number on wins three to seven in the afternoon.
They want to know about very jackass his favorite waffen that had 45 front page stories in the heraldor promote them up waffen did they show up anyway.
And I can't give it to my audience out there they want this information they don't give a crap about painstored about p-ros about Jim Gray.
They don't care about any of that stuff do they know they want to know a book on like a point the zero zero's that's what they want to know.
Because they're about to say this like me.
We'd like this year to get a point minus something.
Mine first time in history of arbitrarian a minus in front of the number minus 82 for that bitch that f'ing bitch can't get the number he's a well maybe you'll have to go over to kiss and win him off.
Oh don't you know don't do that.
Don't put somebody all the trouble to do that I'm sure somebody over there like Bob the K with his bad wake I'm sure he could probably get on it and the guy named facts to.
Facts is over the right stuff but well we got this you know we got a little bit here.
Why should we go beyond that why should we make an effort to that's what gets me about this place why should we actually make an event or why you such a prick that you want to force us to do something that's why in spuddy or gigantic numbers you know Greg reached into the yesterday going after the show to take a leak.
And I hear somebody is in one of the I thought it was you as a matter of fact because you're always taking crafts in there.
I thought I might have been George but then I thought that's not George somebody's making like a lot of those book of Brian noises you know in there.
Yeah real quiet no I know well somebody was not quite I don't know what he was doing in there besides that but anyway so I finished taking my leak and before I can get out of there the door opens from the from the.
A turlant and out springs Greg read our fearless leader how do you like that and he's going.
Oh great book now that he come in here because he assumed of course I've left by this time in fact maybe that's where he was hiding out until the coast was clear he's looking at this watch to see it's about 205 to 10 coast is clear the
bag is gone now I can walk around a building.
I don't have to congratulate him on a great book while the rest of us one in the tank because of our 85 minutes spot breaks.
And he came up with one of the most incredible lines I've ever heard in my life he says to me you know people think it's easy to get ratings.
Is it until we brought you over here we didn't have any ratings.
And I thought to myself gee if that's the case how come I have to have a nervous breakdown and threaten to walk out for you to do anything in that studio what is that goddamn 800 line coming in.
Why is it that every time we ask for anything no matter how inexpensive it might be.
It requires like a major we have to have meetings the lawyers have to get on the phone back and forth.
But we didn't have any numbers over here till we brought you over here Neil those are the words from our fearless leader after he said.
That.
And I thought to myself well gee sure have a strange way of showing.
Just like our program director see that's one thing in the other stations.
You can say what you want about boy Gary and about Steve nickel he's an asshole well you can say that.
But when the ratings came out if they had a stand on their head because it's part of the program not only for the audience is sake and for my sake but everybody in a business to and when the ratings conduct because this is the only place where to find out how they're doing.
Their management stock on a tell them by the way speaking of how they're doing I go and home yesterday Hank was into a commercial break after that brilliant call by the way oh you know a lot about sports your very knowledgeable Hank what are your thoughts about paying store in this terrible tragedy.
After that brilliant call Hank blow and I got off rightfully so so they go into a commercial break and I figure I got about 10 minutes now so I flip over to a smegma radio smegma fm 103.5.
And just as somebody predicted yesterday they're playing.
Oh you got it on there.
Oh I don't think I have actually I made a night you're playing with a lawyer reunited by peaches and her.
Oh my god.
Peaches and squirm.
And this station is getting a frickin number in this market their number one and men 25 to 50 40 after them and their number two behind my action the midday.
They must they must to give in diaries to every fag in the market here to get this whole music get out of here with this crap.
We are family baby with two bees.
Jesus Christ it was okay and it's time and once in a great while I like hearing some of that stuff again once in a while.
But a steady diet of that crap.
Oh my god.
That's not guaranteed more affected than the atkins you be puking your guts all day here and that.
And all of a sudden this meteor first time clear channel has ever done anything in this market with even a minimal impact.
Rick and suds have vanished from the landscape vanish disappeared.
The psychotic bitch she so low we can't even get enough pages to find her number.
In fact probably the birds are got away she's on my back pages somewhere there can't find a goddamn thing.
But finally they hit the jackpot with disco I just I'm sorry I'm not fine I'm not believe it.
Oh pain.
I was going to do a good thing there and you scoop me up on it.
Here's Carl spring.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey just a little word of warning to the woman going to Vegas she did say she was flying America West.
Oh did you say that?
You know you were kind of talking to that.
I don't think you said that.
No you were kind of talking over at the end when you said oh go for it baby good luck and you said like yeah America West down like oh geez the worst.
America worst they are the absolute worst they make American Airlines seem fantastic.
As far as the rape you can in guy I mean not only did he get that wrong the guy been using Robinson but she's I mean Ray Fawkes career didn't end because he was never the same player but he still kept on playing.
It seems like he was trying to die roads for playing tough baseball and bowling him over at the plate.
Hey do you have any I don't know what that was supposed to prove.
I don't know either.
Because he's slid I mean remember like it was yesterday they showed up a million times he slid in an octagon flying.
And what's the big deal with that that he was a hard-nosed piece of crap that was the way he played the game.
I've got to happen to Piazza like four times on the brave series.
Right.
Hey do you have the sports page in front of the front panel?
Yes.
Sports section.
All right you got to go to two page 2c right inside of.
Yes sir.
Middle up toward the bottom it says boxing.
Tyson's North Perth remains in limbo.
Right Tyson's purse it's a pink one to understand.
You go all the way down to the last paragraph and look at the name it says meanwhile a sexual battery lawsuit has been settled out of board.
Lady Wattusa G superior court.
One word Lady Wattusa.
Lady Wattusa J.E.
J's superior court complaint against Tyson with schedule go to trial but party settled a matter last Friday.
A sexual battery lawsuit against the female photographer named Lady Wattusa G.
All right.
How you be doing Lady Wattusa?
I'll never understand there are still fans Tyson fans out there that will stand by this guy.
That is correct.
The second coming in I the guy he lost his title in 90.
He just he's a scumbag forget about losing the pedal or nice a scumbag that keeps putting on all these shams in these scams and people keep paying to watch this crap.
I mean I happen to have show time I've got the small vision as part of the package so I turned it on because I'm not spending any extra money to watch it.
It was like I just unbelievable that this stuff happens.
How come on the interview Mike Tyson as a little as he is nobody gets up in front of him and says hey Mike you're trying to be in a scumbag and doing all of these grotesque barbaric unacceptable things.
How come nobody ever says that to him?
Jim Gray wasn't around.
Oh yeah that's right.
So he got war I like I like to see Jim Gray do that Tyson and see Tyson just knock his head off.
Well he got warned by the official during the round about hitting on the break and the official said no more Mike you're going to lose the point.
Right.
And then I turn up at the end of the round.
I mean I quite the Tyson fans are like radar fans.
Other teams have done anything in 15 years.
Very sweet people.
Okay pal thanks.
Have a great day.
How's the Eugene Robinson I mean a radio cannon to.
The guy kept saying that I'm sitting here like what you know what is he talking about who is that.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line we got 400 open lines here again today.
No waiting.
Here's South Miami hello.
South Miami.
Yes South Miami.
Yes sir.
Yes nobody brought up the little fact just think about the national outcry from all the rich golfers if the plane had been going towards a large city and they had to shoot it down.
Yeah oh yeah we were talking about that before the show started this morning it had nervous breakdown.
How come they have been going there and rescue them you know.
Yeah they wouldn't know if they were dead at the time they would just said oh they're the murder dog.
Can you imagine everything that would have been going on.
Yeah I mean even though they were dead how dare they shoot them down.
Exactly.
That's all.
I mean are you upset that pain store is dead.
Doesn't bother me.
Okay thank you.
I mean you know I'm not doing this for the purpose of being insensitive but I just don't understand why this is such a major story.
Why it's on the front page why we've had about 24 hours of continuous coverage about this I don't get it.
He was a golf guy and a good one okay but how about if you would have been a bad one.
How about if you would have been a golf guy that wasn't quite so famous.
The media see it used to be like well you know we don't know is it the chicken in the egg is the media you know molding public opinion or they just reflected that argument is law that's long since over with okay.
The media drags the public around like a bunch of sheep by the nose.
Oh this is very important you better pay attention to this why because we said so.
Oh okay you're right he was real important what was the name.
Four minutes before 11 at 560 WQM.
Ed Caplin knows the scores starting at 10 of the last 10 ends.
We tonight only on 43550 QAF.
WQM.
My heavy horse tail.
Well I hate what the two in on QAF.
I want what they had before these are my kind of guys.
What the hell are they doing anyway.
It's a manly down the dime really.
I want more risk for golf boys real high.
When I listen to the sport a manly voice won't get my attention but we're really good to sit in the shorts.
A squeaky high voice will give me the other action.
Well I hate what the two would argue with you.
I'm going to this here and straight men with voice this high.
Now I'll have to get deeper as that closet is in.
So I'm going to press all the macho's ran.
The check out Chris for a night to help the fans aside.
Yeah there he does have a macho sports guy.
And his voice has a crack.
It's a 12 years old.
Yeah, I'm a little like that.
Yes, Dan, I'm real close to the radio.
And they're going to sit on up there.
Really makes my balls.
Come on.
And that's Rome man.
He's smarter than my infrared brother.
It's 11.0.2 at 5.6 and maybe they can get warrants for Marty on Waffen.
Maybe they'll get the number within.
So here's the big thing in the herald this morning about Barry Jackass.
Barry's beginning is 5th season I heard guilty high preventating about this this morning.
Nice going guilty.
Beginning is 5th season covering the heat including a second is primary beat writer.
Underland the beat part.
A former adjunct professor at the University of Miami.
Oh god.
Oh the pain is so great.
I think the last gallon of flems on the way out now.
Oh my god.
He also covers broadcast sports for the herald and two national publications.
He has broken dozens of stories over the past few years including John Henry's bid to buy the Marlins.
It leaves out the part about Don Smiley bar in the Marlins that was on the front page 500 days and wrote I left that out.
Yeah.
The renaming of Joe Robby Stadium, the wording of MLS and WNB18s to Miami.
Several heat stories and virtually every major local sports broadcasting story like Neil Rogers and asshole and doesn't carry all those press conferences.
Even though the station never had any numbers until I put him on the air.
What's the story with these numbers now?
He's going to go over to kiss and get some.
Why does he have to go over there?
Why can't Bob McCade do it?
He is going to do it but they're finishing their music log.
Three yet.
They're finishing their music log.
Bob McCade is dropping a little log over there now at Kiss.
How do they do by the way?
Do they have any number? Kiss?
No, I never even look at them.
Not usually the four share.
They always have the same guy at the end number because it's the same nose pickers that listen to the shot kicking music yet.
How do they do?
How do they go?
Men 25 54 in the midday?
How do they kiss doing?
What?
I'm just guessing 35.
It's always a 35.
Oh, here it is.
Oh, my God.
A five point.
What?
That's a men.
Men 25 54 in midday.
They're number seven baby.
Drop in from number four with the same number.
I don't get that.
I don't understand that but nevertheless.
They're kicking some serious, they're shot kicking some serious ass over there at Kiss.
They're working on the music log so Bob has to go over there and do it and has to open up the door to tell us I'm going to go over there and get the number.
I'm doing something for you guys.
See this?
I'm doing something.
Yeah, is he doing something?
No.
Besides making up those stupid schedule.
No.
So Barry Jackass who hasn't covered by the way anything that has to do with this radio station.
It was busy running the front page stuff and the Harold about laughing.
A station that nobody can hear and nobody listens to.
They left that out again.
Didn't they?
No.
Huh?
They left it out.
X publicists for Baptist given 21 months in prison.
Oh!
All right.
Tampa, a former publicist for the National Baptist Convention USA, was sentenced on Monday to 21 months in prison for failing to pay taxes.
On more than a half a million dollars she received while working for the group.
Bernice Edwards 42 also must pay 109 grand of the IRS and serve three years of supervised release.
Edwards saw the NASD-US district judge Henry Lee Adams for leniency because she's a single mother to four children including an infant.
Oh my God, those two words are reverberating to my aching brain.
Four?
That's a sterilization.
Huh?
What if the Baptist knew about that before they hired her?
Four sterilization single mother of four including an infant.
I'm very remorseful of the action that I pleaded to and take full responsibility. She said, I don't know how we can make it.
Edwards of Milwaukee faced up to 10 years in prison and a half a million dollars in fines.
The judge ordered that Edwards undergo mental health treatment and not open any new bank accounts or have any open intername.
Edwards was co-defendant in the trial of Reverend Henry Lyons 57, a former director of the Baptist Convention now in prison for embezzling four million dollars in prison.
He's doing business with the organization.
Don't be frustrated.
All right.
Those good old Baptists who are busy trying to tell everybody else that they're going to hell.
I mentioned those Baptists are going to hell. What do you think?
Uh-huh.
Can we have anybody by the way call and tell us why pain store was important yet now?
I'm waiting five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Uh, that's pocket change compared to what Trinity did in a week.
Oh, I know that.
Well, he's got a lot of transmitters to put up.
Listen, a lot of licenses to pay people off for a lot of transmitters to put up.
A guy called you yesterday.
It was my father.
He works for GM specifically works on ignitions and steering columns.
Yeah.
Tell him you about disconnecting the battery.
Right.
I talked to him last night.
He wanted me to give you a message when you get your car back.
I got it back.
You got it back.
Uh-huh.
Did they tell you what they did to it?
He said if they didn't put them replace the ignition switch and the steering column lock that you have the same problem over.
They replaced the steering column lock but not the ignition switch.
Well, he said more likely you have the same problem over and over.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
Are you sure?
I'm positive.
If you listen to you for years, you know, that's what he does for a living.
I'm going to have that problem again.
That's what he said.
If they didn't replace both items.
Oh, I can leave my number with George and you can talk to him personally.
But that's what I wanted to talk to him.
He didn't depress.
I thought it was all done with this crap.
And he said if your car messes up three times the same problem, you can't.
They can't.
They do have to give you your money back or a new car.
But I haven't taken it in.
This is the first time I took it in.
Oh, the first time.
To show you how stupid I am.
Uh-uh.
Because I kept saying it will never happen again.
I don't want to scare you.
Here's what he told me to tell you.
Yeah.
It hasn't happened yet.
But he says there's a possibility you could be going down a highway.
Down the highway.
Yeah.
And that steering column could lock up.
Really?
Yes.
Because you're having that problem.
He said it.
Yeah.
So he wanted you to know that because we want to-
I'm getting rid of it.
I'm not going to- next time I drive it, I'm going to drive it up there to the back where I'm
getting you a 2000.
I'm going to get rid of that thing.
Yeah.
Well, his birthday is next week the same as yours.
Yeah.
I want to tell him happy birthday.
And I was going to send you a magnifying glass where you could go.
I want to find more numbers.
Well, if I had the pages here to find it on, I'd have it for you.
But our program director is on his way over to Kiss Right Now to what Kiss It.
All right.
Thank you.
Thanks for the band to-
Thanks for the warning.
I'm getting rid of it.
All right.
Thank you.
That convinced me.
Okay.
Just like when the tow truck driver showed up there at the gas station, Amico on Sunday night,
and I pulled up over there in my blue event, and I said to him, I said, you see it, always
pay to have a spare when you got a Corvette.
And he looked at me and he kind of went like-
Like that.
Pretty good guy.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So, yes.
By the way, Pizza Loft tonight, 6-8 o'clock.
Well, That will have the best of Neil and all that stuff to see the.
And those keychain buttons.
Yes.
My best close personal friend Bob McKay called and said he's going to facts over what he has
already printed up right now.
Yeah.
As soon as he's done with that log which is what's tying up their computer and printer.
Yeah.
They'll print out a bunch more stuff whatever they have.
That's why his glove got to go over there just to them.
He does have to go over there.
Yeah, I had a little pressure.
Summer.
Well, he's got nothing else to do.
He's got nothing else going on.
What?
No, I know you don't wanna say anything because he's listening in the car right now.
he's probably you know
here and up a little bit my saying this
now he's a guy like that he's a good guy that personal it's business he just
uh...
useless that's not that's bad
that bad would be said that was being exaggeration that the bad word
useless
uh...
i'm gonna say that's a five fifty wq a
there's nothing wrong with our
king
however
i
process
uh...
and
alright
ken
and
I'm gonna go home.
I'm gonna go home.
I'm gonna go home.
I'm gonna go home.
Poor P.D.
He was wondering
why no one ever talked to me.
He was family.
And sketch really.
And he said he was really good.
And he's really good.
I'm gonna go home.
I'm gonna go home.
Should we just go home and see that, or have a meet
sad about that?
The obvious is T into my mind.
A short while ago,
the H.D.
Anthem's a withdrawal
Doge is shaking
Oh C.D.
Well thats B!
She'll wait underneath and find something
She or went straight
Through she can see
one of the
the
the
and
horrendous formatics and as long
long commercial breaks that
even though they're
cumes increasing which means
we have more people listening
their average quarter hour share
is falling dramatically both in
a morning and hank show because
the lack of the list is
it is
windling because people can only
endure so many of those ten
and thirteen-minute breaks you
think that we can expect off to
go toe to toe with Greg Reed
in the way in on this
on behalf of the
on behalf of the talent
using these other go toe to toe
and Greg on it
no come on just do it
five six seven oh five sixty
we got the seventy has been
pretty quiet week here this
week after last last three
weeks have been smoldering this
week we had a calm down a little
bit ok don't overdo it
and what we get that eight hundred
line in by the way
yeah i'm
simply start paying the
for music again well the
erotic you know is getting the
music on power ninety six
that's what i hear
i'm sorry it was a kid career
discover i'm sorry he would know
the god damn a brable all stars
that they come in here and each
stuck their finger with his
back home i'd like it though
each other that uh... on a squeak
five say all of a sudden have a great
five six seven oh five sixty and
huge boobs and pound five sixty
on the eighteen t-watt of slimes what
the kids at
here's a mobile in my any hello
o'neill yes sir
about paying steward yes
very upset
and you want to know why he's an
important guy okay
one not only a great golfer
yeah two great family man uh... three
born again christian most important
oh that's the most important part
definitely uh... why is that
what because uh... you know if aceus like you
dying to play crash on the really tears
uh... how about if you would have been uh...
jewish with a bit of a catholic
i would have been okay man okay thank you
okay that's good i think that's everything we need to know right there in
the nutshell isn't right there in heaven we should be celebrating
no that's what they said they said he's with the lord now that's what is
spokesman said the bill career junior whether the guys may be said uh
we you know he's in a better place he's with the lord it's at her and so on
i wonder what is handy cap is up there
oh nobody five six seven oh five what's her to play golf without a body five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line there you
go from one of those good born again christians baby that's the most
important part he was born again that's why i said if it's an atheist or a
jew or some cat like we are a Buddhist or hindu we don't give a crap if you
croak but if you're good born again christian it could tell just by uh... what
he said there speaks for itself here's a mobile and coral springs hello
how you doing now okay sir i'm just going to tell you why he was a great guy
he was a great guy yeah he was he uh after a couple tournaments that he won in
Orlando he uh... i think i believe it's father died from cancer yeah and uh after
he won two tournaments i think the person was i think four hundred fifty
thousand for each he uh to call that money didn't keep paying for himself and
donated to the care and cancer society and uh
i think what gets lost in the whole fact is uh two weeks ago i believe it was
the media crucified him for what he said i think he made a comment about
about chinese right yeah and uh i think everybody who did that is kind of
shut in their lip right now i mean when he said i just want to be the
artist i know that that all of us american gov is on the run of companies we are
chinese too there you have i you mean that yeah yeah and i think we'd also get
lost in the fact is there was five other people on that plane who nobody kind of
well let me ask you this you remember the seven people that got electrocuted here
in town because of her keen irine and they walked in the water near the
down power line can you name me any of those people
no i couldn't can you think anybody in this audience could name me any i couldn't
name any of those people and there was something maybe they were pretty nice people too
some of our kids there were like three kids in that one family and they're all dead
they might have been a real nice kids for all we know
does anybody know who they were no one say this this idea that because somebody
famous died somebody who was a golfer i mean he didn't change you know i'm sure he
was a very nice guy from everything i'm hearing but he didn't change the course of
human events you know like here's john chaffee even though he was an old guy he was
a governor three times he was the senator for 23 years from Rhode Island
and nobody even knows who the hell he is right and what's wrong with america sir
right and i don't know if you know who the agent who was also on board who
represents us some big name athletes including a couple coaches i think Bill
Carroll is one of his clients for the pitch perch steel is i don't know if that
that gets mentioned too much he was also on the plane well so i haven't heard a word
about it yeah so no like that i guess maybe he wasn't a good guy i guess not
all right nice talking to you and have a great day pal thank you yeah just because somebody is
a celebrity doesn't make their life more meaningful than yours oh my god there's another one of
those crazy things you keep saying Neil you keep saying stuff like that you're going to burn in hell
just because you were a celebrity i mean famous i mean if it's a famous world leader who
affects like millions or billions of people's lives then okay of course it's a tremendous
news story you know when what's his name when uh king Hussein died of course we knew he was
dying anyway he's done like a huge but hungry with his public dying with cancer but when he died
and by most accounts he was a pretty good guy especially in a part of the world where we have a
lot of crazy people a lot of extreme he was a moderate guy never stole a freight train never
stole any halifaz what they tell me and there wasn't anywhere near the cemestive if you pardon
that expression when he died as there was with pain steward died do you think if you went out
there to the day land right now and you asked a hundred people just in random who was king Hussein
of Jordan and they were looking to you and you know and they probably would go like that day land
that's what's there how about the saw grad oh that's the same difference is there any place left
down here no like i said if you went out of homestead
king Hussein what's that what's that that a candy bar
here's a collar and Miami Beach oh Miami Beach hello yes sir uh i killed me off guard i'm an old
kood on Miami Beach that's what it says here old kood and Miami Beach that's exactly what it says
i was surfing last night and i saw a come you were surfing and Miami Beach an old kood
surfing that's the way we like it and i saw a couple of comments from this guy gray saying that he
thought his his questions were timely and pertinent yeah well he's full of crap yeah he'd maybe he could
have been a passenger with mr steward that would have been good in fact maybe he could have replaced him
maybe so god bless you god bless you and have a ground for you for it bye bye thank you there's a good
point maybe he should have been on a plane gym gray okay is there anybody opposed to that no okay let's
let's turn the clock back about 26 hours and uh change the a passenger change the composition in fact
let's just put Jim grander by himself and anybody who's apologizing for him too including uh let's see
who was it they wrote that it was the best interview he ever saw in his life some asshole um
Murray chast baseball writer for the New York Times the best tv interview he's ever seen
Murray you should rot in hell with Jim gray okay you should have been up there and that god damn plane
on that queer alir jet that's right but most of the critics really ripped him an ass
Bob raceman of the new york daily news said it was the case of a reporter trying to become the moment
and make himself bigger than the game feel machnik of the post called it a mugging and the overwhelming
majority of people with a half a brain said to you okay of course Jim Dow the investigator
was 89 investigation led to the ban and that famous dowry port said gray had more guts than any guy
I've ever seen I mean here's the guy that they bring in finally after 10 years they say okay we
know everybody the fans love you but that we have to be goody two shoes we're against gambling
because it makes us look like a bunch of crooks which most of us are anyway and they give him a big
old vision and now we have to analyze the old vision they were really uh they were really cheering
for the martyr Pete Rose not for the athlete that's what Greg Kotex writes anybody believe that
no of course not he was great okay he didn't just get 3000 hits which is like the benchmark
for the greatest baseball but he had 4200 and some odd hits he was a hard nose tough plan
mean as impossible to get out god damn ball player which is what it's supposed to be all about
I mean if you're gonna take all the scumbags out of sports uh okay I guess most sports end
to bar this station will be playing Hungarian melodies on the Friday yeah if you take most of
the scumbags out of sports and then freaking Darryl Strawberry he's got the girl to open up a mouth
and have an opinion on this how come Jim great don't walk up the Darryl Strawberry there
in the Yankee dugout and interview him and say hey Darryl how many times you think how many more
chances you think we're gonna get you crack snorting a piece of turd you scumbag how many more
then of course we all be saying nice calling Jim because you'd have a point
here's a guy who had a gambling problem oh wow I wonder what would happen if Jim
Gray interviewed Ed Kaplan huh talking about a guy with a gambling problem
here's a mobile invoker hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir a couple years ago
speaking about Jim Gray I had the unfortunate pleasure he's an asshole yeah of meeting him I came
up to him you know just out of I don't know just to say hi how you doing I watch MTV I think you
know you do a good job he's like yeah yeah thanks a lot he walks out like he's a star he's got
a star he's a little damn interviewer yeah come on and then he did this or he just wants some
fame big time doesn't he big okay thank you what did he say I wasn't paying any attention oh I
sure hope that Bob McKay isn't dispatching it the same stuff that we got yesterday all over again
because that's what it looks like to me that would be really bad you know and if that's what he's
doing here oh this this place hey there's there's just no hope you know there's just no hope for this
joint they just don't care I've told you that for two years and everybody thinks that I'm joking
that I'm making it up and it's a show material you know oh that's really great show material
yeah I think there's no care they're oblivious to anything that has to do with this business
I think if I stay out for a couple of months they might start curing starting tomorrow maybe
26 after 11 at 5 60 WQN she takes long gatham's I've faith four plus
all right
the way I move around when I go to I cause a mamba movement number two
I'm the toilet seat that we get to the mamba beach the radio play
yeah I'm going out on load and I'll all through the junk ones in I got to do a little bit of
the same birds all I need so I can make my hiding nice and clean
I don't have to push I'm in control when I move inside the side of the toilet
both I never have to spray it comes out hold it looks a little like it to zero I just wait
to the left it's way to the right I see the sea and I'll tell you why I don't see
that's why it's that guy you can't use the exercise you have the fun when they
move in the palm move in number two
hey let me out I'm doing the mamba
I'm going to get away with he's got nothing I'm going to get out
love it 32 at 5 60 WQN we got Hank at the cool cool city of day the vuxier 6 to 8 o'clock
and then we got World Series game number three get it over with already okay please stop the
pain braves at the Yankees 8 to 11 tonight and don't forget pizza love 6 to 8 tonight I'll be
there George will be there Vokobryon will be there if he can get a cab ride and a bunch of others
back to all your Puerto Ricans come by and give George a bunch of cramped tonight in a bag
so anyway I knew Bob McKay I had a feeling Bob McKay would do this right not half as like they do
around here he is fact seeing the entire roofing and here's the first piece of information okay
from in the morning 6 to 10 a.m. I'm looking he's got all the pages on here boys and girls
all the way down to stations that I haven't heard of yet all the way down to WJNO in Palm Beach
which isn't even in this market they're at number 35 they have an average quarter hour share of
of 0.2 is Waffen on there at all no this is the Don I'm a show he bought the farm is he on the list
no did he make it no make the cut no does he show anything no a point one no maybe you're looking
too far down persons 25 to 54 this was a station that was on the front page that Barry Jackass
the award winning highly touted this morning's hero Barry Jackass wrote a 75,000 part series on to
promote Waffen to see if they couldn't suck somebody audience away from us over here did they
show up at all in the morning no I don't know don't see him I'm scouring over here
I mean here's WFV radio FAY here's WNVM with a point nine here's WACC and that that
packs and no spaghetti later whatever that is they got a point six the cat with their
boogie wogie Haitian whatever that stuff is 0.5 WJNA oh that's Reneerie oh boy well that's not
in this market he's got a point three don't buy a house in Palm Beach Mike well I mean maybe
he didn't go up there I hope we like Mike do we like Mike uh-huh yes WFBA I don't know what that
is I have no idea what it is WFBA even they got a point three does WFFN the fan did they show
up at all no well that's way to the midday numbers finish here okay maybe there's two great guys
those two very and oh here they are right here maybe those two very entertaining the funniest guys
in the history of sports talk radio sit in the schlep whatever they are midday maybe they showed
up in here do you think let me take a look down here oh by the way I don't want to mention the
work in suds number do I know huh I mean we still I think you got to I better oh oh
persons 25 to 54 Ricken suds went from the spring book of two point
this time they got a one point one oh boy a one point one okay anyway get in the midday
by the way persons 25 54 we went from a 5.5 to a 5.7 this is persons men and women which
of course we have no one we actually went up but we dropped from number two number four and
guess who's number two where's that music yeah all right this goes back baby only in my
head only in the banana republic baby this one's making a gigantic comeback kill it
thank you yeah they're number two in persons 25 with a 6.3 share anybody buying that no they're
buying the audience okay so let's take a look and see I'm sure that those two very entertaining
Jews in the midday must be getting a big number they're on laughing I mean highly touted by
Barry Jackass and by Tom jick a two that letter he put in there that he made up I don't see him
on the second line I'm looking to wherever he paid here then I'm going to say here's wavs
which I don't even know what that is a point nine some ethnic piece of turd here's wacc with
a point five here's wjno from pombi with a point three wjna with a point two wwf e radyo fey
with a point one and wfba no speaking english I don't know what that was with a point one so they
they got it less than a point one what's less than a point one George
0.00 how do you like that and this is the radio station that Greg read file the lawsuit against
how do you like that he's so concerned oh my god can you imagine the equipment we could have in
here the money is going to waste on that stupid lawsuit a station that's not even on the dial
I've never met one person not one who has ever listened to that radio station not one
zip it e doda the same number of people who had diaries for them none zero
fba was spandish elevator music now it's radio Disney
radyo Disney oh that must be uh right friends by awards nice go on sky you got a point one let's hear it
point one radyo Disney 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 60 do it in the espanyola get a big number okay espanyola
radyo Disney well he used to work at a Mickey Mouse station here's for yeah this one for about a
week here's for a lottery hello hello how you doing yeah sir i'm 20 years old and i've been
looking last few months and i think you the best there is yes i am here and i'm hopefully one day
i like to meet you for forflation you uh-huh like because uh-huh i really think you're a track
track cucumber would be good okay start out with a cucumber practice now maybe a oscar
maruina would be good practice makes perfect 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
22 till noon at qa m this is 5 60 qa f dolphins football sports radio 5 60 q a half i want to bang
in the butt honey
don't you love ill-bratley don't we need bill bratley yes he's more than 60 times uh-huh
place for basketball all right don't you love ill-bratley yeah we need him
bad day he's gonna win the race people of him cause he isn't out for sure did i mention that he
isn't out for sure he played for the next he doesn't borrow sick yeah we love him cause he isn't
out for yes not out for not out for not out for yeah he's not out for I say it one time more
we love bill on mostly cause he's not boring out for score well don't you love ill-bratley
yeah don't you love ill-bratley oh okay it's a 17th of noon at 5 60 WQA and oh here's old
captain bay from somewhere in mobile in the gables hey yeah what's going on oh I have no
weird like I'm on ratings day yeah I'm a little short on cash what is that supposed to mean I'm
a rich bastard don't be fussy though good that's what one here like I said I could use alone
what did you say you called it because you're gonna front me that money that stand owes me
from 20 years ago and you saw it you speak in Russian this digital phone is cutting out yeah
anyway you know how they agree when they're talking about money yes but anyway
so I got a quote for you yeah yeah talking about what crap is about famous people that I'll
about I just ran into this yesterday I thought you would like it just yesterday I read it on my
computer uh-huh Ralph Law their emerson said the fact that some people of celebrities proves how
gullible the rest of us are yeah isn't that a great quote how do you like that yeah Ralph
Law would have 150 years ago uh-huh I bet you he's good and pressed I bet he's real dead yeah
I was just calling to say hey because I hadn't talked to you since October so what do you do
in these days Capri do I'm working at a radio network and I'm looks like I might be a traffic
guy a traffic guy all right all right and I'm acting and uh a voice of her CD out that I was
gonna bring or send you guys one they can send it to us you you told me I could come visit you
anytime I wanted but you are you're almost as uptight and sensitive as rumored
god it's a little joke Captain Dave I wasn't taking a thing say I nothing bothers me anymore I'm
that's good that's excellent and I'm so glad to be right there and play nobody would have given
a crap that I was a Buddhist so what do you think of pain Stewart are you all broken up about this
or what well me and the pilot that's kind of upset me to hear anybody dying in airplane crash yeah
so I'm three weeks away from getting my private my private excellent well maybe you can take Jim
Gray up there for a little test flight over Peeblos shields after all these years of flying and
flying I finally have uh I'm able to take you yeah you were flying that when we were doing a
show on Zaty we're flying most mornings and we didn't even have a plane
hey now well let's tell you one thing I'll give you a little tip right now the one side track you
want to get it back on top disco baby that's the one word you need to know is disco let's try to
select the place those playing disco yeah but you know what what it happened in LA with the same
station and I've been wondering when the working out in Palm Beach I must have get out of all the
one in the country it was funky it was black and it was really really funky yeah and some of the
other ones like the one that suppose we could say wow I just wasn't that impressed with and the one
in Los Angeles it really kicked ass the first year it came out in a year later it was dead in the water
yeah one of those it's like disco itself you know it's a passing fatal be real hot for about five
minutes and you know that's like no one oh three point five be right back in the crosser anyway yeah
screw them I'll just come right at you at some time when you're aboard terminal okay
should I put food what is it should I bring some food no just get you a new phone okay and maybe
we'll talk again someday okay see you they remember rock water amerson okay remember what's his name
Henry David Thoreau that's right or Walt Whitman yeah there you go see yeah I'll talk to him
I'll say goodbye bye bye okay we got 600 open lines after that five six seven oh five
60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line story of my life I sit here and I look at this board I'm
just just oh nauseated by it grossed out by it all these horrendous things going on and then of
course we had the one guy called to tell us why I should be upset that pain store died because he
was a born again Christian not a god in atheist or Jew or Catholic that we're all gonna burn the hell
that's why we should be upset about it don't you just love people like that yeah
five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line I'm going to disco after
afternoon I'm starting playing disco today because I guarantee you we'll get better response
that we're getting here today very weak here's a mobile and deer field hello hello yes sir how you
doing today okay yeah I just like to make a comment well one that that Felicia boy over there
like not about my human stead pal but anyway why is it I said for the Felicia guy over there I
like to then to knock him out for you for a couple of goalscreen reader cup tickets over there I
don't know what that guy's thinking about you shouldn't be calling on a sports talk show that's
for sure isn't the sports talk show sir well talking about sports or whatever anyway this is not
high rated show this isn't the sports talk show this is the new world you're showing out of
sports what I'm going to do is an effort to sports and would be gambling for a peak row left
not sports that's that's human interest okay well that's fine we'll go along with every what you
want to call it but also gambling can be called a business there's a lot of people out here that
you know that liver died by this game and you know peak rows could be one of them it's not a
problem or anything like that it's a bottle to market it's a business it's open seven days a week
24 hours a day it's a multi-billion dollar industry right and you know the man should have
some respect for that and I just wanted to call in support that I don't think it's no major deal
about somebody making a few waiters here they're not saying again he never bet against his own
team it's not like he threw games like the 1919 black socks the collector was a big scandal that
everybody accused him of betting against his team and trying to see that his team lost that
would be a that would be a scandal that probably he'd never be forgiven for but nobody's he never
accused him of doing that exactly he's just into it for the interest of the game and like I
said a business I mean it's just like making a major investment in a stock or anything else
well I wouldn't say that I say he's got a gambling problem what what's the big deal with that there
a lot of people gambling problems are some people with a drinking problem that doesn't mean they throw
them out of sports yeah well yeah there's plenty of problems with people with 20 problems people
with drug problems exactly so he said 85 chances he was out there he was at the in the line-up
the other night he was playing exactly like I said before why didn't Jim Gray forget about
Pete Rosen run over the Yankee dugout and give a grilling to Darryl strawberry he'd got a
standing ovation for that I agree and there you go right on the field as you're looking at it
and Pete Rosen now who would you who would you rather associate with somebody that may have a
little gambling problem or somebody that's a co-caduct I would rather associate with a business man
that's involved in the gambling industry personally as like you said you see Pete rose over at the
pompinal park I sheen up the Palm Beach County Club I think down at the club that's called
there's a bunch of next brains out I see him I see him up at the Gulf Stream Park up there at the
third club I mean he's asking well yes and it's his money so if he wants to lose it like I said
it's his business not Jim Gray's God then business it's it's not his business get cut the guy
some slack already for Christ say he's a human being and ever stole a freight train right put him put
him in the hall of fame right God bless you sir and I'll pray for you businessman is he a
businessman no he's a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line he
just no passion in this town I've said it a million times I'll say it again that guy at least had
some passion nice going pal at least that guy had some strong feelings about something I guarantee
they didn't get any calls from soft floor well I one guy to call yesterday said he called NBC New York
because he was pissed at Jim Gray and the network he's the only one doesn't happen down here
because they're not highly motivated about that it has no there's nothing free in it for him
by the way Pavell Brey better be playing tomorrow night I want how about those maple leaves huh
I'm going Kujo for nothing shut out over wounded Dallas team last night we'll take the two points
thank you looking pretty good we want Pavell back in line up tomorrow against those pathetic islanders
this is going to be real interesting because even at home the islanders don't draw flies and on a
midweek night game Wednesday night mmm hmm looks like Pavell is going to play okay I think I hope just
keep saying that okay maybe some people will show up here's a mobile in North Miami hello
Neil yes sir good morning sir when is to you loves and kisses to you I just wanted to say goodbye
20 years of my life down here you have been an inspiration and I've listened to you almost
every day mm-hmm what I'm leaving and I'm moving where you going well whether I'm too embarrassed to
tell us last Vegas oh well what's wrong with that well I don't know I'm not a degenerate gambler
by any stretch imagination but I do like the dabble and bummer near a businessman like this last
guy I do yes like the last guy no I was I was offered a job out there I'm in the I drive a
limiter and I was offered a job out there and I'm well I would think that'd be a great job but in
Vegas driving a limo with all the big shots and the celebrities out there that would be a great job
be very lucrative I just hope I can stay away from the tables and from the slot machines you won't
you know I won't just do a lot of a phase you know well once again thank you very very much
I'm leaving on the 15th of next month and look me I hope to see out there I'll be at the
Bellagio all right all right best of luck pal thank you sir okay we'll look him up for a limo with
the Bellagio 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello
mobile in Miami hi how are you okay sir hi Neil a couple things this feet resting this is
like sick this guy used to watch him when I was younger he was the greatest baseball player I've
ever seen probably and he didn't set on the game like he said and you know what is an OJ Simpson
in the Hall of Fame yeah okay so should they kick his butt out that's a murder see the football
football you know what I mean you know what I mean I'm gonna play on the guy that you never you never
get on top you know talk to you a week ago but did you hear that thing on it was on the EID network
news that American Airlines there was a EID network and rape on the plane and the FBI came to the
airport tried to stop the plane asked the American Airlines to police stop the plane and they pulled him
no that's I saw that and we talked about and they let the guy go and now they can't find them
so they're gonna get fine so I thought that make you happy to know that American Airlines
gonna be hit with some major fall he's probably working as a ramp right over in my A right now
oh yeah probably put your hand grenade on the triple the flight to the second okay pal have a
real life whatever you say okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line 4,500 open lines here today again no waiting real deadly week you can see it's gonna be this
way all week long can't you you can just feel it you can smell it in this town they go through these
cycles no matter what the hell it is all I'm asking is a very simple question why should we care
here about painstores that other than you know it's unfortunate when somebody dies before their
time maybe it was his time that's what the religious nuts always tell us god it was his time
so why should we be sad about it then here's a mobile in western hello hi Neil yes sir I got
a your two topics today I agree with one and disagree with the other the first is Jim Gray that
a balding turd who's never I don't know what he's ever done you know never put his you know
is asked on the line and never a hard nose nothing
to ask those questions of key roads which we've already been over it you know this is not
something that happened two weeks ago right he should have stuck that microphone in his you know what
back down yeah and I mean Gerald strawberries on the bench who does blow and she thought his wife
Jay howl and ex Yankee had about eight chances and his drugs all the time George Steinbrenner
got banned from baseball he's back in everybody's forgetting yeah except him but what I do disagree
about is the painstored I mean it is disagree about what I said it's you and your producer George
that went down on a flight yeah what would the story in the herald be about George's career and
it would be about you that he started his career down here and it ran for several years and he was
successful radio celebrity I mean no offense to George but the story wouldn't be about him yeah it
would because you have more no notoriety so I mean to save it I think there would be a little bit
more about him than there was about the other four or five people that died on his plane there was
like nothing yeah I mean they they mentioned their name but what do you want them to you want to run
the cover of USA today on Joe Smith who you know is well how about the local papers given us a
little more information on the people that died in Hurricane Irene the people that got the
electrocuted yeah people die every day and I mean it doesn't it I well aren't they important
yes but even a important people like you said I mean if Clinton went down in you uh yeah
that's a big story of course no but it would it's what's it gonna affect that's at least
comnellities it wouldn't affect anyone you think it's the economy's all of a sudden you know
head down uh so in other words you don't you don't see the difference between the president of
the United States getting killed in the plane crash and uh a golfer yes I do but I'm saying they're both
figures that people know I mean not everyone of course knows things do it I have to let me
answer this the pain store and have his finger on the goddamn button that could blow up the whole
world you think that he's got a thumb on it no honey come on you're are we in the cold war still
so that's not the point the point is he didn't didn't we just find out that uh you know the
Koreans are uh testing nuclear weapons and goddamn Pakistan get out of here pal your your
bugging your driving me nuts so there you go pain store for president uh Tulate dammit he'd
have been good I like that outfit only one South Florida radio station has the Alice and your
heart listing to it at golfer weekday afternoons at two sports radio 560 q a m
with a gas in a day jack song
and someone that we couldn't do with song
do you know that was a dumbass I like to just invite you to start the rents my thousand time
the event I eat eights in an on one lake this is summer it is summer my bike's like a
ever-diving event the moment makes me age the heat in the songs that is done they make dumbass
scratch my butt with a male file hit the knowing like surrounding type people always sit on the
man the pale my behind the snake of the deal a weird cut the green underneath my eye late that's
only better just know truth I'm okay don't think it's like a dog if he took it has ready everything's
to eat nothing different baby just the other day I got a cane because so do you think build
rather can't beat outdoors I think the first rhyme that comes to my head I'm a big stand on right
best friend I think email on my brand new computer people who drive to work are committed to the other
white me instead of knowing that for this song it's all like a story I keep
a little bit of it so many of my friends believe it's this it's the most important
what I wrote this song so it's a bummer I'm not a bummer I'm a boy I did say I'm a girl
of these days you can see it was a real thing you're fun that's much more diving than I'm out there
can they sing or what those guys no not a lick it's a 12.02.5.68 when you get a lick for me I'll
anyway so I'm looking here these numbers thank you Bob the K by the way and they could have told
crying what's his name they're crying bluff to save the trip at least you know it looks good
like he's doing something so I'm looking here let's see men 2554 this is the entire week I'm on
the last page do I see wafn on here anywhere no wfba again which is that Mickey Mouse station they
got a point three share in men that's it that's the bottom no I see no oh but by the way here's
a good nose we found out the babbling brook persons 25 to 54 when the afternoon in the spring
book she had a 1.2 in the summer rating book the babbling brook has got a zero point in a
point nine nice gods we are I punish you can bring them under a one 50,000 watts they got a 1.1
in a morning at a point nine in the afternoon in people 20 in our target demographic persons 25 to 54
all I can say is oh my god wow I'm trying I'm getting so tired of seeing this every time six seven
lines lit up we go into the break in the year then there are one then there are two it just
this audience has got no patience god damn it they got it they got important stuff going on
there do I believe that no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello hey Neil yes sir
you don't think I'll tell you about a piece to it you know every time you want to drop
to him and he was one of these born-again guys it's all you talked about with Jesus okay yeah
but when they interviewed him but when they interviewed him you know once will they interview a star
if they come in second they usually do it once while they will he never talked about how Jesus
helped him come second you know he only had told my help him coming first uh huh I don't
I don't understand that do you know you know I'm saying so let me say he used up all to say this
is uh for the flight yesterday pretty sad that when a born-again Christian dies you know but you
don't say he never these guys never if you see the football whatever all they do is talk about
like if they win if they lose they never talk about it right they never bring it up how Jesus didn't
help them come second or lose or whatever uh huh that's what it bothers me you know the revolution
really has nothing to do I'll come to God that doesn't get beat to it doesn't say well god damn God
you know I know but you treat but do you agree you know I'm saying they don't talk about it that's
correct they don't bring it up so you like Jackie Mason he's okay for an award he's on he's coming
to town in 10 days the comedy club my only okay I can't wait have a good time see you bye bye yeah he was
okay about a hundred years ago Jackie Mason he's still doing that same old type stick and his TV show
was on about five hundred five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Rival Slime
doesn't the catch their fancy day into this stuff about pain Stewart about Pete Rose about Jim Gray
about all the other eight million things that I talked about here today including the Baptist
Dealer in the money oh by the way here's the good news Broward may lure the Latin Grammy Awards
because after all we can't have no Cuban performers in Dade County that's right and Michael
Green president and CEO of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences said in Los Angeles
last week we will not hold a Latin Grammy show where Cuban artists cannot perform so that leaves a
Miami uh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so maybe they'll wind up in Broward or somewhere else maybe
in LA but certainly not in Miami no no say Abel English are key
they you're right though I can understand why nobody talks about that because it's hopeless and
what's the point it's a banana republic it's run by a bunch of crooks and there's nothing we can do
about it except when they do try to put one over under public like that election last July we just
make sure everybody goes out and votes no and then of course when Mayor penis has to run again
they'll all vote no to him too get somebody else some other crook in there nice going babbling brook
grams with crook a 0.9 out of 50 pounds a month I guarantee you I could have my little dog farting
in there for four hours and get a bigger number than that I guarantee it oh here's Larry Brooks
old producer what the f here I am how you doing Larry I think pussy that's me what is it
manic I don't know what you call me manic pussy and that would that hurt you you to call me
I don't even know who you are manic manic Larry Larry Baker's a Brooks former producer I have no
idea who you are Larry I ever met you do I know you I don't even know who you are exactly so how
could I have called you anything I just called to uh to rejoice yeah open up the old dump
are you celebrating a bean out of that station or just a grade 0.9 share that brook had in the
summer book combinations of course it's your fault you do realize that Larry every time she's
got a crappy book which has been every time she's been in the market it's always the producers fall
if you would have just lined up some good topics and some good guests and give it her some food for
thought in some more better wax she doesn't need any extra food for thought of you know what I mean
obviously yeah but uh yet's my fault too she said the f word right yeah now was that was that a
set up thing was that like you know going out of set up thing at all yeah I was just well what
kind of a bitch goes on a year and says that man doesn't dump herself she didn't realize she said it
this she didn't what kind of a station let her back on the air the very next day after she didn't
even realize she could do something like that didn't even get suspended not even suspended not even
a slap on the big fat ass yeah oh my god rectum huh so anyway I just believe the margin of
error according to arbitrage is like a a 0.80 so even a mistake could get a 0.8 right or that's
correct that is absolutely correct so probably if you subtract the mistake she's got a 0.1
she was very supportive throughout the whole issue obviously yeah I think I got to call
to say how you doing uh call me at the radio stage so how are they doing over there at the
queer channel by the way it's a mess it's it's all it's all syndication yeah and uh you know
working for the anti-Christ over there Dave Roth uh don't leave people to rob right all people
now who was it that far he was it her was it people to the first uh I got suspended by
people to and then officially terminated for talking to the press by uh the interview this Dave
uh Ross oh oh by Dave Ross himself wow that's something you can write in their Mars and during
the meeting he had with me the oh he uh he he wanted to know why originally when Brooks said
the f-word why I tried to make up a white lie is to possibly that she might have dumped the uh the
word uh he said why would you do that why would you you know make up a lie to management as a
Dave you've spent your entire career lying to everybody that's how you got where you are right
you should understand I was protecting her big fat ass that's what I was trying to do
underlying fat ass part yeah right but you didn't understand that yeah well congratulations
Larry it's always all the people that get out of queer channel they generally go and have a big
party I think you should be in there time I would imagine that uh you know I don't understand how
she's down to by the way one life endorsement for shows she used to have 12 oh hey well not too
many people want to show that's got an invisible audience I would you spend it because they chart
$7,000 for a 13-week contract why would you spend your money on a show that has a point nine yeah
exactly good point well listen Larry best of luck you and congratulations thank you Neil yeah
our on uh restricted support that's a lot to you too we'll need it thanks okay there you go
that's Brooks old producer he said he's a fat bitch that makes it and sick to his stomach is what
he said and a no talent slut nobody just said uh nothing like that and she'd only croak pretty
sure he said that and he said he wished it was her up in a plane instead of poor pain stored
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight in fact Hank says we don't want her
up in that plane we have a vested interest in her continued good health it's 1109 here at QAM
this is five sixty QAM the sports leader
sports radio five sixty QAM this station stands for nothing
isn't
a
stock
Chris
But this is not true, the day just trying to Baz
Paz, honest, face me
the probability it goes down
but we can't talk about this
Unmeye, paz.
Unmeye, unfortunately
let's get up now
goodbye
For this God's sake
let's eat meat
for this was not a show
Gosh
Silver
Hey
Hi
Oh
Okay
Oh
From 15 to 5 60 WQ AM
So silly me and I should have realized that being a sports station with fn w a f
Ender older going to show up not in the persons because that's men and women not gonna have any women
We have the women here on the show
So you look for men
Like 2554
There you go 10 a.m. The 3 p.m. W a f. N. Do they show up in the book men 25 to 54 the answer is low
Wow
Okay, 3 to 7 p.m. Come on
W a f. N. The sports intensive station with front page stories by Barry Jackass and the full way to the hero behind
They show up if you can have more than a point one no
Wow
I'm trying for him. I'm looking but anyway then looking 3 to 7 I do see under men
I see the book Daniel's story continues Larry. I'll be happy to hear these numbers. Where the hell is that?
Jesus wait on there on that page
Where the hell is it Jesus Christ?
Brooke where does she's vanished from?
Way way down there 3 to 7 p.m. Come on sweetheart. You can do it
She's beaten up by station that have side off the year already
Wow
100 WDR and are she sure is holding on that page?
Where is W on by the way caustic note here a little caustic note on the page that we got from the afternoon then 25 to 54
I don't think that was not listening right now you might go in and punch bomb case lights out knock his liver off anyway
Yeah, he's circled bomb a case circles on the page there oops
The fact that yeah oops the fact that kiss at a 5.2 and men in 3 to 7 p.m. Hank at a 4.9
The only difference being Hank is non 3 to 70's on 2 to 6 and I'm sure he had more than a 5.2 from 2 to 6
Right there you go. He probably edge job
Nice try their Bob you can't fool the little the kid are like me. So where the hell is she 3 to 7 p.m. men
25 54 where is this goddamn bitch?
God almighty where are you? Are you in hiding now? I would be two with a number like that sweetheart
If I miss place to God damn thing 2.5 1.2 1.2
Here it is
No, that's not it. I'll find it. I'll eventually get to it. Oh
Here it is in the winner book book Daniels men 25 to 54 had a 1.9 in the spring books. She had a 1.7 in the summer books. He's got
a 0.9
Dropping from a 1.7 which am much to a 0.9 is like losing 50% of the audience of the share
Pied for 20 turd in the market you turd exactly
Wow 50,000 watts of pure unadulterated crap
Nice going sweetheart
And let's just say if you too honey
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line pretty weak bunch of calls here today
Pumping these numbers pump it pump it even an amico the other night when my car wouldn't start
I was pump it as much as this it's pretty weak today and
Yesterday too
We're taking a little rest here's Coral Springs. Hello. That's really nice, huh?
Hello, what's nice?
What are we missing out on here?
My little my seven year old just walked in and he won it was just came from the Broward
Commissions meeting and they won the number one
Pome for the Everett blade nice going pali
Seven years old give him a pat on the head for us. Yeah, I will
Don't be a smart ass
I want to tell you that they yeah, what was I hold and you say people are hold on for you say your listeners
Don't know this gentleman held on for 23 and a half minutes God bless you sir
Thank you so much. You're about the only guy that cares enough now these people all of a sudden the last year or so they got real busy
You know that me nail on the hanger owner pal good for you
This paint store thing. Yeah, I'm out there this old bony again Christian stuff to everything
Yes, that's not why you know why because he get he gave back. That's why yeah
He did a lady did a lot of charity work and just like you
What do you think when something happens to you in another 50 years? You think people aren't gonna miss you
You give back. No, it's not a question missing me, but I don't think it'll be on the front
You give back it'll be on CNN you give back you get the community something. I mean you take
Yeah, and give back and that's what this guy did take a lot give a little take a lot
Well, I take a little give a lot. Oh, well, that's right. I don't know if I take any I don't know if I get any
but I think that's the biggest reason
Wild miss him not because he's a great guy for a great. I mean, he was a great is a nice person
Yeah, I bet you John Chafee the senator who died yesterday from Rhode Island. I bet she was pretty nice
Sure, I hear and I don't think I don't but nobody that I went there were like 10 words about him
I'm the news all day long. I got playing it was a painstored this all day long
But you know you mentioned the seven kids and why they don't make a big deal out of that yeah, I think they don't make a big deal
I think they're embarrassed who came on before those kids died and said don't walk in puddles because there's live wires
Nobody that's right
One stage came on and said that we were gonna have massive flooding and if people would be without power
For like maybe two days and you know the guy your call is a couple of them were beating up Don know
Don knows the first one who said that the tale of the thing look like when it was down
By Cuba said that the tale of thing looks like it's going east. Yeah, so you know
You know that then you get 20
I'm saying the guy killed time say that right. That's right. I mean, I wasn't here. Thank God. I got to out of here
I must have five acres and you know what you always take it was smarter than the rest. That's right and I am
Okay, pal have a great. I know you're so much for hanging up. God bless you. I'll pray for us
Okay, there's a guy to wait at 23 and a half minutes just for the privilege of coming on here and saying a few words good guy
Got a bright little kid there
Where's to these people look at that? Oh every line was looked there for about two seconds, right?
They just won't wait again
Now you know, it's gonna it's gonna come to the time in about three months when I hang it up and your people are gonna be oh
Gee, I wish I could have stuck the needle before he retired and about a month and a half
Won't be at the pizza loft tonight six days a clock and based on this response I'm getting here today. We should have a real
turnout
You know what I'm saying two or three
Stragories the guy with the eyes will be there. Oh, oh don't say that. No, please guy with the eyes. We don't want to see you
We don't want to see you are no he doesn't need to be there. He was already at the saw grass. Okay. He already got his stuff
He already did his thing. We don't want to know. We don't want to see him
We don't want to see him. You know who else we don't want to see tonight
That's that's it and the guy with a fanny pack. We don't want to see him for the kid
Block then we definitely don't want to see him unless he brushes his teeth
Now we don't want to see him which is their girlfriend. No, definitely don't want to see that whatever that was
No, we want to see some new and different people
You know would be nice and by the way if you bought the best of any have a defective CD
Which if you bought the original day you do probably do you can take it back to where you bought it?
Especially you can bring it by tonight. We'll swap it for you and say hello again
You know I'm saying Jacob maybe Jay now. Let's make a list of the people that we do want to come by tonight like Jacob
And like Jacob and like Jacob and that blog with a tan and the blonde guy with a tan as well the blonde girl with the
The blonde guy with a tan. I don't know
You can have the blonde girl with a tan. I'll take the blonde guy with a tan and the guy who's the fight packing guy you can come by again
And by the way the kid that called before like I said practice on a button mushroom. Okay, it'll be closer to the truth
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the yeah, he maybe can write us out a biography. I feel a little to button mushroom
Here's a mobile and Tady hello
Hello, yes, sir
In regards to the feed rows interview by Gray. Yes, sir
When you
Don't like someone and you're against them you put your backbone on the line and stayed it over the air
I want to see how many people in sports in all different sports will be will refuse to have an interview
By Gray and if that takes place I inside of a month he'd be out of a job good, then that should happen
They should all just say no to Jim Gray because like so many people have said there have been a he's given a
Pete Rose has been interviewed by him a million times
There's a time and a place for those kind of questions in that kind of discussion
This was neither the time of the place and anybody with a half a brain knew that it didn't even have to be brought up on education
This wasn't the time to be bringing that up. This was a celebration
This was a special event the fans were into it. They were excited to see him there
There was no reason to have to beat him over the head with us again
He's already beaten up 50 million times with this right
Besides me, I sit about 12
12 feet behind you at the hockey games and I and lots of luck to you and let's hope pop-ups playing tomorrow night
I doubt it they've been stringing us along every game
In fact it's ridiculous. Yeah, I know it's you starting to have that feeling, aren't you?
Thank you and have a great day. Yeah, see a lot of us are starting to believe I don't want to accuse the organization of trying to lead us down to garden path
But it would be nice to know for sure and of course they keep saying well only pop-up knows when he'll be back
You know for 10 million year it'll be nice for you to tell us if you're going to be back
So a lot of people who otherwise might not show up there tomorrow night
We'd like to be there and see the most exciting player in the world
But we'd like to know if he's going to be back
He practiced yesterday. He skated like the wind great. That sounds promising
We want to know is he going to play tomorrow night? Inquiring minds want to know before they win their tangible
very expensive support
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless lines
They don't like a lot of these things that that's over the years that I'm glad I always bring these things up things that make people very uncomfortable
Like about why guys in sports pat each other on the ass and why they can do that why didn't do that?
You know, it's a faggy thing they won't talk about that like a fraternity thing
And like this thing about celebrities when celebrities die whether it's sports celebrities or
Hollywood celebrities when they die it's a big song events
It's on the front page when people are probably contributed to hell of a lot more to society like senator chafi when they die
It's like who cares
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Big report. Yes, sir
North Park Road of a dream job to street and Sheridan
Two pigs on a motorbike. Okay, thanks pal
There you go four warned is four armed
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's just the desperate last couple days. I mean what am I going to do? I guess a little music might
It's a kid's worry on our 96. Hi, Scott pop get jury. He got a sub honest
Let's hear it for the kid
Yeah, like I said he wouldn't know the goddamn Bravo all stars from what you poop it
26 past known as 560 WQF
The Neil Roger show sports radio 560
QA
Want a lollipop little boy
Yes
Sports sports
Fact
Do
His
If your clothes are geysers, I'm gonna hold you down like a dude in fish.
Thinking of a fake road love is bad.
You don't leave out the film, can you tell where it is?
And go, and go, and go, and go, and go, and go, and go.
The girls are kind of listening, fat guys.
You know how to make the boldest rise.
That's the taste of the shouting of the house.
We would leave the skis falling on the tower.
And go, and go, and go, and go, and go, and go, and go, and go.
Okay, 12.32 at 5.16 WDQAM.
Take a look at this.
Do you see what's number one, 12 plus the overall audience in the morning in this market?
Radio Amor.
See, that's why I don't understand how we do this.
We're up against all this ethnic craft, and we're still kicking ass.
Can't get any calls, but we're still kicking ass.
Of course, it's been that way for 23 years.
While you're so intimidating, the old nobody, they don't have the balls to talk to you, to argue with you,
because you make so much sense, and because you're so macho.
Yeah, they're afraid of an old fag like me.
How do you like that?
They're too intimidated, because they're much of pussy's.
Well, you know, he was a born again Christian at Painstore at UAE APS.
You're going to burn hell.
Yeah.
5.670560.
Why tell you one thing?
We're sure we wasted a lot of good facts paper.
Nice call, and Bob McKay.
KISS had a good book.
That must be why he's in such a generous mood to help us out, because he knows how inept we are over here.
Man, look at that.
I got about 600 pages in this scrap right now, most of which I didn't really need.
But I'm scouring.
It's good that I have every page, because I'm looking at each and every page.
I'm looking high.
I'm looking low for WAFN.
That got a front page story by Barry Jack Asshon-Herald.
What a big competitor they were going to be for QAM.
Are they on here anywhere?
No.
They went on in August with that sports format, which means two thirds of this book, two out of the three months they were on there.
So if they had anything, they'd have a fraction, they'd have something.
Is there anything on here to indicate they're even on the year?
No.
That's the kind of competition we love.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, I am.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Then the truth is the fact that Tiger Woods was on that plane too, or is that just...
Yeah.
Yeah, Tiger Woods, I play it.
Oh, God.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
He's taking up space.
He's breathing.
He's taking up space.
So what do you say?
Let's fertilize some eggs, huh?
You want to fertilize some...
Huh?
Some good-looking eggs or some ugly, uh, people's eggs?
I still say, I mean, how about somebody with a brain?
How about somebody who looks good and is also smart?
There are such people.
Believe me.
People who actually look good and who have an IQ bigger than their thumbnail.
The, you know, the prospect of this whole thing.
Let's procreate.
Let's reproduce the human race on the Internet.
Let's sterilize everybody else.
And we'll just, you know, further the human race on the Internet.
We'll be real picky and real choosy.
I get to pick by the way.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello?
Neil, what's going on?
I got to say about Pete Rose and Jim Gray.
I think Jim Gray gave Pete Rose an opportunity to not maybe
say I admitted gambling or just say maybe I made a mistake.
You got to look kind of look at it that way and...
No, you don't have to look at it that way.
He's going to continue denying it.
He's already asking the question eight million times.
You know, to me, Pete Rose, you know, look, he was a great player.
We all loved him as a player, but he's a degenerate gamble like fat head tankalberg.
No, so what about it?
All right.
He wasn't there for their gambling.
It wasn't a casino last night.
It was the World Series today.
I know.
I know.
There were celebrating the best baseball players of all time.
The point, the point that you made about...
Does that make him less than a baseball player?
No, it does it, but you're right about where he took the time and the place to ask Pete Rose about it.
And over and over again.
When he didn't come the first time, that would get him move on to something else.
You think he rose as closer now to the whole of him, closer to Jim Gray?
No.
All right.
And let me ask you, so who cares?
What difference does it make?
The only difference it makes is that it's no Bradley going to be our president.
Yeah.
I hope so.
I don't know.
The polls aren't looking good now.
Gore is starting to pull away again.
Oh, I love you.
Okay, see.
Gore is starting to pull away a big lead yesterday.
This said.
Five, I have no idea.
Maybe actually he ran over and shook somebody's hand at one appearance.
And the fact that he was motivated enough to actually run a few yards.
Maybe that indicated he's actually still alive.
And it's, oh yeah, Al Gore is still alive.
Maybe we'll hope for him.
Like this reform party, boy.
Not Donald Trump.
Pat, I never met an Nazi I didn't like Buchanan.
Ross P. Row was a big year.
And of course our buddy Jesse, who unfortunately, you know, we had great hopes there.
He left it about five minutes.
It's like everything else, you know.
You think the size come along turns out to be another figure.
Here's a mobile-informed Meyer.
Hello?
Yeah, hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
Hey, I just wanted to call about some great P. Row's situation.
I was telling you that really Jim Gray's objective there was obviously the better his career.
But I just wanted to get your take on the whole thing, your wealth book and gentlemen.
I just can't understand baseball still off the roads of the P. Row's.
You know, they can let a courty-how back in and a Darryl strawberry.
And you know, it was proven for one understand.
Courty-how?
Not courty-how, he's not a player.
He's a FD pal.
But anyway, it was proven also, I believe you can listen directly,
that Steinbrader had ties to the mob.
And you know, they let him back in.
So, I mean, I don't think I'm 28 years old, and I don't think if I let it be 90,
we'll ever see anyone else ever get 4,000 hits in baseball.
Correct, that's absolutely correct.
And I just think it's complete falsy for them to be pointing this out the way they are.
When you get your take on the job.
You can do it a butt sealer like that.
The Commissioner of baseball is a major asshole.
And the Hall of Fame should be for accomplishment on the field,
not for whether the guy was a scumbag or not off the field.
You have nothing to do with it.
Well, just because he's a gambler doesn't make him a scumbag.
I mean, I don't agree.
And I don't see anybody saying because OJ Simpson murdered two people,
they should take him out of the football Hall of Fame.
And what's one thing got to do with the other?
Yeah, this is true.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks, Bill.
Scrooge and Gray.
Have a great day, pal.
You as well.
Yeah, let's put you in gray up there in a goddamn little jet, huh?
Just for a couple of minutes.
5, 6, 7, 8.
So the report from the rinkies that Pavel Brey may play tomorrow night is the game time decision.
The big sparts are Peter Rural.
It looks like probably will play right ahead.
It can won't play Ray Whitney.
You'll play there.
You're going, I just go on.
Ray.
That's my man.
What are you having for lunch today?
By the way, speaking of Ray Whitney.
What an embarrassment.
What a joke.
I'm not a broad.
A beauty queen.
They all are great.
They won't forget it.
They're dating, I think.
I think they're going to be a couple of days.
I think they're going to be a couple of days.
I think they're going to be a couple of days.
No.
They're going to be a couple of days.
They're going to be a couple of days.
They're going to be a couple of days.
They're going to be a couple of days.
They're going to be a couple of days.
Can you hear that?
They're going to be a couple of days.
I'm going to be a couple of days.
I'm going to be a couple of days.
I'm going to be a couple of days.
I agree with everything people were saying about Pete Rose, etc.
The only thing I don't get is that why Pete kept hanging on to the fact that he said he never met on baseball.
He said he never met on baseball.
He said he never met on baseball.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I don't think Jeff put any polydent on the table.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
Oh boy.
It's the one to two hours.
Oh boy.
It's the one to two hours.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
