Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
We've talked to Neil called 5600560 toll free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is guest.
What do you think is your budget by the way to show what I felt they did?
They literally reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or as a easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
This station stands for nothing.
What a joke.
What an embarrassment.
Who the f*** is that?
Well, she's got no place to stay and then she put up with it.
One night stands out.
And she forgot about the map.
Who is he?
This is the dick and seat now.
Outrageous.
And that's you, Amy York.
He got it till he wants to rotate and seat now.
And she built a run run.
And she was able to tell if they don't weigh.
And when she was doing this, she was still.
Well, she thought all of a mom that can start with getting one turn down.
And now she had this aside.
And she figured it was fine.
And she was thinking, this is a real stop.
She knew that I had to keep talking to that.
But that's not in the UK.
That's you looking for support.
Go now.
I know you should.
And I will run, run, run.
And she will go to tell if they don't weigh.
And she will run, run, run.
And she will go to tell if they don't weigh.
I kind of wanted 560 WQAM happy Tuesday, too.
Boy, we got some interesting stuff.
First of all, like I said, people, you're still an asshole.
The inside word is that this inside facts that we got yesterday,
the memo from Stupid Talk, that it was a setup job.
That they sent it over to us so that I would read it on the air.
Well, guess what?
I hate to break the news to you, Pete.
It was in the newspaper.
How do you like that?
In addition to which we had the Phil Henry thing here on Friday.
Are you sure?
Yeah, before anybody else, including all your people inside the building.
So you can laugh over there all you want, Pete, sweetie.
But the fact is everybody else is laughing up their ass.
At the tremendous amount of local talent you're putting on here.
All the big winners like Jim Rowe.
You know, I talked to 600 sports nerds since I left here yesterday.
And every single one of them said, you know, Jim Rowe?
He's an asshole.
He blows.
He blows.
He's the Steve Kane of Sports Talk Radio.
Condescward can drive controversy.
Screaming and yelling and carrying on about nothing.
I got a great idea for you, Pete.
In fact, if you really want to compete, here's the deal.
Since you're putting all your regular ones on basketball,
why not just play the Phil Henry tapes eight times a day?
Huh?
Eight times three?
That looks like 24 hours to me.
There you go.
Shouldn't have given him that idea.
It might just happen, you know?
Oh, God.
So before I go on here, I'm going to be talking about all day today.
And I do mean all day.
This is one of the most bizarre.
And of course it came from a very bizarre guy.
Peter Leonard.
You know Peter Leonard?
Yeah.
Yeah, we all know Peter Leonard.
One of our sales holes, by the way, if you don't know who he is,
whose skin looks like shoe leather on a bad day,
who looks like a cigar store Indian that's been out in the sun for 6000 years,
a certifiable crazy person.
Peter Leonard from Arc, QAM Sales Department.
So I'm in here this morning talking with our program director, Bluff Lindsay,
unloading five million ideas on him.
I'm loading lots and lots of speutum.
I guess it'd be a good way to put it after a psychotic day yesterday.
And Peter Leonard walks in there, hey, what's going on?
What's going on?
With that usual psychotic obnoxious disgusting approach of his,
that's just part of his obnoxious disgusting personality.
And puts an envelope down on the counter over here to my right.
Well, as I'm talking to Bluff, I open up the envelope,
not having any idea what's inside.
And I see there's a letter and there's also a photograph.
There's a picture of Peter's two young kids, Maggie and Max.
I'm going to read the letter on the air because I don't want to embarrass a potential sponsor.
I won't read the name of the sponsor on the air,
but this will give you an idea of what it's all about here at QAM.
This is, I'm saving this for my crap book.
I will never ever let this out of my sight.
And what have I told you?
Every single day of my life that I come in here,
I see and experience things that nobody in the radio business has ever dreamed of,
much less experience before, has ever dreamed could possibly happen.
Have you ever seen a letter like this?
No.
I've been told it to some of the other salespeople and they looked at it and went,
like that.
Here's what the letter from Peter Letter says,
and keep in mind here's a picture of his two young kids.
In with the letter.
Dear Uncle Neil, how are you?
We really like your radio show.
Our daddy says that you are funny.
Our mommy thinks you're vulgar, but she's stupid and typical bitch.
Anyway, Uncle Neil, our dad was having a nightmare last night,
and we heard him crying and pleading in the sleep.
He mentioned your name in regards to seeing the...
...account.
Daddy was saying something about losing a lot of commission if you don't visit the guy's door for five minutes.
We don't know what commission is, but mommy says that daddy doesn't get laid without it.
As a matter of fact, we don't know what laid means either, but we think it's a good thing.
Would you please go see the store just once?
No.
Daddy said he would get a limo to pick you up and bring you back.
No.
Because you'll have a lot of free products to take home.
The guy will sign an annual deal at $250 a spot plus a $25 talent fee for you.
$125 a week times 52 is a lot of shackles plus it'll get mommy off daddy's back and under hers.
Let us know if you're willing to do this.
No.
Our dad is no Todd Dreck, but he's a good guy and will kiss your ass forever if you do this one favor.
No.
Again, $6,500 in your pocket, free...
...stuff, a limo right up to Boka and back, and a couple of new best friends, us.
Thank you Uncle Neal, love, Maggie and Max Leonard.
No.
No.
No.
One more time.
No.
Thank you.
No chance.
I don't go to Boka to see clients, okay, especially when clients are clients who selling stuff in a box, in a can, on shelves.
Do you know what I'm saying?
You follow what I'm talking about?
No.
I don't get in limo as to go to Boka.
I don't get in my car to go to.
I certainly wouldn't get in Peter Leonard's car to go anywhere.
I would get in Peter Leonard's car to go from here to Chuck Subbs across the street.
God forbid.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, no thanks.
No, thank you.
This is the most psychotic, neurotic letter.
Even the hate mail, even all the stuff that comes in a fax machine all the years that I've been on here, nothing even comes close to this.
This is the work of a truly delusional human being.
Crazy person.
But you know something?
We specialize in crazy people around here at Q&A.
That's our specialty.
That's what this place is all about.
Crazy people.
You know, I've told you this before.
Every place you work.
I know you're a lot of you out there.
Most of you work for a living.
And anywhere you've worked, there's always one, two, three, stomach-centric people, bizarre people, some assholes, people that just, you know, you look at them and you just think, you're not going anywhere near them.
No matter where you work.
And that's part of life.
But in this place, we've got a whole team of them.
Maybe because we're the sports station, we have enough to fill out.
And we're not talking of baseball team.
We're talking of football teams worth of bizarre, weird, strange, unacceptable people, subhuman assholes.
And of course there would be those people who say, well, maybe it's you, Neil.
I don't think so.
Because I've worked in too many other places with too many different people.
It's got along with most of them.
Some of them like me, some of them were in difference, some of them hated me like Poison.
But got along with most of them.
Spoked to most of them.
Spoked to virtually all of them.
But in this building, as time goes on, it's now a couple of days.
October 1 will be two years.
In almost every week that goes by, I'm finding my list is growing.
Of people that I don't ever want to see again.
I don't want to speak to.
By the way, great show yesterday, Hank.
Roy!
Nice job, Hank, Humber.
Hank was great yesterday.
Only as I was listening to Hank, I discovered a whole lot more things about this.
OJ, business that I wasn't even aware of.
And the steam was coming out of my ears as I heard more and more about this crap.
That we work inside no matter what it is that we bring into this place, ratings, money, whatever it is, means for nothing.
That accounts for nothing.
Because again, if you're not part of the first and the fives, then you don't count for anything in this place.
I've told you that for a long time, people think, oh, Daniel, sir, it's funny, you know?
That's a joke.
Not a joke, it's true.
You could be on the here with a 90-year bringing in $20 million a revenue every year.
And unless you want to participate in the sandbox with Greg and his buddies, you're an asshole.
You're a problem, you're a piece of crap.
But it's especially heartwarming to me to know that our sales manager, who quite frankly doesn't tell us much about anything that has to do with sales,
but our sales managers now involved in the promotions department, is not is she promoting anybody on the ear here?
No, Hank, no.
No, warning show, me, no.
In Kaplan, no.
All games, no.
Promoting OJ.
She's the conduit to the media to make sure they got out to the golf tournament on Friday to see OJ.
As in...
Eeeeeeeeh!
Right.
So I have 20 or 30 million words I have to say about that and I will.
That great length.
This station stands for nothing.
It theaters now from the producer of Teaching Mrs. Tingle.
It's making the teacher tingle.
Hey, teach, here's my new science experiments.
Here, where are we going?
Oh, gosh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Making the teacher tingle in theaters and six shops everywhere.
I don't care what it says.
Mr. Yalaska looks pretty interesting to me.
You know, it's the hockey park that I'm excited about.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, sure.
1014, huh?
It's the hockey thing.
It's a lot of naked teenagers, including young hockey players.
What's wrong with that?
Graham James said it would be okay to watch.
So anyway, before I get in my long, ponderous OJ business here today,
and it's not only about OJ, it's about a whole bunch of bunch of like assholes
and the liars and game players and also a lot of you people out there who glamorize
a celebrity.
Anybody who's supposedly a celebrity.
You know what I'm talking about?
People that ask for autographs.
If it was Ted Bundy, if they could bring him back to life for like 10 minutes,
we'd have an autograph session out in the goddamn parking lot.
Oh, you better get here before he dies again.
Before they stick him back in a box, Ted Bundy, they just popped him up for about a half an hour.
He's got enough energy left to sign autographs.
And you know something there'd be a line.
There would be a freaking line.
Because anywhere there's a quote unquote celebrity,
there are assholes looking for their autographs, looking to latch on.
Clingons, human clingons, kind of like Sam.
Like I've told he's like an appendage.
Not like an individual independent person, but like an appendage.
Oh, look at me. I'm with OJ. I'm with Enrique.
I'm with your night. I'm with somebody famous.
I'm nobody. But look at me. I'm with them.
I'm in the picture with them.
I'm an asshole, but I'm with them.
And by the way, we agree with that assessment.
By the way, Sam.
He's an asshole.
We agree with that.
So anyway, before we get into that whole business, which is very CD and unsavory and unacceptable, by the way.
And could only happen here, I think.
We got the trends yesterday, baby.
We got some more arbitrarity.
Two thirds of the summer book, July and August.
So it's June, July and August, because it's always a three month ruling average.
So this includes the month of August.
By the way, Barry Jackass, you're listening very little punwacker.
I'm sure you are.
Even though you love those two live Jews way up at the other end of the dial.
Did they show up at all?
No.
The whole station, the Waff in the fan. Did they show up in the morning?
No.
In the midday, in the afternoon, at night,
over night while everybody is sleeping?
No.
Did they have even a hundredth of a point?
No.
Because the whole month of August is in this trend.
So even though it would be a small number, but I mean, if they had any diaries at all, something would have showed on there.
And some demographic.
I scoured every day part, every demographic.
Did they show up at all?
No.
No.
I know if I'm a sponsor, I'd sure love to be by and spots on the station that nobody is listening to.
That sounds good to me.
But maybe they do better service than our people here.
That could be.
It wouldn't take much.
But anyway, so here's the, you know, morning is on a station.
I don't know what happened there.
It couldn't be those 20 and 30-minute commercial breaks, could it?
Uh-huh.
Because I noticed the quam hasn't dropped that much, which is the total number of people listening during the week.
But the length of listenership on that morning show has dropped precipitously.
Where the hell is it?
From four and a half hours to three hours during the week.
Causing their average quarter hour share in 25 to 54 are coveted demographic to drop from a 3.2 to a 2.1.
Oh, it's probably the lowest number they've had in a long time.
I mean in a long time.
Of course, a lot more that college football talk.
You can get it out of a 1-5 next time.
Hurricanes.
Correct.
Does anybody care about the Hurricanes?
No.
It's a fan-tempting.
They lost a couple of games now.
So, for it's, it's a, nobody cares anymore.
They lost a couple of games.
So get out of something somebody might care about.
Uh-huh.
There you go.
Like that golf tournament.
So anyway, the big story though in the book rhymes with book.
It's called book.
As we continue following.
And by the way, people, you're more laughing again.
Our asses off.
In spite of your goddamn inside memos and in spite of all your ob.
And by the way, thank you so much for listening religiously.
The new Roger Show on 560 WQM, which midday we had a 6.410 to 3.
So from 10 to 2, we had still about a 7 share in 2554 persons.
That's persons.
So in men, we did about 12-13 share.
Not too bad.
Not too shabby.
How do you like that, Pete?
And of course, we couldn't do it without you.
But goes to show you that they put on this tremendous telegram.
Rick and Suds wiped out a little bit in the morning.
Had a little bit of a drop, a couple of tens of a point, nothing dramatic.
But they've kind of leveled off.
They went from a 2.1 to a 1.9 in persons 2554.
Right behind by the way, QAM's 2.1.
Right on our ass.
Nick and Nick knows to knows, is it Rick and Suds?
Is it the worst team?
They're like that close together, like a little curly here, apart.
I was going to say a **** here, apart, but that would be bad.
But the big news is in the afternoon.
And I forgot to look at this until this moment ago, and Joe was sitting in there.
I said, you know, I wonder how the battling broke.
If you can drive that number just a little bit, you know, it's slow.
It's a slow process.
You know, you start at one point and then you drop a 10th here, or a couple of tens there,
although in the beginning she was dropping like a rock.
I mean, you know, but when you only got that little much left,
when you only got 10 people, only one or two of them can die at the same time.
Persons 12 plus in the afternoon on stupid talk with their 50,000 watt signal.
And by the way, there we are promoting you again, Pete.
Is it doing any good?
No.
Will it do any good?
No.
No.
There's IOD with a 1.4.
Oh, there she is at the bottom of the page.
Dropping from a 1.4 to a 1.3.
That's 12 plus.
That's the entire universe.
But let's get to that important demographic again.
25 to 54 persons, men and women.
Three to seven p.m.
Is she on the first page?
No.
No.
Second page?
No.
How about the third page?
No.
It's pretty far down the list.
Oh, but at the top of the fourth page, from a 1.0.
In the last trend.
By the way, it was 1.2 in the spring book.
Then a 1.2.
And now in the newest trend, I knew she could do it.
Only Mr. Eagle and John Ford have been able to do this on 50,000 watts.
Raking a 1 with a 0.9.
All right, let's hear it for the Badling Rock.
Who keeps her job, by the way, as people of your camp plan any local people to put on the year.
All he knows is putting on pictures and dedicated shows and repeating stuff over and over.
That's his idea of putting on great talent.
How's Karen Kay doing, buddy?
How's Greg O'Doin?
How's my church doing?
How's the John Ford show doing it in the morning, Pete?
How's the Steve Kane show on I&Z Dua?
It's just amazing.
50,000 watts right there in the middle of the dial.
Do you have any idea what kind of a single that is in the daytime?
You couldn't hear them like 10 feet away.
But during the daytime, seriously, at night, because I used to work there.
At night, if you live in Broward, and you drive like a little bit north,
I mean, like a couple of blocks.
I'm not talking a mile.
You drive a couple of blocks north.
You can no longer hear the signal.
You can see the towers right behind you.
You can't hear it because it's directional south at night.
But during the daytime, 50,000 watts of pure unadulterated crap.
With a 0.9 in afternoon drive.
I want to tell you something.
Hank hopes you take real good care of Brookie.
Don't ever let her go, Pete.
Don't ever let her go because she's an important ingredient to our success.
She's making sure that she stays on here.
Of course, once they start replaying for the late times of the day,
Hank will have to continue with that too between three and six.
I would think.
Let's see 9 to 9 to 9 to 3 into the up 3 and 6.
Every three hour increments.
I'll fill all day on the INZ.
They're kind of filling the dead spots.
And there are a lot of them.
So that takes care of that.
Like I said, our morning drive here had a...
Hank went down just a little bit.
Not too bad.
I went down just a little tad from our gigantic number.
We had the previous term.
But still a big, big number there.
About a seven share.
Eat your hearts out.
But our morning drive here, like a little on a week side.
With a 2.1.
And even a man dropping precipitously there in a morning.
What are with that?
All about.
Maybe some of the X morning show listeners will call in and tell us why they've disaffected.
And it's not like they went anywhere.
You know, another reason why you try to find some other station that went up that would logically be our audience.
It just that they keep tuning it off.
Because they can't find the show.
Maybe that's the reason.
I don't know, but the length of the listenership is generally a pretty good indication that the format blows.
That we got too many goddamn spots.
Too many spots spoil the audience.
Send them drive, just drive them away.
Send them diving to the dial.
How many times have I gotten in the car in the morning punched up the button?
There it was.
And just before I could even get my CD in the player.
What did I hear?
Spots.
This morning I got in the car and there was YOLDI with his dulcetone.
They went about a spot.
And I thought, oh boy.
And don't get me wrong.
YOLDI is the voice of sanity there in the morning show.
I was wrong about that.
He's the only, he's the glue that will page his glue that holds that thing together.
Now that he's stopping the suckling.
And by the way, nice going, YOLDI.
He's still doing the panthers job doing that panther pregame and doing the stuff out there.
He's still doing that, but he's no longer the underling, the suckling, like he used to be for the organization.
And believe me, it's not going to be easy to be the suckling for that organization this year.
Especially if Burrey goes down.
Oh my god.
Woof!
You think it was ugly before.
And the rumor has it.
I can't tell you where I heard it.
But the rumor has it that the ticket season tickets, hail for the panthers, are off almost 20%.
From last year.
So if they had about 15,000 season tickets, I think that's pretty close to what they had last year.
That would be about 3,000 less.
It would be about 13,000.
You know what that's you want?
Well, look like if we have 13,000 season tickets and maybe a couple thousand of them, don't you want some nights?
I mean, back in the old Miami arena when we had 11,000, it didn't look that good.
But in this arena that holds almost 20,000, it'll look real bad.
So let's keep Pobbel healthy.
Let's keep Brooke Daniels healthy.
Huh?
Maybe we didn't have to do it month together.
Maybe it's speaking to the pages, Lou.
Maybe she can give her a little wax job there to Pobbel.
Just don't get the wax too hot for you.
Or maybe we didn't put her on a station where she belongs.
On waxy, that would be perfect for her.
You know that story, do you about her wax job?
Why do you want to hear it?
If you ever saw her and you heard the story, it'd be grossed out.
It'd lose your appetite for your free lunch today.
Now getting back to this other business at hand.
I had yesterday I spent maybe four of the most psychotic hours of my life between 3 and 7 p.m.
If I didn't have 697 conversations with my attorney, Norma Kent,
who had 2,582 conversations with Alan Fertel, the attorney for this radio station,
then we didn't have one.
Not to mention the conversation I had with Chozy Lambeet,
who by the way I apologize for calling him Jose, I didn't realize he was a frog.
It's Chozy.
I think he's just spelling it wrong.
Nonetheless, at the four-larter day, I'll send him to the right to the south-fold insider.
Of course, my conversation with him was after his conversation with some people in this building
who told him some astonishing things, like, oh, near Rogers, I'm going to sue WQAM.
Did I tell anybody I was suing WQAM?
No.
Am I suing WQAM?
No.
Not yet.
I mean, where did this stuff come from?
And this precipitated back and forth and back and forth and forth and back to the phone where finally I had to call the head cheese right at home, Greg Reed.
And sometime later, after consulting with his attorney and finding out if he had his permission to speak to me directly,
this is my boss, by the way.
Head of call is attorney to see if it would be okay to return my call and speak to me.
He called me back.
And so the big powwow that Jose and Chozy I'm sorry, that he refers to in this article today,
it will take place it through this afternoon.
alleged.
I mean, it's about time to get the goddamn Hoover in this place.
Get out the gigantic vacuum cleaner.
Get that big suction cup from the sky.
And kind of suck out, if you partner expression, some of the dead weight in this place.
Some of the troublemakers, some of the problem makers, some of the people who actually just steal money from this place twice a month.
Steal.
Take a check, do nothing.
Stir up a lot of crap, but otherwise do nothing.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
I think you do.
There, paint.
I don't think I'm lacking anymore.
You used to watch me shave.
Now you do stare at the floor.
I don't like to wear the more.
You used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty mask.
That's all we needed to get back.
Now it seems like the change that I think that you're the one to blame.
I don't like to wear paint.
I don't like to wear any more.
He says, be right.
I don't think I'm lacking anymore.
Because when you get to drinking,
you put me places I've never been before.
Be right.
I don't like to wear any more.
No.
I can't we just get a grip on our mend a hand relationship.
And the terms are truly how we feel.
If we put our heads together,
we just stay home forever and stay our pain.
I don't think I like to wear a last-door-all.
Oh, and Rocky, wow, you're shaving my-
Oh, that was just the good one.
Last talk to the company, can you relate to a little something special?
Probably your little shavers out there.
1033 at 560 WQM.
By the way, I guess Peter Leonard wants to know
I'll go see that place.
Tell his kid tell him to.
Don't take it personal, but the answer is still.
By the way, we got a little bit of a thrish for information.
Maybe over at Power 96, somebody knows something,
all this is a good song, so they probably know anything about it.
There's a video that I saw in Amsterdam that just captivated me.
And I saw it on much music last night.
It's called Let The Music Heal Your Soul, and it's by the Bravo All Stars,
which is a compilation.
It's on a European label, so we probably don't have it yet.
It's by a compilation of like a Backstreet Boys are in it,
and all these European groups are like about eight or nine different groups
who are singing in this thing, yeah?
Like this big production.
And I was able to tape like a little piece of it.
And I was able to tape it.
I was able to tape it.
There's a lot of music.
You can see it.
You can see it.
You can see it.
Oh, yeah.
Music Heal Your Soul.
It's a music that can't go on.
It's a music to your soul.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Music Heal Your Soul.
Music Heal Your Soul.
Music Heal Your Soul.
Music Heal Your Soul.
So like I said, it's Bravo All Stars.
It's going to be gigantic.
And is that interesting that you hear it first here?
Probably not on Power 96.
No.
We're into the basement in this town.
It plays such crap music all day long.
Maybe they got that record at Power 96.
You think they are?
No.
By the way, that's my backstreet voice.
I think it's coming to anybody else.
No.
So why am I getting back to the meat of the matter?
Oh, and also last night, I don't want to forget this because once I get into this OJ business,
I might take 20 or 30 hours on it.
Last night on Dateline, and thanks to the guy that called us yesterday that took me off on this,
they had a segment on the Atkins.
On the Atkins diet.
Now, generally speaking, once they have a segment, they promote that they're going to have a segment on this.
Anything on any television show, you know it's going to be negative.
They've always got a poo pooit because they have to support all the old, you know,
stereotypes about the meat being bad for you and cholesterol is other crap.
Well, actually this was fairly balanced and they had Dr. Bob on there.
By the way, I know this great place in Boca, but anyway.
So they had the Atkins on there and they had this one guy who would weigh 315 pounds
in his cholesterol with sky high and he tried every diet on that, you know how that goes.
And he did the Atkins, they lost 100 pounds and Kevin has kept it off for a year.
And he did go off for a little while and gained 12 pounds back very fast because that's what happened.
But he got back on the thing and he's kept 100 pounds off for over a year now.
And his cholesterol is way, way down.
And then they got some bitch on there and as soon as she opened up her mouth, I said to John,
I said, that's a registered dietitian or nutritionist.
And after they finished, they said, well, there's Sheila Schmagegi who's a registered dietitian.
And I said, aha! And she, of course, is ripping it to pieces.
Let me tell you right now, registered dietitians and nutritionists know nothing about anything that has to do with diet.
They know about as much to do with health and diet as the American Diabetes Association does,
which is nothing, zero, nada, zippo, nada, nada, not an Iota, nothing, less than nothing.
So I thought it was a pretty balanced piece on date line last night.
And basically they didn't say you're going to die and you're going to have this,
you're going to have coronary artery disease and all these other horrible things.
It was fairly bound, even with Bob Arnot, who was on there, it was kind of a weird guy,
who I think he's taking the same kind of stuff that Peter Lenders taking these days.
He always has that kind of like, eeeh!
Spacey look, that Kevin Spacey look on his plus.
By the way, Kevin Spacey is not the f***ing, okay.
No matter what you think, he's not f***ing.
You do understand that. He's not f***ing.
Just like the Backstreet Boys, he's not f***ing.
22 before 11, I'll get to this eventually.
You all just say, you've got to take all the time you can, you know how that goes.
Now listen, I'm getting off of this damn phone thing, especially in this place, poison.
Suck it in and hold it.
Tired of the same old flavors of yogurt, cherry, strawberry, banana, pear, blueberry.
Well, look out, taste buds, prepare yourself, palette for crootians, trout on the bottom yogurt.
Trout on the bottom, fresh water. Trout on the bottom, bogey bogey. Trout on the bottom, fresh water. Trout on the bottom, bogey bogey.
Fruitsons, new trout on the bottom yogurt.
Combining to the delicious attributes of yogurt with hearted chunks of rainbow trots.
No frills, no gills, just great taste. Fruitsons, trout on the bottom yogurt, regular and d-i.
Okay, 19 before 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
Thanks for going to be doing a show at Cool City Entertainment Restaurant Complex
at the South Las Coder Apigian University in Pemberpine starting. They'll be there every Tuesday.
Cool City is a Key West. Complex featuring sloppy jows as a Garmar Teeny Bar, upscale steakhouse, a sandy beach and more.
Huge complex restaurants and bars, which fits in perfectly with us.
And I'll be at the specs. Don't forget we got starting this Friday, October 1, the best in the 099 will be in all the specs doors all around town.
Indeed, brown and pom beach.
And we'll be doing our first appearance of the year, fundraiser at specs music at the Song Rats.
And we'll have this Saturday, October 2nd, noon to 2.
OJ won't be there, by the way.
Like I said, OJ better not be there.
And we'll have the best in the LCDs and cassettes.
Spec music in the song races at the Blue Dolphin actress right in your Ruby Tuesday off let me go near rooms to go.
So that's the Saturday.
Okay, so anyway, getting back to this.
Oh, look at that. Here's a call in Gainesville. Hello.
Oh, look at mine. And Joe didn't forgot to do the thing. Well, it's not your fault. You didn't realize.
You forgot to reboot the phone. It's not going to work.
So here we go. Rebooting the phone again, because we just can't do it right here at WQM air.
Every day of my, you know something, but the way I look at it now, this should be my worth problem.
This should be the worst thing we have to worry about is that we have to reboot the guy damn phone every morning, because we got a crap phone system.
And now all those pinnly S callers are gone and I can proceed like I was going to do. Sorry about that guys.
Maybe the Gainesville call call back. He was waiting on his or it's or whoever was dying too. That's sad.
That's really very sad.
But don't blame me. I had nothing to do with it. Okay.
Just blame this organization because they're too busy. They're too busy. I bring it in celebrities from out of time to play golf tournaments where we don't want them at.
We can't afford the money for a real phone system here. We got to take our promotional money and spend it according to Sam Duké, our promotions director.
Spend it to bring murderers in here to screw up golf tournaments. Oh, you're back. Hello.
Hey, now. Yes, sir. I just got back on. I wasn't listening to you. So I really don't know what you've been talking about all morning.
I wanted to talk about you talking about last week with the fraternities.
They are basically a way to basically meet people that you have no idea. They basically have to be your friends and have to be your brothers and stuff.
And it's just that the cheap way to meet friends instead of being a social person going out.
Yeah, and get them naked. Yeah. Exactly. Oh, that happens all the time. All the time. And as a matter of fact, they run the student government up here because they basically all have to vote this.
Voting boards up here. And everybody in the fraternity has to go out and vote. And they're only about 10% of the people here, but everybody has to vote.
And it's disgusting. It's just the worst thing in the world. It's not really democracy. Just like what we have now in America. It's not really democracy.
It's a handful of people with all the money and all the ammunition and they run the world. Yeah. And it's disgusting thing, you know.
Well, it's supposed to show if you're willing to get naked and take your clothes off or all your buddies. You know, you can start getting a lot of power.
If you have power, maybe. Oh, that's what happened to Bill Clinton. There you go. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Have a great day.
What did he say? That's a big club you moron. That's something like that. He said, I still can't get over that point nine.
That's that's finally cheering me up. I finally have something to be said about that important life that you succeed, but that no talent assholes fail.
Not the other old saying goes something like that. That important that you succeed, but that assholes really fall on their ass like a birthday.
And you know something. If you had a point nine following fat ass limbaugh, just imagine what you can come up with following three hours of gym.
Rome.
Oh, I don't think we've seen the end of the climb yet. Keep your eye on that falling needle, baby. Point nine is only the beginning to finishing returns.
So the law of diminishing return. Yeah, return to sender. Send it back where it came from. Like you were without discussing sounds with that bitchy. She's not broad.
Atta boy, Pete nice going. You know how to pick him sweetheart. Get that finger right back in your rectum because you sure know how to pick him.
He's over there laughing. I always hear him up yesterday. He's given us a lot of promotion. You know something. How about six months from now when you still suck and win, huh?
Mr. expert, Mr. hot shot, Mr. Rebrilion genius climbing up the ladder suck whole. He was sucking up the ladder with Tim Williams over there. He got it. Then he was sucking his way up the ladder with a Paxing people. Now he's with clear channel and he's still sucking.
Everybody still hates him like poison and he's still a backsteading fool that doesn't know his ass from his goddamn rectum. By the way, thanks to my friend Lenny at the around the clock. Send me a glowing letter here and a nice watch.
Is that like a plug or something the fact that I got a while. I don't think so. That's one of our fine sponsors. Thank you Lenny at around the clock. We do a nice job in my house by the way.
Any guy who came and did my house was a big groupie too so that you know always helps. I'm not going to maybe I'll take a four-letter deal. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. How are you?
Yes, sir. Okay. Yeah. I tried to listen to brick one afternoon. I really took it because he made no sense to me at all.
Yeah. You know, and then I switched over to him.
Did you talk about how she waxed her crotch that one day and uh...
Oh, when the paramedics came and things like that.
Right. Oh yeah. I heard that story.
Yeah, see Joe should be able to relate to this because he likes to you know his girlfriend makes him shave his balls.
So he ought to be able to relate to some broad that has to do a wax job on her crotch.
Oh my goodness. Yeah. I just can't imagine walking into a room and seeing that though.
Yeah, but uh...
But you don't really have to be a sports fan to listen to Hank because Hank has a really good way of telling a story.
Yeah. Hey stupid. Yeah. Yeah.
But I love Hank until the call started. In fact, that's why I hate to call. I love listening to what he has to say.
And this is these sports nerds that are calling not just to get psychotic.
Right. Right.
And of course now that Hank's got those 20 minute commercial breaks, he won't have time for calls anyway.
So you know, in a very insidious way, maybe it's for the best.
Right. Yeah. Because that's how all those listeners really get into a show.
It's like you said, you know, because he tells such a great story.
He was great yesterday. Yeah.
But I listened to you and Hank. I tried to listen to the first time or the first thing rather.
But every time I called him, if they didn't agree with my point of view or anything like this, you know, they just... they went off.
Blow you off.
I mean, I just gave up on them.
Well, evidently a lot of other people did too. I mean, you know, everybody's got an uptrend, downtrend, good trans, bad trans.
But this trend looks like a death now. I don't want to get these guys nervous because then O'Beafel especially is very paranoid and insecure and with his talents he ought to be.
But I mean, that morning show just fell off the face of the earth in August for whatever reason.
Well, I can definitely understand why.
And so, well, thanks very much, Neil.
Okay, and B-Fosus, thanks too.
Take care.
And a little bug too. And Gildi, okay.
Don't like that. We're esteemed too much of this guy. How do you like that?
No.
He hates it.
So anyway, getting back to this OJ business, you know, I'm glad I cleared the year with all of the facts.
Thanks again to my good friend Peter Lenter for that idiotic note and the picture.
Because that kind of like gave me, you know, a little buffer there.
So I didn't get started on a real sour note right off the bat and mentioned Phyllis in the first half.
I'm sorry that I mentioned her name Phyllis.
Uh huh.
Water Nazi.
What did I mention at?
I don't just came to my mind. I just keep thinking Phyllis Phyllis.
So that name just keeps coming to my mind over and over again.
That's it.
I love Phyllis, you know.
That's a lot more friendly than saying the Water Nazi.
You know, I mentioned her by name. Phyllis Phyllis Phyllis.
Well, she's a big OJ liquor.
The first day I ever came in as building.
So seriously, this is a true story.
The first day I ever came in as this building with Norm Kim.
By the way, thanks a lot Norm. You piece of crap. You faggot.
But anyway, the first day he brought me this building after we had signed the deal.
And I've gone through a lot of really ugly phone calls back and forth.
But not so many phone calls just trying to chase down Greg Reed,
who has this bad habit called not returning phone calls.
Maybe his lawyer wouldn't let him return my calls. I don't know.
But at any rate, uh, coming to building and we're getting the guided tour.
And at that time Phyllis was actually, we were actually still speaking.
In fact, even way back in those early days,
we were still speaking when she was making sure that Hank had no spots on his log
because she hates him like poison. But at any rate,
uh, that's another story which I'll say for later on.
So at any rate, I go into our office and I look on the walls and I see all of this, uh, OJ memorabilia.
Oh, man.
I see these pictures and these, uh, jock straps and, uh, I thought, what is this?
What is this crap?
And then come to find out as people are very enthusiastically bubbling all around here.
Tell me that oh, yeah, Phyllis, she's only one of the OJ fans that we have in this building.
Yeah, this radio station suffers from OJ Simpson disease.
Yeah, that's a true story.
It's an illness. It's a disease.
And of course, the leader of that is by the ringleader.
I shouldn't have said a ring. I wonder if he's wearing a ring today.
I bet you know.
But at any rate, I won't say that name.
At any rate, we have a bunch of people who for whatever reason are obsessed.
And of course, keep in mind this is long after the trials and the murders and all of the other and the fact that almost universally, OJ is reviled by anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
Because not too many people like brutal murderers and scumbags and people who have done all the things that he's obviously done.
People that beat their wives, all of these kinds of things.
Although, you know, when you got a sports station and jock straps to the stuffing station, beating your wife kind of fits right into the whole ambiance of it because that's a jock thing.
Beating your woman, not necessarily your wife just beating your woman. Maybe she's your wife, maybe not.
Maybe she's had 20 or 30 of your kids, maybe not. Maybe the bitch down the street had him.
So I was kind of like taken a back. That was my first inkling that there was something a little bit strange in this place.
Something a little bit out of the ordinary.
In this building plus the fact of course that there was mildew in all the carpets, you know, and holes in the walls and I mean it looked like a toilet.
It smelled like a toilet. It was a toilet.
And by the way, is your construction project anywhere in your completion period? No.
No. It's now almost the first of October.
We came up here on the third floor in early March. I think about the fifth or tenth of March from our second floor temporary studios.
We came up here and of course once we came up here, almost everybody went back down on the second floor. They were trying to tell me something way back then.
Like you come up here or leading, we're going down there.
What is that that he just brought in there? What is that?
The Neil Rogers Best of Neil campaign to benefit center one. Yeah, it's all press release. Great.
Euclis Turd.
Sam Duquet. Euclis Turd.
Seriously, peats on a bullfrog are more useful than Sam Duquet.
But today, right? See, that's distracting because I don't want to see him. I don't ever want to see him again.
As long as I live, I don't want to see his face. I don't want to see his ass. I don't want to see any part of him.
Just like I heard yesterday, Hank, so you don't want to see...
Roy!
I would agree with that, but I certainly don't want to see Sam Duquet.
You want to know why? He's an asshole and a professional troublemaker.
He's a puss. He's a punk.
But he's my... he's a spokesman now. You understand for me, for the radio station, for Greg Read. He's a spokesman.
Sam Duquet. Because he's one of that inside group.
But let me lay it out for you. If you've got a lineup card, let's pretend we're doing the baseball game.
You know how everybody gets the pencil? Well, not everybody. Maybe three old parts that keep scored a ballgame, especially a Marlon game.
Get out your scorecard. Here's where it is. Here's Greg Read up there on top of the little hat, the little king on the, you know, the crown.
The thorny crown.
And here surrounding him in this little circle.
We have Fellas, the water Nazi, Luane, our sales manager.
We have Sam Duquet, our promotions director.
And we have kind of like by association Roy is there too.
That's it. That's the inner circle.
Those are, as I've called them many times in the past, the untouchables here at WQA.
Those people have jobs for life.
Take it to the bank. No matter what they do, no matter what they say, no matter what they might pass, they could come in here with like a shotgun and blow 15 people away.
They have jobs for life.
Now you might ask. You might be, you know, kind of wondering why I don't know.
But I mean, I do know in some cases some of them may have some naked pictures.
I don't think that Roy.
Well, you know, now that I come to think of it, maybe he does. Maybe he's in them. I don't know.
We'll have to find out. That's a gruesome thought, by the way.
But nevertheless, let me just give you a little bit of history about this golf tournament. And quite frankly, I mean, Neil Rogers, what do I have to do with golf?
Anything at all? No. No, I can't stand golf. Not only can I stand golf, I can't stand people who are into watching golf.
If you want to go out and play golf, I have some exercise. Have a few with 20 or 30 beers. Whatever you want to do, that's fine.
You know, it's a thing. But people that sit around watching golf, I mean, oh, it's just pathetic. It's tragic.
I'd rather watch auto racing for 600s consecutive hours and I'd rather die before I saw that.
So what does that tell you? Compared to a golf, it's great.
But nonetheless, about three months ago, Tracy Kurosato, and isn't it convenient, by the way, that Tracy is no longer here?
Was he fired? No. No, he didn't have another job when he left. No. No, he just bailed out and went up to Boston with his lady friend to kind of like seek his fortune.
Basically, what he was saying was, let me out of here. Yeah, that's what he was saying. Let me out of here. I can't do business this way. To quote him directly.
Can't do business like they do here at QAM. Kind of like Scott Swartz was here in sales for about five minutes and said, let me out of here. Same kind of thing.
See, a lot of the underlings here, they're beginning. There's a bubbling of resentment that's beginning to build. I don't think it's just beginning.
But I think it's beginning to simmer a little bit more than usual because some of the underlings here are finding out that some of the people who are here who do absolutely nothing, who contribute nothing to this radio station, who don't sell any spots,
who don't have any ratings, who don't bring in any revenue, that those people are making some very serious bucks.
I mean, when we pay an X-Jock 60 grand a year to walk around and be a face man, a man who has never sold an account in the history of his life, one has to really kind of wonder what that's all about.
One has to really start wondering, why is this going on? Not that I begrudge anybody, you understand, but some of the underlings, some of the little people who are very underpaid and worked their asses off, it starts being very bad from morale.
Especially when you see some of the problems and the troubles that are being caused by some of these people.
See, and this is what happens. Have I always said that idle hands make for a bunch of assholes? Isn't that the way the same goes? Something like that? Yeah.
Idle hands wind up on your assholes, something like that. I think that's how it goes.
And so when you got a lot of people who basically have read enough and to do other than just show up and get a check here a couple of weeks and smooths with a boss, those people suddenly find that they have a lot of time to, you know,
that's what I do. I'm going to go back to the next slide. Which brings us back to this goddamn golf tournament and if we ever get these spots all in, I'll get back to it. Trust me.
And we'll get back to a Josie Lambeats column in the Sunsendless morning. I hear that Josie is suing the QA in, by the way, is what I hear. Is that true? No. That's what I just made up.
Just like somebody made up that I was suing the radio station. Not that I don't have reason, by the way.
I'm so horny for you. You stop because of me. You want me, don't you?
I'm so horny for you. Won't simply tell you.
Look, but don't touch.
Strip down to your bare skin. Coat yourself with lard.
Oh baby, I want you to. My penis was standing straight up.
Oh, right.
Oh, I just want to do you.
I don't you.
Oh, over.
Of course, all of America walks it out. Does he shave? That's the obvious question. It's a level two of five, 60 WQ way.
By the way, we get any calls about the Bravo all stars in that great song. I play it of course not because it's only out in Europe and it's not here yet.
And thank God much music is starting to play it up there in Toronto. Maybe it'll filter away its way down here eventually, eventually.
So when I get back to this goddamn stupid golf tournament.
So they come to me, Tracy and screw in our sales manager about three months ago right here in this very room at two o'clock one day when I get off the air.
And George was a witness because he was a participant in this discussion.
And they said, well, you know, we'd like to do something extra special, raise a little extra money for center one.
We know October you're going to be doing the CDs and stuff, but we'd like to do something special.
We'd like to put together this celebrity golf tournament and you don't have to do anything. Just promote it a little bit.
And whatever we raise from that will give them proceeds to center one. I said, I don't know. I mean, I always lay about it in the first place because what do I know about golf?
What am I, you know, what do I have to do with the golfing world?
Now, of course, it is interesting if you're regular listener of this radio station that WQA and the sponsor several charity golf tournaments every year.
We have a golf tournament, Hank Scott of Golf tournament, Mad Dog's Gov. We have a whole bunch.
I'd say maybe eight or 10 golf tournaments that are done to this radio station every year sponsored and promoted by.
There is OJ showed up in any of those golf tournaments, by the way.
No, ever. No. No. I just mentioned that in passing.
So during the course of the conversation when they finally talked me into saying, okay, let's go ahead and we'll raise some good money for our center one.
One of them brought up the fact. I think it was screw in, of course, that well, you know, we might be able to bring in OJ for this thing at which point the hair on the back of my next student straight up in the year.
And I said, absolutely, positively. No, if he's here, I'm out. I don't want anything to do with it under no circumstances.
The center one or yours truly want anything to do if or until James Simpson is involved in this golf tournament at which point I was promised, okay, okay, no problem.
We guarantee he will not be here. It was a bad idea. Was it a bad idea? A bad idea. And I thought that would be the end of it.
And then of course came the next chapter in this very, very ugly and grotesque and embarrassing saga.
And that was the day that Roy was sent in here. See, I don't want to say he came in here on his own because I know for a fact that he was sent in here.
By one of the people I just mentioned, I don't want to mention her name again. Rhymes with screw. And, and came in here while I was on the air, we have it on tape.
We played the tape, you know, it's so the evidence is right there while I was on the air demanding to know how come I hadn't been reading the promos for this golf tournament that I was supposedly sponsoring or at least involved with.
And of course we didn't have any promos. The promos had just been given to us that morning by Sam who evidently once again had fallen down on the job.
These are promos that were supposed to have been done weeks ahead of time. Were they ever done with any information given to us to read on the air?
All the sports nerds and yours truly? No. So if you don't have any information, how can you read the stuff on the air?
I tried telling that to have you sit here mumbling and I also tried telling him I had a commercial to do.
I had a break to do and we're in the middle of a radio show. I said, Roy, you see this is a microphone you Jack asked. I'm on the air live. We're doing a goddamn radio show.
And while I was on the air, I don't know what OJ understood and he starts with the OJ stuff again. Out of nowhere, out of the blue.
And I said, no.
But why? Why? It's because he's a goddamn murderer. Well, he was fucked. See, his line is always the same.
Always the same line. Well, he was fine. I'm not guilty. He went in the Aquinal Trout.
I don't care. We don't want anything to do with him. Don't you understand? Very simple to let a word. No.
Even a dumb ex-joc can understand. No. No? No. Oh, I can't. Now, how's Echo? No, they can't understand it or the word is no. Well, we'll figure that out.
Can you understand it, Roy? No. No.
So, evidently, he didn't understand it because that was again another one of these episodes that occurred because this thing was being this handled.
And then just a few days before it was to take place this past Friday, I was being told, oh, this thing is disaster and they're not sound out of any, getting any people involved in this thing.
And so we started really plugging a hell out of it. And then they got a whole bunch of people who came aboard on this thing. They helped center one and to participate.
And we were giving promos out. Don's truck was going to be involved in this ex-joc. I forget those names with OJ's name on air.
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. They were conspicuously missing. They were conspicuously by their absence. Thank God.
And so to make a long story short, here comes last Friday. And here's the Logon Mar, celebrity golf tournament, the WQAM, about.com or whatever was golf tournament featuring so on and so on. All these other people, all these ex-jocs, including the unstruck. For some reason, he's the only one I remembered.
Do you remember any of the other people who were known? But he's a good guy. And I remember his name was on list. And I remember Mad Dog interviewing him off there to golf tournament Friday.
Come to find out at 130 here last Friday. The inside lines here start ringing off the hook. And George is getting spy reports from Logon Mar.
I mean, you've already heard this part, but maybe some of you haven't. It bears repeating again because it's shocking after you've been promised and assured that if your good name is involved in this and everybody on the radio station is promoting us, we're not going to be having an axe murder or show up.
We're getting spy reports. 130 here on Friday. Guess who's there? Guess who's not only there, but who's playing in the goddamn frickin tournament?
Oh, yeah, oh, Jay. At which point everyone's blood started to boil at which point anybody, any rational human being became extremely hostile, psychotic and irritated to say the very least.
A couple of minutes later, the inside line there rings again. It's Sam Duque, our promotions ass.
Who's on the phone? It says to George, you sure Neil doesn't want to put them on the air?
You see, when you use somebody as a weapon, I mean, we know what kind of weapon he was that was really sharp, but when you use an individual as a weapon to beat the rest of the radio station and the community over the head with, I mean, we already despise him.
We already are nauseated and puke induced by him, and I'm not talking about the little circle, Jerka sports. There's we got that on the second floor. I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about anybody with any common sense.
Who realizes that just because somebody wants to carry the guy they in football and ran past doesn't mean he's somebody we ought to admire.
You know what I'm saying? Is it in a rip snorting good time? Was head by all?
So now we get to yesterday's episode and see it took me a long time to get around to it, but now we got another spot to it.
Well, no, this is great. This is how Neil once again takes something and looks it for like 3, 4, 5, maybe 10 hours today. Maybe the Humper can just eat and drink over there at the cool city.
Now the evidence you can hide traces of blood everywhere that match your DNA traces of blood that's yours.
Thank you. It's 1115 at 560 WQ. I'm sending it back. Where did I leave off on this thing? God, it's a multi part and multifaceted thing and the story too.
So anyway, we're getting bits and pieces of the story. Yesterday I'm listening to Hank there in the beginning of the show and now the steam is just pouring out of my ears. His Hank is revealing. See, Hank had a chance to talk to Mandage yesterday. And of course, Mandage was out there at this golf tournament on Friday.
So in listening to Hank, I'm now picking up all these other pieces of information, which I wasn't privy to before, which Mandage passed along to him because Mandage was a witness to all of it.
And he goes to say, and I start a job again there, my dog. Mandage ripped the OJ and asked and rightfully so. And was embarrassed and humiliated and degraded to be out there.
So come to find out that our sales manager, screw and winnick that she was out there on the phone calling up all the media to alert them the fact that OJ was there this big celebrity.
And get their cameras out there and it's a big major story in Yadi Yadi. He's out here with the QEM sponsored golf tournament.
Now, I don't know about you, but if I'm in business, the last person on the face of the earth living today that I would want to be associated with would be OJ.
I'd rather be I'd rather be affiliated with the I'm trying to think slot a sloppy my Milosevic.
Then with OJ anybody.
And everybody knows that even the apologies for him must know that unless they're really, really, really stupid. You think they're that dumb?
Uh-huh.
Evidently.
So come to find out then and keep in mind again, this is on a radio station where nobody gets any promotion whatsoever.
Not a guy would have said which board running up and down and surfside running up and down.
Liquid road mall.
A schlepping around and sunrise.
Nobody. Nothing out of billboard. Not a TV spot. Not a not anything. Not a zippity. Do the nothing.
And to make it even better.
Then I find out through the grapevine that our promotions director who's gotten free mentioned free because I guess he's really running a shop here lately.
Sanduke.
Then he's got OJ on camera there because you know it's that deal again where he can be the human of appendage.
Oh look at me. I'm standing next to somebody famous again. I'm always in the picture standing next to somebody famous.
I'm a nobody but I'm standing next to somebody really famous.
You know, it must be very sad.
To have that much of an inferiority complex that you have to always feel you've got to be seen with somebody famous to feel like you're worth anything like you have any usefulness in life.
Although in his case the usefulness product and understand that part.
But nevertheless he's praying out there on channel 10. I'm getting spy reports yesterday and all the local TV channels.
Oh yes, and we brought OJ in and the yadi yadi yadi and we're proud to have him here. He's a big celebrity and it's a QA and golf tournament and so on.
I'm paraphrasing because I didn't see any of it. Maybe some of you did.
Now we come to yesterday.
Now we're finally getting a little bit caught up.
Yesterday, as I said, I'm listening to Hank recount these stories about what's going on out there at the tournament by way of manage.
And I was talking to our program director in the doorway as I was on the way out since his office is right on the way to the exit over here to my right.
I get off your doff right.
And I was been voting the fact of how embarrassing this was that the very same people that do nothing to promote us are busy getting out there.
They're all of a sudden becoming publicity directors for an axe murderer that everybody hates with a brain.
And he's agreeing with me of course.
And as I shook my head about all this and started walking out of city notes sounds like a basis for real good lawsuit to me.
And I walked out the door.
I get home about five to three.
Here's a message from my lawyer, Norma Kent on the phone.
He's in court. He's got a trial going.
But he's trying to call back and forth and forth and back.
I finally get a hold of him.
Or he gets a hold of me.
Come to find out in the hour between the time that I left here and the time that I spoke to him.
He said not one, not two, not three, but four calls from the attorney for this radio station.
Alan, I'm too Jewish for my own good for tell.
Four calls in an hour.
Trying to get a hold of Norma Kent who is in court with the trial going on.
Beeping, calling the office desperate.
Frantic. Frantic.
Also he's had a call from Josie Lambeet at the Sun Sentinel who writes this soft word inside a column that we've quoted from a lot of times.
I actually had a bit about Rick Sanchez and the Atkins diet and what a pig Ricky is.
I guess you know, I guess when you run over a guy in the guy dies, you start eating your way through frustration.
I'm talking about a lot of frustration eating.
I must be what it is, right Rick?
Uh-huh.
But in any rate, so this Josie Lambeet, whose column I do read from the time to time and read some clips on here and seems like a reasonable guy, he talks to me because he had called Norma.
He normally gives me the guy's number and I call him.
It's about 315 now.
Unbeknownst to me, Josie Lambeet from the Sun Sentinel has already talked to somebody in this building.
I don't want to mention somebody by the name of Sam Duque.
I'll always quote in the articles so I guess it's not a secret.
Somewhere along the line, the conversation goes back and forth and I don't have exactly how it took place.
But somebody is recounting to somebody else that near Rogers is going to sue WQAM.
Did I say I was suing QAM?
No.
Am I going to sue QAM?
No.
Did I tell Sam that I was suing QAM?
No.
Did I tell Josie Lambeet I'm suing QAM?
No.
Or anybody else?
No.
No.
And so I have about a five minute conversation with Josie Lambeet about this whole OG thing and about the fact that we were promised and guaranteed beyond a shadow of it out.
He would not be involved in this so that all of us who were promoting it would not put our good names behind something that we offended and grossed out by including the people at Logo Mark and including the people at Center One.
Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
Very simple.
Nobody wanted to be associated with something that he was going to be involved in.
So the calls are going back and forth and forth and back and his meeting that I will had scheduled today for two o'clock with Greg Reed and screw and Winnick and the Dufflin ZR program director.
This meeting that I had scheduled for today.
Get off you duck was canceled.
And now there was supposed to be a meeting on Friday morning with the lawyers involved.
Lawyers involved because Neil is threatening the sue WQAM according to somebody.
According to some crazy person.
So now the calls are going back and forth and forth and back and finally about five after six I thought screw it I'm going to call Greg Reed at home, which I did and his wife answered the phone.
He wasn't home yet and I left a message and about the 15 minutes later after consulting with his attorney he returned my call.
Thanks Greg.
And our meeting at two o'clock is back on today he was just down here only moments ago showing me ratings that have already got here but nevertheless.
Showing me that the numbers on this station are higher than morning and afternoon drive combined by far by a long shot.
See I know that if I'm working in this radio station and not doing very much and you know.
And I'm just picking up a paycheck couple of times a month I know that I'm going to go out of my way to try to piss off the guy that's you know got the highest ratings on the station.
That makes a lot of sense to me.
Right.
The guy that's bringing in millions and millions of dollars.
A guy who doesn't have a half a dozen people sitting around this you know support people on a radio show.
The guy who basically sits in here with a microphone and a telephone and does a radio show for four hours every day and who's got a seven share.
I'm going to go out of my way to see if I can't maybe get him so pissed off he'll take a walk he'll just walk out.
Well guess what Sam guess what Luanne guess what billis and guess what I'm not going anywhere.
I got three years and three days left on this deal and the last somebody announces to me that they want to write me a check to pay me for the balance or any part of that.
I'm going to be here every goddamn day other than vacations and sick days that I need to be period and of conversation.
See in my younger, more impeccuous days I know Hank was talking to me about this two last week he had one day he went ballistic with his 13 minute break a couple of weeks ago and was getting ready to walk out.
But you know when you get a little bit older and you realize you got these bills and you've got you know the self preservation thing comes into account.
Self preservation all you young people out there if you want to be impeccuous and walk out and tell a boss to stick it up as that I guess you can do that you know if it's not the big deal of a job.
But it's always a better idea to have another job first before you say goodbye to your income and you shoot yourself in the foot because somebody else is an asshole.
Why should I penalize myself because we got people doing crazy things in this radio station.
Am I going to penalize myself? No, no, it's good screw them.
Screw a guy that's making 60 grand a year for being a face man and doing nothing.
Terrifying. How do you think somebody underlings around his building feel here and stuff like that?
I can tell you how they feel they feel exactly like crap. That's right.
This is an incestuous place too many incestuous relationships going on in this building and as a result there are too many people here who have jobs for life or so they think.
I don't really care about that okay because one thing I'm not interested in is office politics you'll never see me here after two in the afternoon.
I'm out the door and I've told you this for years I'm not one of those people that likes to hang around because you know something the more you hang around and you know.
God see if people start talking people so they're causing people to hang around a lot when they don't have to be here you know what they are.
They're troublemakers. Any radio station I've ever worked at the 80 years I've been in this business people that are always hanging around hanging around people with no lives they make trouble.
They create problems come in be friendly do your job do a good job and when the time comes on the clock see a that's the best way to do it.
That's my philosophy so why we don't care about any of those people but I'm going to tell you right now stay the f out of my way that's my suggestion.
That's my fricking suggestion if you want to screw with somebody screw with somebody else because you're not going to screw with this kid okay Phyllis okay Roy okay Luanne okay Sam.
I don't want to play in your sandbox I have no interest in getting my little pale and shovel I haven't done that since I was a little kid in kindergarten which is a hundred years ago okay I'm an old fart.
I'm too old to play in a sandbox with a pale and a shovel.
And if this is your idea of something I'm using if you're having a lot of laughs over this that's my comment to you how about really doing your job that you're getting paid to do huh what a concept.
How about the sales manager taking care of this crap copy that we get for clients who are paying good money that will expect to get results on this radio station.
How come how about communicating with a goddamn talent who are expected to go on here and do that job how about giving us some goddamn information and ammunition to work with.
Instead of going out there and rubbing up and down on Jeff crosses thighs with the goddamn golf room so you can impress everybody.
Jeff, fuck off the ground.
Hey, fuck off the ground.
Hey, fuck off the ground.
Hey, fuck off the ground.
Hey, fuck off the ground.
Hey, fuck off the ground.
Hey, fuck off the ground.
I'm the side I want to go right and keep on content.
I don't care what they say cause okay murder where we love.
It happened so soon on the 12th of June and no James ran away from the gym.
That's what he meant.
I don't care what they say cause okay murder where we love.
I have way needed one little one but I see you still on trial.
It goes on and never ends.
As it does I know that all jay murders them rock in the plea.
And throw away the cheese.
It's the game of the flames of his innocent.
I don't care what they say cause okay murder where we love.
I don't care what they say cause okay murder where we love.
Yeah.
But he's a celebrity kind of damn it.
27 on 05.50 W.J.
So anyway in the paper this morning in Josie Lambeats a soft board insider column in a
son's suddenly he writes shock jock on his high horse over O.J. appearance.
Shock jock.
And it starts out by saying shock jock, Neil Rogers, his mad is all, now can't they put hell in the goddamn column.
I was mad at hell but I just didn't take this any more.
And he's not going to take it anymore.
They put like the little you know explanation and all these little.
How come you can't put hell in there goddamn it.
So what else is new asks Josie?
This time he really really means that he's talking about suing his employer WQM sports radio 560.
Was I talking about suing my employer?
No.
No.
What sparked the row O.J. Simpson surprised appearance at Friday's QAM celebrity golf turning at a
lot more country club in plantation.
Rogers says he was promised O.J. wouldn't be invited to the wing being a fundraiser for cent of one Rogers favorite age charity.
It's making me look stupid Rogers told insider for three months have been promoting the tournament on the
year this after specifically told the station I didn't want anything to do with O.J.
Most of the station staff is mortified about it except for four or five of the idiots who are giving this place O.J.
disease.
Sam Duque QAM's promotions director confirmed the station paid for the fallen idols trip to sub.
Floater from Los Angeles.
Duque said the station has a direct pipeline to Simpson through staff or
Roy.
Foster a former Thicknicker former Thicknicker.
I guess he hasn't seen Roy.
lately he's still a thick-nicker believe me
oh j as a celebrity said duke
pointing out that troubled former giant
loren Taylor also played in the turning
what about the promise we only knew about oh j at the last minute duke said
dismissing rogers fit is just part of a radio show
right
we invited him three months ago but he only accepted last week said
sand the shan
underline the shan part
rogers lawyer norma can't said the incident is a breach of contract
q a m has routinely failed to live up to the spirit of their three year contract
with the ill that's a five year contract with reading all by the way jozy
can't said
a big powwow is scheduled at the station today
to iron things out a big powwow
yeah
actually we had a meeting set up to a clock today before the old j think to
talk about other things
like radio you know
i know that comes as a great shock to some of the people in this building who
would know radio somebody's show going in there but nevertheless that's
what it's supposed to be all about
now this is a radio station by the way let me say it again
that underpays many of the underlings here
who are supposed to get by by sucking up for free tickets into whatever we all
free food they can suck up from this show
also this is a radio station where they won't spend one time to promote
anybody on the station
not not even a sports franchises ever see a billboard for the guy damned off
into this station every single of those no for the marlin no panthers no no
the beesleaves are tighter with their money than a god damn witches
that's how tight they are
this is a radio station where if we need anything and they can be in an 800
line on the phone
no and piece of equipment nothing
zero zip it into the
like i said not even a guy with a sandwich board saying hey two nine you know
something the only promotion we got is our buddy chuck over to subcenter got
that little sign on the side of thank you chuck god bless you at the subcenter
on a quarter four forty one and i was there he wrote
for a good time for a q a m o nea rogers whatever it says on the side of the
tentative everyday
thank you chuck you're our only promotions guy
and instead of us paying him he brings a free lunch all the time
this is a station so cheap
that we had the poor guy in Philadelphia the guy that the work done three of our
marlin broadcast
that had me whatever his name was in brinmore new jersey ready to commit suicide
by the way if if uh... if the meteorist underhill under whatever the
latest name is would have taken over with him he's done the job right
underwood whatever the guy named
don't make any difference now visit
but what's his neck he'll stop the bear
we only care about him he could be something special
he's starting this weekend he's starting this weekend you know ceasel said he'd
be alright
yes he's also now come up with his trash you know about a suicide and i'll
talk to trash you know he didn't do none
but anyway getting back to hozay lamb eaten this call him here this morning
let me say it again sandu case as the station paid now does this make any sense
to anybody
that it was a last minute deal
first of all it doesn't make any difference whether it was a first minute
deal a last minute deal a second minute deal the fact is that it was agreed upon
by the people who are putting this thing together that he would not be
participating
was a they like it don't like it they can stick it up their ass it makes no
difference to me
that was the agreement that was the arrangement it was guaranteed
written in in god damn stone
so this is a lame ass comment from a lame ass sad ass individual who says he's
a celebrity
and then takes him about and and puts him on television
gets up on his shoulder like a god damn pirate and gets around television
hey look at this look at who we got we got oj
all right
and a place where nobody wanted them and where people are looking at us and
saying oh my god yeah what kind of maniacs are you huh
and the best part of the deal is
as management hankin both tell you that what was the table out there in lago
mar that had the most people all gathered around it and most people sucking
around
it was the old j table
because like we've told you before it's not just a sports thing sports
of course is notorious for it
speaking of the matrix underwood and all these other scumbags
sports is notorious for the sports nerds
they don't care if you just kill your sister if you're a god damn famous
jock oh can I have your autograph please
any person who would ask for oj sentence autograph
as far as I'm concerned is a waste of space on this planet is is sucking up oxygen
that could be better used
for anything from me was
this is the most disgusting program
I urge everyone to complain to this station
all right let's have the yours please
I'm at the old j trail
I've been stuck with that for so long
I'm at the old j trail
and it keeps going on and on
but now I tell you the truth
I think there's plenty of proof that shows you murder
is that why I've been sent every day
just check some only another thing
I used to watch and play in football games
but now that doesn't mean the same
now I know just go I've been stuck with this fellow
I feel like I'm the one in jail
he put gloves on
saying anything in white right
I ain't he put them on
say look like they were too tight
tight yeah I'm at the old j trail
I've been stuck with that for so long
I'm at the old j trail
it keeps going on and on
but now I tell you the truth
I think there's plenty of proof that shows you murder
is that why I think you murder
is that why I think he murder
is that why
but he's a celebrity guy, Danik
1145 is 550 WDQ
and we got Hank from Cool City at 2
we got Talking Baseball with Donnie B
we got anything in between here
like no we got no Jimmy
we could be special death not today
that's just some other day
and we got the Marlins at the Expo
it's got everybody gather around
a radio for that tonight
maybe Marlins at the Expo
it's got to be really thriller
you see the hint about the what
four or five hundred people up there
Montreal has not asked about two pitches
it was dynamite
you know OJ is a celebrity
and you know who else was
so was Jack the Ripper
so was Meyer Lansky
so was Bugsy Siegel
so was Don Corleone
so was Jesse James
we inviting any of them to our next QAM golf tournament
no no
see you've got words confused here Sam
you've got the word celebrity mixed up with scumbag
murdering, disgusting, nauseating,
reviled scumbag almost universally
you know I've said this before
and the more I think about it
it's like it's a one and a billion chance
what are the odds of
lined up working in a place
where you've got a whole not just one person
you can understand that
but like there's this whole little
fraternity of people
who also offer from OJ
since in disease
the odds I would assume
are staggeringly slim
minimal, minuscule
of that ever happening
so like I started to say before
coming to find out that the table out there
at the golf tournament
where OJ was hanging out with all his buddies
this is the one that they were all
crowding around too
I heard the guy called yesterday
called Hankin
and told that the guy
had him sign a golf glove
if it doesn't fit
you must acquit
any misspelled
like I think he misspelled it
and all the other words as well
a real rocket scientist
eeeeh
this is these are the kind of people
that crazy people admire
people who beat their wives
people who are murdered
their ex-wife
and some guy that he didn't even know
who just happened to be there
people who are widely circulated
the stories about all the cocaine that he does
but nevertheless
these are the kind of people
we're supposed to admire
so if you're to come as any shock
then when Jimmy Johnson signs
another so-called troubled guy
who's another ex-con
whether it's Lauren Phillips
or whether it's the
the meteorist underwood
or whoever it is
that's where it comes
no shock
because sports people
have no principles anyway
it all goes back to we
to us
we got a wean
baby we got a wean
because it's a budget
a little bit horse crap
is what it is
as much as I used to love sports
most of it today
and if you listen to the sports
colors by the way
it will verify exactly
what I'm telling you
it's a much of a
little horse crap
I'm watching college football
every weekend
and I'm seeing
oh here's a
so here's the
meteorist Schmendrick
he's a true
a freshman
can you hear them
talking about that
in law class
in law school
medical school
journalism school
here's Joe Smith
he's a true freshman
what the hell is a
god damn true
freshman
as opposed to what
as opposed to a
fifth year senior
oh he's been redshirted
blueshirted
greenshirted
he's a dumb frickin'
jock who's taken a spot
in the school
where somebody with a
brain ought to be
learning something
who might be productive
someday
a true god damn
freshman
you know what that
reminds me of it's like
when in the stock market
when the stocks are
plunging like they
have been lately
and they talk about people
investing in bonds
and they say oh it's
a flight to quality
the implication being
that if you're buying
stocks it's a bunch of
crap
if you want quality
you'll buy bonds
flight to quality
what a stupid
god damn term
idiotic
it's like all these
great stocks
general motorists
general electric
all these other
things that you've
got all your life
tied up it
it's really a bunch of
crap and the people
are a little nervous now
so that it's a
flight to quality
they're buying
freaking bonds
five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty
on the AT&T
wireless line
why people admire
scumbags
I was talking to my
friend the porter
out there
my international Friday
and he was telling me
oh Jay was there just
a couple weeks ago
and the same thing
people falling
all over him
people falling all
over him
people coming up for his
autograph
oh Mr. Simpson
how you doing?
of course he can't get
away too fast
and those are
thridignees now
anymore
let's hear it
that's a good news
now he really does have
the arthritis
bad
sometimes god's
a little bit slow
and getting around to
doing it
but you know
eventually sooner or
later he'll get there
five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty
on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile
and four
lottery
hello
yes sir
you sound real big
and talk
okay
here's bouquet
hello
hello
hey it's
I just want to say before I
start an honor to talk to you
enjoy your show
the term true
freshman
I think I was
started at the University
of Tennessee actually
you got the true
freshman
actually go to class
and you got the false
freshman who also
have the tutors
so it may have
stemmed from there
also concerning the
the criminals are
fascination with the
criminals of the
bugs
the scumbags
I remember
I was
a week or two ago
you brought up the
point where
I always thought
it was hurricane
fluid
we couldn't get anything
on the
four-word shooting
it was like it was
publicly accepted
right
I don't know
I was only seven
arrayed anyway
you know
not much
sure anymore
yeah exactly
you know
when you had the
Atlanta shooting
you had the shooting
at Columbine
sure you had 24-hour
coverage then
but now it's
slowly but surely
even though it was
in a church
it's publicly
acceptable it's part of
our society now
and that's just good
you know since we get
out of church we just can't
protect it
and by the way
governor Bush were real proud
of you
for signing that billet law
and that makes it legal
you know
he didn't want
outlaw having
guns in church in
Texas how do you like
that?
if they want to outlaw
they have to put up
this is the truth
they have to put up a sign
in Texas in churches
to say that no guns
allowed otherwise it's
okay
is that fact?
yes
that is
oh gosh
that is crazy
one last thing
any word on whether we can get
the Timothy McVeigh or
Terry Nichols to the
golf term in next year
they'll be out
they'll be there
okay great
by the way
well one on each side
have a great day now
in fact that's a great idea
when they stick them
in a goddamn electric
chair or they don't do
that over there
but nevertheless
if they did
maybe we could have
like stand in the middle
right in between
we could have a three
cedar
two scumbags on each side
and Sam's in the middle
and I'll be glad to go
and pull the switch by the way
five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty
on the 18t wireless line
too many thicknecks
running around
that's the problem
too many really
really stupid
idiotic
I mean
dumber than saw
the thicknecks running
around
and I'm glad to see
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey buddy how you doing?
You want to know about the colors? Yes sir.
You look me up big time man. I've been listening to you talk about Nick's. I've been a R2L
flintay smoker for quite a while. Right. The 8, 5, 8 and the Hemingways and finally
stretched myself all the way down to Flagler to go to Nick's and I'm going to pick up two
which is stupid because I thought I'd sample it out. Now I'm stuck here on the Paul
Meadow because I got to go back because they were awesome. I'm unbelievably good. That
the rectangular film. I had almost squared down.
Unbelievable. Good. The other one that he's got that kind of tapered small shorty on the other side.
Ferdoma reserve. Sweet. Super sweet. So I just wanted to thank you. Great.
And for turning me on to that place is that come stuff there now.
Okay. Thanks Neil. Thanks a lot pal. Bye. Okay that's the next spot coming up so there's a good
segue. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Anybody see the piece on the nightline
on what was it? Dayline last night about the admins probably not. Here's the curlgables. Hello.
Oh yes sir. Hi Neil. Neil I'm just calling because I want to congratulate you with your show.
I come from Europe and because of my business spend a lot of time in the car and I want to tell you
thank you very much for making my day a lot different and congratulations on your show. You really
do a great job. Okay. God bless you sir. All right. Thank you. I pray for you. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay sir. I wanted to say
something a comment about Sam the OJ Bug Kissing Man. I knew him very well and his old 96 days.
Yeah. And let me tell you that guy if you give him a little bit of power in front of a star he
thinks he is the king. You get that guy a little bit of asshole. Look all he is is a glorified
party planner. That's all he is. Yeah. He'll never be anything else. Okay. So I mean what he did
was 100% wrong because it was his family that got hacked up and murdered. Let me tell you right
now the whole story will be different. Yeah right. And that's it happened to him. Let me tell you
right now. This is the celebrity. How do you like that? When I was young, I got to hear
people at the newspapers. He's running a joint. He's a guy named Little Promotions Punk and the
only reason here is because he's kind of like an honorary stepchild of the Reed family is the
only reason he's got a job here and he's talking to the newspapers. He's Mr. Hot Shot because like
I told you, he's part of that club. Exactly. He's unbelievable. I had a friend of mine who
little brother was murdered about five years ago and let me tell you right now the group that his
family has been through because of that. Yeah. I mean when you hear about this OJ thing, I know that
you have nothing to do with 100% but let me tell you right now that station is to disgrace.
Why don't they just fire that guy? Why don't they just get rid of that guy? I'm going to tell you
if this were a real business which it's not but if it were at least one and probably two heads
would have already rolled over this thing. Man, give me the major mistake is what he did and
and everybody looks down on that station now which you know you switch stations to a sports station
and it's got a lot better but I mean you know he just disgrace the station by allowing that
that maniac to be there and I'm just here right now. I hope that I'm around that I'm still alive
when I've seen the news that somebody took OJ out. I can't let that happen. Okay. Can't wait. Thanks
they'll thanks. You'll hear it first here. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Must be a coincidence I guess a lot of sour people too in all those neighborhoods every time OJ
keeps looking at the house and they keep saying no. They'll buy over here but once they know how
it's get that a lot of here. See I think some of the people in this building have got an upside
down they've got it backwards. It's not needle it's like you know in the minority on this. It's like
I'm with the overwhelming majority. There may be something something in the minority but in this
particular case the overwhelming majority of rational people people with a brain larger than a
BB they don't want to be anywhere near this murdering low life piece of turd okay. No matter how many
yards he ran for no matter how many God damn trophies he had and a God damn trophy case that they
had a pawn to get the money for nobody gives a crap because a scumbag is still a scumbag.
The common here in December I heard they got a new member.
Yeah. My only prayer is that grams for rely.
They never got a chance to see them. Loosen all this vision and most of this area but
grandma had to pinch in the room where he craved it to be grandma.
Grandpa's all the road and bones and when he hurt painted black he's my bones and when he dies they buried
the
The two of the say-keys, Stomach and the big day,
they discovered fast.
I'm one.
While Star's going around town,
Santa's child has walked to re-great-grandchildren.
I was bothered to retire.
Nobody knows.
Redstone talks about daggling, some intense, some care-friendly.
Rowing around a nursing home with all time a sweat.
All those in debt, dear, we'll check
the name of the team.
Boy, I'm just wondering what you think, George.
Grandpa loved the role in Stomach.
And when he faced that as bad as he was,
and when he died, they caught a big tongue on his head.
Stomach.
Grandpa loved the role in Stomach.
When he picked up and said, last part of Stomach,
I'm going to try to keep on moving fast to get this done.
Stomach.
Stomach.
Stomach.
Stomach.
Stomach.
I'm about three or five six years.
I can just see some of these people taking their little kids up.
You know, here's O.J. Let's get his autograph, Tommy.
You know what I mean?
O.J. did kill two people in cold blood.
And he does do drugs, and he's a bad guy.
And everybody hates him like poison.
But once upon a time he was the hell of a football player, Tommy.
Maybe O.J. A lot of grafts, your guy, Dan Football,
if you speak real nice to him, and call him Mr. Simpson.
Excellent job, folks.
You're really doing a great job.
Let me say it again.
Those of you assholes who were there on Friday,
and anybody else who would ask O.J. Simpson for an autograph
or even dignify him with your presence.
Scumbags.
That's a compliment, by the way.
Scumbags.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hey, now how you doing?
Okay, sir.
What makes you sick about O.J. is you heard about that B.F.
for over a year on TV and all that other stuff, right?
Every time we think he goes away, they keep dragging him back.
Yeah, and then he goes away for a couple of years.
And he can go anywhere in the world, right?
Where does he end up here?
No, he can't go anywhere in the world because nobody wants him.
Well, right.
The only one that seems to keep dragging him around and shoving in our faces is...
Roll!
That's what he did to attach that to hit those two.
Yeah, and he's got to land up in our lap, right?
Yeah.
Well, maybe he was looking for the murderer on the golf course.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
How you doing?
I got a comment about OG.
Yeah.
He should be banned from Florida, never allowed to sit here again.
What do you think of that?
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Yeah, yes, sir.
Hey, you fired up today, huh?
Yes, I am.
I got a story about you for Sam.
Sam the little man?
Yep.
I'm listening, Sam.
Okay, yeah.
I called you before.
I called you a couple times.
The last time I called you about Sam, I told you how he went to go to that club, Camille's,
on Salveech.
Yeah.
Well, one time, well, he used to do, have all the young girls taking their clothes off and
all that stuff on the stage.
Of course.
But there's like a room upstairs, like I guess the DJ booth or something up there.
Yeah, where's your room?
Yeah.
Well, my friend, he wanted to come.
The two-way inbox at the Macarena.
My friend wanted a concept there.
Yeah.
And he went up there to get, you know, get the check or whatever it was that they were going
to give him the money.
And Sam was up there, I guess, with his girlfriend.
My friend goes up there.
He's a pretty big guy, you know.
He's good looking, I guess.
And, uh, okay, great.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line, I'm going to put that on here, right?
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
So I just wanted to comment on, before you were talking about the, um, the job thing and how, you know, how, you know, you can't really leave your job then.
When, you know, when it's really getting to you, even though, even if you have something lined up then, you know,
God knows I hate my job and I'd like to point into all of them, schmutz to go to hell.
But, you know, for right now, I got to do what I got to do, pay to bills and, um, yeah.
I can't really complain being that they let me listen to the official days.
So they go further than that, or?
That's the only good thing you got about your job.
That's the only thing I can say about those still-assholes.
But anyway, so all the other guys just hang in there and if you hate your job, you're not the only one in, uh, just, you know, listen to Neil and you'll be okay.
Just pee in your boss's coffee every morning.
Okay, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Quite a response here to the SoJ business, not.
And I wonder why I went to that whole big saw today, but these phone calls and about the response.
I mean, I could go on for seven hours and get the same response here.
It's been at wait for 100 years. It'll never change.
Here's a mobile in Pompello. Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi, I wanted to be the first to sign up for the John Wayne, Gacy, Invitational.com.
Yeah, it's next to my question.
I'm author.
Uh-huh.
And I heard the Ramsey's are going to be there.
Right, John Ramsey will be here.
And be there.
In fact, we're going to be using John Bonet's head as a ball.
We're going to be whacking it around at the Attenham tournament at the ranch.
I have a question.
Yeah, do you think the same Colombian hit team killed John Bonet that killed the...
Kill them in the corner.
Yeah, the cold.
Okay.
Now, five...
I think he had a bad drug problem.
I think that was the problem.
You made a bad deal.
Yeah.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, these are things that most ordinary folks, like the guy said before, are really tired of.
I mean, we've been OJ to death.
But when you're working this building, it's something that never goes away.
It's on...
In the walls, it's in the ceiling, it's in the air conditioning, it's in the vents, it's in the air, everywhere here.
And by the way, we're just talking during the last break about how the...
So many people are walking around here with their head down, you know, like embarrassed and humiliated about all of this.
Like, how could this have happened here?
Like, we needed this, like, we needed to guide them in the head.
How many times have I told you that they don't like prosperity here?
Just one thing's going to go into best.
They start screwing up stuff like this. And this again is because you got a bunch of little children in the sandbox playing those games.
Playing those games.
Oh, we're going to show him. We'll bring him in anyway. We'll bring him in. We're going to show him. We'll really piss him off.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, we were at the golf tournament on Friday.
Yeah.
We were kind of surprised to see OJ, we actually, you know, thought like LP would be there.
And, you know, like Teddy Hendrix, the old Miami player.
But it seemed as though other people were shocked too.
You know, I mean, people were kind of looking around and like doing double-pages.
Yeah.
Same, you know, was it him?
But we brought a couple football helmets and balls and, you know, I'm fine one.
Why?
What's wrong with that?
Why? Why do you want his autograph?
Oh, it's not that I want it, but, you know, we got LP Hendrix.
We could take the OJ football.
Did they murder anybody?
Did who LP?
Yeah.
I mean, he's a scumbag too, but he didn't murder anybody.
Neil, if your autograph was worth anything, I, I get it.
Oh, in words, it's a monetary thing.
You have no values.
The only thing you care about is how much is it worth.
Is that what you're saying, sir?
I collect memorabilia.
Scumbag.
Scumbag.
Scumbag.
Scumbag.
Scumbag.
Collect this.
Okay.
And I've got to implate and have it for lunch.
Scumbag.
People like you, sir, make me nauseous.
Make me want to vomit.
How much is it worth?
I'll tell you what it's worth.
That's what it's worth.
That's in dread.
That's what it's worth, pal.
You idiot.
Took along a football helmet.
Now, let me ask you this.
How could they have taken it along?
What a, you know, a helmet that anything to do with him,
like a bill is a 49er.
Well, what would be the point?
Unless they knew he was going to be there,
which nobody knew he was going to be there,
except on the inside here.
Which is another thing that made it totally pointless.
It didn't, it didn't help in any possible way
to bring anybody out there.
Because number one, the thing was already sold out.
And number two, nobody knew he was going to be there anyway.
So what possible benefit could there be for this in a million years?
None.
Absolutely positively none.
Just a source of tremendous embarrassment
and Sam running around in the media,
getting this picture taken on Channel 10.
Oh, it's me.
It's me.
It's me.
Look, I'm a star.
It's me.
He's an asshole.
Oh.
Floridian.
Dunn-Avdert.
I'm a rich.
Oh, whoa.
Oh, whoa.
Oh, whoa.
Tell me that we're here.
See if I want to see.
Tell me that you're here.
No.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
No.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Don't tell me you're stuck.
Can't move around, bouncing up and down.
Just promise me, baby, that's the thing that's been done from now.
No, they did.
A baby for your kids, it gets you to judge our beauty.
I'll throw up a cartwheel to find no back to real.
Because I don't want to, passing down the beat.
I don't want to be a cop.
But did you get a book?
I don't mean to see through it.
I want to see you through.
To see someone I want to see.
Oh, this, I'm going to tell you something.
I'm, I can't do it.
I cannot continue.
I just, somebody just facts me.
And I wish I knew where the hell this was from.
This must be the Palm Beach Post.
It doesn't look like anything from our papers here.
I pray.
An article by Tom, that's THOM, Tom Smith.
This, this is the worst piece of crap I have ever read in the history of my life.
O.J. Simpson creates a little stir in macaroni.
It's a piece of art.
During Saturday Night Live, 25th anniversary shows Sunday,
Nor McDonald noticed that one of the few celebrities not in the audience was O.J. Simpson.
That's because he was in South Florida.
And though he wasn't looking for the killer of his ex-wife,
Nicole and Ron Goldman, he was playing golf in a charity tournament in Miami.
He also did some house hunting,
smoothing through some high-end listings in Coconut Grove.
Between the golf and the house hunting,
Jews and a non-identified couple stopped for lunch Saturday at the macaroni grill in West Kendall.
The conversation range from baseball analysis to his 2000 yard season to his plants to move east.
He told the couple he won't move before next summer because he wants his daughter to finish middle school in California.
The next two paragraphs, if I'm able to read the words, it'll be a miracle.
If I'm able to spit these words out, halfway through his meal,
O.J. was noticed by a group of 30 women and girls attending a baby shower.
Tentatively at first, they began to walk over and ask for autographs,
and then despite his painfully arthritic knees, he graciously posed for pictures.
How old are you? He asked one woman, ceasing them all at the turn on some charm.
30 while you still look like a teenager.
Tom Smith in whatever paper I'm pretty sure it's the Palm Beach Post,
you're an ass sucker, man. Even Larry King would be in birth. You're an ass sucker.
A group of 30 women.
After he did this wonderful, charitable thing for us,
helping raise money for a charity where he wasn't wanted, by the way,
where he was reviled and invited not to be.
And he's down there graciously posing for pictures and signing autographs.
Maybe they collect Memorabelia too.
Makes you just want to vomit. Makes you just give up all hope.
How many are there any decent people out there?
Anybody with any values? No.
In America? I hear Charlie Manton is going to be out for a weekend.
This coming weekend. Maybe we can get him on whatever we got going on QAM.
I'm sure we'll find a whole bunch of sponsors.
Want to get involved with that?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miramar. Hello.
I knew. You probably went on about this this morning. I didn't get any out of your turn, John.
But what was the status about Bill Andrew?
What is the status of it? What does that mean?
I mean...
No, I didn't talk about it this morning. I'm doing the new arrived show.
I feel hungry. He's going to be on another station pal.
I've already given him enough publicity.
You know what I'm saying?
5, 6, 7, 05. See, this is what I'm talking about. The colors.
You colors are as useless as teats on a bullfrog, man.
You're as useless as Sam in our promotion department.
I go through God then two hours here.
Yesterday, I spent one of the most gut-wrenching days in the history of my life.
Here's a God then column I just read that ought to make you want to spit flood.
Just want to puke your guts out.
And this guy wants to know if I can give through a little bit more goddamn promotion.
Maybe tomorrow pal, not today.
Here's a mobile informer. Hello.
Hi, Neil. You have a nice look.
Yes.
Okay, good. Couple things.
Do you watch the show The Practice?
No.
I've had a little OJ reference the other night. I'll just make it quick.
The guy who had been accused of decapitating a woman.
And then was acquitted.
It was kicked out of his condo by the Condo Association.
So we sued him and they went into court and they said,
look, he was acquitted.
And the prosecutor stood up and said, what's it mean that he was acquitted?
That doesn't make him not guilty. Look at OJ.
I'm pretty cool.
There you go.
Yeah.
The other thing I wanted to say is Hank actually started me thinking about this yesterday
when someone called him to say he got OJ to sign a bullfrog.
Okay.
And then this guy with the memorabilia.
And then these women in the macaroni grill and can you?
And at first I'm thinking, you know, what happened yesterday?
What's that glove worth?
I thought, you know, nothing.
What would pay for that?
But, you know, there's this segment of the population, for example,
that sends proposals for marriage.
Right? Right.
The people on death row, that's right.
Exactly.
Like David Berkowitz.
Every time some crazy person gets put in a slamer for a killing about 20 or 30 people,
right away they start getting marriage proposals from desperate, create other crazy people.
Exactly.
In some weird sort of way, it's like this has revived Simpson.
I don't even know why we call him OJ.
I don't.
Why this has revived Simpson's public persona.
You know, he was nothing.
He was a retired football player with a two-bit movie career.
And now he's in the public eye.
I don't agree with you at all.
The fact is that almost everywhere he goes.
I mean, this story, I don't even know if they got made this story up this bull crap here,
because he's obviously an OJ sucker, would call him the juice and all of that graciously
did this in spite of his arthritic needs.
This is just an ass-sucking column as all it is.
But the fact is that no matter where he goes, he is generally reviled by almost everybody
and nobody wants him living anywhere near them.
And you know, that was the truth.
And that's actually the last one I wanted to make.
And like Hank said yesterday, he comes down here because in Southern California,
he's poison.
Nobody wants him anywhere near them.
Right.
And as I said, that's the last one I wanted to make, despite the fact that there is this thick segment
of the population that seems fascinated by him.
In my opinion, even more so now than prior to the murders, I think, you know,
is there hope for, well, there it, like you say, the majority of decent society,
all of decent society, and I think the majority of society in general ostracizes this guy
and sees him for what he is, which is nothing but a murderer.
I hope so.
Have a good Simhistaur.
And back to you.
It's like a Zagasvack.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Happy Sukhas.
I don't know who got about that.
Let's go out in the Sukhas shack.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
For WQAM to have invited to this golf tournament, a known murderer,
to me is reprehensible.
It is indecent.
Especially when they agreed that they weren't going to do it in the first place.
That's the worst part of it.
And it shows a total lack of class and commitment to those decent individuals in the community.
I also show a lack of respect for those of us who work here who promoted this thing on a year
and got behind it.
And then they lied to us telling us that he wasn't going to be there.
That was my...
That was my next point.
I feel for all of you because I am a Paul.
And I never call in shows.
I listen all the time.
But I am a Paul that this has happened.
And I am going to write to the local newspapers in this area.
And I think, and I really feel strongly about this, that the Reed family should be associated
and should be tied in with this whole thing.
And maybe we can put the Simpson name next to the Reed name because I mean this is just the most pathetic
and the most disgraceful show of...
And maybe it can be Beasley Simpson Reed.
That's kind of a ring of a ring of a ring.
That's exactly right.
I mean it is really great for the idiots, the assholes, the morons, the lowlights
who go up the OJ Simpson and dignify his presence to me shows just basically...
These people need to be put in a rubber room somewhere.
I mean this isn't just a question of, you know, a difference of opinion.
These are people who have no principle.
They're scumbags just like he is.
You know, anyway, it's disgraceful.
I'm totally just...
I mean, just...
I'm baffled by this.
And my only comment to you is rise above it and tell Cuy and the ghost screw themselves.
Okay, take care of everything.
And file that suit.
Yeah, I demanded an apology the other day from some of the people around here.
They said...
I will give it to you.
Yeah.
The whole audience wants an apology.
I will give it to you.
The guy that I'm sponsored is the guy that people at Lago Marwan are an apology.
I will give it to you.
Right.
You got to buy as much chance to get an apology out of this outfit as you do a Larry Payne back
those people from 30, 40 years ago.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So glad that he had a nice lunch down here in West Kendall who made it had to be at a place
that we like at one of our fine sponsors, by the way, with an unidentified couple.
Right.
After who that was.
Oh, exactly.
I wonder who they...
Roller.
Might have been.
Huh?
Isn't that what I said to you before?
Wait, can you hear this?
The unidentified couple.
I know who he must have been.
Roller.
I wonder who she might have been.
That would sure be interesting to find out, wouldn't it?
Uh-huh.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Daniel?
Yes, sir.
Neil, why is everybody so bitter about asking for this guy's autograph?
Meaning what?
Yeah, see the guy asking for his autograph.
Well, what does that mean?
Why does everybody so bitter?
What does that mean?
What are you saying?
What language are you speaking in?
Well, if you see him on a golf course, hey, O.J., could you sign this for me?
What is so wrong about that?
What is wrong with that is, why would you want the autograph of somebody who's a scumbag?
Why do you want that, sir?
What are you going to do with it?
Are you going to go shine your ass with it?
What are you going to do with it?
Well, Neil, I don't know.
Yeah, well, when you figure it out, call me back and tell me what you're going to do with it.
You're going to sit there and play with it?
Is that what you're going to do?
You're going to fantasize with it?
You're going to look at the name and score a little on it?
Is that what you're going to do, pal?
You silly person, you.
He can't figure it out.
Well, we'll draw you a goddamn diagram.
Check out.
Station stands for nothing.
See?
See?
Like this, see?
See?
See?
See?
See?
See?
See?
See?
See?
See?
See?
See?
See?
We came to many things very hard to make up all white halls, high p everyone's bridges,
I love the damage it's high, don't want to do it
I should make your high, don't want to do it
But today we think that we should better say
We say we're not gay
I swim with my gay
They play like men and they look like women
I'm 22 at 560 WQM
This is an article here
By the way, the good news is it is in the Palm Beach Post
Thank God it's not in Dayton, Broward
We got enough assholes down here already
This Tom Smith, that's THLN
OJ creates a little stir
Stir this time
Right in the middle of your goddamnel zone
Stick a little in there
My dog's left a little deposit this morning
I'll bring it for you dinner tomorrow night
You jackass, you imbecile, you suckle
You professional, imbecile, suckle
At the Palm Beach Post
You should only rot
Let me put something out to you
If you had a fetish you would like Charles Manson
You're entitled
But don't bring it to work
Don't try to inflict it on everybody else
On people with a brain, on people with common sense
On even just a minuscule amount of decency
Just a minuscule
I'm not one of those people that sets myself
Way to hell above everybody else
I'm as much of a pervert as anybody on a goddamn's
But this idea that somehow
We're gonna suck up to an asshole
Because he wants to play the sport
Even though we know exactly what can
And the fact that women, women in a restaurant
Went in for an autograph
And if I had one woman caller here today
No
About this situation
Which you ought to be the first one
Offended nauseated by the fact that he's inflicting him on us again here
Not one
Here's Miami
Hello
Yeah
Yes sir
Boy, this is one day I wish it could be a fly
So it could be in the walnut meeting room at 2 o'clock today
Yeah
What I don't understand is
If I agree with the gentleman
Two callers ago
If he is so ostracized by most people
What I don't understand is
Everything's like everywhere he goes
People are like falling over tables, knocking chairs over today
Because you got one more than 30 women
You got to understand
Oh, I want to get who she is
I don't understand
That I don't get them again
I don't believe it
I mean this guy is obviously a psycho fan
Maybe there were three women not a 30 that went over and did that
Well, I just
But if the golf tournament on Friday
You're right
All the suckholes
Including most of our sales department that on the second floor
They were all there sucking his ass
What I don't understand
Is if the will there be
Or has there been fallout
From the sponsors on the station
I got to think that some of the sponsors are just not only connected
With the golf tournament
But some of your clients in general are just mortified over the whole thing
I mean this is, you know, touching the OJ thing
Is almost like playing with nitroglycerin for a lot of sponsors
Okay, thanks for calling out
Of course, you can see you're confusing the people like Sam
And the Luhen who's owning our sales manager by the way
You think a sales manager
She'd have enough common sense
And I care enough about this radio station
To understand the repercussions in the fallout
Does she understand that?
No
Here's a mobile-invoting V-chillow
Yeah, hey Neil, good afternoon, how are you?
Okay, sir
I would like to comment also on the OJ issue
I think that maybe we're forgetting the fact that
Or some people may be
Excited to see him not because he was a famous football star
Or a movie star, what have you
But because he's a guy that committed these murders
And he's still out on the street
Isn't that great?
Well, I think that that's why people are, you know, hey look, it's OJ
So let's go get his autograph?
Well, I don't know necessarily why anybody would want his autograph
I mean, how about the assholes in LA when he was doing the big chase on the freeway
And they were all running up on the overpasses
And on the side of the road with big signs
You go, OJ, go, OJ
Maybe you can keep in mind
That was at a time when everybody in their right mind
I believe that he was the one that did the murders
Because it looked like he was trying to do a getaway there with AJ
And go, OJ, what kind of scumbags behave that way?
Crazy people
Maybe some people feel kneel that if my wife's going to step around with some other guy
And, you know, and OJ, hold his wife, well maybe I can do it
I don't know
Great, that's just the way some people think
You know, go long, OJ
You know, don't do it, my wife's not going to cheat on me
Okay, have a great thing about it
I don't need it
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, no women, they have no interest in this, they don't care
They think, you know, it's okay, in fact, if they saw OJ
If he was next door they'd run over for a photograph right now
Oh my God, it just makes your shake, you're hidden and wondering
And you wonder why the kids are getting raised the way that they are
And nobody's got any goddamn values and nobody has any premium on human life in this society
Scumbags, we have a sickness here in our midst
Pull God damn stations being torn apart
Because we have four or five people in this place
Who are obsessed with a goddamn murdering son of a bitch
Here's Helen Dale, hello
Hello?
Yes sir
Yeah, who's this guy you were talking about who's in the pictures proud to be in him with OJ and asked for his autograph
Same, our promotions man
I think it was in the same place that he was at once where he met OJ
You couldn't believe the amount of ass kissing
You know what he said is he met OJ?
Yeah
Listen
Okay, great
Good job pal
5670560, pound 560 on the 18th D wireless line
Just pathetic
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Oh Neil?
Yes sir
Yes, I was calling, I should have called you last Wednesday
I was apologizing but I was in coconut grove and I'm walking into cocoa walk
I hear this loud voice, of course I recognize the voice
And I look up and you stand there but OJ
So I think I'm going to meet somebody and have lunch
And we stand beside him but he blind about 5 to 10 maybe 26 years old
So I grew up stairs and I tell my friend
So I thought I was stairs and he said so I told him
And I think what is he doing here?
Then I started thinking, I play golf so since he's probably here to play golf
And I'm thinking why?
Then I get in the car and I hear the promo for the golf tournament
Now all this comes to light and did I saw him later on that day?
Convertible Mustang, wife with a girl
Driving down the street people
Fist in the air, go OJ
Really?
People with their fish in the air do an OGO OJ?
Yeah
Yeah
Absolutely
Of his persuasion, you know, I don't want to say anything but those because it is the growth
Oh, smarts as you're talking about
More or less, yes
More or less
Well, correct, more
But anyway, I felt good for not calling because I probably told you
You would have found out why he's here and that's why he was here
Oh no, you wouldn't understand they never would have fed stuff to in the first place
This has been in the works in spite of Sam's lie here in the newspaper
This has been in the works for a long time
There's no way he could have just walked it off the street
No, I mean this is way too much
This way was the last minute deal
How could they have gotten them here for the last minute deal
If he was here, first he says they flew him down here from LA
And they paid to bring him here and then he says it was the last minute deal
Well, he was here Wednesday at noon, I can tell you that
And I heard on his cell phone, he started on his cell phone real loud
That's why I noticed him about I need...
Is he always busy?
You want?
No, I need to talk to a limo driver
Is he always that busy?
Now if I took two together, my understanding came to the cost terminal limo
Yeah
Okay, so...
You heard what he told a limo driver didn't you when he said...
That was kind of the interesting part
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
that's where you're not in the acting. By the way, anybody see the acting space on Dateline last night? No, pretty good I thought. Except for that registered dietitian bitch, who didn't know we're ants from my elbow.
And now for the selfie.
How long it's gonna take?
How they all come and take another break?
Dayway start time with something too different.
Just try that guy and bring it to an end.
No use today, let's do that for OJ.
He can't defend his rage.
He's locked up in his cage.
We just don't understand.
I mean, what's wrong with you?
The murder is on a ground.
Well, you get to see, I just told you,
I'm gonna work on this.
I'm gonna file out the names of all of the people in our sales department
on their on that second floor,
who were their suckin' OJ's big black ass on Friday and getting his autograph.
And just read the list, you know, without any commentary.
They're entitled.
I mean, certainly, wouldn't they be proud of it?
Wouldn't you think?
Sure, they wouldn't be embarrassed by it.
Makes him more of a man.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Would you want to hear Kennedy's autograph right now today?
How about Robert Wagon?
No. How about Robert Wagon?
No.
Because you know what they did, right?
Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna do that.
I don't think you want it.
You want it that day?
Yeah, okay.
Okay, Mr. Professional Black person, blow it out your ass and happy sookist.
567-0560, I'm so tired of that crap.
I mean, that's just ridiculous.
Just absolutely ridiculous.
I don't want anybody's autograph to be honest with you.
I'm not an autographed person.
I couldn't give a crap less about anybody's autograph.
I can't think of one person in the world whose autograph I want.
Not one.
I have some at home, but I didn't go out and get them.
Lister's brought them in.
I got rewitties autographed.
There you go. He never killed anybody.
Nick.
Nick who?
From the back doors.
Nick Carter's autographed?
Who do I want? Nick Carter's autographed for it.
Maybe Nick from 98 degrees.
I might take his autograph on my arm.
Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you.
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent in his right code than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple head.
You stupid fat-bagged.
Okay, but I still want his guy to be a autographed person.
567-0560, 0560 on the HVNT wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Good afternoon, if.
Yes, sir.
Lister, you know, it turns out we're all wrong.
We're all suspecting that other station down the other end of the dial about this OJ Crap WFAN.
Yeah.
And it turns out you didn't have to look too far.
Just turn around.
They're right behind you.
Mm-hmm.
Who's it that killed Caesar?
I had two broodists and they're stabbing you in the back.
Yeah.
Lister, you know who I'm not worried about.
I'm not worried about the fan.
I couldn't you have a crap blast.
I'm not worried about anybody.
Like I said, in Jicke's article the other day, our enemy isn't from the outside.
Our biggest problem is you're running inside.
And that's the truest guy I've done thing I've ever told you.
Yep. It's broodists.
Listen, you know who really hates OJ now?
I need a Bryant.
Yeah.
That's it.
I think I'm not a material if I even had any.
Okay, I'm likely.
567-0560, 0560 on the HVNT wireless line.
Well, she was pedalino, J there for a while, till I chased her ass out of town.
Bitch.
Here's Orlando.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, let's take a break from talking about OJ for a second.
You know, we receive you all the way up in Orlando.
Thank God.
Yeah.
You know, because the only thing they got up here is Rustlant Ball and Dr. Landle or whatever their name is.
Yeah.
And when you go on that meeting, it's happening in your mind.
I'm down there on that floor that you've got followers up here.
Sure.
I got followers all the way down there.
There's a place we have people listening all over the world on the internet.
And we have no God.
They made 800 number.
That's the first thing in my agenda, sir.
I'll tell you why.
I moved out of Fort Laudal two months ago.
Thank God.
I don't live in Orlando.
I live on New Sumerna Beach.
And one thing happens if I move the ringing from my ears have gone away from all the shit.
It happens every time.
And I just want to let you know, keep up the great work.
And thank God I can pick you up in here and my truck up this way.
And you're the, yeah, that's it.
You know, like you can go on up in New Orlando where they believe it or not.
Okay, pal.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Say hi to Mickey.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's Mickey Roker, of course.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'll show.
I just want to know.
Why?
How did it even start that OJ was even famous?
How did it start that he was famous because he was a jock.
He was a football player.
Yes, but after that he became way more famous.
Right.
Right.
That makes sense to you.
Does it make sense?
Yes.
Well, when you got a trial that's on television all over the world that goes on for months and
months and months, yeah, it does make sense.
So it's just a money maker then?
Yeah, it was sure it was.
Look at all these people that got it with the cottage industry.
Look at all the people that got jobs out of it.
Everybody did it, definitely.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
Whatever you're saying.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
He meant well.
560, 560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Happy suckers to you.
And the back to you.
I think OJ should buy Johnny Versace's old house.
Yeah.
And I think somebody should buy exactly right.
And I think you should also be sitting in the circuit today.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
Great.
I got a little bit of good material that I'd like to share that you could take into your
two o'clock meeting as to how unwelcome OJ is.
Okay.
I'm from Los Angeles, originally.
I was, unfortunately, went to a Catholic school in elementary school out there.
And some of his children were in that school.
And he is no longer welcome at the church to practice his faith, whatever you may think about that.
All right.
And he's also a really added golfer.
And he used to be a member of the Riviera Country Club where they play the LA open every year.
Right.
He is no longer welcome there.
So why people would welcome him down here is beyond me.
So just share that with whoever you want to share it with and I'm out.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, all over the world they don't want it.
But we got, unfortunately, we got these down here.
So we have to have been inflicted on us.
Especially, see, this is the worst part.
When you have a specific conversation and you say, I'm not going to get involved and my charity don't want to get involved.
Unless you assure me that this particular person, whoever it is, whether it's God damn Ted Bundy, whether it's Charles Manchin, whoever the hell it is, unless you assure me this person is in a vote.
Okay, no problem.
Guaranteed.
Okay, fine.
Everybody, the morning guys, the worst team, I get on the air promoted.
Tank is on air promoting it.
Ed Kaplan, everybody on this radio station, apart that where you were reading the thing, Joe wasn't promoting it.
But I'll see there.
You're locked out.
Well, he's only got a guy in our show on Saturday.
He don't have time to promote this crap.
Plus he's psychic.
He was talking to Schroger and about it.
He said, don't do it.
Honey, don't do it.
Who did you going to be there?
So what he said.
And then we got on here and then they turn it.
They turn us into liars.
Okay, they're liars so we should be liars too.
Because if there's one thing that prevails in his story, let me tell you right now,
and you can take it to the bank and write it down on Wayne's rectum, okay?
And that is that lying is a way of life in this place.
I've never been surrounded by so many professional liars in all my life.
I mean, everybody lies a little bit.
But this place, like I said, it's like if he asked what time a day it was,
and they told you you'd go find somebody with a watch to make sure you'd look at the clock.
If they told you it was raining, you'd run to the window and look outside just to verify it.
Here's a lady in the mobile.
Hello.
Lady mobile.
Okay, great.
Thank you.
She said he's a piece of crap.
There's our first lady caller and she said crap on here.
There you go.
But I think you got a good point, sweetheart.
Now, the women just don't care about this.
You know, he can go and murder his wife.
And they seem most of the people who are really, well, not most.
Most sensible people, but especially women.
After all the wife beating and the brutal way to kill this wife and et cetera and so on,
most of the civilized women with a brain are just nauseated, appalled when even hear the name.
In fact, when they go to the supermarket, they only buy orange juice that were the word is spelled out.
If it says, oh, Jay, they immediately, just like with Dracula, where you help the cape up in the area,
you know, with the wolf, pain in the cross, same thing.
They just run away from it.
As soon as they see the goddamn initials.
But then again, everybody's got initials now, right?
You got H.C. and L.T. and O.J. and it's the American F and Way, baby.
It's the jock mentality way.
Like we got on the dolphin, you got your T-buck.
Huh? Everybody's got to have a nickname.
They're going to have an initials.
And in all fits, we got an O.J. too.
As a matter of fact, if he had a brain, he would change his name.
If he was smart.
Where are we going?
Am I missing something here, or am I just, uh, here's a mobile in Miami?
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I was with Michelle about five minutes.
And I had chick stuff on yourself.
I happened to have you know, whatever.
I don't appreciate that.
And she said you had no talent.
She's a piece of crap.
Okay, thanks.
Here's a Miami Beach.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, I had an O.J. citing about a month ago in South Beach.
And let me tell you something.
All those stupid idiots that went up to a NASA for his autograph.
You couldn't believe how many people surrounded him.
And I'm just kind of wondering.
I thought he was out looking for the killer of his former wife.
And, uh, you know, I was wondering.
He's doing it under cover.
He figures if he makes enough friends, you know, a lot of them will
fess up to doing it.
I think he's doing it on the golf course.
Was he doing it by the way?
Because it was probably, you know, somebody from down here that done it.
Go on.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Too bad they didn't have O.J. around when Sam had his brisk.
If he had one, always went his way, one, so I doubted.
You know, I'm talking about, I bet you could have done a real, real,
good job.
Of course, when you got a penis the size of a button mushroom, I guess you don't make
too much difference, huh, Sam?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're going to get the names of all of QAM salespeople by the way who were
there suck at O.J.'s ass on Friday and put them on the year tomorrow.
I might spend a whole hour just giving a list of names of assholes who want
to place their lips on O.J.'s rectum after it gets out of the way.
Oh, it's not just the one to two.
You are, it's a phenomenon.
Alright.
When the squader back it's only, he likes receivers that are wise.
Some people say that number A is gay.
Okay.
I'm going to get the names of the guys that please Eggman.
He loves the staff cowboys on air behind.
Back, back, back, back, back, back, back, come.
He's got a spot to spare petation.
America's team is world renowned.
He's got a lot of people on air.
He's got a lot of people on air.
He's got a lot of people on air.
I'm going to get the names of the guys on air.
I'm going to get the names of the guys on air.
I'm going to get the names of the guys on air.
I'm going to get the names of the guys on air.
Yeah, no thanks.
Hey, listen, how can you get as big as people unless you're biting something?
560, maybe it's only a Salami sandwich.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
They had a bad trend.
It was a bad trend.
I'd be a little bit concerned.
Maybe it's all those spots.
I mean, how could anybody find endurance contest for the talent?
It's an endurance contest for the listeners.
Let's see if we'll get you to hold through like 413 minute breaks and about a 5 minute commentary and a couple of sports updates.
Here's Daniel B.
Hello.
It seems like to me with all this OJ and this sightings and all why don't we all get together and block traffic?
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Excellent idea.
Every time people get pissed off, they get away from the Cubans now.
Every time we get another ethnic group pissed off and they go out there and block traffic.
So we don't have to wait for ethnic groups to do it.
Let's all ask white folk to go out there and do it.
Otherwise, we can keep emergency vehicles from getting to their destination.
Right.
Can I call someone to do something?
No.
I'll done with that as of yesterday, pal.
I'll come up and tell me some assholes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Boy, nice move there, Daniel.
I'll tell you.
People, your eyes open.
Oh, yeah, we're going to get there.
I know you're not.
No, you're not.
You're an asshole, Pete.
You're a moron.
Everybody all over town is laughing at you.
It's got them lined up.
In fact, I might read it down here again tomorrow.
Give me some more free publicity.
How about that 0.9 there, huh?
Afternoon, drive 50,000 month and they sign it up again.
They're bringing her back.
He's part of that great new fall lineup for spilted talk.
Man.
Pretty pretty sad.
Very, very, very, very sad.
You talk about a guy that's got to have naked pictures.
I mean, I bet he's got naked pictures of Rhonda Wolf
with a god named We're Wolf.
Where do you think she got that name?
And it went from Michael.
And by the way, speaking of Michael, great newsman, Mike.
I worked with an INC.
Hell of a newsman, a good guy.
But God, forget the week humor there on Rick and Todd's in the morning.
Have you ever heard that?
Mike Wolf tried to do the funny news at the top of the air either.
Oh, God, please stop.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile imponvied, chill out.
And you'll, hey, don't.
Great.
I know why OJ's in town.
Jimmy's going to sign them.
Will the other folks just go?
You know something that we, what happened with Underwood yesterday
over the weekend?
That's a good point.
The meetrius.
Well, the future is he's got on that team.
OJ's a perfect example.
Yeah.
Bring it back.
OK.
I'm going to get those knees all straightened up.
A little cortisone here and there.
A little shot of this, a little shot of that, a little shot of that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pop.
60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's my any.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you think OJ can sign a set of Gintuinives for me?
Let's do a poppano.
Hello.
That wasn't too bad.
That was really great.
Yeah, whatever.
Listen to you.
The only thing you have, we are not even worse than having a book on there
would be if they put Joe's a Gackie on.
Yeah.
Where's the Gackie sucks.
OK.
Listen, one thing you mentioned a couple of minutes ago about, you know, about having OJ under the office.
There are two guys named OJ under the office.
You got OJ McDuffin, you got OJ, the line bracket.
I can't think of his last name.
Now, Burgantra's something like that.
Oh, yeah.
But listen, OJ, we got two JJs too.
Yeah, I know.
Well, like the other colleague.
One is really special and the other one is not so special.
Listen, there's one article I wanted to ask you about in this past Sunday's paper,
the front page of the local section.
Our own little Nazi down here.
This guy Ken Jenny is vowing that all of Broward County is going to be under the BSO.
Do you see that article?
Well, of course you got to, then, that what Hitler did.
It's just ridiculous.
I mean, you know, this guy is trying to make me think that he's going to be in the next thing.
He's the next thing that's going to be in the land this weekend, as we said.
Yeah, you know, he just took over up here in Pompo, and they said,
we're going to save you $7 million over five years or something like that.
You know, I was doing what's going to do for two years, see how it works out,
and then it's time for a long term.
I know one of the commissioners, but they said, oh, the guy's just a real hard-sale guy in his plan
to take over all Broward County, and then he's just going to run for Broward County mayor when they do this.
Right.
No, he's not.
$5.670560, $5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So you think they can split the douchebag thing in here, and couldn't get on, pal.
We're just not doing that anymore.
Have a little bit of respect for the old man, okay?
Have a little bit of respect for the rules of the road.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello?
Pemberpine.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Okay, let me ask you something.
I know that you've been in the talk show for a few years.
I know about using WQM, and I don't know how many, how many, how many?
400 years, yeah.
That's about it.
But I never, you will never know for screening any of your calls.
I've done much I remember.
If I wanted to talk to you, I call, and I want to speak to you, that's it.
What you call them from.
Still, about 90% of the calls you get, they're stupid.
Yeah.
Now, if you call Han Gawber, they screened off calls like they is no end to it, right?
Yeah.
What you call them from, already got to talk about it, and what you want to say about what you want to say.
Right.
And he's still 95% of the calls, he gets such stupid.
Right.
That's right.
So what's the difference?
Tell me what is your secret?
Secret to one.
Or not screening calls, I'm being able to do the job you do.
Hey, I mean, is it good job, huh?
Last two days, I'm proving to you that they're called Subpal.
I mean, that's why I'm talking more and listening to less calls.
The call is below.
You know that?
Don't take it personal unless you want to.
I mean, I hope not.
I really enjoy listening to you anyway.
You know, we got to talk about you.
No, that's right.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Thank you.
Now, he's got a good, blah, blah, we still do that.
And don't take it personal.
I mean, like I told you yesterday, I'll say it again and again.
The listeners, those are the people that we cherish, like the association,
cherish is the word, et cetera, and so on.
We cherish them, the listeners, the loyal people out there, they're the bread and butter.
The callers are like, they're almost like a goddamn irritant.
They're like rubbing salt in your womb.
Remember that song by the Beast Boy Salt in my womb?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
See the problem is I go too fast for these people.
This is a slow-paced town, baby.
This is a no-paced town.
You can't complain about the pace here, maker.
How's Marvin Maker doing, by the way, from Montesson?
Anybody seen him lately?
Marvin, no.
Let's go.
Lick it and stick it.
And your whale was his name and it turned off the favorite part too.
He picked his channel for the thing he got three runs.
This does no fine for food.
When the string of night you do,
and life's the thing before he had nothing to do.
He heard a rumor while dangerless fell,
and was the time I remember also well.
The night's in where I was searching for
all the phones were ringing the night's in where I was.
I heard a crowd, all the people were singing.
Now I was looking for you,
made some day cattle to come to me.
Oh!
Formerly drought was a dangerous cow
where she lived in our TV.
Had a child a wet life,
this new dance reality.
Now he's wandering,
his clothes on a plow,
had a hand in prayer,
and he'd come on the ground.
Working early now,
I have to explain when to dig her,
and to come on age and for some reason.
Oi!
The night's in where I was searching for all the phones were ringing the night's in where I was searching for.
This water sink is your gift of the oversteal
and then we found out that she lived in Pau-2.
I would think anybody can afford to buy their own billboards if they're making that much cash.
You know what I'm saying?
One-sixteen is five-sixty WQIN.
I'm just thinking about that, you know?
Why do we want to share our billboards with the guys that are pulling out that are stealing that much money out of this place?
You know what I'm saying?
Roy!
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Listen, you know that you just played that thing there, Roy,
and I'm listening to all this stuff.
Roy!
Roy!
You know that he's using that in one of his commercials to promote something for him?
Yes, I do.
You know, you know, it's better not be stabbing in the back with any after-use your stuff or something for him?
Roy!
Of course, you're buying it.
Listen, it takes up time for me to stumble it over his own tongue.
Oh, you want me to take a lot of balls.
Okay.
Alright, man, take it easy.
Dwayne's stop of commercials, by the way.
I don't want to say who told me, but when he does his spot, it takes 75 retakes and they have to patch it together with a page of glue.
You know what I'm talking about?
Roy!
Hey, he'll be great on a year down there on the fan.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 50, 05, 50 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to know, does Wayne think he can buy everything in the state of Florida?
Because today they're voting at the City of Miami Commission meeting to create a monopoly,
giving all the garbage service to his new company.
And I'm curious how far he thinks he can take these monopolies throughout the state.
As far as the letterman, how do you get people to stop them?
I mean, it's going to be a good idea.
You don't.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 50, or maybe you're stopping making so much garbage.
Here's a good idea.
Stop creating garbage.
If everybody would stop creating garbage right now, Wayne's whole southern sanitation be out of business tomorrow.
Stop eating, stop doing that too.
No more garbage.
Well, that goes right down the old chute so we can't get a hold of that.
In fact, maybe that's a good idea.
Like those old Cuban women that put it in a little box after they...
...white?
That may be a good idea.
Instead of flushing it down, just stick it in the garbage there.
And maybe all the garbage people go out and strike the beat,
swooning all over the place.
Like back on channel 4, we're doing those damn colorectal exams through the mail at the time.
And the postal men were like swooning from it.
And they said, oh, maybe not such a good idea.
Kind of a crappy idea.
They had a little leakage problem.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, when you think of garbage, don't you always think of Wayne?
Uh-huh.
Here's a lady in the lady mobile in Davy.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I think that the reason why OJ is since here in Florida is because he probably was the guy that slashed
underwood in Michigan.
He's down here trying to get his partner down from.
Come down here from Lansing to take the job.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks, sweetheart.
Whatever you say.
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pong on 5, 60.
Hey, they're out there, baby.
I'm telling you, that's the colors, man.
They're not outrage.
Everything's a big frickin' joke.
There's no outrage.
There's no goddamn sense of shame.
By the way, Carol says that if she saw him in the streets, she would run him down.
Nice going, Eric Carol.
We'll try to arrange it.
You know, he's slow.
He's got those arthritic knees.
But you ought to see him move when you hit the gas.
Yeah, a lot of factions here.
And of course, the people on the factions say, hey, they know what it's all about.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Hey, listen.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pong on 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line, you're so old and you're so tired with your AIDS lines and with your build
Tanner line.
You're so boring and you're so pathetic.
Why don't you go over there to the West Coast.
They're having a problem with their sheriff over there.
Go over and join him.
Okay.
And maybe you can hang out with Fred to help over in Topeka Kansas, too.
Why do you have it?
Asshole.
Faggot.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pong on 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
See, one thing I've discovered and you can take this to the bank and make a big deposit with it.
And that is that people who are obsessed with sexual, whatever anybody else is doing, especially with homosexuality, those people are the climate cases.
Every single time, no exceptions make no mistake about it.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I can see the towns and the friends about the upcoming hockey season.
Oh, yeah.
They couldn't care less.
Hey, I got a phone.
I know.
I know.
What kind of a job have they done in promoting the upcoming hockey season?
Have you seen a TV spot for the season?
I haven't.
I haven't either.
Haven't seen crap.
I know.
But I got a funny story.
I didn't see any spot fans, so I have seen crap.
I'm sorry.
I'm doing a fantasy hockey team and I was picking my wife.
Why?
It's not a fantasy hockey team?
Yeah, you don't have to pay.
Oh, so I'm not wasting money at least.
Anyway, the last winner on the whole list of the lowest, the lowest flames was Chrissy Wells.
Yeah.
So I thought you'd like that.
Well, the paper says that we got to keep them.
He's terrible.
I mean, in this waiver draft that they had yesterday, I mean, Lonnie Bohannis from the Leafs
wasn't protected and Derek King, although they don't want to pay his money.
But I'll take Lonnie Bohannis as a forward any day over Christina Wells.
Oh, yeah.
What a commentary.
He's the only guy that can win any face-offs so we better keep them.
Yeah, maybe we should get Garpen off.
Maybe now you know, he also wasn't protected.
He was also exposed for the waiver draft.
That's how much they think came in Atlanta.
Yeah.
I'd like to look to his pal, Lonnie, that there's no interest whatsoever.
None.
Zero zip-bitty dudah.
I heard Sean Burke on with a worst team this morning.
Good job for his last year.
Sean, keep it up, sweetheart.
You'll need a lot of work this year.
It's going to be really brutal.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, did you see the Miami Harrel?
Unfortunately, we have to see it here in Miami.
That Mayor Pinaff got his deal approved by this government for the transportation.
We didn't have to pinch in.
That's that's penny tax.
Yeah.
You wanted to nail this with.
Just wanted to let you.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Nice going there, Mayor Pinaff.
Faker, Fony, Charloton, Clown.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I agree completely on the OJ thing.
I mean, it is an outrage not only what the community's response to it,
but what your radio station's response to it is then.
So, just one-
I guess with the people what they'll say around here is,
oh, well, you didn't give much response and the city's audience doesn't care.
They don't give a crap.
Well, I'm calling in to just tell you at least one listener does.
So, hey, and I have a one other question for you.
I love that back street spoof.
Do you have your spoof on a website or anything like that,
because I'd love to listen to it.
No, but on the best of, they'll be at specs starting Friday.
Best of all.
Cool.
And that's on there, too, by the way.
Great.
Thanks.
Okay, have a great day.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
You know something I could talk like for three hours and 45 minutes every day
and still have to go through the same exercise.
That's how we could call an audience in this town.
Week.
I mean, tragic.
Pathetic.
Here's a mobile in candle.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I don't know if you've got a chance to hear that Sheriff McBiggit from this morning.
He was on the day.
I've had 6,000 facts about the Sheriff over there on a West Coast.
We got our own situation going on over here.
Nobody here cares about the Sheriff over there on a West Coast.
With all the respect to my listeners over there in Fort Myers, nobody here cares about that.
We got our own fascist up here in Proud County.
And we got our own other things that I've talked here for 2 and a half hours about today.
And I got 700 copies of the same facts as on the machine here.
Wasted 90% of the paper I put in the goddamn facts machine first this morning.
Nobody here cares.
We don't even know who that is.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What's it all about?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one thing to say really that makes me nervous just for your safety.
I mean, if you beat OJ Simpson in the ratings just horribly like you're going too often.
What do you mean in the ratings?
What are you talking about?
I mean, if he was on your radio station, you're going to be on our radio station, sir.
Well, that's good because I mean, I would hate for him to get upset and come after you with a night that would be like the end all.
Yeah, we already know he has potential towards violence.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the bullet and thanks for the warning, sir.
He has a tendency toward violence.
Anybody agree with that?
tendency toward violence.
In fact, what's in that what they said about Celucso and Godfather 1?
He's good with a knife.
Remember that?
He's good with a knife.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
Last summer when I was in Southern California, they had a bumper sticker for sale.
They'd go, OJ go.
I bought one.
I put it on my front bumper.
Okay.
Pretty weak.
Yeah, pretty weak.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 5, 60 on the AT.
Like I said, he's got those arthritic knees. Give him a handicap, will you?
Nobody repulses you more.
Hi, Felicia.
Gee, I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable.
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Yes, Chick.
I've thought using head and shoulders a long time ago.
I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah, right.
So what are you using now?
Well, it's light head and shoulders only without all those additives.
It's just called Chad.
Let's tell him about it, girl.
It's just tired of your own hands.
I'm saying this, I'm feeling blue.
Chad, Chad, now remember what I said.
Chad, I feel better if you get some head.
Wow.
Where can I get head?
Lots of flavors, Chick.
You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you this head.
In 15 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, dialed, and blown dry.
Gee, you don't miss a lick, do you?
Pants out.
Three, but is it expensive?
Not at all, Chick.
I'd rather say if there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10.
Golly, that's that price.
Everyone should be getting head.
That's right, Chick.
When you say head, you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Boladian from Freedom All Industry.
It tells you why you should get head.
First, at Lubricate, each limp hair follicle, leaving in a wrecked, listening shaft, then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root,
leaving your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted.
Nothing does the job like head.
Great.
Can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce?
Probably.
But you might want to try your girlfriend first.
So I'll end up head to head.
Yeah, yeah, little sports go the wrong way.
Yeah, yeah, little better end of your career.
Yeah, yeah, and you get head.
You're a nutty step.
What hair with lots of volume?
Nothing gets it up like head.
Available little price you won't find hard to swallow.
And it's going down every day.
Honey, we're out of shampoo.
Can you go out and get some head?
What did you say?
I said I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you.
Sweet Jesus.
I'm going down, down.
And head makes a great holiday gift.
Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace.
I've never seen her so choked up.
My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married.
Now I'm lucky if I get gergen's lotion and a national dress.
Once you try, you will want to stop.
Can feel the dirt.
My foot is on top.
You can't give me showers.
You want to pump.
You can't give me a roll.
You can't give me a roll.
This is why I love your okayness.
Can't get a straighter.
I'm feeling low.
Can't get a straighter.
Look what I said.
Can't get a straighter.
And you get some head.
You feel better if you get some head.
Oh yeah.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Head shampoo.
Come on.
Give it a shot.
My hair looks great.
You're the man.
133-560 WDQAM 560-705-60-0.
Here's my name.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm a long time admirer of your show.
I begged a different with that wrong car.
I was praising the combination of you and Hank.
I don't think it will ever get better than when you and Phil were teamed up together.
That was a pivotal moment in all our lives.
It's interesting.
Somebody said to me this morning that if people were smart, which he's not, he would have put the fill replays on like from two to five.
Exactly.
Like after my show, but of course he's not smart.
So we don't know.
It would be, that would be asking too much.
Yeah.
A comment on Mr. Underwood.
I think it's easy to underwood.
I think it's easy to dismiss him as a pathetic plate.
But when you come to think of how his mom and his grandmother has beaten into his empty head that all his life that football is the devil, you know?
Yeah.
That's maybe he can be a felt sorry for the football.
What was that called? You know, was that awful cult that done it?
Yeah.
Okay, pal.
Okay.
See you.
Uh-huh.
560-705-60, pound 5-60.
Nice going there.
Jimmy, we could be special and then we don't come no more special in the meetries. I'll tell you that.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Did the meetries underwood stab himself?
Did he stab himself?
Yeah.
No, the dog done it.
Yes, he did stab himself, sir. It was an attempted suicide.
Oh my god.
And like I said, if OJ would have been there, they got the job done right?
I was a gas convider.
Okay. There you go. Psychic.
Uh-huh.
560-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless light cross hour.
He said that about five or six times today.
But they can't be listening all four hours for Christ's sake.
Can they?
No.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Plantation.
Yeah, I was going.
Okay, sir.
Hey, good. I wanted to comment about that Miami Beach shoot that just happened and all those people going crazy.
Yeah.
You know, talking about this guy, he's out of control.
He's shot four other people.
And obviously he recognizes a criminal and whenever, you know, we feel threatened.
I'm a law enforcement officer.
You know, we got to go home in a night to your families.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
What's your comment on how they're acting down there?
How they're reacting is insane, unacceptable.
And like I said earlier, every time somebody gets pissed off about something this time, they want...
You know, it's one thing if you get a permit and you want protest in front of City Hall in front of the police station,
in front of the Coast Guard headquarters, but keep disrupting the whole goddamn town.
It's unacceptable.
It's out of control.
And then just like last time, it got out of control down here in Highly and the Maryland down there punched the guy out.
That guy ought to be taking the jail.
It's ridiculous.
Yeah.
You know, I don't know what America's coming to here.
Okay, if I could steal the car and...
You've got to rap sheet longer than my arm and leg.
He does.
Did.
Probably longer than you think, too.
And my wife...
I thought that was better than that.
Okay, hang in there, pal.
All right, buddy.
You worry about your thing. I'll worry about mine.
I'm not too worried.
567-05, I think I'd have been bigger by now.
It's not going to happen.
567-0560, all by the way, speaking of that.
Whoa!
All this OJ crap.
I'll have to save this for a rainy day.
Article about a guy who's got a 13 and a half inch penis in here, by the way.
It's a very long article, a long piece.
I mean, real long.
But nevertheless, we'll save that for a rainy day.
Here's the mobile and tempered pie and, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy, how you doing?
Okay.
All right, I think if I'd have been at that golf forum,
maybe I'd ask OJ for a fingerprint or something, just...
Yeah, can I have your thumbprint on this OJ?
There, and now you're talking.
A couple weeks ago, in a sentinel, they said that the panther
was shopping poorly long around.
Is there any validity to that?
Are they trying to get rid of him or something or...?
Not if they got any brains, they're not.
What do they want to do that for?
I don't know.
They had it.
There was a small paragraph at the bottom of the page,
and they were trying to get rid of a few people or shopping them around.
And I was just curious.
Yeah, the latest rumor I heard is they were going to trade for Kevin Hatcher.
I'm trying to think of who they were going to get rid of,
which I can't think of at the moment.
But nothing's happening.
They're like they're frozen in their suspended animation.
Nothing is happening.
You use a rain-ex on your windshield meal?
No.
They also stuff the Walmart.
It's got the rain-ex built into the windshield washer fluid.
It's great.
Okay.
You're going to love it, baby.
Thanks.
Later.
You can also stick a little near than your rectum.
That's like in the show, yeah.
I don't want to reach that far.
56670560, if you can only see Joe Costello, they meant.
You look like you're just ready to go into a coma.
It doesn't feel good.
He's got a bad headache.
He doesn't feel good.
He's surly.
He's not happy to be here like a captive audience in here today.
He wants to be where he can go lay down.
Like an e-gore's lap in the other room.
I'm depressed by the OJ thing.
Yeah, right.
What are you depressed about?
You know what I want to airheads you work with around here?
You're depressed about as all the money that's making out of this place.
That's where, yeah.
Now he's not in this head.
Yeah.
60 grand to do what?
Fill in the blank.
What is it that you're doing here, Roy?
Somebody would like to know, besides screwing up our golf tournament,
besides trying to embarrass and humiliate the rest of us.
What is it that you're doing here, my friend?
Roy!
Come on, we'd like to know.
This ex-jocke thing, Howard Cosell had his thumb right on it, baby.
The jockeocracy are destroying every goddamn thing in America.
Everything.
I bet you sooner or later they'll probably get their finger in the fish food
to the probably screw that up.
You watch.
Get your head out of the tank while you're acting silly.
I hate just tasted your snap.
Are you an A-hole?
How about a mother ever?
You can be.
When you attend, the euphemistic profanity seminar coming to a romantic end at an airport near you.
That's where a euphemistic profanity instructor will show you how to use cartoon Exodus
in place of the words you really want to say.
For example, an outburst like this might prove embarrassing.
Hey, get it! Don't step on that rake!
Holy f**k!
You f**king f**k!
But, after just one seminar with a euphemistic profanity instructor,
the scene can completely change.
Hey, shit! Don't step on that rake!
Now, father, father, keep this crackers!
You court-stopped and son of a b*****er!
Better, you bet.
You see the system of euphemistic profanity is easy to learn
because it's been protected over thousands of years
and used by the world's most virtuous people.
Hey, Banger, no you're holy, miss.
Please, a watcher you staffer, we just had a devatican flaw last over here.
Bless you, my son!
What's wrong?
Think it's pussy-fucking-lovers who will be sucking us
to take check a picture of where it's other father?
So, what are you waiting for?
You mother ever?
Don't let embarrassing use of profanity rip you a new hey-hole.
Sign up for a seminar in euphemistic profanity and you'll say...
Arthlings, step the source from of a beast well!
Thank you.
143 at 560 WQ on the Hankelberg show at Cool City coming up at 2.
Where do we be going?
We're going to Miami.
Hello?
I am.
Yes, sir.
How was how we doing in the morning?
How was he doing?
I didn't even look at that.
I didn't look at that.
One moment, please.
Okay.
2554 Wacky.
Almost a bit of real heavy ethnic, I'm not even out on the first...
I'm on the page with the worst team, I'm sorry about that.
Oh, Radio Almore.
Another big station is number 1 to 7.62554.
Howard is number 2 with a 7.4 same as last round.
Okay.
It had been by head and shoulders.
Even with a 40-lifetime was not even funny.
You have driven away.
No, I don't.
Oh, come on.
Bob and Tom.
Bob and Tom, who by the way blow Howard away, but nevertheless blow this.
Head and shoulders bit is not funny.
Man, you're pathetic.
Find another Julio.
What do you expect?
I probably isn't into audio, I'm Lord.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
There's more humor in 5 minutes of the body.
In fact, there's more humor in one good Bob and Tom comedy bit than in Howard.
Any of 5 Howard shows put together.
If you took sex and dikes out of Howard's show, what do you got left?
What do you got left?
Here's Mimey Lake.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Good.
I don't want to be a hypocrite, but the first thing I want to say is I was disgusted by the protest yesterday by the individuals who were speaking out against the shooting.
I called you when the members of the Latin community went out and posted it to you.
And I'm a black man, and I'm going to call you when the...
When the Akun's going to do it, right?
When they say like they're being a black man, I'm going to say like that.
When they say like that.
When they say like that, well, if it's wrong, it's wrong.
Yes.
First of all, we don't know yet whether or not the shooting is justified.
There hasn't been a investigation.
And to go out and just wrap people's lives, that's as bad as it was.
Well, this has become a fashionable thing down here.
That is every time there's some scumbag that commits some horrendous crime.
Right away, everybody pretends that they were there in the circumstances.
And in this case, they don't.
And when you look like I said to the cop that called this guy's rat sheet, this guy was obviously a real piece of crap.
You ready for the kicker, though, Neil?
The guy who made yesterday's focus, the bishop of Reverend Victor Curry, he's the same one who sat down and puttyed up O.J. last year when he came down in the town.
You know what I thought?
They are on a radio station.
I won't say the call letters, but he is.
Why not?
WNBM?
Oh, you mean that five watt pieces of that thing?
Exactly.
If he sat down and interviewed him, buried up with him and everything else.
So yesterday he was asking for justice, but he sat down and interviewed.
How about this for those two dead people?
Have a good one, Neil.
And back to it.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm surprised Jesse ain't here yet to take care of that business, huh?
I'm surprised we don't have Jesse yet.
He was too busy up there in Tallahancey at Famue, taking care of that.
Doing his jump in and jiving in his St. Vitas dance every day.
I mean, don't people understand how ridiculous that makes them look when they do that stuff?
Have you ever seen that?
When they get up there and start doing a preaching and then they're sh-
and whatever the hell they call it, the charismatic, crazy St. Vitas, ants in your pants.
Crazy stuff.
I mean, we know that when you're battling this crazy to begin with, why don't you have to prove it?
Here's Carl Gable, Salah.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, buddy?
I'm having a great show today.
Yeah.
Neil, let me ask you a question.
I went out the other day.
I'm not going to say the leadership name because I don't want to prove it.
But I went the other day to a Fred Beership.
And correct me for more.
Wayne and Rin just mind all the Beers of here.
He what?
He's buying all the Beerships locally?
Of course.
He owns a whole bunch of them.
He's a Christ.
My only point.
I know that guy's going to bar my toy in a box.
That's right.
You're a toilet paper.
And then back in your garbage for Wayne.
Okay, pal.
Wayne, got your mind to short hairs, okay?
I should never say you're why the short hairs when you're talking to Joe, though.
56670560.560 on a 18T wireless line.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I just like to say something as a matter of someone that is died of AIDS.
And I work with a lot of AIDS service organizations.
I find it appalling that they would have a man, a little Jason's character, come to a fundraiser.
Right.
I agree.
And I mean, very clear to them that the people at center one didn't want any part of him there.
And we did touch base with the people over there who were very unhappy about it.
And it's more time alive today.
He would be horrified.
Right.
And thank you for speaking out about this.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, I mean, you know, it's our age.
This isn't the thing that a lot of people don't seem to understand.
It's not like it's optional.
It's not like, I mean, if I had nothing to do with it, if I wouldn't have promoted it, that's their business.
It's still what have been grotesque and made the station look stupid.
But nevertheless, I wouldn't feel so bad.
But when they come to me and they want me basically to put my like stamp of approval on it and be involved in it,
and all it's like, we want to do something extra for your charity that you're so involved in, Neil.
And even though you don't give a crap about golf, we can raise some extra money.
Which by the way, did we ever find out how much money we raised for the center one with this thing?
No.
It's only Tuesday, you know?
The tournament was over the weekend.
You think by now we would know, wouldn't you?
Did we find out if we raised anything?
No.
Have no idea.
But they're doing this because they want to do something extra for a charity that I care about.
And our stuff goes on sale at specs.
By the way, this Friday, October 1, I'll be at Saugrax specs this Saturday from noon to 2.
As we begin the 8 million here of our fundraisers.
And this is why it's like, it's like, it's like a slap in the face is what it is.
It's a slap in a freaking face.
Like they're going to show me a thing or two.
It's like a bunch of little children like I told you before.
They're in control and they're going to show us who's running this place.
And no matter what you people out there think, okay?
No matter how much Jameladroma drama you think there is involved in this, it's all freaking true.
You got a whole multi-million dollar radio operation here.
You got some of us who have been years and years and years in his business.
Who've invested our whole goddamn lifetime in his business.
And we have to be our, our livelihood.
It has to be dependent on a bunch of game players on a bunch of little children in a sandbox with their pale and shovel.
Who for some strange reason, which in about 10 or 15 minutes I think I'm going to start getting the answers to.
For some strange reason, they call the shots around here and can basically do whatever the hell they want.
What kind of crap is that?
That was never part of the deal when I agreed to come over here.
There were a whole bunch of things about part of the deal when I was told.
I was giving more goddamn stories when they come over here than you can check your thing at.
And so far about the only thing that's been lived up to has been the money.
Okay, because it's written in goddamn platinum in the contract.
Other than that, nothing.
Oh yeah, we can go 50,000 was.
Yeah, pay to the art studio.
You know, skies on all this promotion.
When I came here, by the way, I was told that Greg Lee told me that they were going to have a billboard campaign the month before.
