430560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 560560 toll free for David Brower in 4.560 on yourself.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM.
We back with you.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Neil Rogers, no.
430560 WQAM.
So Bob, we know I want to tell you something.
You're all a bunch of sentiment bitches.
I just tell you what you said.
What are they?
I just want to get rid of this old kite on the phone.
You got the pearl right there.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
How the fuck are you?
Excuse your language now.
Excuse your language now.
Oh, they worked in the year.
And I've got no fear.
Don't be nowhere to know man.
Don't be fooling me.
Back on.
The fight for a lift.
And move that limb.
Yeah.
The choir's face that leads you into it.
It's easily this just did.
Things that it's heinous.
But like a faith man, I'm fungal in during it.
If it's my cocaine, it's gonna be.
The wind's playing the rising.
Your money's shining on me.
See if I can pay any to me.
Well, say the heavy blade.
The tongue-washed and I just say.
You're making me a hero by that damn traitor.
Now I'm a real super god my tongue-offing hero, who hurts?
Please, I'll let them shoot to the distance.
I got a necessity to be seen.
My friends call me in number two.
I sure do really chop chop.
But I prefer to do.
If it's like your baby's doing things.
So please, it's better I say.
Yeah.
The moon is shining on me.
It's like a penny to me.
Now, to the way that K-Walkers are lit, I'm gonna strive.
Trust me, I'll both hurt you.
Things get not diluted when I see real door to room for you.
And I'll wash those hell with not-go-throughs.
When will I do?
Please, miss, feeling like a man.
You'll find it hard to sit down when I get done with your can.
Things like the penny is too big.
Right, right, right, right, right, right, don't-
Okay.
Things like the penny.
Things like the penny.
Things like the penny to me.
Title 456, you have a freaking of the rim man, by the way.
Joe Castello was just saying that as compared to feet.
He'd rather check out the old-
Brackdome.
He'd either way.
Not anybody's in particular, just anyone, as opposed to feet.
Not seriously, he's got a foot fetish in reverse.
He just had a whole problem with feet.
Anyway, where the hell do we start today?
God, so much material from that morning show.
I'm telling you, going through the roof,
why don't we start with that goddamn asshole footy from Y100?
Athletes foot.
There you go.
That's why Joe Castello didn't like him,
because it's footy.
Anything to do with feet, he's pissed off.
I think he made up the whole story.
Now, where was this?
This was at some car racing celebrity race thing.
Grab ass thing.
And Joe Castello walks in there.
And here, and sitting there in this-
And what was the guy from Power 96 doing in there?
Jam and Johnny.
He was jamming it.
He was a celebrity racer.
He was probably making a lot of goddamn noise,
which is what he does best in shaking the walls of Jericho.
So anyway, they're all sitting around.
And then it comes athletes foot.
Footy from Y100.
It's been in the market for 500 years,
and nobody has any idea who he is by the way.
He couldn't care less.
He played a bunch of real crap music for retarded teenagers.
And he comes in and starts and goes up to the guy from Power 96
who hasn't got any idea.
I want to tell you, Jam and Johnny,
which is the kid that made all that noise
in the production of that because he's deaf,
like everybody else over there.
He wouldn't even know where to find our studio,
much less anything about where to find QAM on a radio dial.
That's how much he knows about this station.
And footy goes up to this kid and starts pontificating a whole song
and it ends about what's wrong with his station and the O'Rodgers.
And by the way, good morning to you, footy,
because I know he already told him he listens every day.
He listens every freaking day.
And about how this never works,
why did they bring the O'Rodgers to these stations
because he can't boost up the ratings on the rest of the station
and it never works and all that money they're paying him.
They can never make it back with all those cheap cigar spots that they're running.
Well, what the hell, what does that mean?
That's the most unbelievable thing I've ever heard in my life.
All you have to do, you got a pencil footy,
I know maybe somebody can figure it out for you.
If we were selling the spots on this show for a hundred bucks a pop
and believe me, nobody gets spots on this show that cheap.
But if we were 16 an hour, four hours a day,
that comes out to 64 hundred bucks.
That's 30 grand a week.
It's a million and a half a year, okay?
Selling a bit about half of what they're probably selling them.
But that's a million and a half.
Am I making a million and a half?
No.
Are we making a profit just based on bare bones on that?
Yes.
So what are you talking about, you jackass?
You cypholdin?
You radio weasel?
Here's a guy that's been in the business for what, a hundred years here?
And then why, one hundred?
And guess what?
I just took a look at the numbers here
and I realized that they don't have anybody over the age of 10 listening to that station.
Man, 18 to 34.
Just because, you know, it's only the near Roger Show that's got these big numbers on here.
Right, Mr. Hot Shot?
Many 18 to 34, six to ten in the morning.
The worst team beats them out.
Beats out while 100 to 4.3, share to a 3.7.
Can you believe that?
Would you be a, that's not even close to our demographic on this station.
The worst team beats them out.
Why 100 wither in many 18 to 34?
Midday many 18 to 34.
And in short, we got a 9.2, which means between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.
We got about a 10 share, okay?
And what's why 100 got in this demographic 18 to 34?
A 5.7.
Mr. Athletes, foot, you know what you can do with your foot?
Keep it away from Joe Costello, he says, too, by the way.
Man, I always thought for these foot smell like a penny, you know?
Now I know why.
Yeah, because he's most of the time got it in his back toe, and somebody's probably his own.
Jackass, idiot, Simpleton, and have a nice day, footy, because I know you're listening right now, just like everybody else in a business.
Well, they can't make any money with that new Rogers.
Will all these stations keep bringing them over to their right?
Every station I ever worked for, they lost money on this show, right?
Am I right?
Yeah, they lost money on the new Rogers show.
I got news for you.
If we didn't have to pay ball, they for all these bogus ball games, anybody want to buy any Marlon spots?
No.
Oh, man.
They claimed there was 8,600 or whatever the paid that was tickets all last night.
I got news for you.
I saw about enough of that game.
I'm talking early in the game when it was still, you know, a contest when there were still people awaken this town on the Monday night.
If there were 3,000 people there at the peak, that was a lot.
Because the people that were there, they just kind of like all jammed in close together.
Because they really didn't make any difference where they said anyway.
And I flipped back over there when they were in extra innings and there may be maybe were 300 people left.
Anybody want to buy any Marlon spots?
No.
If we didn't have to, if we had to Greg Reed because of his big sports ass ego, if he hadn't mortgaged this whole place to Baldy, we'd be rollin' a cash here.
The morning team, the worst team, they're not losing money.
The new Roger show sure ain't losing the station money.
Big fat Hank in the afternoon there. He's not losing his money.
The only thing that's got this place mortgaged up to our ass in Elbow is the goddamn sports crack.
Please, anybody want to buy a spot in a Marlon game?
No.
50 cents.
No.
We'll pay you a dollar.
No.
My ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain't is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain is my ain
The gun's right now, he's thinking, want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about
my brains all gone, I'm tryna get my groove on but I can't figure out which part's girl I'm gonna fart on
Indoctodreas, yo Major Pascans, yeah I know, What do I smell ass?
Hey you low-play. Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smelled like
buckrippin' Cassas and June was pretty swell, I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard
My
And every night I'm like oh dinner has been put up my ass fast little fat bitch you ain't too fat
Smell this honey. Yeah, wait a minute girl, huh? I don't give a fuck God's happy to take some world up
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it see to one of me kicked out back in junior high
Said the problem was something pulled up my ass and died I shot him in the face with my vapor
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with you toilet paper
Walked in the stress club my testers will fill them
Moons of bartenders took a dump of the tip club went over to a dancer had a fucking agon
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father
I
To be a famous rapper
You know you was dirt when the women first to leave
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
Okay, we don't want to be like a one-road Johnny this morning doing okay
That's 16 to five sixty WQM. So anyway getting by on before even getting to that stuff just too much stuff today way too much stuff
God must be really pissed off, you know
Those poor bastards in Oklahoma and Kansas at least 45 did probably a lot more than that by the time they sift through all the rubble of those
Tornado's yesterday
And of course even in your insurance policy doesn't let's say active God in regard to like hurricanes and tornadoes and the earthquakes
Etc. And so on doesn't it say active God damn it
What's he pissed off about now?
Especially all those good the upstanding religious folk over there and oak that's the Bible bill baby Oklahoma and Kansas
Right to the middle of the Bible bill. I thought it was only with a bunch of degenerates down here like a us like up there in Orlando where they had those rainbow fat flags
I thought that's when God gets pissed off
He just gets pissed off all the time. It's another act of God and he's more on these idiots
How can there be so many stupid people in one country? How's that possible?
Think of a lot there there they're having a joy ride in the oh, let's go and drive right at the tornado
Does the tornado have an eye like a hurricane?
I guess it does. I guess they don't anymore
They show this one asshole on this pickup truck damn near God kid the pickup truck looks like it looks like a piece of paper mache at this point
Looks like somebody just picked it up like like that. Just squashed it like a bug
And he's lucky to be a lot. Wow must have been the God was looking out for me. God yeah
How come God didn't give you a brain so that you could like stay the hell inside and I get yourself almost killed driving in the middle of this big as
Wild looking tornado. You see that thing
80 mile path that just came right down to the ground and you know usually they bounced up and down and around and all over the place
This one liked I guess I wanted a little free trip on the Hershey highway there
80 miles right across
It's another act of God
God is he working mysterious ways, you know
Oh before I get into that morning show this morning and by the way greatest calls I ever heard my life this morning on a morning show
I'm not really sure which was the best weather was that we got a new name for the morning show by the way
Joe and the bagel boys. That's the new name for the worst team. I mean, it's better than the worst team sounds
You know like almost negative negative story, but Joe and the bagel boys like that
I mean you got your vangle boys and the backseat boys. What's wrong with Joe and the bagel boys?
You jackass you silly old Jew. I'm glad you were stuck out there on the palm metal by the way for an hour
That was a great call
Here's some jackass. It's stuck on a palm metal expressway calls in this morning
And it's very upset because some color before to them is the big old boys
Well, I'm sure that if somebody would have called your show and made some derogatory comment about Blacks or Hispanics
That you all three would have jumped down their throat and hung up on them and I'm really offended and upset
Well, Cox a hoist pal, okay and get the chip off your shoulder get the big old chip off your shoulder big old boy
Crazy bastard
I just thought I passed this along in the passing new hamster repeals ban on gay adoptions conquered new hamster
How come it's Concord Michigan by the way and conquered new hamster anybody ever figured that out yet? No
New Hampshire on Monday repeal the ban on homosexuals becoming adoptive or foster parents leaving Florida the only state left with such a provision
Let's hear it from Florida baby
All right
And you can be sure with the the Jebs to in there now you can be damn sure we don't have to worry about that
What we do have to worry about though is that last night this was the I told Joe and I haul this was the greatest call in the history of
Talk radio and that covers a lot of territory the one I heard this morning
Just before I entered the building in fact I almost had a change my underwear six times after hearing this call
Some hysterical not an old Julio see George always says well, it's just the old Julios in Domino Park
There's plenty of other brainwashed masses asses in this town who've been raised that's all they know that
There are whole life it's like their life isn't in a little camp like in concentration camp
And nobody will unlock the door and let them out so they can find a real life for life is really all about
Losing the baseball which I told him I mean was there any chance you were else were gonna be the anybody? No no
They could they beat a girls team in a fixed game no
So was there any doubt that the Cuban national team was gonna win a game last night?
Is if anybody cared which most of us did not?
And this guy's assertion on the worst team on the Joe and a bagel boy show this morning was
This was the worst thing that ever happened to the United States. Oh
And I'm thinking to myself God I wish I had this guy's problems, you know
In my family we always had this expression that should be your worst problem
Sir that should be your worst frickin problem is that the goddamn Cuban national baseball team beat the Baltimore Orioles like everybody else does in a stupid ball game that nobody cared about
It was right there on my small dish did I watch it? No no in fact I flipped over a couple of times
They were in the rain delay and I made a mental note be sure not to tune back again because the game might actually be in progress
Would I see any of it no?
I mean when are you people gonna let go already of this madness of this insanity?
All at least they had some people there for that game
Unlike
Unlike
Unlike the marlins anybody any please let's out you know what we're gonna do
You know if the Sam's always looking to send an FU out for you know busy work make it look like they're really doing something
Why not send out the QAM van and try to sell spots on the marlin games?
We'll just find all parts honestly. We'll take one of our sales holes
They're most of the day running around here
I would like chickens with their heads cut off doing nothing
Take Todd Dreck out there. He was just in here stirring up a bunch of crap
Take him out on the road. Please don't bring him back or take that Peter Leonard guy out there and
Put him back in the same dumpster that he just hopped out of this morning
And you know take the sales people out on the road and sell Marlin spots at various locations
Like maybe right out here like an eye of the very road right by the ballpark anybody want to buy some
But we got and you know something you think the crowd last night was small
The smallest in Marlin history which they've lost what a hundred in the road now something like that
Wait till tomorrow now tonight. We got the big game of course that'll be a pathetic, but wait until tomorrow afternoon
Which we have another one of our neo-rodgers interrupt the shows tomorrow
We have the marlins and the Milwaukee Brewers the game is it won tomorrow so that means the pregame at 12.30
Now can you imagine on a Wednesday afternoon in the middle of the week?
Can't you see all these people taking off from work to go to see a marlin game? No
Seriously you could fit more college students in your average size phone booth
Then there will be at that Marlin game tomorrow afternoon. Am I right?
You bet you're sweet ass
You bet your smelly spencer
And
Then I hear this morning they're talking about well the stadium and yoldie is saying oh yeah, look at time everywhere
Over our dead bodies it'll get done. No, but there is no interest nobody cares nobody wants to go nobody wants to participate
They've Joseph writes this morning marlins come up empty on the field and in the stand. You're so damn negative Dave
You have to keep writing all these true things. How come you can't blue sky a little bit
By the way nice go and Michael mayo who said of a charismatic and a Kentucky Derby went down a list
It's a throwout when it doubts your own out nice go and Michael hold a mayo
By the way, Dave Halberstam still hates you like poison and so do wait
Well
Well if we got the big old boys in the morning because there's two Jews on there Joe and the two Jews
What are what are we here the spick in the?
Not a clone cake. Oh, we have a choice with you. Yeah, we got several choices. Yeah
Here's a mobile in four
Okay, there's our first call of a not sure for the Q amp phone system again boys and girls there was our first call of the day
That's the office pool which day this year which day this century
Will Neil actually come in in the morning and the phone system be we're working the way that we are supposed to work
Is that gonna happen anytime soon? No, we better get a lot of those cheeks the gar spots on here to get a new phone system
Here's the round hello
Yes, sir, no, yes, I know well those tornadoes happen yesterday and where God's match because
That game yesterday with the Cubans. Uh-huh. That must be it
No, but on a serious note, you know, you know what I hate these Cubans that come over here
And they they want to tell us what we can do what we can see yet
They can't even tell on their own land what they can do how come they want to answer the phone George
He's not talking to you. He's talking to me just to do your thing in there every time George
Here's the worst Cuban all of a sudden the hair stands up on the back of his guy
So I don't care what this guy is he's got a right to say his piece. Let him go ahead and rip the Cuban
Not not only do I have to write this at my piece, you know, but it's true
I mean they couldn't do nothing over there
So they come over here and now they want to be bosses of a land that's not even theirs
Want to go be a boss and Cuba right? You know go manage a baseball
Over there, right? They don't want the people to play and don't want this yet when you're over here
Driving them or say he's banned and you go home to AC. It's okay, right?
But you say oh, no, they go home the AC DC sir. You better write
Yeah, you know, and then it's easy for them to say oh the hell with the Cubans over there
Yeah, the Cubans over there they got to eat rats man. You guys are eating steak every day over here. You ever had a rat though?
Tastes like a penny. Yep. Okay
does
Let's play that song pennies from heaven. Come on everybody when it rains it. Yeah, let's sing it
For all the people eating rats over there. I don't think they're eating a rat
My Rob Boost de Monte says he wasn't thinking about such lofty ideals of freedom of expression and freedom of the press last week
When she banned sales of cigar fish you not what my international airport
But that this this and it's you know, I brought this up yesterday
Nobody wants to talk about it, but I will anyway
Because it's just pondress and old and debilitating and it keeps this town being the banana boat place that it is and always will be
See I hate to break the news to you sir to one that called on the worst thing this morning
I was doing the big old boys show I hate to break the news to you
Nobody in their right mind gives a flying crap about some stupid ball game that was played in Baltimore or any other god damn place last night
Okay, sir
I know that coming as a great shot to you and your silly little ego
Give it up. Okay. Give it a freaking rest and give us a chance to live a real life in this God for second town in this once beautiful
Polatial place before people like you came here with your one dimension only into all minds I
Hope you wake up tonight sir in the middle of the night and you turn over and your wife or whoever you're sleeping with it turns out
It looks just like Fidel
Maybe it's the Chupa Cabra, huh the Dubacapa
1027 at 560 WQM don't just tasted your snapper
Tonight it's cops in Pennsylvania Dunch country
What you gonna do what you gonna do when the carriage comes for you
Well, hello there Jeb Dyer hello officer has a guy say what brings you up to my home all of those well
We got us some reports of some fussing and abuting in these here part
Yes, there's a guy my shame to admit it to my wife Sarah exposed part of our ankle. Why that no good. Hussie
If I've got me a good mind put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes
Well, that would be a good idea, but then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow. Yep women
They're the reason we're all going to hill. Yep. Well, I gotta get back to plan the fields. We'll get in
I guess I'll be getting back to the barn raising his a guy
I'm is top I'm is cop what you gonna do what you gonna do when the shack will you that's tonight
On cops in Pennsylvania Dunch country
1032 at 560 WQM Hank Goldberg from Shua State to a two o'clock speaking of Hank by the way and I noticed that boy
People must be trying to make them amend those fences now now that Hank is like going right through the roof on the ratings and going on ABC on the Derby
I talk asked on Saturday
People was just sucking that big fat Henry Goldberg asked this morning at the end of the show there it was it was almost x-rated it was in
Buryson
Talk about a back-toe job. Wow
So I don't want to pee on anybody's parade because Hank had a euphoric week in like he said he was a national television
And maybe he's see there with the
Barely alive Jim McCay there in the meeting at set of and so on is Jim in case still alive by the way. Nobody told him yet
But in looking through these numbers there is an asterisks next to the afternoon number
I'm come to fight out they did the research and you know all of these days like yesterday for example
And Hank wasn't there the first part of the show
Which seems to be a regular thing there's either like a lot of dead air at the beginning of the show or Hank is like in
Transit somewhere or he's just not there or we can't get the thing on here and it comes to find out that all these other people are filling in like
Cory and the clearance and all these other people there are the ones according to the research that had the big number in there
Now when Hank came on it was a five when they were on it was a nine
So not only is he awesome thanks to Brook Daniels and Pete Boldro over there at the wheelchair
We're taking away any last semblance of you know the morning those guys got to go up against Howard
We got to go up against big fat Lardas limbaugh, which by the way there's only two markets in America
For years now there's only two markets in America where big fat Lardas gets beat
One is San Francisco Rano ones on KGO in San Francisco and the other one is this one right here
Which fat ass limbaugh has never come close to our numbers on any station in any a trend in any book at any time I just mentioned that in passing and
I'll Hank has got
That to contend with
But I mean like I said I don't want to be on his parade or anything
But the fact that there are all these interruptions all these other people on there evidently can only help so keep it up
Anyway, Maira boosts the monta says she wasn't thinking about such lofty ideals as freedom of expression and freedom of the press last week
When she banned sales of cigar fishy and I don't want my international airport
Yes, the assistant director of Miami Day deviation department says she flipped through the glossy magazine saw pictures of gorgeous hotels the hotels here
And glittering nightlife in Havana and taught a family and friends back in the city of her birth
She and for a go scuba see what I'm talking about people who are living in the fricking past and
Who do all of these things?
It's kind of difficult to swallow she said when you see that's what Monica said too, sweetheart
When you see these pictures and know your family's not having that kind of life over there said boost to montaugh who moved to Miami at the age of five in
1962
As she saw it it wasn't really a first amendment issue as she saw
So she checked with the assistant county attorney and other county airport employees
She even told her boss what she was planning that she for bad its sale
Causing mayor Alex penis to condemn censorship civil liberties are lawyers threatening to sue the county and the magazine editor to accuse date of acting like Cuba
Like a bunch of fast she's the
Monday afternoon
Orkers put 300 copies of the June edition the stacks of the airport 18 new stands ending the four-day flap over boost the monta's ban
She just arbitrarily because she didn't like the way it portrayed whatever was it and of course it's interesting
She was leaving through it. She couldn't leave it alone
Just like these assholes
There's a whole article of the paper day about the the not just the ones that went on a bus up the Baltimore last night
But the agitators down here that had like a little bit of a party watching the game getting all bad out of shape watching it
If you're so pissed off about it, why don't you boycott it? Why don't you not watching you idiots?
But instead you're lending your tangible support and you're watching it while you're putting on your indignant routine
This this thing about her just it's just so typical like I said so so ridiculous and then this guy calls in this morning
The worst sir you don't know anything about the United States. You don't live in the United States
You live in date County which I hate to break the news to you and Robert Steinbach is not a part of the United States
It has not there is no relationship between date County and the US of Frekeny okay?
It is a fascist state operated by a bunch of corrupt fascists who know nothing about freedom who know nothing about anything
except okay, no except the where is it?
Okay said hysteria
That's all you know
And we're in we're like prisoners of it. We're like the victims of it. They just keep beating us over the head with it over and over again
Here's Boca hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, when you're not there in George takes over the show is so boring
Yeah, why don't you have a guy like Jeff Rimmer who's controversial take over for you?
This sounds like one of the hockey assholes to me. I mean yeah, I mean
How much river pay to make that call by the way sir?
The dead life, but I'm gonna say it again the day that Jeff Rimmer has a show on this radio station
We'll be the day that we start playing Hungarian and Mizzirka the other 23 and a half hours a day around his half-hour show
Well, that's right. He's got that hockey show on there with JD like I said
Another one another one of those in this fits there you go. That's one of your buddies there Rimmer another one of hockey misfits
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line I
Got news for George Rodriguez is more entertaining in five minutes
He could fart on the year for five minutes and be more entertaining than my good friend the Rimman
We'll take it personally and get pretending it all been under shape, but we'll still take the next free meal at Woods Chris
Take that to the bank
Here's a mobile in Pompano hello, you couldn't be more right on money. I'm telling you right now
I know what about what you said about day tiny for one thing second off
Why don't these protesters go down to the airport and protest every Cuban?
It's off at goddamn playing with a boxer goddamn Cuban co-heavus that are hand-roading Cuba
Yeah, guess what guys what does that money go all right?
But else that ass. That's right. They're all subsidizing the bearded
I'm not bringing back three boxes of them. I just come back from there about three weeks ago
He sitting on my front porch. You said oh, this is great. I said who made that he said I don't know once you Cuban
And what does that money go to it goes the castor?
Why don't you go down a mix and buy some real goods to guys and stop subsidizing the bearded one?
Hey, I'm telling you right now. I can afford those cheap cigar spots. We got on this station
Neil for president of date County and turn that country back around they don't have to go back to Cuba
They got Cuban Miami. Okay, sir come down take two and call us in the morning. I live in Broward. Thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line look at the way these people are worked up about this today. They work up. No no
Nothing moves these bastards
21 before 11 at 5 60 Q a.m
Okay, so Sam is in here disrupting me while I'm trying to get ready to do a show
17 that's okay. I'm not going to mention the fact that you're in here bugging me about the Nrique Glacias
If you got a thing for Nrique is that what it is?
Oh, I got a thing for Nrique. Well, I got a confused and I'm proud of it
And Rique a Glacias makes a crossover recording in English. It says after ruling Spanish speaking audiences for years in
Rique's territory of those spics now he's ready to cross over and talk to some real people
Eglacias sent a son of Kuno who washed up Kuno Julio will release his first English single
We dance in June the tune penned by the same team that wrote shares believe is already number one on south float is power 96
96.5 FM that makes all that noise right down the hall
And jamming Johnny by the way jamming up your ass and tell a footied to the same while you're at it
Yeah, how can they make any money? How can they pay any erudgers with all our cheap cigar spots?
Maybe if everybody would buy their cigars down in Nixon instead of by noscohebas and subsidizing the bearded one
Then maybe we could the for they can afford to run lots more spots. I'm all quite last time. I heard they're doing pretty good down there last time I checked
5 6 7 0 5 boy. I'm telling you this is the deadest crowd this week. I don't know what George's into the audience
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one lie Christ almighty. I get more and more rimmer gets more calls at home than this in 10 minutes
Maybe we ought to get him on the air here's North Miami. Hello
No, yes, sir
And I'm sick and tired damn cubans talking about fighting the war out of Halea. Yeah, the Cuba
If they want a fight of war get out there and both of them go home and fight. Yeah, you know
If you double to go to get on those you know those rubber rafts last time I checked the rafts go up both ways, you know
Yeah, you know if you don't got on the wrapping we're about to leave out with 14 men and he took the whole country over
So they need to do the same as up crying in America at one to send our boys to fight
Let me ask you this question sir. Did that baseball game involved him or last night affect your life in any way shape or form?
I've not even watched it. Excellent. Okay. God bless you. There's a real American for you right there
When it's not obsessed with all this Cuba crap we're tired of Cuba. Okay, we're sick and tired of it
I told you this before we're tired of old domino planned assholes and domino park. We're sick and tired of horse meat
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Let's get some calls on his board here today. Let's get some living and breathing God damn people besides athletes foot
What a jerk what a jackass all you experts out there just dying with your with your professional jealousy
It's just nauseating that we got so many little tiny people in this town. What are you upset about footy?
I've dianne magdom. She did a nice suck job on that piece. She did I knew there at channel 10 a few months ago there
A real heavy-duty suck job
Here's a mobile and cross-bring. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I can tell I'm from Philadelphia and you're the only person you the only person to bring up the what the reason why the swap team
The reason the swap team
Didn't do anything in that little pink car. Oh, you the only person I've heard this ever come out against that. Yeah
That is a disgrace out there, Neil
And now to share up this morning by the way says now all of a sudden
He's decided that there was at least one more shooter in there and they may have some more arrest coming
I don't need the guy that sold the kid to get their handgun
But now there may be some other people that were shooting it up and that there were too many weapons and too many of bombs
Etc. And now they're starting to rethink their position
I you know
They coming out there and I think out there in that part of the country that neck of the woods
They seem to have a lot of problem with law enforcement out there
Yeah, and and you know I love about Fox Network. I level me a third covering this story
I love how they do terror in the Rockies or show down the go and I love how they do that haunted house
You know how they're doing that like that haunted house font on the uh terror in the in the Rockies
If I'm a parent my kids been killed. Yeah, I mean, you know, I'm so outraged with Fox Network
It's like they packaged these in movies because you know you know
Get well Neil that the mini series is coming out next year. Mm-hmm. I mean this is really good here
I mean you're right Neil. It will be out in six months, bro. Why?
Incredible incredible and and no one's talking. I know and latches out nobody
We'll talk about anything nobody gets mad about a thing here like I told you before there's no passion and stuff
These people don't care about anything
They're all sitting on their dead ass
Yeah, I give you an example when we were shooting
Nothing bad down just relax calm down. Okay, we've got to change the world with some stupid phone call on some stupid
You know, but especially here is what killed me is Neil more killed the fact that Baghdad you take a look at Baghdad
We're shooting up in Baghdad and CNN has got the box score of games at the bottom
There's something wrong with our society when we when we're showing people being blown out and then we can't not how about Belgrade
Was that the same thing? Yeah, okay. Have a great thing. Good amount
One call left on the board there baby and that's it then we can go to the music. Let's play
Myanis 400 times today, huh? That's my favorite. You got number one with four bullets
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
I'm wound up like an alarm clock these last two days coming back after vacation and this audience is better than ever
Looks like George drove the whole guy their audience away last their last week
I mean are these lines working seriously?
What kind of a show is this what kind of a place is this? What kind of a station is this that I'm on?
I think footies got a point when you come right down to it
5 6 and I go in two fast with these numbers 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Got all of these things going on here. We got a well plates
But it's just loaded. That's overflowing out. It's spilling off the edges here today
And just like yesterday only a hundred times worse a thousand times worse
A bunch of deadheads we got in this time. Oh sit there and entertainers deal sit there and scream and beg and put on your act and
pretend that people are going to call you and talk to you right
That's what we want to hear we're a bunch of a satist out here. We're like God. We're statistic
Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Hey, and you're welcome back. Oh, yeah, sure
A couple things I wanted to talk to you about did you buy any chance to see on the news that
One fanatical Cuban that ran on the field in the Empire Slandham down. Yes, picked him up and bought his land
I say good for him
The other thing was about the this whole thing with this lady who banned the cigar magazine
She came here when she was five
Yeah, she came here in 1962 37 years ago when she was five years old and she's an expert and how everything is over there right now
And she's all been out of shape and her whole life is you know
It's still still involved in this goddamn narrow limited crap this little crappy island down there and that's all she knows from
She's not a Cuban. She's an American. No, she's not
But I'm saying five years old. What do you remember about again?
She's a professional Cuban. We have professional Jews professional Cuban professional Africans this country is loaded with people who are
Professional you fill in the blank professional assholes and also in regard to the SWAT team
Just
Information from how I feel about it. Yeah
The reason they probably did not go in there is
You don't know they did obviously they did not know whether those kids were still alive
Had they stormed that building and those kids would have lost it and more rounds and killed ten more
But you're wrong. They already were in there. They went in there at about 1230
They were in there. They were like very cautiously and carefully going through with different rooms and so on and the only gunfire that was me
They were firing off their own protective rounds like the signal each other
There was no other gunfire going on because they the
Lunatics were dead. They already blown their brains out. Yeah, but they didn't know they were dead
Yeah, they didn't know
How many hours do you wait before you take a chance just in case somebody was there was the one time they put on the window
The kids help for bleeding to death in here and then there was the other kid that like dangled and got himself out the window
I mean how long do you wait before you start doing a job? I agree with you
But had they went in there too quickly? Yeah more people had gotten killed for some reason
That everybody would be up in arms right now that they stormed the building and they should have waited
So it's a double-edged sword. Yeah, go into fast and they get ridiculed for it. You go into slow and you get rid of too far
That's a good point. So and then the event tell that bitch you go back to Cuba. Okay. See you go back to Cuba
bitch
Whatever her name was myra boost the month. They go back. Okay. This is America and you're sitting there
You're leaving through the magazines and deciding for us what's gonna be on the newsstands over there my international airport
Where I happen to be a god damn good customer and by plenty of goddamn magazines and books at the newsstands in there by the way
Myra
Go back where you came from sweetheart 37 years ago and stop trying to be a little dictator because that's what that's what you know the best the people of your mentality
dictators little bitistas little sensors
WQ I am
Speaking
Last time I check
Okay, Neil let me ask you a question. How do you feel about um
Uh the gaming the Baltimore the the way they censored all the other signs and and the people fried in watch the game in Baltimore
So I didn't watch it. I didn't think we had to do what I couldn't care less about it
But I'm asking you don't you think that is
robbing Americans of the freedom robbing Americans of what freedom of freedom of expression freedom of expression for what
Well for whatever reason if if I let's say if I would if if I go
So let me ask you this how did that ballgame affect your life? How does that affect any of our life?
That's not my question to you my question is do you think is right that they did not allow Americans to take in signs
But yet the communist Cubans that come from Cuba had all kinds of signs had all kinds of
Yes, I do. I think they had the absolute right to not not let people they they they stop people from taking all kinds of signs at ball games
Everywhere in America where
Well, because I don't know what do you mean where you can take you try to take us right into a Miami arena when a people were wanted
Brian Murray and and built a way to get fired let's ask how many people got those signs in the arena sir
You better wake up and shift of daffodils. Okay, mr
Like I said stuck with the same old tire with a one note man
Just like that now sandy paintings are like the 60 cycle tone just
That's it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Give it a rest already forget about your stupid goddamn ballgame forget about your protest
Let me say it again. We don't care about Cuba. We don't care about Castro. We don't care about Cuba
We don't care about Guaya Barras. We don't care about the horse meat. We don't give a crap. We're sick and tired of it
We want to live in America
We don't want to be trapped with this a some kind of obsessive psychotic man
There comes a point when you have to start looking you know living where you are and not living in a god damn past like 37 years ago
That's just the way it is. Okay, and of course try to say that in this town. You might as well be farting into a windstorm into a tornado
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Yeah, I'm a American born but Cuban heritage and I couldn't give a rat that's whether the game was on or not great
Um, and about that the police in that combine shooting. Yeah, the only other person I heard they what about the police was believe it or not child and husband
How do you like that? Because why does the police who ended up their job?
You son of a bitch exactly. Okay, sir. God bless you
Always like that charlotte and heston if we just took his toys away he'd be all right
Well, you know, he got that the god complex you know, he was in all those movies. He was Moses. He was Jesus. He was Abraham. He was a
A lot of things all these things
I mean somebody somewhere along the line is got it, you know, I'm the only one that said it and it's the god damn truth
This town is is it's like a bloodless cool was taken over here
And anybody in date county that dares to say anything opposite is crucified vilified come and listen and I call him out
I mean but I built the same old tired one note Johnny's okay wake up and get a freaking life. That's my message to you already
Until grandma and grandpa and all these other old stale senile parts tell them if they're so psychotic about it
Give them a water pistol and put them on a raft and send them back over there. Okay, and let them pee all over Castro
Whatever they want to do to them
Nobody cares nobody gives a flying crap about some stupid ballgame and we get a guy under the age of a hundred that calls in on this radio station this morning on the Jolyne
The big old boy showing the morning
It's got the audacity to say this was the worst insult the and it's not just the fact that the game was played
The fact that the Orioles had the audacity to get beat
Which they got plenty of practice at by the way since they suck and the Orioles only kissed the ground that the marlins exist
To make them look not quite so bad because for the wild earth the were Orioles had an even worse record by a gamer to then the marlins
Up until they last you a when the marlins really put it into low gear big time
Anybody want to buy any marlin spots? No, anybody want to advertise on a marlin. How about them cheat cigars plays at marlins, huh?
Maybe footy would like to buy some spots on a marlin game. No since he's the radio expert
Maybe why would a hundred would like to broadcast those games and pay walledy millions and millions of dollars a year
Three and a half million dollars a year to broadcast the game a team that won't win 50 games this year. No
Let's build a stadium come on
Build it and they will come
Squirt-squirt I think they'll come anyway
1056 and 560 WQM if you
Damn get away and feel the release
Smell the fresh sea air
Taking the unparalleled experience of Cuban rafting on big latitude
It's like a vacation away from your troubles
Your life back home
Your the skipper on a journey to a better place
The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day
Unpredictable
Grand taking
Life threatening
Cuban rafting on big latitude
Will your way to something better
Roll faster
No faster here come the shark scatter on much faster than that
Road damage
painful brother you wish neighbor and by the way speaking of inconsistency and phoniness is that interesting
How was the wonderful glorious thing and the media were actually like a bragging about it
Oh Joe Kubas was there in a couple other agents are there ready to sign up these guys and try to spirit them away, you know
miserable exploiting piece of lying turd Joe Kubas
Oh, yeah, well, it just happened to have a cell phone. They just have to happen to know exactly where to meet him
You know, yeah, right
That was great, but the fact that they were here in the first place that was bad
Can anybody explain that to me? No, even Desi Arnez with that trouble explaining that no
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I could tell you one way
The baseball game effectively. I live here in Little Havanna, Cuban center unfortunately
And they started closing down all the streets because of protests. So
They were closing the streets down. Yeah, all these streets you couldn't get out. I guess we're bombed right there something here. Oh great
Beautiful. Oh, yeah, I hate living in this area and another thing make out when I'm out at Oloquano
mean
He takes a giant crap on the mothers of all of the Cubans. Okay, five six seven and by the way don't do it in the train though
Unless it's moving five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless landed. He's saying me Erda
Here's a mobile in the cross-spring. Hello. How you doing? Okay, sir? This is getting very upsetting
What's that the Cubans they don't want us to read magazines?
They don't want us to go to baseball games
And then there's this crazy guy earlier this year was trying to burn down this game by because he didn't want
A game are open. I mean I'm tired of these people I'm very sensitive to their problems
But they shouldn't they have the right what what are the problems you said your version of
What they feel if they feel heard about Cuba I feel I feel bad. Well, wouldn't you make me feel heard about it?
What does that mean? Well, I don't understand this one. Let me ask you this sir
Where would you rather be living right now in Havana Cuba or in the United States? 49 states of course
So what's the problem? The problem is how you think all of you this block is all the Albanians feel right now
You think they'd rather be living over there in the US the point is I don't want them to tell us what book three
What what the games to go to what to think what to say yeah, um, they come here and they try try to act more like communist
The communist fascist, sir. You don't understand fascisty. That's what they know that's what they know from
That's that's what the Tista was all about. He was the number one grade a world champion world class fascist
And that's what they think freedom's all about. Well, that's not what they're like communism. They love fascism
Well, let's let's get a little freedom here. Okay. Well, I'll see you in Broward
I'll say like I said I'll see in Palm Beach. I'll see it in the Martin County
I'll see in Duval County
Not there. I'll tell you what they will put up with this crap in Duval County. I'll tell you that and good old boys up there in Jacksonville
They will put up with this for a two seconds
Five say what are you smarting about it? So God damn truth
They all agree on all the same stuff
They're all right winged. They'll make it done make any different people it doesn't make any difference
They speak English in Jacksonville. Do you understand you get it? I understand you get it mister
By the way, once that's the nickel station go on in Jacksonville anybody know
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's my me B. Chelo
Hello, yes, sir. Hi Neil. How are you? Great good
You know some these people that are poor
What's everybody's attention the problem with the guards efficient. I don't should have just realized that if they would have said nothing
You know, it's just been another monthly issue of another boy magazine
And then this way they wouldn't have gotten god only knows what type of publicity for the magazine on front page of all the newspapers down here
And to cause all the stir if they would not have said anything and just let it go in the back the back rack of the airport
New stand
Nothing what I didn't have to be on the back rack. Why could it be in the same spot wherever that magazine always sit?
Okay, what business is any individual over there? I'm in a lot of here
I want to say something okay what business does one individual have
any magazine
Wait, okay, you don't want to have a conversation you're rooting up not just you make me sick
How come he couldn't let me finish his sentence
That's what Ted Bundy asked
5 6 7 0 I just I don't have any patience for people like that when you call a talk
Shoulder's gonna be a give it a take a ying and a yang and in and out and up and it down and that's the way it works
If you want to make a speech get us so box go out there in the street corner
Go down to my international whole hands with the myra boost them on bay. Whatever the hell her name is that bitch
Here's a pember pine. Hello
Yeah, no you already tell you what affected me about this this whole idea about the baseball game. What was that okay?
An example, okay, I'm out of your Toronto man. Maybe leaves
Went to play Hitler's team. I mean we're all aware of what it is
What sir Toronto Maple Leafs didn't go to play Hitler's team
But they did have the goddamn Olympics in in 1936 in Germany and the world continued spinning around how do you like that?
Well, Neil is just an example. I mean, I would do you know what I would do?
Well, yes, I'm going to play because Hitler's dead in the ground. Okay, so you bring up they bring it up some ridiculous hypothetical
Example it has nothing to do with anything
But how would you feel if knowing what he did to the new community? Sir, let me say it to you again, okay?
Nobody here in this country gives a flying crap about Castro. Can't you understand that he's not doing anything to this country
Nobody here cares about him and to put him in a same category with Hitler is typical of people your mentality. Okay, sir. You're wasting my time
5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 60. Oh, yeah, they're taking all the people away to concentration camps. Aren't they? Yeah, right. Sure. They are
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello
Neil yes, sir
It's a great joy to be with you throughout. Uh-huh, and I heard that you'll be on the
So-3 with that truth. Yeah, I'll be on your old tree in the morning right fine. Take the much out of your mouth next time to call sir
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pop, look at that two calls left in the board here
I'm desperately seeking somebody who wants to have verbal intercourse here today
And I'm getting just a usual cacophony of crap of swill 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a Columbus, Ohio. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay, let's let's tell you we listen to you every day up here
All right, dude, good. The highest state
One thing that last week about what you said about Colorado all these people in there that want to pray
You know, that's a bunch of crap. Okay. Thank you. Call all right from Ohio State to say bull crap on here. Thank you, sir
Oh, yeah, like uh other than these idiots that are now saying oh well, you know if these kids could have just prayed in school
If they would just if they would just had the 10 commandments up on the wall there then all of a sudden these people wouldn't be doing all of these things right
Or if they would just put on the right uniforms that would make it even nicer wouldn't so then you couldn't identify anybody
At least the trench coats they stood out a little bit. They had some some hell of a chance to find out who the hell they were
Putting an outfit on somebody putting them in a uniform trying to make them go step
According to your whatever it is that isn't that a change with on the inside
I know that comes to the great shock that some of you people out there that doesn't get the job done
I'm not getting worked up about huh you love it on 9 and 5 60 WQM if you look
May 5th Sync code in my oh
Little holiday only stations are giving away tips to ten coups. I'm we're giving away tips of Mexico City
We're bringing Mexico to you. That's right. We're giving away Mexico real live
Mexico
Ram
With these mucleague illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station van
And we'll give one to you imagine your own personal Mexican. They'll wash your car
Eat your house. Eat your car
Anything you want because if they don't you'll have them deported audio
Be good even head color when you hear this
And win a Mexican members of this patient and their families are not eligible for own Mexicans
Aiding in de la Suga Mexicans is winners responsibility station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans
That look great think of you Maya with your own home
Every day with your very own Mexican people to think away. Oh, I'm fine. I didn't know Hitler had a hockey team
It's 1114 at 560 WQAM pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line 5 670 560 for all of stop Florida Columbus
Oh, how do you want to call and say bull crap on here? What do you like?
Here's Miami. Hello
How you doing sir? Okay, a meal for that guy that told you about
Happened type of medical or Hitler's hockey team
Hi, Paul. So yeah tell him for a fact that this country did forget about Hitler when he was doing
For years until the jackpot pro harbour
And that's the only reason they got the United States got into World War II anyway. Yeah
Something else about that. What was that happening with playing a hockey game with Hitler?
Oh, think it was about
If he would have been the goalie without a mask catching everyone pretty good
But you were saying about this country don't give a crap about the cash draw. I said this country never give a crap about Hitler either
That's right. That's absolutely the correct sir
Something about this Cuban the Scarfish him out of it's true what he says though
They got a magazine and just made it into something it just brought it up to like
Standards that it never had before because I read to Garfish him out of yeah
And I mean you could always go into a bookstore and grab one because it never sells out
But now you can't find it right. Oh, yeah, it's on like hotcakes like a homivine Jerusalem, right?
Have a good one. Thank you sir god bless you. That's right
Lot of free publicity for cigar fish. You know, which always has got great things to say about our good friends next to by the way
I thought I'd mention that
In case what's his name is listening to footy athletes foot from fly 100
I'm so embarrassed for you footy. Okay running around
Papa you and Ron is showing all the other naysayers in this town, you know blowing out your ass
Book just came out. We're all doing great the worst team Joe and the big old boys in the morning are doing great
I'm doing spectacular the hopper head is biggest book ever on this radio station went through the roof
Thanks to Jason and Josh and all these other people
And what's your name on the other station too? We don't want to forget about her
You know what I'm going to do
And even the nighttime went up even when the marlin games are on that's right. There was genway for boring march. Sorry
Oh wait for you to see the nighttime. Yeah, wait till you see now
Plus you know what's going to happen to us with these marlin games like tomorrow in the middle of the afternoon
Anybody going to be listening to that? No
There is there isn't no interest. There is less than no interest nice going John Henry. You may be a nice guy, but boy
What a sucker man
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello
I'm gonna get a heavy back. Yes, sir. I'm sure you're where you on the news last night
Channel six no get a little pizza on your radio show yesterday you going to steric on about the Cubans
Well, you're on it. How could they do that? Well, they used to talk to anybody from channel six yesterday
I did not so how do they do that? They actually had your face
Going as they had the camera on you with you know, uh, oh, I don't know if it was live
It might have been a still shot, but they had you when you were going about it to down gosh darn
Uh, not a cigar magazine not a political magazine. Yeah, they had you going berserk and then right afterwards
They had permission to spot about the last talk show radio guy that got a blown up and his legs blown off from the car bomb
Yeah, when he was suggesting that we continue relations with Cuba. Uh-huh. So two suggestions for you next time you go to drive make sure
Okay, great. Whatever you say pal. Lower out your ass
Talk about talk about
Convoluted one of your people again
Five little more people
Three years. He didn't have an accident. He was a redneck like I said
Oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five. You just got your same yourself before
By the way, Emilio Million is the name that you're looking for sir
Just just the you know in passing
Here's Miami hello
Miami hello, yes sir, Neil. I just want to say the most entertaining thing about that game. Yes, but it was working with that
Well the Cuban national and the American team uh-huh. It was when uh, I think it was a ref
Take that back. Yeah, take that back you and I could suck up a table and slam them
That was the best thing the ref did they have a referees in the baseball and he was pretty big they have referees
Whatever there is okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's sunrise. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey permission to bring something to the table real quick something else
See that called two calls ago. It was like a veiled bomb threat was the you know, yes go ahead sir
Okay, remember about oh, I think about it. What do you mean bring to the table something else? How many times do I have to say it sir?
This is a talk show whatever you want to talk about as long as we might to be interested. Let's hear it
Okay, remember about a month and a half ago when um
There was like a debate on who was better the beach boys or eras meant or something like that. Yeah
Okay, um, well, there's and so many mentioned that um Dennis Wilson didn't even play on the beach boys
The albums but I was trying to call him. There's one guy. He's the most recorded city of musicians
and the and the um and the history of recording and he's us from your hometown
His name is Steve dad. He played on everything. He's like the Paul Simon. Yeah, playing on
Yeah, he's probably on the other line. Okay, grab it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Yeah, Paul Simon there he was when they put that big Joe to measure a plaque out there in center field
The Yankee Stadium and there was Paul Simon standing there. I saw it on CNN international when I was on vacation
And there's Paul Simon where have you gone Joe to measure and a crowd goes nuts even though we know
Then he already said that he just stuck it in there because it fit in middle lyrics, okay?
And
And that Joe to measure didn't like it in the first place because he was too stupid to understand it that it was a faunting
It was a complimentary and he didn't understand it. Oh, I haven't gone anywhere. What are you talking about?
But he's dead anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello
How you doing now? Okay, sir
I'm so tired of these humans dictating and preaching their freedoms and telling us and how far and what we can and can't buy
I've just about had it
Anyway, I'm more excited and can't wait for Simon to the lamp sequel to finally come out
next month
You hear about that? No, you haven't heard about it. No, Simon to the lamps the follow up book is gonna come out next month
And they're already in production for the movie it puts the lotion in the basket. Yeah, it's a it's a bad time
And lastly
Does Yugoslavia have a baseball team? Yeah, they're they're gonna be playing the Yankees tonight
I'll do it. Okay, okay
By the way, you think leave on can win five games this year? No, just let it ask five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello. How you doing?
Morning. Yes, sir. I'm great. I'm glad
I'm so I am so angry at that caller that stupid analogy he gave about
About Hitler and the hockey team what and the heck was that? What was that? It was a dumb call. I mean that was
ludicrous, but my other point was joy city great job and he I have to tell you he's a very loyal to you
Neil he gave you the highest accolades when people asked him I was like working with you over the years. Yeah
I just want to let you know he would loyalty. That's just got to do with honesty
Well, you know, and he did he did a great job. He really did working with me as a piece of cake
He said you would have been out of work with one of those hard-ass the people who likes to brow beat the the underlings
And you know, I'm not one of those people. We got some of those people around here
I just don't the deal with the like that. Why the hell three people like crap?
I just wanted to you know, just wanted to pass that along to you. Okay, God bless you sir
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
There's a mobile and point and V. Chilla. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Glad to have you back. Uh-huh
I can tell I can tell by these last two days on these phones. It's just a fantastic festive welcoming back party
That's what I always expect in this time
Well, George is pretty good. I like him when he's in. I just need to stay away from the religion. That's all
He just needs to be able to go for the juggler like you when they start something at Bible Adam
I just wanted to give you a little spy report
Since you're over there in that power 96 building. Yeah, I'm up in Orlando listening to
105 9 or whatever that it is jamming the oldies and who is it spinning oldies, but Joe nasty
Yeah, working. It just made me good to hear the here Joe nasty
He was so annoying down here and the station and the format he was doing just sounded so like well now
You got a fast hand out of here. He got his ass uh blown out
Yeah, I mean the jobs reflective of what happened to him down here
I just thought it would. It's nice to see what comes around go through that perfect place for him great
God bless you. You'll fit in like a thumb. Okay. Have a great day pal
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line 40 million empty lines here today
They're dead again from the oh from the neck up and from the waist down
In between we're not too sure
Here's Weston hello
Welcome back. Uh-huh
I'm going to go to the other side of the port as well for you. I hear Chuck Zink is following Mike Rineria on J&A
Yeah, I heard that. Yeah, on the afternoon. Yeah, George does a good job by the way. I wish he'd bring back those 80 shows
That was pretty good 80 shows. He did the show on 80s like a retro show. We had a bunch of music and stuff good
He killed an hour pretty good. Good. Excellent
I think that's a good idea. We'll start doing that right now. So now I finished this call
And footy in those it takes it six suck
Okay
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile and sunrise. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How's it going great, Joe? Uh-huh George did a good job
My wife's an American Cuban doesn't care about the game and can't call somebody a douchebag
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Daniel. Okay. I'm an American and I care about what's going on in Cuba
Just because the sooner cash crew drops dead and they get their stuff together down there. Mm-hmm
All these Cubans will go back and let me talk about why I hate to break the news
Yes, sir, but when he drops dead nothing is gonna change
You're healthy right? I know I know you are a change
Whatever case people are gonna be screaming the same sour long boring note from now until the end of time
Never gonna stop. So we're stuck with him. You were stuck. I'll see you in Martin County then. Okay. Thanks
See in Duval County with Robert Duval
4,000 open lines here five six seven oh, and this is the last time I'm gonna do this
Okay, I'm not gonna play this game that this audience evidently takes great delight in doing
I'm not gonna play the game. It's pointless
We got all these different things going on here, which all affect our everyday goddamn life here in this town
We're prisoners of a goddamn mentality plus all the other stuff going on with the shootings and everything else
We got the little girl in school by the way the 13-year-old girl that got arrested because she's written
Yeah, she was plotting it then attack at her school because she saw it on a TV this other thing in little didn't so hey, that's a good idea
13-year-old girl was planning an elaborate attack on a list of students and authority figures at her school
Blair a bare middle school in sunrise was arrested later that night
Whatever the hell night. This is what's the story doesn't bother saying by the way
Charged and sent to the juvenile intake facility in Fort Lauderdale 13-year-old girl
So even little girls now are making all the plans thinking about and get their guns and make their bombs
into their things
Zined-America baby
560-505-60-505-60 on the AT&T line
It's safe
In Miami Town
At 560-WQ-A-L
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rites Association
Let's face most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed
But as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun
They scare the s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want
That's right handguns think about it. Need some cash?
Rub a bank. Don't have enough money for beer. All of the convenience takes chips and pretzels wire at
It's all free if you've got a handgun
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him
The simple solution to life's complex problems
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Well, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the dancing of the street just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working problems out and be considered a population control
Yes handguns. They just might make you think
Okay, it's 1131 at 560 WQ-A-L
The hangover show from Shulestake 2 at 2 o'clock
Donnie B. Tuck and baseball six and that's right before the pre-gain show the marlins and the brewers that I six thirty any interest
Anybody want about any spot? Oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line
We got 400 open lines waiting on you. Here's Tamara kill him
Neil yes sir good morning. Oh, are you okay?
Listen as Latina. I am very ashamed of how the Cuban community conducts himself down here
Uh, I think they have a hell of a lot more calls like this sir. That's the thing that really tears my gut
Is that we don't have a hell of a lot more calls just like the one you're making right now seems they don't remember
That they're elected government officials in Cuba like preo or the people that they help put in power like Batista
And then they come to this country and still and uh, you like the same kind of people to be
In the one the government down in Miami. That's why the government now in Miami. So messed up as everybody nationwide knows
And then to ruin not only the county to ruin the whole state they help select
ELEC and put in the governor's dimension
Religious sell it another fascist another right wing fascist. This is the mentality you're dealing with I mean
I guess they don't remember that I plus I mean
But a philo has killed this you know has done this Batista did the same thing
Under the blessing of the US just the different groups of people that's all you know
And Neil what gets me is Batista did it under the blessing of the US government
As everybody should know by now is just that they are upset
Because all these Cubans that live in Havana and let me tell you this
I think there were about three or four stories in Havana because every Cuban I know they're from Havana
Have you ever noticed that yeah, and they all have sugar plantations because they couldn't bring their money and the sugar plantations over here
They all under own casino too. I think uh-huh. Okay. Have a good day Neil. I'll read it out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line like I said it's old. It's stale. It's tired
Let's move on to things that have something to do with our life with some stupid vulgar in Baltimore last night did not okay did not
Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Hi, Uncle Neil. How are you? Okay. I'd love to change its subject to something more attractive and
Certainly uh something more interesting. I got a cable accident last night. Yeah, I
I think it was MTV or VH one. I saw somebody. I don't know. I've never heard of him before Ricky Martin. Oh my goodness
I got my wife. It's he is he big
Important is he new? I think about three and a half inches. I hope so my goodness
Um, if he is he in the same league as uh
Louise McGell. He's right now. He's bigger than god Madonna Louise McGell and reke and everybody else put together
Ricky Martin and don't ask me why he is he's undergone several makeovers and
You know what you see is the finished product of that. Oh real well. It's not so bad. Yeah. I was very impressed and I you know and every song that he sings sounds exactly the same
I mean exactly
La Vida loca and
Hey, I'm sure why and he's got that other one from the other world cup soccer thing
Er, they all sound the same. I mean, you know if you like the way he looks that's fine
He does look pretty good right now
But if you had that much work done you'd look great too. You know what I'm saying? Oh, this is about his fifth makeover
I've never heard of him, but I knew that you you know, you kind of knew you know, no, I know
Or excuse me
Puerto Rican. No, start laying him off on a cube. No, no, no, no, no, no, that was it. We got enough problems with the wrong with ball player
It's nip with the tongue excuse me
Um, anyway, just I believe me. He ain't available. You know what I'm saying? Oh, don't get too excited because you're not his type
Okay, never never mind. You know who you are
Okay as long as you know of the opposite
persuasion is not looking too bad anyway, um, you know, can I get a shameless request? Sure. Can I hear freeway and spikus?
Okay, thanks. Bye. Have a great day. Well, that's good. She changes subject to some other spik. That's good
Ricky Martin
We're just talking about that off the air this morning before the show
I don't know what the hell all of a sudden happened man, but it like I told him before
Talon has got very little to do with anything
It's strictly the marketing. He was hanging around for a long time. He was on tele hit
He was on a Mexican channel there. He was on the Latin American channels
Nobody knew from him anywhere in the world all of a sudden they gave him about the tenth makeover
They put him on all those Puerto Rico promotional spots on tv and they had him at the Grammys and now he's bigger than
Mary Tyler Moore
He's bigger than life itself. Like I said about mention a half
Ricky Martin and airy song sounds exactly the same as the previous one airy single god damn one
Do I have to think that no I don't thank god
What's always the name of that? I just felt about the Ramamaria. No, no
That the one that was the big one from the the World Cup
Like Kupade la Vida
Leave it to me to come up with crap like that like Kupade la Vida
They all sound the same
All the same and they're just obsessed with Ricky Martin
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of 18 T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man
Yes, hello Neil boy you're having a hard time today. Yes, I am just like yesterday. Oh, yeah
Can we go back to the
The Garne magazine for a minute going out to anything you want?
Okay, she was upset because she looked through it and it upset her because her family wasn't living like that. Uh-huh
Okay
Uh
Every time I look through house beautiful. I realize I don't live like that. You don't and every time I look through play girl
I realize my husband don't look like that right and come to think of it when I look at play boy
I don't look like that. Oh, no, so what do I do? I mean do I start? I guess we got to play banding
We got to start getting all these magazines off the shelves because it might make somebody feel bad terribly depressing
Uh-huh. I mean if you if you have play girl and you and you better understand
This is the mentality that so many of these people have been raised with the idea that freedom is as long as it does is not offensive to you
Then it's okay. That's what freedom is all about and uh, well, what's the chance for the rest of us?
I remember being in New York in the late 60s and pro-
Being involved in the Hiroshima Nagasaki
Remembering stays and the protests up there and there were Cubans and Puerto Ricans up there then
That were angry and by the way you made a comment. They were angry about what they were angry about anybody protesting
Against America they consider it to be on American well
Excuse me, but I thought protests was American
Only if you only if you agree with their viewpoint and you also made a comment that in Jackson and by the way emperor
Here are hedo didn't have the same slide on things as for them
You said Jackson though. They don't speak Spanish. They you know, they have red necks. I got news for you
There's a lot of Cubans in Jackson. Oh
Unfortunately like I said planes George ain't that far up the road
Yeah, and in closing
One thing that George said last week that I have written down and I'm going to use my motto from now on
He was talking about the choose life bumper thing right and he said it should be get a life
Okay, and I like that. Okay. I'll see you in a tree. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye
I'll tell you one thing a tree start to look a lot better now in your own retrospect a little kid up there with a banjo in the tree
I think he may have had a pointer to
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
22 before annulment QAM on another unbelievable day just the shakes the living crap out of me come back from these vacations
I'm full of piss and vinegar
Full of energy and come back to another dead-ass place every it's a same old tired crap
If you're suffering from hair loss you got an embarrassing ball spot and you're getting sick and tired looking at that thing in the mirror
Why not do something positive about it? Call my good friend Charles Alfieri over 25 years ago
This is the guy who created the best hair system in the universe
Which is why even multi-millionaires got their hair system from Charlie because no matter how much money they had
They couldn't look better than he could make him with the natural hairline system
And this is sunny Fox and I listen to your Rogers cuz I can hear the word asshole turns about
Warner I'll say you
I'm here often
Do you spend here before no first
What you mean freeway freeway that's nice
I'm sick it. We have the new two big hits right in here
You were here to get sir clean or what oh I don't know
You work around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor you know. Yeah, yeah, I know what's the top it
You probably need to rely oh, sorry, but you know with everything it's a new thing all it's to hey
You can start relaxing right now freeway. I
brought something
She's and freeway not just any sheet either
Look wow
The most important part freeway from the pro tech label
Pro tech huh? I'm so in dorm by the city council of San Francisco
Absolutely, you know the pro tech slogan does your high sure do
35 safe by the city by the bag
Well, what do you say?
Darn look at that. I trust this so began
I'll get in you bet your life he will and with confidence because freeway and spick it have
condoms
Don't let worry spoiled those chance meetings in public showers always carry pro tech
S&B
Don't doubt know what it's all about the pro tech
So they won't send you a
Pro tech condoms
Why do these guys keep doing this? I mean, why don't they do what I suggested that you should go out and try to sell spots on a Marling game
The method just comes in your hands this thing. Why do they keep doing this? What is the point?
The bit it to me last week, too
The QAM van will be at hooters on Cypress Creek Road just west of I
95 today from 12 30 to 130 PM
They'll have tickets to the second annual new times international beer festival
This Friday in Fort Lauderdale Florida Bobcat tickets for the May 22nd game at the Yenthah Center and free sit-go gas
Compliments of the sunshine gasoline distributors ink 12 30 to 130 at the hooters Cypress Creek Road just west of I 95
Anybody going to show up there? We'll see
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got 697 open lines. They just counted them pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Oh, yes
Neil I'm a Cuban guy and this is the first time that I tried to get in your program. Yes, sir
Listen, first of all, re-marking it used to be one of the menudals the re-enactors. That's right
I have to talk about the the baseball game and I'm not a fanatic believe me, but let me tell you I always said
What happened if a hitler sent a group of players to Miami Beach? I want you to tell me if the US people are going to allow to
Are going to allow them to do it. This is my first point
I just want why
Fidel Castro can do everything here. Let me ask you this question. Are we at war with Cuba? I'm sorry
Our is the United States at war with Cuba
If we are on war
Hello, let me say it again
Are we at war with Cuba last time you checked? Are we having some kind of a military conflict with Fidel Castro with Cuba? He does we don't
Well, he does he does what? Yeah, well he though he feels he married everybody believe and he'd read
I'm not talking about believe. I'm talking about are we fighting a war or are we at war with Cuba sir?
I'm not interested in some pseudo intellectual some abstract. I'm talking about real life
I'm talking about the right that we have to protest my friend
Are we the only thing that we did we no no you wait a minute you started out with a premise about Hitler okay?
Let's say it again. We're not at war with Cuba right
Well, okay, but are we he credit that already right?
Tell me if a group of Nazis can come to South Beach or any further are Nazis who speak in
Skokie, Illinois and who speak in various parts of this country and get permits to speak all the time in this country
Yes, yes, they do okay
You know what happened with Vanessa. Greg Ray was going to sing in this culture and they cancel it. Yeah, okay
So so is that right? Well, but why then why did why this
What did I say which is awful standard? I'm not gonna get into a screaming match with people like you okay?
I'm not gonna waste my energy. It's not a double standard things get censored in this town all the time all the time
And 99% of the time by people of your ilk who don't want to understand what freedom is
And whether it's being done by Cubans or fanatical Jews or who's doing it? It's on American. It's unacceptable. Got it. I'm sure you don't
But he's not fanatic thank god for that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and like I said we had the one guy that called
We should have every line on this board filled up. We got all these Julio's listed out there
But they got nothing to say the cats got their tongue. They don't want it. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe not maybe they all feel the same way as this guy did
Which is very sad
It was a stupid goddamn baseball game nobody cares. Don't you understand sir?
And what you also don't understand just like the woman with a cigar fishing out of magazine this obsession this hysteria
You know like like how many times have we seen magazines with a picture of Hitler on the cover?
Thousands of times
Do they take the magazine off the newsstand because Hitler's picture was on the cover? I don't think so or Stalin no
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood
Yes, hello. Yes, I am
The last night was a final episode of Noes arc and at the end of the end of the series they had a discussion on where Noes arc is
How long are we going to perpetuate this idiocy if for 50 years they
They said it was on some mountain in Turkey. Can you imagine if it was really true the Pope would buy Turkey
And maybe he would like to chicken better than Turkey. Put a fence around it and I really like chicken. I am
Yeah, okay. Thank you sir. Whatever you're saying. I have another drink
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. They're just not gonna call
They're just not gonna say anything. Okay, so the stereotype and the device of this and the same kind of resentment that always is going on it
It's never gonna end
Because they don't have the balls they don't have the cajon to open up a mouth and say this is a bunch of crap
And we're not part of the same mentality and let's move on with life. They just don't have the balls to say it
All these good macho guys out there. Well, you know, we know you're listening
pathetic
Here's a mobile and kindle. Hello. They need how you doing? Okay. Yeah, I want to go to the match because I don't give a damn
Yeah, okay, I bought that based walking but I do have two comments. Yes, sir on the Ricky Martin
Please name two other songs that sound the same instead of the visa milk and a couple moon via I mean
Yeah, all budget signs are sound different. So I don't know what other songs do sound of signs for you
You know what I mean? Well other songs the last the last two are like I mean carbon copy
Okay, they are but you know and again
What do you know this guy has surgery this guy has always been a pretty boy since day one
There's always been the same if you remember some in noodle and conscience guy I've got old
I know I know what he looked like. Yeah, okay
But he's never had surgery. So I don't know what you get off thing
I didn't say he had surgery
I said that he had like makeovers like they died his hair and they like I didn't say surgery
Okay, yeah, when you get old and start drooping. That's when they do the surgery. He's too young to have to do that yet
Yeah, he's a pretty boy. Yeah, but you know whatever and another comment when you
Live in a separate for a long time every time he comes in team. He also work on planes
Everything becomes in team you live in Miami. You live in Florida. I don't live in Miami
Okay, well, I'm a Florida, but you know what I'm saying if you live in New York living Jersey living
I don't hold boys. He would yeah, who's over there everything becomes in team and everything becomes a
I'm fast so you know
So just go with the flow. Yeah, just accepted exactly. What can you do? No, I'm not gonna do that sir
I'm not gonna be another sheep
Okay, whatever you say pal. What language you was anybody know what language you speak. No
Puerto Rican I think they're a Puerto Rican language. Is there a uh-huh five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on the okay, that's our pull question today by the way
What kind of a little flag they have hanging from the rearview mirror in your car and your truck in your pickup truck in your van and your pup tent
What kind of flag from what foreign country do you have do you have a star a David on the rear on the uh on the uh bumper
Do you have a Cuban flag a Puerto Rican flag a Brazilian flag a Jamaican flag
Oh, by the way, we don't want to go to Jamaica these days. Do we know stay in hell out of there until things come down
Here's a mobile in poppano. Hello
Yeah, how you doing great?
Yeah, I grew up in South Florida. I lived here since 54. Yeah, and I would like to address this to as you so lovingly call them
The professional sticks that call your show. Mm-hmm. I've never seen a more gutless bunch of people in my entire life
Yeah, these are the people that you decided to fight for their country by kicking up and hauling ass
As fast as they could out of Cuba right when Castro took over if you look at
Correct
If you look at other places if you look at Palestine if you look at northern island where there's conflict that the Irish hall asks out of Ireland
No, they stayed there and they fought the English for centuries the Palestinians now
They fought for centuries
These people the very first minute that Castro takes over what do they do they haul ass here and they want us to go fight their damn battles for
They can go straight to hell as far as I'm concerned and this country has long enough and purgatory
No way no goes to hell. Okay. Not pass go do not collect $200. Okay, and this country has long enough calculated to God damn much of their foreign policy
To appease the professional sticks down here and and kiss their ass because the Republican party sold out to them
Okay, other than other than that, I think they're wonderful people and have a great thing you do
You don't know how new dad that's what you said
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line like I said the cats got the tongue of all the rest of those people out there
Who's whatever it is that they just got nothing to say
And by their silence they just continue this guy like he's pissed off and fired up and I understand then
And I'm pissed off and fired up too. I'm sick of it. It's coming out of every poor my body the same old tired garbage
Some stupid goddamn ballgame up there that nobody in their right mind should even pay any attention to and the meantime
But I mean, but I'm about to put him up and here's the next picture on the front of a magazine
And then this guy throwing me were a Vanessa Redgrey, okay?
Because we got a bunch of hysterical Jews too airby group has got their fanatics or I hate to break the news to you
And they're all just as obnoxious as the other one
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I'm just wish that these stupid Cubans would stop calling your show and bitching all the time
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, what is it?
No, it's dark. They found their Cuba. Uh-huh
You know for their cashier lenses to all the Cubans who they can come over to Miami
How about if we bring it over here and they can go back?
Yeah, well, you know they're not gonna go it's like you said the damn boat goes both ways
I don't know how to come over here. I don't see any rubber wraps getting picked up on the way over there to you
No, never seen one never well
Okay, even when Cuba does become free. There's still them. Oh, what's gonna happen is then we're gonna get more of them over here. Yeah
Okay, well, at least we have a never ending pool of politicians whatever he said five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18th July
Here's Miami. Hello
I'm sorry, you can brought this up today Miami. Hello
What
What is with the phone now all of a sudden? I have it another nervous breakdown. Hello. Yes, sir
I'm on the air. It sounds like you
Thanks. That's God. I've been here for like one hour. I don't believe it. This is I am not Cuban
Anything you've been there for hours is four minutes and 34 seconds on the other thing here for me was like one hour
Four minutes and 34 seconds. Well, let me apologize. Let me tell you. I apologize for what for making that up about being on hold for an hour
Well, I have to make you feel guilty my friend. I don't I don't feel good about anything
Let me tell you and this about the prejudices him
About the one the prejudices the prejudices the prejudices. Yeah, I think I and I don't care
I'm not I'm Latino, but I am not even Cuba. But let me tell you what would you do if you're watching again
Any game let's say the basil game last night and the police come to you and tell you listen your gay get out of here
Why your gay get out of here?
That's what they did last night with with a lot of you and the way they are protesting
I mean, I do have to watch is you can watch channel 50
No, I'm gonna say protesting if they were disrupting the oh no, no, no, no, no, no, please watch
Channel 51 or 23. I will not watch channel. Let me tell you let me tell you you're gonna see the American families
They they got upset because they went because this all ladies they had one of those teachers that said no got to no problem
Yeah, the police went to them
Mem excuse me you have to leave and they say why well you have to leave because you have those all t-shirts and then
Well, I'm too much a crap. I sure got I shot them. I you're gonna see this American
See this is the problem my friend. Yeah, you're gonna see this American family
I should take those people and make them go to Hollywood Beach with a with a t-shirt that his life is a beach and they
Point and remember I am not even Cuba, but I was upset this American family
They they start they went on TV and they say we don't believe that this is happening in this country. Yeah, this lady that
This lady they are so old they they didn't even got up, you know like everybody else when somebody
But they didn't got up right they didn't and the police come and they tell that you have to leave because you have a t-shirt that said no
Castrono problem. Yeah, well shame on him. Yeah, so that's that's why that's one of the things that you have to understand about this
You and they are hurt because he's too and then again
They are not allowed to go back. You know something maybe if they stayed here in the town
Where they belong in the first place they wouldn't have got to run out of the ballgame
Because who the hell wants to go see the Orioles play anyway? Who in the right mind wants to go see the Orioles, right? Uh-huh
Oh my glad I brought this up
Wasn't that the finger guy? It sounded like him. Yeah, it sounded like a finger
Love him 57 at 560 QM you know Lorenzo
I
Father in law would you get off my butt? No
Your daughter so perfect
Mary such a putt
Father in law
You think you better than me
But I don't need in cafeteria and I have cable TV
Always wearing black shoes with premiered a shirt
You complain about
You won't have an import
Much wearing the moon
Many thunders to be
Everyone except break and should have been in
Father in law
You're like driving big cars
And you hate any music that has a G-tard
Father in law
You tell me I am a creep
But ain't clippin' coupons every day of the week
I have something like you
Don't go to the dog track
I don't drink high coffee when I eat a big match
Your daughter is my wife
Yeah, I will not destroy her
You're just gonna have to get over it
She didn't bury a lawyer
trouble four five fifty WQ on the award winning the award your show we get to send the award from
Athlete's foot a while 100 for the greatest show in history mankind even with those cheap five dollar spots
Huh, how are we gonna make it? How's the station that I'm making with those cheap three dollar spots that we're selling on a Marlon games
Anybody want to buy any? No
By the way when you stop by the QA and Van up there and wherever they're gonna be separate street growth between 12 30 and 130
Trying bison Marlon spots too. Please throw a few bucks. Maybe they'll give you a spot
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Three things on the Cubans
Why don't you ever see any black Cubans coming from there on them boats?
You've got lots of black Cubans yeah, I don't see it. I'll never get leave on for our Hernandez
I don't see none. I'm on them boats coming over here. Lots and lots and lots of black Cubans on the
No, they're not hiding them anywhere. They're all over the place
One more one more playing. Yeah
Why can't they picking for me? Caught them people smuggle them off the island
Why can't they smuggle some guys go over there up in the mountains like cast so there?
Yeah, wait
If the people are joining them up there
They're too busy shooting each other in the Everglades sir, but good thought five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, sir
Neil yes speaking on the air. Oh great. Thanks. Oh, you had a little bit of you have caught it there calling up about
Ireland that there's still that and they'll factory stuck around
So I tell my man to take a little flight over to Boston and tell me if he doesn't find any Irish guys there
Just from a professional figure over here take it easy
Well, what do you want to run that by me again?
There's lots of Irish that went to Ireland and came over here. Yeah, this is point
But if that happens, things weren't so nice in Ireland lots of Irish came over here to the redneck that called up to say
You know about people running away
What do you mean he was a redneck
Crackers that called the people the people that came over here the people in Boston and the other part parts of this country the Irish
They're not the screaming and hollering in fact. They're they're the last one to go into anything about what's going
Yeah, not anymore now that the Protestants and Catholics are busy bombing and killing each other over there in northern Ireland
They your god damn right not anymore
You don't hear them screaming about wanting to go back and wanting to straighten things out
They're doing their thing here. They took over the whole guy damn city up there with the Kennedys and everything in Boston
They got the life of Riley got the Irish Catholics in the church up there cardinal cushion whatever the hell is name
Most cardinal Kushner and tell us if he doesn't write it later. Yeah. Yeah, that's right
They got things straight enough just like the Italians in New York. We got everything in in Philadelphia
Whatever the hell I've meant
Get with the programs leave it behind. Okay. Let's move on with life and stop reliving history from 40 years ago and a hundred years ago
In all this other swill we're tired of it
Like beating somebody over the head with a baseball bat over and over and over again
Here's homestead hello good morning sir. Good evening. Yeah, good times one a couple of things
I forgot to tell George what a great job he did last week great job last week. George he did a great job
He was out of the $2 pistol. Yeah
I'm getting a kick out of this show today
All these
Professional Cubans here in Miami
Uh, protesting the baseball game. Yeah, it seems like everyone I'm watched it. Oh, of course
Well, it's the ultimate protest. I didn't watch it
And that's what I'm trying to say. There's a big article of the paper today about these old ailes who had like a big
Protests to gathering last night and they celebrated by watching the guy then gain that they were
What were they watching for?
If they're so pissed off about it, why are they lending 10 double support by watching it?
Jesus Christ and Mary man
About all the people that went up there to wherever the hell they were playing
If they're so concerned about their brothers and sisters and whatever in Cuba. Yeah, take that money by food by clothing
instead of flying to
Up the east whatever the hell yeah, and and send some of these people
Some help they're already doing that under undercover. They're taking their send and plenty over there
Well, whatever that's all I have to say is long. Okay. Have a great thing sir
As long as we don't know about it then it's okay because you know then it's a little double standard there
But we're slipping it all under covers five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Let me say it again after today after the day. I'm drawing the line. Okay. I never want to hear the word again in my life
I don't want to hear Cuba. I don't want to hear Castro. I don't want to hear it again
Call up Radio Mom B they went through the roof here in this last book
All this horsecraft about assimilation and about the you just look at the radio ratings in here
Radio Amor and radio mom B. Oh, I mean Jesus Christ already
How many decades have to go by before finally some people start getting with a goddamn program
Huh? How many centuries have to go by?
How many millennia have to go by
In Georgian cyst by the way that the next millennium don't start till 2001. Don't be peeing on our parade. Okay
We don't want to hear the facts. We want we got things all planned so don't be screwing around with it
Always got to be one guy confusing people with the facts
Which we don't like
Look what happened to god damn Galileo for crying out loud
That's right you better learn your lesson man. But public it after you're a little spic ass
Nine minutes past noon at 560 WQM you know that those at the door
Even loves new rod it's your one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD
Your prayers have been answered now through a special arrangement with a Vatican is holding this is back
And he's singing better than ever on the Pope's sing
Yes, it's Pope John Paul the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down
Lay down and poke and play that organ music to the eyes
Which might be so the Pope sings get you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope reveal
He's a part of and on this CD he's a bot
This should be playing finger
Oh
Don't go big thing get that chouchy
serp
The
Sixteen
Oh, I'm 22.
Wait a minute, chief.
So, a whole thing.
There's a bit of a malnour, a special introductory price.
Get it and save yourself.
$5.
Hurry.
Pro 15 at $5.60 WQM.
So, anyway, here's a meaningful fact.
Finally, please share Magic 102.7's ratings with us.
Well, that's good.
I mean, I understand that there are people in the business
that they lied to you.
They won't tell you what the numbers are.
2554, that's their demo.
Persons 2554, morning drive.
They went from a 2.5 in a fall book to a 3.
In the winter book.
Midday, 3.4 to a 3.5.
afternoon drive, 4.1 to a 4.
Not bad.
All the way around.
There you go.
There's your Magic numbers for an extra charge.
You know, all around the rest of the country,
people are talking about kids blowing each other up
and shooting each other in schools.
We got a 13-year-old girl in sunrise
who was trying to get together with a bunch of her little
girlfriends and blow up their school.
Eighth grade Hollywood resident, also, by the way,
all across the country, schools that all levels
have experienced a rash of bomb threats
and other violence since the 20th of April,
since the shootings in Colorado.
We got Yugoslavia.
We got a million Albanians that have been displaced.
We got Jesse Jackson grandstaining over there
trying to run American foreign policy,
telling us that Milosevic is a hell of a good guy.
And in South Florida, what are we talking about?
The same old tired crap.
That's exactly my point.
That's right, you're busy jerking it off.
That's what you're doing.
Same old tired garbage that you've been wasting our time with
for the last 30, 40 years now on
and like a stuck goddamn record.
That's why a lot of us are sick and tired
and nauseated and fed up with it.
We're puking from it.
While rational people are worried about important things
that have to do with our lives,
you're still clinging to the same old tired hysterical
thing that you're doing.
And by the way, how come so many are running around
with the flag of a communist country on your car?
Here's Hi Alia.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes, I'm Michel Niel.
I am Cuban and you know what amazed me is the American.
They don't know facts.
And I let me ask where the last guy that called you,
he said, we were protecting and watching the games.
Let me tell you, we love those players.
We don't hate the players.
We hate what Fidel Castro is doing.
The manipulation of the whole thing,
because everybody thinks that Fidel Castro is a nice guy.
No, no, sir, there is nobody who thinks that Fidel Castro is a nice guy.
See, that's an insult to the intelligence of people all over the world.
There is in anybody who thinks Fidel Castro is a nice guy.
Except the people in Cuba have been brainwashed for the last 40 years.
Many of them think he's a nice guy.
Other than that, there is nobody outside Cuba
that doesn't know exactly what he is.
Okay, let me tell you.
In other words, because they came and played a baseball game in Baltimore,
you really believe that people are that stupid.
They think that he's a nice guy now.
Well, just because we're supposed to believe that Milosevic gave the three prisoners
to Jesse Jackson, that we believe he's a nice guy.
Of course, I understand what you're saying.
But let me finish.
Then about we send in money,
last year we sent $100 million to our family.
What happened is this, we send the dollars to Fidel Castro,
get the dollars and pay our family with Cuban pesos.
So we are trapped.
We are between a rock and a hard place.
And again, we want to go and fight.
But this government, they don't allow us to go and fight Castro out of the country.
We don't even want to be here, my friend.
You don't want to be here.
No, no, I will.
I will.
I don't want to be here.
Where would you rather be?
Would you rather be like a Dominican Rally?
How about in Haiti?
No, Cuba.
In Cuba.
In Cuba.
Why is that?
Because I'm Cuban and I love my country.
But I was kicked out of my country.
What about all the other refugees that came here from Ireland?
Like the guy said before and from Russia and from Germany and all over Western Europe.
How about all those people that came here?
The millions and millions and millions of them?
Are any of those people fighting to go back where they came from?
No, they can't.
If you want to go out, you ought to set the phone down right now.
Walk outside, go to the nearest sidewalk and get down and kiss the goddamn ground is what you ought to do.
First, he starts by insulting our intelligence that because they played a stupid goddamn baseball game
in the Baltimore last night, that we all think that Fidel is an ice guy,
which is a total pile of crap and a slap in our face.
And many turns around and tells us he don't want to be a...
Well, guess what?
The last time I checked the schedule, the rubber rafts are leaving every 30 seconds.
If people could get here on a rubber raft, they could go back to Cuba on a rubber raft
and find out how great it is.
Because I hear the hotels and the casinos are second and none.
That's what I heard.
Some stupid gangster movie.
Go out there and kiss the sidewalk, okay?
Holmes did, hello?
New.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was thinking we should take all the Albanian refugees
and put them in Cuba to start their own neighborhoods and refuse to speak Spanish.
Well, they were thinking of that and they were going to put them in Guatnamo
but then they couldn't afford bilingual education.
No, I'm... you know, put them in Cuban society.
Okay, whatever you say.
560-560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, that's the thing.
My grandfather was a refugee from Russia.
When I used to just try to ask him about Russia, he'd spit on the floor.
He wouldn't even talk to me about it.
Excellent.
Also, there was...
Every time I hear Russia, I spit on the floor.
There was a Cuban guy that called a while ago trying to draw an analogy
about would Hitler come here, would we play a game?
Within you, of course, immediately showed how foolish that was.
We're not at war with them.
In a dig in which the whole world went there in 1936 to Berlin
and we had the goddamn world Olympics, would Hitler sit in there in the stands
and would Jesse Owens, you know, winning the gold medals, etc.
And it's already gone on.
Right, but the thing is, quite a few years ago,
the Nazis and the... I think it was the Ku Klux Klan
wanted to have a march-down date boulevard on the beach by the Holocaust Memorial.
Remember that?
Yes.
They were denied their permit.
So, you know, I mean, when you get an area that's concentrated
with one group of people, and they want to...
Well, let me ask you this.
Is Baltimore a concentrated with millions of Cubans?
No, not at all.
What's the analogy?
Why would this owner even do this?
I don't get it.
What would prompt him to be the one that comes forward and wants to do?
Sir, what difference does it make?
Did you see the little kids, the Cuban kids,
and the American kids playing ball with each other?
Right.
What? This is the way things are done.
There's plenty of pressure in this.
This goes on all the time.
Okay.
What difference does it make?
What is different today than yesterday?
They yesterday morning at the same time.
They played a ball game.
The Orioles were disgrace because they stink the joy out.
What did it change?
Shopping, and it's not going to change that.
So, why are people all with up in this town about this?
When, like I said, five minutes ago,
there were all these other grotesque things going on in the country.
We just had 50 people get killed in the tornadoes in the Midwest this morning.
We got kids shooting each other in schools.
We got gun nuts running around.
We got gun shop gun show spots on this radio station
and on the show which make me nauseous, by the way.
And nobody cares about these things.
Right because there's two million Cubans here.
That's why.
Well, that's my point.
Let them start worrying about things that have to do with America
and forget about Cuba for a change.
Agreed.
100%.
Okay.
Like they got to want people to go back.
Well, guess what, sir?
You're not going back.
So, one of two things.
Either go out and kiss the sidewalk like I suggested to you
or go out there and sit on your haunches like a dog
and they at the moon when it comes out tonight.
When sunset comes and look up there in the sky and start howling at the moon
and maybe it'll go away.
I doubt it.
God.
Talk about wasting your time with the same old tired, repetitive craft.
It just wears you out.
I don't know about you, folks,
but it wears my ass out.
23 years I've been on the Uranus town and it just gets worse and worse and worse and worse.
I go away for nine days.
I come back all over the rest of the world.
You know, you turn on your TV.
They're talking about things that you'd expect people to be talking about.
And you come back here and it's just like it never missed a beat.
The same old tired craft.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
How you doing, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
I'm going to make a couple comments.
First, you know, the caller from an older span of span is about noon.
He was making a comment about how they made this woman leave from the state where the shirt.
That guy couldn't be more of a liar if he's like, what happened?
What happened?
It's four or five Cuban people ran down until the field and middle of the game
and they caught around and about threw them out like they should have.
They didn't make anybody leave because of the teacher and they all come up.
So where did he come up with that?
I mean, I didn't even watch it so I had no idea I worked it out here or less.
I didn't. He's nuts.
Okay.
The only people that got thrown out of the ones that ran into the field during the game and they should have.
And the other comment I wanted to make was, all the span of the figure that talked about how much they've upcubing the hate.
Go back, get out of here.
Please.
And quit talking about it so we're going to make you right, buddy.
Well, Pacquiao made a note here.
I'll hop the pack of bags.
Okay.
Thanks, look at this.
He'd rather be there.
And what's he going to do when he goes there?
What's he going to be?
Is he going to eat the soil?
Now this is what kills me about people, not just Cubans, about people in general.
It's like with the Jews and the Arabs, you know what?
That piece of desert they got over there.
Oh, and it's the Holy Land, the Gentiles and the Arabs and the Islamics and the Jews.
All those crazy people over there.
Over this piece of desert, this piece of dreck.
Oh, but it's the Holy Land.
Yeah, right.
Here's a mobile invoiting beat, shallow.
Oh, God.
Speaking.
Listen, the first guy they call, the same Cuban should leave, you know, why they leave Cuba and why they're in the same fight?
Let's call the year.
And they got to follow it up and said the Irish is the same thing.
He's totally off-beat.
The Irish left because of depression and the famine.
Not because of persecution or error.
I think they got tired of the potatoes as what it was, you know?
Well, anyway, so they got off-base and the Irish are popular and they're never back down from a fight in their life.
Well, that's because they're drunk most of the time.
Yeah, well, that's for real.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, sir.
A full version of lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Take a lot.
See you.
Yeah, the Irish never back down from it.
That's why they always have to have the good bell through to it before they start planting the abams there in the bell fast.
And they're real gutsy people over there now.
The Protestants and the Catholics, these Serbs and the Albanians.
All this good old religious love by God is sure working mysteriously.
He's got kids being killed in schools all over the country now.
Be sure to even up in Calgary, up in the Alberta, there in Canada.
Got these tornadoes going.
His wrath must be waxing real hot.
I'm telling you, Ryan DeRong station right now.
The station for these times is waxing because his wrath is waxing hot.
He is fired up and pithed off the Lord.
And even...
Oh God!
...is getting pretty smoked off about this whole thing too.
I'll tell you right now.
Whatever this thing is.
567-0560-0.560 on the mobile one line.
I mentioned, by the way, the fact that in Cologne, Germany,
never heard one word of esponule and only saw three sparsers in three days.
That's one a day.
I can handle that.
What's wrong with that?
I'm just telling you the way I feel about life.
I mean, you know, birds of a feather, we stick together.
Of course, I don't know if there are any other Jews there in Cologne,
and I didn't stick around long enough to find out.
I know I did pee on the train.
That's my new tour, near Rodgers tour,
peeing across the Rhineland.
Dumping across the Rhineland by train.
Right through that little pipe,
giving it a right back to those Nazi bastards.
See, that's the way you get even.
All you Cubans out there that are all whipped up.
How about dumping on Castro's beard, huh?
That's it.
Get some of that good beans and horse meat that you eat.
You love so much.
That's it.
Send it to Fidel in a bag.
Send them all a crap you got.
That we could support.
26 past noon at 560 W.C.M.
You know.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie.
I'm in the student getting through operations, Don.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Mm-hmm.
And there was wondering if it's some tummy tuck,
and lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery
that you face with, all of these things.
Mm-hmm.
And you're just wondering.
Well, you like to start with.
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, I can't be done.
I don't know what they would do right away.
It would be the lotion in the basket.
Mm-hmm.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced, too.
Mm-hmm.
Laser surgery.
Mm-hmm.
Have the lambs stop crying yet, Mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt Mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first, and then if I'm looking actually we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Should I make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Mommy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation fee?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh-oh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
That would you like to get it.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in a bit time.
Okay.
The lotion in the basket.
Hello?
Couple of thirty-three and five-sift to WQM so anyway, the van
hit for Nileys here.
The nephew you are trying to look like he's doing something important.
The QAM van, right as I speak, is at Hooters-Unside Press Creek road just west of
island on E5 from now on one-the-three.
They got tickets to the second annual New Times International Beer Festival this Friday.
People of Waterdale, they don't even have to be Irish to go there.
Florida Bobcat tickets for May 22th at the Yento Center and pre-sit-go gas compliments
of sunshine gasoline distributors in
and the open park pig lease were the first one
to show up there for the free goodies are good buddies up there we love the
open park police right at the moment
here's one of the great fact is in history by the way
from bob
it says all these hyperactive cubans you just spoke some good weed
if marijuana were legal we'd have none of these problems except the shortage
of snack food
get a life people anything some kind of hobby arts and crafts
baking
cooking take a night course at f.i.u.
just do something else or leave
i'll help you pack your bags along with the other color
if there was really a god we'd have Asian immigrants in south
photo and they have better food anyway
just take a few bonk hits and relax life is short and death doesn't look to
promising live life to the fullest before they stick your ass in the ground
says bob
good facts bob
out that's one of the day so far
best one of the hour so far
uh...
that's true i mean the agents that much better for the net horsemen you know you
wouldn't know
five-six i don't want to know five six seven oh five fifty it's against my
religion that's right five six seven oh five sixty and pound five fifty
i'll stick to my deli okay any day the week and you know yourself you like
deli better than that crap
tell these very good all but you've never had to be a lot of what you stop
just when it just when you finally be ding yourself last week
and now you're starting to be dressed back in the old professional cuban
crap again
this is a week to be a professional cuban i don't want to know i don't want to
know it may be the greatest crap in history it's all fattening it's all uh...
starch
i'll stick with my deli something dietary like uh... crap lock
like ishi all by love my kishki
here's a mobile in my any hello
mobile in my any
going once
eighteen minutes forty nine seconds they waited there on our dime i hear
bop up by in the background of the still can't get it up
here's a mobile and steward hello
i'll come out yes sir
i don't know great
uh... you know i'm going on with the professional cuban
why does it one of them you know it takes one big that great cuban forty years
to go back to put a hole in this guy yeah
and they haven't been able to do that
there to be shooting themselves in the foot in the everglades like i told you
they're putting holes in their shoes
you know it's just
just follows the monitor forty years not one big great guy has been
i got news for you when somebody has the audacity to call a show this one or
any other one and tell us that he doesn't want to be here i guarantee we'd have
no problem at all getting a whole group of folks together packing him a nice
box lunch putting him on a rubber rack which we will donate and sending him
out to float wherever to help you want the paddle to and uh... we're from the
best of luck
absolutely anybody also wants to hop on hop aboard
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the way you know it's just
it's just an exercise it's mental masturbation that's all it is
because that's all these people know they're so filled and obsessed with
this one dimension was in that that's the only thing they know their whole life
is uh... that is their life it's a substitute life
and i got news for you none of them are going anywhere they may talk a good
game and they ain't nobody going anywhere
here's my any hello yes sir great
this is who you're here uh... and i have to tell you i don't care about the
eight ball game i don't care about
car magazine i don't care about any of that all these students that are so
worried about all that crap got to work so worrying about other things that are
more important and if they're and if they like living with it like that you
are called
excuse me they should just go back on that raft and i'll pitch in for that
okay we'll be taking in the fact that your q amp and we're taking up
collections here's my five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line
here's a mobile in the gables hello yeah i just hello yes sir i just want to say
that you can't fight for freedom on a foreign soil you have to be there to
fight it and the only would agree to instead of
kissing the sidewalk they need to lick the sidewalk look at
yes okay just look at that's what the guy said just look at
and a sidewalk two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
on a beautiful day in paradise and uh... here are they two great
twenty two before one at five sixty wq and there's a good
no sir edges at the papel in the toilet
hope you said you think
my a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
one of coffee me and do exactly like i do
get paid for writing little songs about
my brain's all gone i'm trying to get my groove on but i can't
figure out which part is going to fall on
and dr dr dr s
you know man you passed him
no
why do i smell it
can you look well
well since age 12 it seemed like i always smell like
hot grip and gasses in juxtaposition was pretty swell
i got this off when i took my jeans off
and parted so hard into my look what's backwards like crisscross
and every night i'm like oh thinner mad
then point out my ass fast little fan made two eight two fast
smell this honey yo wait a minute girl
cuz i don't give a god's happy to think the world up
my a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
is on the streets here in Goodshape.
And have a great day.
Exactly.
Here.
That's the kind of trash in.
And now what was that thing in that bit that I just
played about the Coons of the Road, something like that?
I see we got the new General Manager, WQM, just came in with a
much better suit than the old one, by the way, without the red
nose and the cracked coxus, too.
I think Greg Reed had one physical problem to many, one
ailment to many in the head of a well-shipped ass-out.
And of course, how can a guy like Greg Reed afford to be running this place
and pay me all his money when food he says or sell those
cheap spots?
Anybody want to buy any Marlon's spot?
No.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Yeah, that guy had called a couple of calls ago.
He said that one of the players defected.
It is true.
I did hear it on the news.
It may be one or two players defected and maybe one or two.
One or two.
And some of the, probably some of the 300 delegation that came.
Yeah.
They might have defected.
But they also reported that Brady Anderson and BJ Serbop have defected the cue with playing baseball.
Okay.
Right.
All a bunch of bull crap is what it is.
All a pile of crap is what it is.
Such a, I mean, like I said, around the rest of the world, people are talking about stuff
that's important here.
They're talking about the same old...
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
Jesus.
You can smell it.
Or maybe it's these cigars.
Just a joke, Joe.
What are you laughing about?
Look at these.
These are like Opus X.
Nick would be real upset to see this.
Although I did.
The problem was.
Huh?
Lahabaniera.
Is that correct?
Sure.
Sure what?
Close enough.
Lahabaniera.
It doesn't have a thrill on it.
It doesn't have a till date.
Lahabaniera.
It's a thrill on it when you smoke it, though.
And Mr. Gar too.
By the way, tomorrow's today we're going to be smoking weed in here because we have a short show.
So we know.
Why is he going to do that?
What's the time of that ball game?
Yeah, you've got to get stolen to listen to the Marlon game.
Yeah, I'm on.
So that's coming up at 1230 to pregame tomorrow.
We've got a short show.
Oh, here's a Fwente.
Fwente Fwente Opus X.
Why does it have Fwente under twice?
This one is good that way.
Is one of them Tito Fwente?
And Puppy Campo?
By the way, watch out for your Puppy Campo, baby.
What teams are you playing on?
Anyway, it's 149 at 560.
Who's that guy that Greg Regis brought in here?
Was that the new GM?
I think you're right.
Yeah, he looked more like a business guy.
He looked like a man.
Not like that sloppy guy we got.
That runs around sick all the time.
And you know, pro business is the place to go for all your eye care needs.
