Great show guys.
4th radio 560, now that you 2am, my Emmy for Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Talked to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for dating rarer or clown life.
Now you're a cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show
did not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions for the beastly broadcast room.
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio 560-0580.
There's only one Neil, thank god and I don't want to be him.
That sweet, I did the craziest thing. I flew the open to learn to keep on it.
And then I hit the street to go check out my stuff.
And what happened was, ride all the ride and there was a black guy standing on the corner.
I said to him, I was up and your blood was going down.
Then looked at me and said, if I was some kind of brain.
And you won't believe what he called me.
Shake the food, shake the food.
Now how did you like to shake the food?
Shake the food, fast and you don't like to shake the food.
Shake the food.
Somehow he don't like to shake the food.
Shake the food, shake the food, and he's really funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
Now how did you like to shake the food?
Shake the food, fast and you don't like to shake the food.
Shake the food.
Shake the food, shake the food.
Shake the food, shake the food.
Now how did you like to shake the food?
Shake the food, shake the food, and he's really funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
He's so funny.
We don't have much bands back at the studio.
Where do we find money for our users?
We don't have much money for our users or the boss.
We'll find out from the audience.
Maybe there is a lot of people.
It's maybe there was a lot of hate size.
Raeous products are produced by 6, not necessarily the shirt
and the pantalonie size, but the head size.
You think maybe that's somebody about the worst team, about the tremendous improvement
this morning with Boog before I get into my sparser thing this morning?
First I want to say that the stuff, for example, Georgia, especially with that Puerto Rican
crap, totally unacceptable.
Now seriously, totally unacceptable.
If you walked into a room like that swing club you keep going to.
If you walked into a place like that and you saw beautiful naked people in there, like
people in the active undressing, would you be running around asking there like, well,
what country are you from and what's your ethnic or...
No, you'd be hopping on it in a heartbeat, in a heartbeat.
And besides most cases you can tell without asking.
No, see there you go again with all that smell crap again.
That's what you were going to get.
No, no, you're fucking about to quote.
Very unacceptable.
You're a whole attitude about the people in general.
I want to say, for example, like JP, there's a good example, he's the way it's school.
Now if it turned out he would have been Puerto Rican, Mexican, Venezuela, I wouldn't have
given a crap blast, okay?
He would have still been the same lovely young man.
That's correct.
I wouldn't have given a crap blast.
That's beside the point.
You even like him.
That's probably only because he's human.
But at any rate, so I think that, like I've always told you over the years, people are
people stop with this crap except there is an exception I've had a lot of problems.
And I realize we do have, in fact, the last week or so, we discovered we had a lot of
dark folks out there in the audience, which is great.
That's wonderful.
But why do I continue encountering so many?
Is it just bad luck?
Is that what it is?
Huh?
Maybe I'm just unlucky.
But I have so many bad experiences with dark folks.
Like maybe there's another example, you know, right there.
We had a real bad experience.
Oh, it's picking him by the way before getting to my experience.
I think if Carol and Senator want to run any of our friends at Senator want to listen,
I think you've got all the money from the QAM golf tournament you're going to be getting.
Yeah, I think they've got it all.
Do you know how much they got?
Yes!
You know what the amount is?
Oh!
I think that's what they're going to get.
I mean, when a general manager of the radio station stands here in Hampton,
Haas doesn't nervous laugh and says, well, wasn't much.
Wasn't much.
Well, how about a number?
Well, it wasn't much.
You know what he's trying to say?
That's what they're going to get squat.
And of course, if I were the elected people from Lago Mar or any of our fine sponsors
out there or any of our listeners that participated and put up their hard earned money to participate
in a golf tournament because they thought that some of it was going to go to charity or
a big chunk of it, I'd be kind of parked off with you.
I'd be really psychotic.
I think of what kind of an asshole place is that anyway.
But like I said, I think you get what you see is what you get.
That's what you're going to get from that golf tournament.
Speaking of my close personal best friend, Mr. Thickneck.
So speaking of Thicknecks, and I've told you about Amsterdam what a great place it is
that go there all the time a million times a year, it's one of the great cities in
the world.
It's a fun place.
The only, the only, I underlined, aside the fact that they ate mayonnaise under French fries,
but so do most of the Europeans.
Belgians do that too, by the way.
The only negative thing that I see there is those dark, complex folks from like the Netherlands
and Tilly's who are standing all over the, you know, they're not everywhere, but they're
around.
More than enough to make you aggravated, trying to pedal hard drugs out on the street,
you know, illegal drugs.
Cracked, crad man, rock, crack, go.
They, they all look the same, they all smell the same, they haven't bathed in years, their
heads, they had the long filthy roster here, they all kind of like hunched over like quasi-moto
on a bad day.
They're the only negative thing in the whole city, which I guess is probably good because,
you know, you know, any place to be paradise, every place has got to have a problem.
Then this weekend in Toronto, I'm in a convenience store downtown, beautiful weekend, 68 during
the day, 50 a night, sunshiney, it was fantastic, almost like Indian summer.
It's beautiful.
I'm in a convenience store, I'm getting a diet soda.
Diet sprite, by the way, for those who keep track of these important things on a show,
diet sprite, and it can.
And I'm standing in line in this convenience store.
It's fairly busy in there, it's like about half a dozen people online, I'm number three.
And there's a young black lady who's, she's in front of me and behind her was a young,
kind of like a young, foster with a thick neck, you know, a young guy about 20, but a real,
a mean looking guy.
You know what I'm talking about, real mean looking, you wouldn't want to fool with him.
And now all of a sudden he like drops out of the line, he goes kind of off to the side of
the store there.
He's doing his curds in way, whatever he's doing, so that girl pays for her crap whatever
she's got.
And now it's my turn to pay for my soda and get that out of there, right?
But no, now all of a sudden, just as I start taking that step forward, I feel this elbow
in front of me.
And I hear a voice saying, wait a minute, you going, man?
And here comes our dark, complex, and young man, asshole with an attitude.
And he's like, now he's decided to step in back in line to pay for his orange drink or
whatever he's got, his watermelon juice.
And he pays and walks out of there and he doesn't walk out of there.
He swagger's out of there, you know?
And the young Chinese lady behind the counter that works there, she says to me, oh, we
have so many problems, you can't say that, we have so many problems, you know.
Why do I have so many bad experiences with black people?
I want to say it again, it's very bad to generalize about any group of people.
But in this case, I'm tempted to make an exception.
There are very nice black people.
We have four or five of them in our listening audience, maybe eight or nine, maybe three
or four, I don't know.
What's the name that does the car now?
Dexter?
Great guy.
Loves the show, by the way.
Hi, I'm Dexter.
Very polite, subservient.
Can't even apologize if you wanted to.
What's the name of their joint?
It's on the refrigerator, right there on the cabinet, yellow, right next to the Luscious
Jackson.
Oh, Luscious Jackson, car wash people.
Under Darth Maul.
Luscious Jackson?
That was a free sticker.
What kind of a name is that?
That's being banned.
Oh, I see, right next to Luscious Jackson.
Oh, I see.
I thought maybe that was named as car wash.
I don't know if you can see that far.
One AAA wash wax.
I can see anything, believe me, okay?
Anything.
I have amazing eyesight.
And hearing, trust me, I tell you.
Ten minutes after ten at five, 60 WKM, we'll get back to this in a second.
Maybe some of our friends can help me overcome my deep-seated growing, ever-growing,
negative feelings about black men.
And of course, you're making women who also happen to be black, but that's only coincidence.
You won't say?
And how about those raster people in the waterway in the Amsterdam?
Or is it black?
No portion of this broad guess may be reproduced.
No, no, no, no, no.
Permission of W2AM, deeply re-equipment of acquisition.
I'm going to keep your charts in straight here.
Hello, I'm Tommy from Taitami, saying for the best Thai food and the best service.
As long as you're not black, come on down to Taitami or Southeast.
We ain't all like black people.
They don't keep well.
Besides, white black people are too attached to it anyway.
We're not have fried chicken on the menu.
Oh, wait, I forget.
We have a spare ribs.
Look, Ching, I talk.
Cut us the ribs on menu.
It's a battle.
So, if you're not black, come on down to Taitami.
Come to think of it, those damn gay people.
We ain't all like them either.
Should it tip food, but they talk too loud with funny lips.
They serve other customers.
No comeback.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, lighten people.
You make reservation for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and expect your table.
We give it to somebody else already.
Lighten people are always late.
No black, no gay, no lighten in Taitami.
And Jewish people, you stop bickering our bill.
Who cares who have what?
Pay with an angle, let it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try and divide up bill.
We ain't all want you here.
No Jew, no black, no fat, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better than everybody else.
Come play too much if we don't kiss your ass.
You're not come back.
No white, no black, no Jew, no lighten us again.
Everybody else for the best Thai food.
Come on down through Taitami, under these hurry
before we have to close.
So what's that new Thai coon joint opening anyway?
1016 at 560 WQAM.
Very disturbed.
For example, here in yesterday's New York Times Sunday magazine
is a big front page story about kids shooting other kids
and about other parents responsible.
And they got the parents of the young black man
with the only black student killed at Littleton, Colorado
at Columba High.
And here's a picture of the Reverend Al Sharpton.
You know Al Sharpton?
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
And Michael Shoal is the father of the young black man.
And they have filed a lawsuit, these parents.
They filed a lawsuit against the parents
of the two lunatics that did all the shootings.
Clee Bolden Harris.
I just want to read a couple of paragraphs
because as I was reading this on a plane
coming back last night,
it again reinforced those feelings that I have.
Oh, man.
And like I said before, I don't care what anybody is.
You can be, I just, it's one of the worst problem
in the world today and all throughout history.
Even within countries, are they from Northern Ireland?
Are they from Southern Ireland?
Are they from, what are in this country?
Are they from the deep South?
Which of course, you know what that means.
But nevertheless, now seriously,
people hating people just based on these artificial,
superficial crap.
But I have a problem with black people all over the world.
Look in Africa, for example,
I was talking about this the other day.
Do you know that in South Africa,
a woman gets raped every 24 seconds?
There's no country in the world
where rape is more common than in South Africa.
Every 24 seconds a woman gets raped.
But nevertheless,
getting back to this story about the kids at Columbine,
it says 72 hours before my son was slain
down like it was some kind of animal.
Michael says, Isaiah, that was the son was riding
in the family van with Michael Von to the mother
and their four other children.
Out of nowhere, Isaiah asked us,
what would you do if someone gunned down all your children?
Would you go get guns?
I said, is there a reason you asked that?
He said, Dad, I was just asking a hypothetical question.
He got real testy.
I said, son, no, we won't get guns
because we're not vengeful people.
If anybody or anything will take down one of my children,
I'll try to beat it down.
I'll try to strike it down.
I'll speak against it the rest of my life.
Three days later, Isaiah's question took on the oral prophecy,
leaving his parents to wonder what their son knew
but would not share.
According to when I witnessed one gunman said,
look, there's that little nigger
before killing the popular athlete
with what the autopsy report would show
to be a single shotgun blast to the chest.
Nigger says, Michael, all but spitting out the word,
that's the last thing he heard.
Should that be the last thing you have to hear
before the last breath leaves your body?
Because of that word and all it represents the shoals is say,
Isaiah's murder was more egregious,
more shattering, more evil than the murders
of the others at Columbine.
It was worse than the others, Vandice says.
What happened to Isaiah was worse.
And it follows, they say, that their family is now old more.
We are victims of an earthquake
or we're like victims of an earthquake
or hurricane, Michael says, our lives have been destroyed.
And if somehow to suggest that the lives of the other parents
who's killed, the kids have been killed there
and that the other schools have on the country,
their lives haven't been destroyed, is that what he's saying?
And that his son was more valuable.
And this was, he said, let me say it again.
It was worse than the others.
What happened to Isaiah was worse.
And I read about this lawsuit
and I see that the Reverend Al Sharpton
is their egg in these people on.
He's an asshole.
It just reinforces my feelings again.
And of course there are those people over the years.
And he says, well, again, we know you're a racist.
Think I'm a racist?
What do you, what do you, smoking?
I asked you a question.
I'm prepared to listen to the answer.
Am I a racist?
George?
Yeah.
Oh.
But I think most people are to an extent,
to some degree or other.
The problem with me though is that it's getting worse
instead of better.
All of the experiences in Amsterdam, the experience.
See, one thing about Toronto, not only is
that the cleanest big city in the world
by that last poll that they took, I guess
the count the number of pieces of garbage on the streets.
But it's also one of the most polite.
Torontoians, if anything, it's a fault or two polite.
Like in a hockey game, you know, the Leafs score a goal.
And they're, hey, hey, hey, they're sitting down.
They don't want to get up and block anybody's view.
Like the assholes do here.
You know that, a little bit two polite.
They're enthusiastic but very polite.
So when somebody acts to you in a way that is not polite
and is rude and sticks his elbow in front of you,
and what the hell, where the hell are you going?
And goes out of his way to show you
what a hot ass book he is, it reinforces my feelings
of racism.
And wonder what would be wrong with black people?
You know what I'm saying?
Bob is me a lot.
So you can live your life based on stereotypes
that you pick up from TV shows or, or you know, crap.
Silly jokes.
But when you live your life, if you're intelligent,
you base your feelings about things on your experiences,
on your life experiences.
And the experiences that I have just keep getting worse
and worse and worse and worse.
It's like these names.
These American names, these illiterate names.
And the sports and the people, of course,
go on the air and doodly report them
like this is the way it's supposed to be.
Like lavender ain't as cold as they're on FSU.
And that anfony, hard away.
Anfony, how you be doing anfony?
There's no such name as anfony.
What do that mean?
What, what, no, seriously, what does that mean?
And nobody else that I know of asked these questions aloud.
Maybe behind people's back, they're like laughing
and tittering if I can say that.
Like what kind of an illiterate bunch of bull crap
is that anfony?
Well, what is that?
Laverneus, L-A-V-E-R-A-N-E-U-S, labor anus.
See what I mean?
It's distinct.
It's distinct?
Yeah.
No, no, seriously, there's got to be,
I mean, people can scream and yell,
it's like it's like it's a gay pride parade
and all the silly, minting, pussy queens.
I've talked about this a million times before.
I'm embarrassed by those people.
I'm nauseated and revolted.
They don't represent me or the most of the gay people.
They're just obnoxious little faggots.
And I asked those like this kid in the convenience store,
this hot shop, this little thick neck.
Roar!
Junior.
He just, you know, he just sets you back.
He sets you back 100 years in your life.
And you think, how can I coexist with animals like this?
This isn't a person.
This is an asshole.
This is an asshole with legs and ears.
Here's World Waterdale.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
OK, sir.
I want to talk about that topic.
We touched earlier with the kid that walked into the supermarket
wherever you were.
Yeah.
Let me tell you something with black people.
This is my own life experiences.
For the most part, the one, the bunch of people that work
and actually have to burn a living, a decent living, not telling drugs
or not robbing people are just, are usually people you can actually talk
to have a beer with through down the earth.
Yeah.
It's these punk kids that I know exactly what you're talking about.
They don't do anything.
They have a chip on their shoulder.
And they're just the root.
And they don't have not act.
And this is what pisses white people off.
And then we look like racists, but we're really not.
As long as you act with some respect.
If this kid would have been white, if he would have been Chinese,
if he would have been white, and did the same thing.
I wouldn't have been just as pissed off.
I would have thought, what a rude mother scratcher this piece of crap is.
Exactly.
But he wasn't white and he wasn't Chinese.
He was black.
Well, because for the most part, these are the people that have the chips
and their shoulders is the black.
I'm sorry to say, and I'm not a racist.
But what do they got to chip on their shoulder about?
What is that going to do?
You know what it is?
I have another point I want to make.
I'm going to tell you this and I have another point.
It's people like Al Sharpton and Johnny Cochran and people that ignite the fire inside of it.
They probably wouldn't have the chip.
A lot of them probably wouldn't have the chip on their shoulder.
For a lot of these idiot black politicians, but I'm sorry to say they are idiots.
Mary and Barry, everything is black, black, black.
I mean, if someone dies...
I don't think that this kid in the convenience store was influenced by politicians.
Well, whatever it is here...
There aren't too many black politicians in Canada, eh?
Yeah, but they hear the rhetoric.
I don't think so.
And another thing is that...
I don't think he was too political.
The Isaiah...
The political animal.
He was just like your ordinary regular garden variety animal.
And Isaiah, the easy kid that died in Colorado, that is disgusting for the parents to say that...
He said that...
He said that...
You were dead whether you're black, white.
He was worse than the others because the last word he heard was nigger.
Well, what happens to make what the last word he hear is?
How about the girl that says, you believe in God?
She said, he killed her.
I mean, what's the difference?
You're dead whether you're black, white, or green, you're still dead.
It goes back to this misery index again.
Who suffered the most?
Well, it is the black people that talk about this all the time.
Yeah.
I mean, everyone, the Jewish people had seven million people died.
I mean, do the Jews still bring it up every day to which are...
Some of them do.
In fact, I know some Jewish people, when they go to Europe instead of going places to have a good time,
they take a tour of the concentration camps.
Oh, there's nothing wrong with seeing what happened, taking the tour.
Oh, come on.
But every camp...
Come on. You talk about a one-dimensional...
What kind of an asshole wants to go and take a tour of all the places where there are concentration camps?
What is that?
I mean, it's a story.
I don't think there was a Anne Frank house which millions of people do,
and spend maybe an hour of your lifetime basking in the grotesqueness of ancient history.
But people should better spend three hours of life in a stupid ballgame.
Come on.
Then they go into concentration camps, yes sir.
I'll take the ballgame. Thank you.
I'm going to Bergen-Valsen and Dachau and Auschwitz.
Oh my God.
If I could tell you what...
I don't even know what the word is.
I pity people like that who are living in a professional state of misery.
Yeah, we're talking horrendous history.
Okay, but why in the world would you want to go back and revisit it?
Especially when you were none of your relatives were there in the first place.
And even if they were there, who would want to see it again?
Yeah, I went to Europe for a two weeks.
What did you do?
Oh, visited all the concentration camps.
Haven't you ever met anybody like that?
Maybe they turned them into theme parks.
So you leave it to you.
Leave it to an insensitive little professional Cuban like you.
Put some carnival rice on there.
Oh, jeez, I don't want to lose that rumor pin.
26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM is we try somehow to bridge the gap that exists between normal civilized people
and barbaric unscivilized people who want to act like animals.
Okay which most civilized people don't want to be surrounded with people like that.
Okay, you get it?
Only one South Florida rate of six and seven.
Over weekday afternoons at 2, sports radio 560 QAM.
It's a OS TAYS and you CKN.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
Yeah!
Before the six feet tall,
Let's go back and fall.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him Bradley.
He's gonna win the race.
People of him call me isn't now for God.
Did I mention that he isn't now for God?
He played for the next.
He doesn't borrow sick.
Yeah, we love him because he isn't now for God.
Yeah, he's sick.
That I'll go.
That I'll go.
That I'll go.
Yeah, he's not I'll go.
I'll say it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
Mostly cosy, top, boring, pal, third goaler.
Yeah!
Well done to love Bill Bradley.
That's a 2.560 WDQM destroyer.
This immediate continues being sick as always.
By the way, at least they're consistent before we get back to our dilemma about how we're going to save the human race from dark soul people.
So yesterday, of course, we got the news all morning long about the horrendous plane crash of this Egyptian air jet.
And Miles O'Brien isn't that the boring guy's name that's on CNN all weekend long.
It's like he does 45 hour shifts on a weekend.
He's on air talking to this one and that one.
And of course, we're getting ready to hear all the lies from the NTSB, which is what they do very well.
Now they're on the phone with one of their correspondence in Cairo.
Okay?
And the guy's going, you know, all those correspondence on the phone, all we sound the same.
They got kind of a British accent.
Oh, and it's really a very tragic.
And you hear in the background, some guy starts wailing and screaming and crying and carrying on.
Oh, one of the people that just behind me here is just discovered that one of his loved ones died because maybe I can hold the phone out.
And Miles O'Brien, oh, James, no, James, that's all well.
Now we're going to go over to anybody, please.
Maybe I can hold, I mean, you could already hear it.
I mean, and then of course, what have we seen the last 24 hours?
Errorly picture, airy sound bite of people gnashing, wailing and crying.
Maybe they could kick them a couple of times.
You know what that reminds me of last week when I was talking about the pain and the worst thing and the guy came out to family represented to make this statement.
Talk to us about, and I'm thinking to myself, when is the day going to come when somebody in the media, one of these assholes with a microphone is going to say, could you cry for us a little bit?
Could you break down?
Could we see a cry? Could you show us your real feelings here?
Could we like to bring you a few tears in the mail?
They could do it right next door here in the PD's office tomorrow when he comes back.
He cries at the drop of a hat, weddings, funerals, bar mitzvahs, bris, Halloween parties.
But anyway, talk about sick.
Almost as sick as this, that complexed parents saying that his kids' death was worse than the others and that their family is now old more than the honkeys whose,
I mean, he didn't use that word, but he might as well have whose kids were killed.
What kind of an attitude is that?
In addition to which what is this crap about who owes anybody?
I'm so sick and tired about this attitude of everybody owes somebody because of somebody else's transgressions in the past or because of some tragedy that took place, we owe you something.
I'll tell you what I owe you.
I'm just kicking the ass, man.
I don't hear anybody else saying that anybody owes them anything.
Here's Liberty City. Hello?
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm a long time, Schwarz-Hill listener, as you call.
And I respect everything you say about black people.
I mean, while I live in Liberty City, they talk about it, say, what's up, my niggas and all this stuff.
And when you come on in and say, somebody gets offended from the black neighborhood and say, you shouldn't be saying it.
The way I feel is, if we do...
Sounds like the popcorn kettle black people.
And you know what else? I bought you CD. It's the bar, man.
Oh, right.
Especially when Broken Brian did that jiggaboo thing.
Too bad that...
Yeah, I mean, I'm coming out of here.
It's too bad that Dennis Rodman thing wasn't on there because I like that song.
Oh, that's on an older one, yeah.
Yeah, I also call it something about this teachings.
Yeah.
And I'm gonna get that too.
But I want to get a little bit of what George said about Puerto Ricans.
Yeah.
You know, Puerto...
At least when Puerto Ricans come over here, they already naturalized American citizens.
Yeah.
I have to go through a queue with them.
I look at North Fent.
North Fent.
I understand.
And I just wanted to let you know.
I was at a rip.
There was a monster.
Murder in Son of a Bitch.
And I hope they get them all something else.
Because I agree with you.
I'm not just saying that I'm not being a Tom.
I'm just commenting as it is.
Right.
You keep up the good work, Neil.
And you know what else?
Even though people put you down because you're sagging them all this stuff,
I don't care.
But you trip me out, man.
You're the bomb.
All right.
All right.
Hey, and tell Puerto Ricans do something about Liberty City.
Make a song about Liberty City.
Okay.
That's what Puerto Ricans are tripping.
He's up to good work.
He's up to good work.
He's up to good work.
He's up to good work.
See ya.
All right, bye.
Peace.
I'll pray for you.
5'6'7'05'50,
05'50 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know what I mean?
See, Americans, people, white people in particular,
have been conditioned into just mumbling, muttering under their breath,
and not saying anything I love because they're afraid of being called a racist.
I don't give a crap.
You call me whatever you want.
It makes no difference to me.
And if I am a racist,
well, I've been conditioned to become a racist,
because I'm constantly being confronted with attitudes that people like this punk
and a convenience store.
I'm in here and try to buy that soda.
I'm not in there to make some political statement.
I'm not about to pay for my guy at the end of the diet,
Sprite and get that out of there.
Go out and walk in a sunshine.
See all the beautiful people out there.
All those beautiful white people.
I mean, the people out on the young street.
And this guy's elbowing me out of the way.
I thought, hey, maybe two minutes for elbowing.
Huh?
Asshole?
You jackass.
People with a tube, baby.
And I don't care what they're all there.
I don't care whether they're black.
Well, I'm sick and tired.
I'm not impressed.
The only thing I'm impressed by is the level.
The intensity of your ass holeness.
That's the only thing that I'm impressed by.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
What's up, man?
Yes, sir.
First of all, what did you guys get off seeing?
The caller that called the two calls and said that if a black guy is not working,
he has an attitude or, you know, I mean, that makes no sense to me, man.
You're telling me that if I don't have a job that I'm an asshole,
that you can't have a big with me, you're an influencer.
It's not all black people.
Come on, people, wake up.
And, you know, there are some ignorant young black people out there.
But there's some ignorant young black white people.
There's Spanish people out there that's because parenting, you know,
didn't be the most successful parenting, you know.
And it's not, it's the person, it's not the color scheme.
The sterilization, man.
You'd be amazed how well it would work.
Exactly.
When you got some people making babies boards,
amazing how dumb those babies really are.
And it's like, some of these people have making babies.
Are still babies, you know?
Yeah, that's right.
Babies making babies.
Exactly.
So, I mean, you can't just put your finger on it and say, you know,
because I listen to Johnny Conkering that I'm a threat to society.
Yeah.
You know, I understand what's right and what's wrong,
and it's a time in place for everything.
Now, just remember what Chris Darden said.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
That's right.
Thank you, Neil.
I enjoy your show, man.
I bless you, man.
Thank you.
See you.
See we got a whole bunch of brothers out there and they're good people.
Okay, if they listen to this show, that's good enough for me.
Hi, man.
Now, seriously, if people listen to this show,
that people would not elbow you out of the way at the convenience store.
You're into your thing right now.
Are good people, would he elbow you out of the way?
Oh, good guy.
You know, is this place?
I mean, he's good.
No, seriously.
He's a good ol' boy.
See, that's bad.
And I can't stop saying those things,
and I don't mean them maliciously.
It's just that we're going to have it of saying things that way.
Aren't we?
But usually off-the air, usually in private,
I, of course, say them right here on the air because it's fun.
I mean, Dexter loves this show, by the way.
How you doing, Dexter?
Nice job out of car, by the way, sweetheart.
And see, and there's the good car wash, your black guy.
And then it was Spencer, who shined us.
After all the publicity, oh, talk about me, Mr. Neal.
And I talked about him for about 200 years.
Got him all that business, even through 16 hard attacks
and all those other problems.
And we come over here, shined us.
Turned on us like a goddamn cornered rat.
And not that I want to start up today, anything,
even especially Monday, the beginning of a week,
but wait till I get to this thing about Israel's history
distributed.
By nonetheless, then, one of the great Israeli archaeologists
at Tel Aviv University.
Then all those people who are busy,
you're hucking in China, with their visits
to the concentration camps.
Once they hear this, they're going to go,
oh, exactly.
And don't start with me about giving that 500
heapers losers, waiters.
They're not giving it back to the goddamn Palestinians.
And throw pile of their homes, people,
they're supposed to see those people,
blow up the people, get back home.
And who do you think it was that blew up a guy?
I started it.
When you think it was blew up that plane yesterday.
Y'all started it.
Yeah, who do you think blew it up, okay?
What do you think?
What do you think is blew up people?
What is the part that's crazy, Muslim terrorists?
I guarantee you, if there was a lot of bomb on there,
those people are even better at it than your people.
Let them go back to the hospital.
24-odd at 2am.
This is 5.60, Q.A.L.
Asta del Tupador.
We shall saw the famous Rodley's
Pantheon vier del Stockangle, The county's
underground in
He has to do with mine, bearing something under him.
Touch your way to call.
Way to call.
Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball.
We will return it.
We will return it.
We will tear it into the top.
We will tear it into the top.
We will tear it into the top.
We will tear it into the top.
Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball through the look.
T sieves and feels welp of relief and ľ
...
Just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just
some song on my shoulder
and those notes
these notes were colored
yeah all shiny
and they were part of my
forget this
my hair
And I can get 430 to more. I come downstairs and they're all milling around in the Alabee there.
It looked like a jungle jam in the lobby. I just couldn't believe it.
I mean these people were the rudest, the most obnoxious,
game-playing, jitter-buggin, screwing around the elevator.
Just unbelievable crap.
In a city where generally you go because number one people are very polite.
This was all over the, maybe even the Oacle papers had this story,
but nevertheless a great condensation of it in Saturday's Toronto Star.
Israel's history disputed.
And here's a picture of King David.
Well not a pic, not a photo, not a recent photo, but a statue.
A retouched picture.
Yeah, retouched a little airbrushed.
Was the man who sloughed Goliath and was, who was the inspiration for Michelangelo statue,
the leader of a mighty Jewish power or just of a small tribal kingdom?
Boy!
I'm going to read this a little bit later on. It's great.
You see, and you know what this reinforces?
What difference did it make?
Like all this business about, well, our culture there is,
and we have to teach black culture.
Well, what difference does it make?
What happened a thousand years ago?
I mean, you know, if you want to know, it's like to have information in your mind.
Knowledge is great.
I like to do a lot of reading, nonfiction, thank you.
But what does that kind of do with the price of peace?
Absolutely, positively.
Nothing. Zip an e-doodle.
Just like the money we got from that culture, and for centre one.
Zip an e-doodle, nothing. Zero.
And that's why all these conflicts that go on,
and all these people running around, and they have to go to a big solid dance about,
therefore fathers did this, and they're limited.
Nobody gives a crap, okay? Nobody should give a crap.
Let's take a look at who you are now.
What are you doing lately, okay? What are you doing these days?
Nobody should care.
It's meaningless.
And there's one of the biggest problems in a whole goddamn world,
is everybody running around?
How many times have I told you?
If you just take the labels out, then 99% of the problems go away.
No Americans, no Russians, no Chinese, no Communists, no Liberals, no Conservatives,
no Right Wingers, no Left Wingers, no None of this crap, no Polish, no, you know, anything.
So then what do you got to fight about?
I mean, I'm sure some people will find something, but if you remove all those religious barriers,
and ethnic barriers, those things aren't positive,
they're a Negatory.
Oh no, you have to fight.
In fact, Alex Haley, man, I remember interviewing him on KET that one day, may rest in peace.
He didn't do black people any service with a quintet, can't take crap.
That's where it wasn't positive.
What does that have to do with what's going on right now?
Nothing.
I don't see a, unlike certain ethnic groups in the community,
which I don't want to talk about who they are,
I don't see a whole bunch of black people screaming in the out of it.
We want to go back to Africa.
We want our country back.
You hear that?
No.
You don't hear that?
Last I heard, they want to stay in the NBA and the NFL.
That's what I heard.
All a bunch of artificial synthetic crap.
You're a person.
You're an individual.
And you're not part of a group.
You're not the, where you were from, where your ancestors were from.
It's meaningless.
It has nothing to do with anything.
Nothing.
Including being an excuse, by the way, for anti-social aberrant behavior, by the way.
Here's a pay phone in Deerfield.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing, Dale?
Great.
You know, while I was on hold, you know, for a while here, I'm here in Deerfield.
I'm through up to Boga.
And I saw some of the worst scum you've ever seen in my life.
I see a black woman.
I think her name was Sheponda.
And they're like, some black guy going in on bicycles on puppies,
getting 40s of O.E. as some pork rinds, as 10, 30, 11 o'clock.
What's wrong with pork rinds, maybe done the acke?
I don't think this woman was on the acke.
I think she was about 400 pounds.
She had a reinforced seat on the back.
Maybe she's on the skatkins.
Hey, baby.
But, you know, I just kind of want that, you know, you're talking about like all these blacks.
And I thought I'd die and say, George says you're racist and everything like that.
I'm not talking about all these blacks.
Don't start getting carried away.
We're not talking about black people who behave in a socially unacceptable way
that pours my ass off speaking of pork rinds.
I'm not talking about how George said you're racist there, you know?
When somebody says I'm racist, I say, no, I'm not a racist.
I don't call it TV.
Yeah.
So, just remember that fact and, you know, you're a big...
Okay, thanks.
You got a pay for them for that.
That's for your money back.
I'd ask for refund, though.
Material definitely wasn't worth paying 25 to 35 cents.
5,6705,60, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Well, I just have to take numbers with a couple of statements you're making personally.
I think you perpetuate racism even if you're a non-aracist, which I have a problem with that.
I'm perpetuating racism.
How about the people who behave this way?
Okay, well, let me just...
Oh, I just opposed to button my lip and not talk about it.
No, that's not what's supposed to happen.
Just let's have a conversation, right?
Okay.
Let's have some dialogue.
All right.
I'm 27 years old.
I graduated from Florida National University.
I got a degree in finance.
I graduated with a 3.4 GPA.
Right.
I still have a job in my field.
But several of my classmates are spending, why not?
Otherwise, I went on the farm, you know, upstanding jobs.
Even when I tried to do an internship, I went to a couple of corporations and all the people that were there,
well, did not have black persuasion.
This has not made me bitter or sour or anything like this.
Just turn me on to the fact that, you know, it's a little harder race for me to run.
It'll be a little bit more difficult for me to achieve my goals and what I want to do.
Right.
But what I'm saying is this, things that necessarily don't affect white people one way or the other, like the name thing.
Personally, my name is a very common name.
I don't, I don't, I don't dislike my name.
I don't like my name.
My name came from white people who gave me, gave my forefathers name.
And this name has been passed along.
The name that I was given.
Yeah.
Okay.
I have a slight problem with people who name their kids, Takua Nisa and those type of names.
Yeah.
But guess what?
It doesn't affect me one way or another.
So I don't necessarily say it's a bad thing.
You're wrong.
It does affect you because it perpetuates the racism because white people look at that and say, what the hell is that?
But that's the problem.
Why do we have to look at and say, what the hell is that?
Why can't they say, oh, maybe they don't want those names that white people gave them when they were slaves.
Maybe they don't want, maybe they want to turn the page on that part of their past.
Why can't it be like that?
Why do you have to make that necessarily a bad thing that they want different names?
I don't care for the names.
I don't care for the names.
I don't care for the names of the society, the more you're going to find yourself on the outside of it.
So what you're saying is that we have to be conformists and every part of our society.
I don't have to be conformist completely, but I mean the more you want to be non-conformist, the more you're going to pay a price for.
Well, maybe we want to be conformist, not conformist about things like our name.
Maybe we want to work, have good jobs, not bad jobs.
Well, I'm not asking.
What kind of name is Anne for me?
I don't like that.
I just like that name as much as you do, but I'm not going to sit here and make a statement on a radio station about the name.
Maybe what the point is that I'm just going to start in the shop who elbows you are.
Where he's an asshole, no doubt about it.
Yeah.
No doubt about it.
And I don't like, listen, I don't like black people like that.
To me, those are niggas.
Those people like that are niggas.
Right.
He was a young nigger.
There's a question about that.
Right. Those people like that are niggas.
People like me, upstanding citizens of this society, should not be loved into the category with those people.
And you're not pumping you in there.
But what happens is, who knows me?
You only know me on the radio.
What happens is, I'll see some little white lady in the elevator.
And she'll start clutching her purse.
And I have no use for her purse.
Yeah.
But you don't know what's in it.
I still have no use for her because that's hers.
Yeah.
Unless she's going to give me a job, she's going to pay me from the checks in her book and her purse.
And I'll have you for her.
I'll have you for her purse.
But my thing is this, this dialogue is not very useful.
It's really not.
I don't agree with you at all.
What are you alerting people to?
What is the benefit of this conversation on the radio?
The benefit of the conversation on the radio is to point out that we develop attitudes based on our personal experience.
No doubt, Neil.
And there are a lot of white people out there who are completely and other ass.
No question about it.
I worked with many of them.
I worked with many of them.
I worked for some of them.
So, what, we don't have radio stations, what we think we do.
We have Johnny Cochran.
We have Al Shafen.
And when they alert white people to things that they do, then you can label them bad things like that.
But they alert us to the people like, like, like...
Well, let me ask you, what about this guy, the father or one of the kids that got killed in that?
I have no explanation for that guy.
That is the most ass-enacting I've heard of my life.
He says that one of them.
He's the death of his son, who is worse than that.
I have no explanation for that.
And he's trying to make that guy, like me, because I have no explanation.
Listen, he's just trying to get money.
His son's there, maybe he's just trying to get money.
Listen, white people do it all the time.
They do it all the time.
They find any excuse to sue somebody and find a way to get money.
But how come there was only one black kid killed in that...
They were two black kids in the school and other ones without some of that thing.
They were...
They were pretty...
16 in the school.
They were out helping me?
16.
Oh, maybe they were in the library.
Yeah.
You don't go to the library.
We don't read the code.
That's where the students were in the library.
See what?
Maybe they were in the gym.
Yeah, maybe they were in the gym.
They got lucky when they were right out of the school.
I don't know why only one got killed.
But the thing is, white people sue people all the time for all kind of things.
I mean, women burn the lip once and make dollars coffee soon, somebody.
So we have a sue someone for things like that.
I'm thinking about sue and subredd because I got this list here from those bad women.
We need a couple weeks later.
Listen, I listen to your lot.
I haven't listened to you recently because, like I said, I've been looking for a job.
I'm used out of the house by this time of the day.
But today my daughter is sick and I'm home when I'm with her.
But I really couldn't turn her in here because it lit something in me.
And I'll be honest with you, there are a lot of young brothers out there who have the wrong attitude
about how this thing is supposed to go on this society.
They really do.
And I can't see...
Well, somebody's got to tell them to cut the crap.
Well, I can't speak for all of them.
I know they have some legitimate concerns, but they're going about the wrong way.
But I can...
But I definitely can tell you this.
What you're doing is really not being helpful to black people.
I don't know what you're doing for the white people out there.
Maybe they're patting you on the back behind the scene or whatever.
But I can tell you this.
It's not shitting the favorable light on brothers like me.
That's all I can say and I'll leave it on that.
Okay, good luck, pal.
Yeah, good luck.
Okay.
I don't agree.
10.56 is...
I mean, maybe not for him specifically, but generally speaking, like I said before, people are people.
One at a time.
But if you have bad experiences, how about if it was Japanese people?
How about if I had like 10 experiences in my life that would Japanese people?
And I'd have more really obnoxious and negative.
Huh?
But it doesn't happen to be Japanese people.
In fact, now that you mentioned it, I don't think I even know any Japanese people.
Maybe that's why I like him so much.
Four minutes before 11 at 5.60 QAM.
Ed Caplin knows the scores.
Starting in 10 of the last team in week night only on sports radio 5.60 QAM.
So when you QAM, I have a sports water tail.
With a dash of his jackson, a girl of self.
And someone fed us.
That we couldn't do a song.
Do a song.
That was a dollar.
I like to see some light through the sky.
It's far down the down the bench.
I eat instant and on one leg.
Is this summer?
Yeah, it's summer.
A bite, slice, and a bobby bench.
The movement's making me itch.
But we did a song that is summer.
I scratch my butt with a nail file.
Hit the knowingly and like ceramic type.
People always fit on the land of pale.
My beehive said let's make a deal.
We have contact friends, I think they buy I'm late.
That's only better than no truth of the kids.
20 days a day.
But as long as they think it has really.
Everything's good to eat not to be lonely, baby.
Just the other day I got a 10% score.
Do you think Bill Bradley can beat our boss?
I think the first rhyme that comes to my head.
I'm a big fan of right-sense friends.
I've been emailed on my brand new computer.
People who drive to work are committed to the other right-mixer.
Better known as sports.
I think this song makes me sound like a store.
I give a mail to you.
I'm out riding a simple day.
It says kids, I'm a fan.
I've got this song so it's fun.
I'm not a downer.
I'm a boy out there.
Say I was proud of you, bitch.
The music was a very old sense.
I'm going to call him.
That's much more than that.
11.035 is 50 WQ.
We got Hank in the studio today.
Can you know he's a chouler today?
Never on a Monday.
Hank in that more.
Between five and six.
Six to eight forty five.
The mystery host.
Booster was under this morning doing a great job.
By the way, nice going to Booster.
He's a guilty.
So we don't know who's going to be under the, uh,
Oh, Monday, that football.
Look at this match up.
Another piece of crap.
Seattle and Green Bay.
Well, I tell you the NFL.
It's a joke.
It's a joke.
You don't even have to look at watching it again.
Just look at the matchups.
Look at the pairings of the teams.
And then you want to, and then look at the scores.
Like 13 to 9.
What if it was 7.
Whatever that was.
Just a joke.
See this last guy.
I mean, he sounds like a real good guy.
And I wish him nothing but the best.
But as much as I try to understand where people are coming from.
He could also write a letter to the New York Times and say,
Oh, your Sunday magazine front page story there about these black parents
of their kid that got killed in Littleden.
Who are suing the Harris's in the Cleveland.
That doesn't do anything positive for black people either.
Because it's a very ugly, which he agreed with me on this.
That it's unacceptable.
And these people are crazy.
Saying that their son's death was more important than the other ones.
And they're old more than the other families of kids who got killed.
I mean, just not obnoxious thing.
So, you know, I guess we're just supposed to go on along and be quiet.
Is that it?
See, I don't know how to do that.
I don't believe in doing that.
And I'm just not going to do it.
If I have bad experience, no matter who it's with.
It's like the thing at that Thai restaurant the other day,
which by the way, the wrong party happened to be black in that case.
Okay.
I guess then it's okay to talk about it.
Just like the things at Denys where they're always constantly getting sued.
Because Denys seems to have this habit.
If your complexion is a little over 300 Richter scale,
you seem to be having problems here all the time.
At Lenny's or Denys or whatever that crap place is called.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Great.
Listen, what you're saying, I've been all over the world.
I'm a bigot.
There's no difference between the people all over the place.
And what I found is that what you're saying,
you can pretty much find with anybody all over the world.
You can say it about white, you can say it about blacks,
you can say it about Jews, you can say it about yellow,
you can say it about Chinese, or everybody that you be.
So, what do you say about that?
That's not my experience.
That's my experience.
Please, Tommy, you know, for example, the black guy that you mentioned,
the store, are you trying to find the same thing with a white kid in the store pushing you,
you know, trying to see...
Never had it happen in my life.
You never had it happen in your whole life.
You never been to Papua de Roteo during the spring break and see out the white kids over their
behave.
Yeah.
Is there any difference between that and the way that black people behave doing whatever...
What do you mean they behave?
What do you mean they behave?
How do, first of all, we haven't had spring break in many, many years and four lot of the...
But, you know, when the kids get drunk whether they're white or black or yellow,
they get rowdy, yeah.
Okay.
So, what about the kids that you make?
What do they have to do?
There wasn't anybody drunk in this.
It was a convenience store.
I was buying a can of soda.
I'm talking about the one in the hotel that you said that you were staying in the hotel
with a bunch of...
And those people weren't drunk either.
They were just acting like a bunch of anti-social assholes.
So, you're trying to get everything to the person doing spring break and for color,
that when we used to have it down there, you used to, you know, that day pretty much a drunk
or day of all of the time.
That's why they are like that way.
That's what way.
Waiter, they used to work.
They all used to go around, you know, fighting and pinching each other.
Jumping into the pool naked, taking off their tops and things like that.
I mean, what's the difference?
I would say bring them back.
You know, really, I love your show, but you have to understand.
I'll beat you up.
I grew up in Europe, and there's no difference.
Did you bend the amps to them?
Yes, I have.
Okay, now, is what I'm saying about amps to them wrong?
No, I mean, I understand what you're saying.
I mean, you know, the assholes all over the place.
That's the only type of...
No, I mean, even though you just...
I'm not talking about assholes.
You'll find assholes anywhere.
I'm talking about people out in public just about anywhere you go.
Who behave in such a way that it's very negative.
That it detracts from your experience.
Okay, now, the only people I've been asked in that probably 60 times in my life.
And the only people I've ever found who've been that way are these drug peddling,
black, nylon, and all from the metal, whatever the hell they're from, hunger.
Yeah, let's put the amps in the pool.
Am I just making that up?
Most of the drug addicts in the streets, what are they, black or white?
I'd never seen any drug addicts in the streets.
I've never seen any drug addicts in the streets.
You've been a homeless people, all these people,
with shitting drugs and they're going into the ants and the parks, what are they?
In the Netherlands?
Yes, I don't see that.
Oh, yeah, what about the drug we have?
Clinton, so they have.
Clinton, so they have.
There's no way outside of...
Sure, I've never been anywhere near them.
Okay, now, they know those people have buses and they're way outside the city.
Okay, what about the prostitutes in Amsterdam?
What are the more I'm looking for them?
Black or white?
I mean, I could be offended by any...
What does that have to do with that?
They're not bothered.
It's what I would rather do.
They're not doing anything illegal.
I mean, but anything they subfant, they're subfantgaver regardless of whatever it is.
It's offensive, but it's white, black or green.
So maybe I'm just a racist?
I don't think you're wrong.
I think that you know, generally I've listened to your show in my opinion, you know, generally I've greased with you.
And you know, the only difference is that it's fine if you call it as you say it, but call it as you say it.
Okay.
It's the same in every society.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you for that.
By the way, here's one that'll make him feel better.
Okay, I forgot about this.
Maybe I'm just becoming an obligated old sour person.
Is that possible?
Let me tell you another thing that happened to me before the trip.
Not that this was such a big deal.
I mean, I go up there all the time.
I go to the airport and you know, like I've said before, I go to my international all the time.
I don't have a lot of problems there.
But I'm in, you know, unless I'm going over one of those banana bull concourses like American Airlines.
I'm sorry.
Like hand grenade airlines.
But this time I, you know, I get my, and by the way, the people that are Canada, they're the best.
They're great.
They love me.
And I love them.
They're wonderful.
And I get my boarding pass.
I got my e-ticket.
I get my passport.
I go through the metal detector, you know.
And I put my bag through the thing.
And for whatever reason, maybe they don't like me.
They don't like my looks.
I look suspicious like an exporter.
You know how they have after you go through there that special thing.
What are they looking for like explosives or whatever?
What do they call that thing?
Which thing?
Oh, it's like a wand that's got like a lock.
Right. It's a magic wand.
It's got a metal detector.
Huh? No, no.
It's like a bomb, an explosive detector.
Something.
And they take the little piece of cloth and then they put it in the thing.
And then they give you back your bag and you go on.
Oh, yeah, it's a sniffer.
It's a sniffer, yeah.
Whatever it is.
So there are three people there.
There's the girl running the sniffing machine.
There's the other girl that sent me over there.
And I hear some guy.
Okay.
Who's also part of this operation.
And guess what they all three have in common?
No speaking English.
Which we're constantly hearing about my international airport.
And I'm standing there while she's dealing with this little, you know,
my bag and putting the thing around it and sticking the cloth
wherever she's going to stick it.
And I'm going, that's that bad, that's bad.
And she's looking at me.
And I don't know whether they're talking about me or whether they're talking about the weather
and the Ethiopia.
I don't know what they're talking about, but I will tell you I really pissed me off.
I probably thought you could understand them.
No, they did not.
Oh.
They were talking to me.
They were talking to each other.
Oh.
And it was very rude and unacceptable way.
And I thought to myself, now I understand why we hear from so many people who say,
my international is obnoxious to them because of this, which I've never experienced that before.
I've heard a lot of people speak in Spanish, but I've never had that experience before.
Where I had three people holding a conversation in front of me in a way that I found most objectionable
and unethical acceptable.
Got it?
Yeah.
Go at the crap.
Make it a little bit.
Cut the crap, Spix.
It's just a little common courtesy.
Just a little, and I realize I'm getting a little carried away here.
Just be a little bit decent and civilized to people.
That's all.
Use your brain.
Of course, most of the people they hire at that place, you think they got a brain?
Oh.
I do like that announcement though that comes on before the other, you're landing.
Well, they say, be careful when opening the overhead because the hand grenades might fall out in the pinnacle.
That's only on American.
10 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Oh, God.
Georgie bushes at his nose and fleeting, never puts up in it.
Cutie's running for the White House, so he just can't admit it.
Stone's drunken, that's not all he evened down a few people.
He called a county drug with two, he even dropped a message to.
Why won't Georgie just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press would shut their mouth.
But it's none of your goddamn business.
He did more than what you think.
Funny watch it down the city.
That's the question that he does.
And he makes his point much clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants the cubiny.
That he didn't do anything.
Georgie bushes at his nose and fleeting, never puts up in it.
Cutie's running for the White House.
So he just can't admit it.
Georgie's creep, Georgie's creep, Georgie's creep.
1116 at 560 WQM.
By the way, Center One total pretty good, considering all the problems we had there with the discs and with all of these things.
35,974 as we go into the second month, November 1.
We got November and all of these, last year we raised 150 grand.
We can do it again this year.
Neorodgers.com on the internet.
You can order all your stuff through there.
You can call Center One, 954, 563, 3600 for the key chains with all the great buttons and stuff.
And the best of CDs and cassettes and t-shirts.
And you can also go to specs for the CDs and cassettes.
Specs all over the place.
They'd be brought, Palm Beach, and Fort Myers.
35,974, much better than I thought it would be, in spite of all the problems.
You see, I'm glad that I remember that story about the airport because it goes to show there is a reason to have this dialogue and to bring up these things because when you have root experiences, that's what shapes your opinions about people.
It's just a fact of life.
Like French Canadians.
Have I ever had a pleasant experience with a French Canadian?
No.
No.
Have I had unpleasant experiences?
Yes. Many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, I mean, okay?
All of them.
Every experience of every encounter.
I mean, my, the French Canadians to me, see, here we go again, like a diney spot there.
I mean, there's a moron, you know?
There's a real asshole.
So, the experiences, now the guy that was talking about Europe, I hate to break the news to you, sir.
I've been all over Europe.
And there, you're right.
There are rude people.
There are pleasant people.
Like in Germany, for example, many of the older German people are very rude.
In fact, if they were, if you really pressed them, they might bring up the, go put up their wallet or their purse, and bring out their little card with the swastik on it, and put their arm up and do the, you know, Nazi salute.
So yes, I'm not too crazy about the older Germans that I've encountered.
And again, because of my experiences, they tend to be very unfriendly and very obnoxious.
The younger German people, like middle age, they tend to be very friendly and very great.
Okay, in generalizations, but you can only base your feelings about things and people based on your experiences,
not based on something that somebody else told you or some stereotype on the nanny or some crap like that.
Yeah, if all Jews were like the nanny, I'd drop out right now, you know what I'm saying?
If all Jews were like the old Jews in Hellenbal and sunrise, I would turn my foreskin back.
Yeah, I'd turn my briskard back in.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm calling and reference to them the comments that will be made on the radio.
Yeah.
Am I on now?
Yes, sir.
Okay, let me ask you a question.
You know, like with black people, we don't have, and I'm black myself, we don't have, or so-called Negro, whatever you want to call me.
So-called what?
Negroes, whatever you want to call it.
Yeah, black girl.
Okay, but see, we don't have the convenience of having someone that to segregate our people like the white, you can say, well, that's poor white trash.
We don't have poor black trash.
You know, we kind of lumped all together.
So what, what?
Yeah, stereotypes.
Stereotypes, but that is how it was got a white trash.
Well, what about Southern white people?
Is there a lot of people who feel that way about most Southern whites or white trash, trailer trash?
No, I don't know.
I think so. I think you're wrong.
No, what you mean wrong?
That's opinion. I don't think it's a right or wrong opinion.
You can have that opinion, but I think your opinion is so wrong. It's based on error.
No, no, no, no.
But let me ask you another question.
No, go ahead.
Let me ask you another question.
Is, can you have racism and God in the same country?
Can you help that?
Can you have racism and what?
And God.
God.
Yes, religion.
What does that mean?
God was a racist.
He used to give instructions to the Israelis on how to treat their slaves.
Didn't he?
Did he?
Of course, if you read the good book or what's supposed to be the good book, God was a racist.
Well, it's been a good book. Everybody got a good book.
Yeah.
We just had a good book. The summer book was pretty good.
So let me ask you one more question.
Yes, sir.
What does that mean?
Can it be racism and God in the same place?
Can it exist in the same place?
God is a figment of somebody's imagination.
I'm just wondering because most black people are always trying to get to Heaven.
And I'm wondering, you know, that's something that was given to us by someone else.
You know, I'm wondering, how could that be exist?
When, in fact, we got racism in a country that promotes, I guess, equality and...
So this country doesn't promote equality.
I mean, you won't get any argument from me about that.
This is one of the most racist countries in the world.
Okay.
We're going to say it.
Just like the education system in America, the whole thing is based on racism.
Exactly.
Exactly.
I mean because if I don't own anything that's going...
See, I'm not saying that black people don't have anything to be pissed off about or any gripes.
All I'm saying is don't take it out on me and don't behave in an anti-social way toward me
because you got a chip on your shoulder.
Because all that's going to do is make it worse and perpetuate it.
What should be worse?
How much worse?
Worst than what?
Worst than...
When you say worse than what?
What do you mean?
Well, then like turning the clock back like Ronald Reagan did, for example.
Like how?
Like what?
Instead of...
We become the working poor.
We make a whole lot of...
No, no.
I think black people were making some progress very, very slowly at a snail's pace.
But when the right wingers came along, they turned the clock back about 20 years.
Didn't they?
Yeah, of course they did.
Yeah.
But let me ask you this.
That's their game plan.
That's what they're all about.
They don't like you folks.
What do you mean they don't like?
Who is they?
The white supremacist?
That's what you mean.
No, no.
I'm not the right wing.
Right wing Republicans.
They're not too fond of you folks.
No.
They have like...
They're not too fond of my folks either.
And who are you folks?
No, a whole bunch of folks.
You use bags, you know, all those guys.
So, fakes.
Right, Breiburners aren't too fond of you.
Well, not actually this about, since you say something about homosexuality.
Yes, sir.
Is that on?
Handy cap?
Is that on the right?
A handy cap?
A handy cap.
First for a lot of people it was.
That's why people stay in the closet.
Why do you think so many people are still in the closet today?
Well, I guess the reason I expected.
Do you want to think about black people?
You can't hide it.
You can't, you know, do white face.
So like people can do black face.
You can't hide it.
Whereas gay people can stay in the closet and hide it.
Which I don't recommend.
Well, I just wanted to know, because to me it seems like if a person is there in that gay,
are they saying that they're not who they look like they are based on what we sell persons
who look like if they, whatever.
Well, what does a straight person look like?
That's what I'm saying.
If we say what a person, we have a base of what we think a straight person is.
Well, I'm not right.
It's based on fantasy though.
Which to me is fantasy.
Just what I said.
Now, it sounds like to me.
There are gay people who are just as much who are looking as hercules.
Well, why some people dress up like the people who are gay people?
Say, for instance, who say they die so whatever, why they cut their shirts off and cut their hair and all this kind of stuff.
I mean, if you're a man and you look like a woman but you really say you're a man like that.
Like Dennis Rodman, for example.
Then why don't you just do that instead of trying to make a costume too.
You don't have to Ralph it.
If you say who you are, then do that.
Amen.
You know?
Right.
I'm with you, man.
Last question.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
You know, I hear you talk a lot about, you know, being respectful and being courteous and being that.
But I don't hear that sometime when I'm listening to you on the radio, man.
You name calling.
You listen to that.
And you try to promote not to do those type things, right?
This is a radio show.
This is entertainment.
This is entertainment.
This show is entertainment.
Okay.
Why do you listen to this show?
Do you listen to this show to learn how to treat people?
You learn to the show.
And listen to this show because it's entertaining.
And a lot of rights, right?
But in a Chinese it could help, could be used to do whatever.
It could be used for good purpose.
Do you use this show for a good purpose?
I teach people a lot of things on this show.
Yes, you do.
That is correct.
God bless you, sir.
I'll pray for you.
There you go.
And say how to read you white.
I'm sir.
No, I'm not.
I just did joke.
I'm not playing in this guy.
This guy's a good guy.
He's got nothing to do with read you white.
Is read you white by the way?
No.
No.
He's dark.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
Well, maybe he'll pay the bill someday. Don't hold your breath. Maybe the same day we come up with the money from that golf tournament. Here's sunrise, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. You know what? There's one thing I got to say about you, Neil, is that you are definitely an equal opportunity bigot. Yes. You know, and that's a good thing because I'm a bigot. Well, no, you're an equal opportunity bigot. You know, everyone gets their fair shot. It's just, you know, I don't think you throw any hardballs and anyone in particular, you give what you get, you know.
I just share with you the experiences that I have. If I said her and made stories up, then I would be a bigot. I'm just going to get my experiences.
And I agree with you on the point that you say, you only voice your opinion based upon your life experience. That is right. You know what I mean? And that's, and that's everything. Maybe I'm just unlucky.
Yeah, it's not you alone. Everyone's on the hook. And you know what the worst part is about the whole thing? It's just going to get worse. It's a catch 22. It's a no-in situation. And you've got people portraying, you know, aspects of hate. These, these kind of people, white, black, Asian, I don't give a crap where they're from. If you're going to sit there and stick yourself out purposely like a sore thumb with a chip on your shoulder and an attitude, you are perpetrating somebody that is of hate.
You are hate. And that's right. And it doesn't matter. That's why I brought it up today because I had a very ugly experiment. It wasn't a big deal. Nothing had got into a brawl about it. Nobody was going to get into a fight with this kid. He was a big burly, a nasty looking kid. But the fact is it was a very unnecessary and a very ugly episode. You accumulate these experiences over the course of your lifetime. And it just one more in the negative column as far as I was going to be.
Neil is just another instance where you're in the wrong place at the wrong time. It wouldn't matter if it was you or me or anyone else that was standing behind that guy. This guy was going to be an asshole no matter what.
It was a no-in scenario. And unfortunately, if you really take a deep look at it, like you said, the school systems and people in society itself, it's not going to get better. It really isn't. And it really sucks. And it's unfortunate for kids that are growing up in a world that is just like absolutely portrayed by hate. And it's just a no-in scenario.
And all you can do is listen before you go out and tape up and put your gloves on. Right. Get ready to go.
OK, and your body, Robert, don't forget that. Yeah, you know, you know, you have a good one. And don't forget the bullet.
Hey, listen, I'm going to go up and on my bulletproof vest and head out to satellite.
OK, see ya.
Get you a big gulp, OK? 27 after 11 at 560 WQ ever. Go to E.T.D. That's your roses. That's my favorite spot.
Jim Manditz talks four seconds right here on sports radio 560 Q.A.L.
All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks isn't old established.
All but during national brotherhood week, national brotherhood week, lean on horn and sheriff park are dancing cheek to cheek it.
Fun to utilize the people you describe as long as you don't let them in your school.
All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks. All of my folks hate all of your folks.
It's American as Apple Pie but during national brotherhood week, national brotherhood week, New Yorkers love the Puerto Rican.
It's very cheap. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try.
No. All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews.
All but during national brotherhood week, national brotherhood week, national everyone smile at one another hood week.
Nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only four a week so have no fear. Be grateful that it's not the last thought you hear.
11.35.35.25.25.25.25.252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525
Greetings to everyone, this is THEY
burn the Pope in effigy during his visit and to toe down their protest rallies, success
in raining the zealots during the Pope's triple indicate whether the BJP can control
its militant supporters.
Since then, however, Hindu tolerance has been eroded by militants who see the BJP's
rise to power, their chance to rid the country of other religions, and the Christian missionaries
who are backed by funds from the West.
Christian converts are 2.9% of India's population while 15% of Indians are Muslim.
Not surprisingly, the Vatican has planned the visit of the fragile pot of 79 to minimize
public exposure.
During his four days in New Delhi, he'll venture into the city on three short trips,
including one to neighborhood state in the most vulnerable security site on his urban
itinerary.
During each of these trips and pulp and before in his fortified vehicle called the Pope
Mobile, anxious to avoid a misapp India's mobilized paratroopers and elite forces to guard
the papal roots.
That's with an ROU, TES, guarding those papal roots.
Alright, there's another part of the world where they love each other like crazy.
Not to mention the Pakistanis, of course.
Who have the bomb?
Like India?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 8th.
Oh look at this, here's a mobile in Madison, what?
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Madison, where are you?
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm in Madison, Florida, and I'm in North Florida.
Alright, I never knew that I was supposed to appear.
Alright.
Great.
And I don't hate anybody except everybody.
Yeah.
You and me both.
Yes, that's right.
Okay, that was it.
Bye.
And we're paying for it and he's still always short and sweet.
Okay, from Madison, Florida, I ever hear that?
No.
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
We got 4,500 open lines here this morning now, all of a sudden.
Here's four lottery, Neil.
Hello?
Hi, God.
Yes sir.
Well because Mr. Simpson is a victim of double jeopardy.
Okay.
Let's go to a mobile in Davy.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes sir.
I just signed your black thing.
Just reading where the NAACP is asking the commissioner
baseball to find out.
That's because Detroit or Minnesota, the hired Phil Gardner.
Because they didn't hire a black to hire the Southern guy.
That's ridiculous.
Yeah.
I mean, what is a...
Didn't Don Baylor just get hired to manage your...
I forget Colorado, whoever the hell it was.
No, I think he had a...
Where the hell he got hired, Senator?
The cargo cobs.
Cubs, that's right.
How soon they forget the cubs?
It's ridiculous there.
Well, isn't Don Baylor pretty black last time I saw him?
That's what my son was last night.
Yeah.
But the cast of the C.C.O.O.
was falling on death years.
Yeah, nobody owes anybody anything.
Now they want the petition in the court in the hagg.
They want the reparations from the United States for slavery.
They're petitioning in the court in the hagg.
Yeah.
For a ruling in the Netherlands?
Who's they?
The NAACP in the black group.
Well, what is the hagg is the capital of the Netherlands?
What does that have to do with slavery in the United States?
That's what the international court is.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
And it's...well, before they get to the Americans,
slavery has been in effect for thousands of years.
One thing we have to look for.
How about they want to say we're so God-for-it.
God's the one invented it. Thank you, sir.
Okay. Let's see what God-for-what do you say?
5,670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
We've got 4,500 open lines here this morning right now.
It's enough to bring tears to my eyes.
Very sad.
Here's Orlando.
Hello.
Emil, got a starting board for you.
Yes, sir.
You know, on real radio, one...
Okay, we don't care.
See, this is the only problem.
Every time we talk to people in Tampa or Orlando,
nobody cares.
We don't care about the radio stations in places where we can't hear them.
This is the...maybe we shouldn't even got this line.
At least we hear from people outside the rest of the world.
Nobody here cares in this town about the radio in Tampa and clear water in Orlando
about real radio, unreal radio.
Nobody cares.
Just like this audience obviously doesn't care about any of the things that
they've talked about because they have one call left in the board here.
Here's a mobile in four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hey, the old one.
Good morning.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Question, I got the best of me for 1999.
Is there any chance of getting any back issues for years past?
Yeah, if you call center one.
Thanks very much.
954-563-3600.
Thank you.
You bet.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
566-705-60.
Count 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I want to think about the people in this town.
They're very thoughtful, very introspective, very, you know, into these things.
Aren't they?
No.
He and Pratagatta called and he was a good guy too, but this business is about, well,
it's not productive to talk about these things.
Bull crap, it is very productive to talk about them.
Because the fact that other people, and I realized that there's the intimidation factor,
you have it in the black community, you have all these single mothers where daddy is just vanished.
And they were intimidated.
They're scrapless at these big tall teenage kids that they've got, these big hoods, dogs,
and so was the entire neighborhood in a lot of cases.
And so everybody just kind of sits back and stays mum.
Mum is the word.
How about maybe not making so many babies sounds like a good idea.
Sounds like a real good idea to me.
Here's a great lunch from Atlantic City, Sub is by the way, which we thank you profusely for.
Maybe that'll kill my, uh, Listeria.
Getting some good food in my gut.
Kill that Listeria.
Which I do have it by the way.
Am I going to sue Sub Brett?
No.
Am I suing anybody over there?
No.
No, but I definitely have it from those bad weenies.
Let me say again, all you people out there in the audience, watch out for the wicked evil weenie.
I'm telling you that right now.
You get a bad weenie and you're pushing out real problems, man.
Listeria.
Kill them cold.
Just give me that old time religion.
I'm going to go right down in the brain.
Remember not to do as we do.
Only as we say.
Just give me that old time religion.
Our way is the best.
And if you don't fully, he's like we believe.
Don't you're as good as this.
All well-roverson in you learn.
Don't wear a comma, can't you?
We're living in the mansion with a big roll of throits.
Thanks to suckers, just like you.
Be a good Christian man.
You have to be understand.
Six in dollars.
Are a sin for keeping your head deep in the sand.
Just give me that old time religion.
And to go rather me.
Like when you're woman is that time and a month.
You make your stands outside for a week.
Just give me that old time religion.
And me and R.A.
All right.
So I can choose by the ones in the eye.
And give it to the same.
I don't give a capital in the lies,
but abortion's wrong to me.
A man should take love to his wife through a hole in the sheet.
The Bible is the foundation of the holy Christian man.
The fact that it was written by the man who did a fair patch
just gives you that old time religion with the Bible to obey.
And to interpret it in your valedict life,
make the rent and hate just give me that old time religion.
And by the jack too many hits.
And everybody else that comes our good.
That's death is our sin.
All right.
Let me point these six to five, six, seven, seven, if you I am.
So anyway, that guy that European guy that called before
about the prostitutes that am today and so on.
I'm sitting here thinking of myself.
As a prostitute ever come out on the street from one of those behind the door
and grabbed me by the arm or anybody else.
No.
No.
I mean, they will.
They'll always walk by.
They'll open their high.
They'll they'll they're cruising for a little business.
But they don't come out on the street.
They don't bother you.
In addition to which if you were bothered by that,
you wouldn't go to the red light district, which is very limited number of streets.
He knows what I was talking about.
He just doesn't want to face up to it.
Okay.
Because there are a damn few people in this world who really will tell you honestly and openly,
especially in public, like a radio show, what they really think.
And he's one of them.
Here's a mobile and Melbourne.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I want to thank you for the CD that I bought the other day and thank you for signing it.
And thank you for buying it.
I think you're right on the money with somebody's degenerate parts of our society.
They just say, they hear it takes you so many times.
You walk into the store, walk into you, and nobody takes, excuse me.
Yeah.
I think you know, expect you to take it like the rest of us, you know?
Exactly.
And how I got on that, I'm out of material.
And have a great day, pal.
Like I said, at Line 9.
Oh, God, is this a great lunch.
You're landing city, Stubbs, and Hollywood.
We love you guys.
Man, they got great stuff.
They got great stuff or what?
How's that money coming by the way from that golf tournament, huh?
See, if this was a real town, like Josie Lambeet there, you know, he went through that little thing with OJ and it was, you know,
but if this was a real town where we had anybody with a brain in journalism,
there'd be like a little investigation going on under that whole golf tournament and that fiasco,
finding out what the accounting of the money was and where did that money go to?
I was supposed to go to center one.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Just moved to plantation this year.
I lived in Miami for 30 years.
We're open to South Bronx.
Welcome to the Great City, sir.
Well, in fact, our police chiefs and assholes, the plantations are a pretty good place.
Well, I'm telling you, I'm trying to read and find out about it.
But I just want to, you know, I guess take two seconds of your time.
I never called on anything about growing up in the Bronx.
It was Jewish, Italian, Irish, Polish at that time in the 50s.
Oh, I see.
We, you know, we had really no black, no Puerto Rican until Adam Critton Powell came on and brought him in.
But, you know, as a kid, I guess I was a little clueless.
I'm like, everybody else.
I used to hunt, you know, being a fag or gay.
It was gay back then, then being happy.
And you know, I joined the Marine Corps in 1960, who came out of it.
And I guess the bottom line to all of this is, I have friends that are gay.
I work with people in my industry that a gay.
I work with people that come from different levels of the socioeconomic background.
And if people, people, it really doesn't make a difference.
And the only way, and really the only way to get around this is if the people have to stop, you know, really would always hate her to end just, you know, we're very subjective.
And I won't hunt anymore.
I'll never kill another animal.
And, you know, as far as people, I don't care how much they earn.
They earn less than all the same to me as long as they're good.
And I guess, you know, I listened to this show.
A friend of mine told me to listen to you.
And I just started only about a month ago.
And, you know, you get right on.
You know, and I'm going to continually continue listening.
And I just wish people could be, just look at the good of people, so that they're just being such a good...
There you go.
It sounds really goody to shoes and corny, but it's so simple, you know.
It is. It's the truth.
It's just, I mean, I listened to this with the black.
I mean, I was born in this country.
My parents have won this country.
My grandparents came from Romania, Poland, and Russia.
And my religion is Jewish.
The bottom line is, what am I? Am I still saying a Russian-American or a Polish?
No, I really think exception to this.
Black and American...
Just human beings. Human beings is pretty good at that.
You know, it's quite easy to go.
Just be who you are.
I have a bank side. I enjoy it.
I enjoy the show very much.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, bye now.
See ya. And we'll pray for all of us.
5, 6, 7. Now, homo sapiens.
Okay, we're all homos.
Uh-huh.
I mean, sapiens.
See, they're going to get nervous about that.
The uneducated man is out there.
Oh, you see this? He's trying to get. He's trying to convert.
He said everybody's a homo.
That's right. Everybody's homo sapiens.
Except, of course, for the Neanderthal.
Which here in South Florida, we have so many of.
In fact, the deep South, we got a lot of Neanderthal.
All colors and shapes and variety.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
We got a hand coming up at two from Schulestake 2.
Handkwood that more.
Between 5 and 6. Still don't have nothing.
What's going on here with that 6-845?
See, I don't really care, but the clearance given this morning making a big deal of it.
Since he's PD Junior for one day.
Clarence, if you want to be PD Junior, you got a squirt of you, sweetheart.
You got to come in here.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
We got nobody to work.
We're working this boy.
You got to start crying a little bit.
Then we might respect you a little.
Here's a mobile and four-lotter nail. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Pretty good, sir.
Good.
Hey, last break was going on.
You're talking about the act as I saw start off.
I let you know that the public say I have fish food for $5.
I thought that was great.
Just for the idea here.
Anyhow, I stopped by at Peach Loth.
I had to sign something that was off nice meeting you.
But I was wondering, next time you guys take one of those buttons.
You had to have one just managed stuff on it.
That's what I was thinking about, dear.
That'd be tremendous.
All right.
Yes.
And the watch cracking.
Uh-huh.
And what other idea?
What other suggestion is, because I love the button.
But I wonder how much it would be of a problem to make each sound bite to have its own button.
I don't know.
You think.
That's something to think about.
I give it that sauce around.
Anyway, I think I'm going to do it.
I don't forget.
This is the first one.
This was, you know.
Oh, it was great.
I thought I enjoyed it.
You got it on the ground floor.
Yes.
Well, thanks for, uh, for, uh, sign them by a card for me and, uh, and then closing.
Will you flush back in?
Okay.
Thanks.
Hey, listen, they're obsessed with that.
What do you give them this guy?
Look, they're obsessed with that fudge packing thing.
They're into it, man.
Maybe it's, uh, you know, on their actin, those look, uh, look, uh, fudge cycles.
Five, six, seven.
Oh, and by the way, guess what?
Chinese kids are getting a high-knowledge in Malaysia.
I'm sorry.
Different groups.
Malaysians are getting high.
The kids buy sniffing.
Come on, Pam.
Elephant on board.
Yeah.
That's a new trend over there.
Where can we get some?
Probably the Brooklyn Museum.
Just go in there and, uh, grab a handful right off that painting.
Take a dip.
And then just shove it back on, Eric, and you want to mess up that painting.
I don't want to look at the painting.
I just want to smell it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Five, 60, five, 60 on the ATC.
If Andy Warhol would have been smart, he would have had smell of vision on his Campbell soup can.
If he would have been smart and not, uh, whatever he is.
Here?
Dead.
Yeah, Kendall, hello.
Hello, Jill.
How's it going?
Great.
Voice from the, uh, from the past, from the old Jeff Striker, uh, brick oven days.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Great.
Listen, I grew up pretty much listening to you, uh, as a teenager, and now I'm probably my, uh, early 30s.
I, I, I was probably in your early 30s.
Yeah.
I didn't turn out gay or, I'm actually pretty conservative.
I mean, I'm like, I'm a power at, but, uh, uh, you know what, you pretty much kind of changed me a little.
Yeah.
You made me, um, I guess see things a little different, be a little more accepting, so.
Right.
That's the idea of this program, even though some people out there don't get it, but they, I can read them anyway.
Yeah, and at first I, I always picture you like as, uh, so resoodle.
And you, your voice sounded like you would look like so resoodle.
Oh, God.
And then when I saw you and, you know, heard you and then when I finally met you, I went there one time.
You brought me an even owner scooter.
No, no, feel resoodle.
Oh, the scooter.
Right, right, right.
So, you know, you've been doing a good job.
I mean, you know, you keep me busy, uh, keep me out of trouble.
I listen to you.
I laugh, uh, make my day go by.
There you go.
Don't say, day go.
Hi there, hey, day go.
All right.
Well, I love you.
Okay, see ya.
All right.
Okay.
Good lunch.
Hmm.
Like I said, great lunch.
5, 6, 7, oh, by the way, here's the guy from the Coast Guard.
So, tell him an experience up there and those folks will be making any final deal.
Yeah, yeah, get out of here.
You know how long they're going to drag this thing on months and probably a couple of years.
And they'll keep lying to us just like they did about the TWA jet.
They lie and they lie and they screw around and they patch gear around.
They lie to you.
Anybody out there who thinks that your government doesn't lie to you.
I got some real cheap land out in the Everglades, man, at $4 million an acre.
5, 6, 7, oh, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a little Havana.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
New.
Yes, I am.
Okay, new.
It's a little Havana.
I'm a head trustee.
So, who will you?
Who's a home of sapien?
Well, you're a boss, man.
You're talking, you're telling it like it is as usual.
Listen, let me ask you something.
All these crackers are calling up from Atlanta and Melbourne.
They were heard of anything called civil rights, called civil disobedience,
including New York God.
And you wonder why I come in here every day, huh?
After a call like that,
that makes you just sit up and take notice.
No.
Come on.
Got to admit it.
That makes you just sit straight up in a chair and look out the window and say,
what's it all about, Alfred?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Maybe I need some erythromycin, erythromycin from my, um,
Listeria.
So, I can go see my new doctor, doctor Bob,
I can go see my old doctor, doctor Mark.
But you know something that I don't feel like calling the doctor.
Because this slowly, but surely I got less flim.
In fact, take a look at this, George.
I'm, uh, see, it looks like blood, but it's not.
Nice.
It looks like blood, blood.
It's not.
Huh?
Blood, he's not.
Yeah.
Well, it's from down in my throat from the ass end of this Listeria.
I'm not so easily grossed out.
Good.
Joe Castell would be running out of it.
Ah, he's a pussy.
And Adam.
All those auto racing guys are bunch of, oh, see that guy in the, in the cart.
You see that guy got killed again 24 years old and I'd car go in 200 miles an hour and I'd
go cart.
But I'd go cart.
What do they call cart racing?
What is cart racing?
They're go carts.
Are they?
The motorized one, I guess, he isn't going to go anymore.
How come we don't have a big thing about him on the news?
He was only 24 years old?
He wasn't famous.
Oh.
Damn it.
It's 1156 at 560 WQAM.
Kim Polk effort taught sports.
Oh, right.
He ends right here.
I'm sports radio 560 QAM.
That would be a QAM.
I guess it's sports water.
This fall on CBS, meet a small town three to speak the word of God and adds a few
choice words of his own.
It's Father Terrett's mysteries.
I really believe it.
We're gollers here today to join together.
Father Terrett's mysteries.
A new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Hopeless and NYPD Blue Ball.
I only have a little boy that's longer than Boston here.
Sunday this fall.
Spending hour with Father Terrett.
Right after an all-new season of touchdown there by an angel only on CBS.
Come on to it.
560 WQAM boy.
These are them.
That you had the first 20 or 30 of these sandwiches.
No bread though.
We're not eating the bread are we?
No.
No, I'm not.
Are you?
Yeah, I ate the bread.
Pig.
Look at those soft.
Yeah.
In the bread too.
560, 705, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Talking about why you hate each other.
I mean this is not a very complicated thing and I brought it up before about 4 or 5 million
times but it's very important because nobody else talks about this.
Why is it so complicated?
It doesn't make any difference.
If your grandparents were from Scotland and your other grandparents were from Poland and your
your mamas from it doesn't mean a goddamn thing.
First of all, it's all the law of the luck of the dry anyway.
I was going to say the law of the jungle.
The luck of the draw.
What fell if you got to do with it where your parents and grandparents came from?
Who cares?
People are people, okay?
That's it.
Except the course for the French Canadians.
They can't help themselves because they're a little bit confused.
Parley, who go away?
Please, just go away.
Just go back up there.
Okay? And by the way, stay out of Ontario.
Please.
Maybe Ottawa but no further west.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
On the Listeria line.
Have we had any women call this show today?
No.
That's a shock to hell out of me.
That's a shock to live and crap out of me.
Here's North Miami.
Hello?
New York.
Yes, sir.
I agree with you that there are a lot of United States citizens who are exited very poor
behavior.
And I attribute...
When you're in the United States, isn't that talking about the whole world?
Yeah, in the whole world.
This episode was in Toronto when the ones I'm talking about in Amsterdam are not in the United States.
Okay, well otherwise they're a civilized country.
I'm a United States citizen and I want to address myself a United States citizen.
Yeah, man.
No, it seems to me the problem is really a lack of education.
And it's not because there isn't the opportunity for education because there's a whole lot of that here.
And we're paying for it.
When I look at my tax bill at your scheme in this month, a pretty hefty amount went towards
in for the education of my fellow citizens.
It's really been spent very wisely, isn't it?
Well, I would like to see...
So, it's portable schools and dumpsters that the kids are going to school and it's working out real good.
Neil, I would like to see...
It'd be good.
And I'm meant to the Constitution.
Yes.
To demand that our kids leave school educated and in doing so we can put an end.
For this hostility among the races.
Uh-huh.
No, I want to bring your attention over a famous Jamaican.
A famous Jamaican?
Yes, sir.
Famous white Jamaican.
A famous white Jamaican?
Correct.
Besides Gondra-Ed?
Besides the Coptics.
Who came to the United States in 1700 and 12?
Yes.
His purpose is not to come into the United States.
It was to educate the fellow slave owners here in the United States.
By the way, his name was Willie Lynch.
Oh, don't say Lynch.
Yeah, we had a good idea.
We had a good chance to name him.
Really?
Anyway, his mission was to educate the Virgin, the farmers, whole not to hang their slaves.
Yeah.
Because the Virgin of farmers were hanging their slaves for running away.
And he thought that this was only-
Well, they knew they were hung already, sir.
I said that's a pretty bad.
Yeah, it was pretty bad.
Yeah.
In any event, this man Willie Lynch, his philosophy was based upon strict division.
Yeah.
He told the slave owners that what they should do is to differentiate any characteristic amongst his slaves.
And play upon it if the whole slave should be played upon-
Well, it sounds like the Bible all over again.
He must have been reading a good book to my-
Well, I mean, from those days you had slavery.
So it was perfected from that time.
Yeah.
Anyway, this philosophy stated that you must seek out any differences and exploit them.
And you must teach the philosophy to all your friends and relatives.
Right?
And you felt that if this philosophy was taught to all your friends and relatives-
I know.
By the way, the key point-
Yes, please.
But once more blacks to hear each other, but the love is slave master.
And if he taught that slavery would last another 300 years.
Uh-huh.
Well, that was 1712.
Well, we have 12 more years.
12 years will be okay.
Okay, thanks, my junior may cool in front of you.
Whatever you just said.
Oh, he's killing me.
Kill him.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Nathan, what's up?
How are you?
Great.
I'm an FIU student.
I'm a major in political science.
And I'm doing-
I-
My teacher asked me to do a professor.
I was going to do a term paper on-
I guess the presidential election of 2000.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Take some photos before you start writing it.
So the point is that she's given us like 10 different surveys.
And I have to like give them out to people to like fill out to see what their opinions are.
And I don't know.
I thought it would be pretty cool if you could fill it out.
I don't know if maybe I could give you one or-
I don't know how I would get it to you, but-
Or something.
You can send it.
Could I drop it off or somewhere?
Or like-
Or you can fax it.
How's that?
Alrighty.
What's the fax number?
305.
Okay.
650.
0198.
0198.
You got it.
All right.
It'll take about 10.
I get some minutes to fill it out.
Whatever.
And how would I get it for you?
You mean the fax?
Yeah.
Like after I send it to you and you fill it out.
Well fax you back and answer.
Just put me a number to fax it to you.
Or I'll mail it back.
Okay.
Or Georgia mail it back.
I want to be on it.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay.
Good luck, pal.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, we got to-
They're in.
They're out today.
I realized it's Monday.
Actually for Monday we've been doing okay.
Not too bad.
Not too great.
Especially for a subject like this that could change the course of human events.
Don't you think we're going to change the course of human events?
No.
So today, come on.
Like Mike Sigold has up there at King and Seattle saving the world, reforming the legal profession,
the medical profession, the God damn human race, ending in justice as we know it.
Killin' four good hours.
Ow!
Now we're talkin'.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I'm not giving that other number out till we get to, you know, get it fixed.
No, I'm serious.
I don't want to hear about real radio.
I don't want to hear about novel acid or, you know, oh, how do I do that?
How do we ever survive those eschewend days?
God.
Hi, this is G Gordon Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger.
Coming soon to appear near you.
Every male celebrity who's ever shown their boss, featuring hundreds of a-list dancers with
one thing in common.
A great set of tight bun.
Jeffrey Liancine.
I've never seen so many butts before in my life.
Roger Eber called it a non-stop buttbass.
Tom Cruise.
First world.
So Vestors to Long, Kurt Russell, Antonio Bender, Dennis Friends, Michael Douglas, Brad Pitt,
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Kevin Bacon, Kim Orey, and nearly three.
150 other buttchies.
If you only see one posterior this year, make it every male celebrity who's ever shown
their boss.
Wayne Soon in selected cities.
Check local listing for the Rump newest you.
1214 at 560 WQM.
Or here's a fact that's his grain not the only blemish on the game, some stupid crap from
the internet that's intended for Hank and not for me.
Speaking of the sports experts on its radio station, by the way.
See, when you get out of town and you start reading real newspapers from other cities that have
like real sports sections and you find out that everybody in America except the sports
mavens in this radio station seemed to know that NBC, just like the call we had the day
after it happened, remember the guys who used to work for NBC?
And they had the production meeting ahead of time and that Jim Gray did not do this on his own,
that the NBC moguls, the mavens there, are the ones that put them up to the grilling and the crap that he did with
Pete Rose.
So if anybody, anybody on this radio station tells you that Jim Gray did this unilaterally
and that that barbaric, rich, hence, performances was his own idea, you can tell them they're full of crap.
Okay.
It's amazing to me.
You get out of town here and you start reading and listening, people know what's going on.
And they give you a whole different perspective and you say, I knew that all along.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T world.
And by the way, Richie from the Bronx, whoever the hell you're from, they want to send your stupid facts
and about big head Joe Rose. Don't waste our facts paper, okay? Richie, the Jets fan, whatever the hell you are,
and how they doing, by the way.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil. How you doing?
Great.
Good. Hey, about three people were treated, you know, as far as African Americans go.
Everybody that came to this country has had a hard time, like including the Indians had a hard time.
They paid the dues.
And they had a hard time.
100% all fight guns with those and arrows, you know?
Yeah, but you know, they were chased off their land and, you know, properties, stuff like that.
But everybody that's come here from another country has had a very hard time, you know?
Yeah.
As the Indians have done the Polish people, the Italians, the Irish people.
The Polish people?
Yeah, the Polish people.
You know, but everybody had to pay their dues.
So, but you got to get over it and move on.
Yeah.
You know?
And that's why I think sometimes they feel pretty that I don't want to call it an attitude,
but I don't know what it is.
Like a chip on the shoulder, you know?
Mm-hmm.
So, and I'm not prejudiced at all, but.
Obviously.
Of course, it's kind of harder to identify a Polish person that is a black person.
Well, I'm just saying it's bars, nationality and race, you know, goes.
Yeah.
Unless it's in the car, because generally the Polish people tend to sit on the right hand side of the car,
whether it's driving, or when the screen wheel's on the left.
Maybe they think they're back in England or something.
But I think that they have to let that go, you know?
They can wear that Malcolm X and stuff, but if we wear a white power, we're considered prejudiced, you know?
Yeah.
Not true.
So, that's what I don't get about the whole thing.
I'm glad you're not prejudiced.
Okay.
Have a great thing.
Do we believe that she's not prejudiced?
No.
But that's okay.
We all a little bit.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pomp, pomp.
See, why is it that you always have to preface?
Why can't you just say, I'm not too crazy about filling a blank.
I'm about f***ing.
Or I don't like f***ing either, okay?
There is no hope, none, zero, for this world, so long as people continue dealing with people as members of a group.
And God, if there's any town in America that suffers from that, you're in it.
This is it.
You know what I mean?
I think you do.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a big topic for you that I think you want to spend a show on.
You ever heard about the...
I've got to be a show on?
Yeah.
You ever heard about the Illuminati?
Oh, yeah.
The New World Order?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, so you know all those guys, the Masons.
Yeah, I want to spend at least 30 seconds on that.
You know George Bush was the Masons, right?
The builder burgers and the Illuminati and the Masons and the Try Ladder will commission you.
Okay.
Call up Shirley Spellerberg, pal.
No, I just crawled out from under a rock, sir.
I'm very stupid.
And I need to be illuminated about the Illuminati by some goofball like you.
I want to spend a whole show on that.
No.
I don't want to spell five seconds on that crap, okay?
Paranoid delusional lunatics like him.
Oh, my God.
What did he say?
Eeeh!
Yeah, that's what I thought.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You see what I mean?
You bring up something crucial.
And we're talking about your own personal real experiences that color, if you will.
I pardon that expression.
Color the way you look at other people and your attitudes about groups of people in life in general,
which we have to strive to overcome.
Whatever the hell I just said.
And what do I get?
Well, the Illuminati and the builder burgers and the Try Ladder will commission and the Masons and the...
Okay.
Great.
How's Perry Mason doing, by the way?
Seeing him lately?
No.
Yeah, I hear he was in a wheelchair and then he died.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Anyhow, I just wanted to say I was going to call you on Friday and ask you why you love Canadians
and hate all these other people.
Why, I what?
Our Canadian lover, you know, and hate all these other people.
But...
That English-speaking Canadians.
Right.
But when Greg Moore died yesterday, he was my favorite race car driver and he was a Canadian.
And he and I really...
Oh, my God.
Excuse me?
I said...
Oh, my God.
I didn't know that.
You know, and you know, just made me realize that people are people and you know, it doesn't matter.
No, not how come he died and they didn't make a big thing about how I'm paying the worth to when he died.
I was going to say that too.
It doesn't make any sense, you know.
I mean, there were both athletes.
Exactly.
Huh?
Exactly.
And it's just a, you know, a bad world out there that a golfer can die in, you know.
And it's on the front page of the newspaper.
Right.
And then a race car driver dies and you know, but he hears about it, you know.
Unbelievable.
I just want to say George's immediate car cars are open wheel race cars that go about 250 miles an hour.
They're not little playboys and he needs to know what he's talking about before.
Okay, Pound.
Thanks.
Good luck to you.
I'll pray for your soul.
56670560, pound 560.
So anyway, this black kid elbows in front of me and says, I'm sorry.
In the convenience store.
And the young Chinese lady in there who is working behind the counter says, oh, don't say anything.
We have this all the time.
We have such problem.
We have such problem with them.
Who, what do you think she meant when she said them?
Huh?
What do you think she meant when she said them young men?
Young punks?
Yeah.
Young obnoxious Canadian white punks, huh?
How's it going, mister?
Haven't I seen you?
Those young Canadian men, real famous for being in polite, aren't they?
No.
No.
Two goddamn polite.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My report.
Your friend over there, Rush is talking about the millennium and-
Okay, great.
We don't care.
Don't care about Rush.
We don't care about real radio.
We don't care about the Illuminati, sir.
We don't give a raw, frying crap, okay?
Yeah.
A red says, a flying, yeah.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, I'm driving on from the airport last night,
and listening to this station and got all in those wide.
What else am I going to listen to?
And we got the CBS Sunday Night Football on her.
Who the, how are those guys?
The Tampa Bay Detroit game?
And they got this guy doing rock and roll football.
Hey, he's up to 25.
I've never heard anything like it in my life.
And the one guy is trying to make some kind of a blue comment, whatever you know.
And the other guy says, oh, well, as they say in Tampa, Buck and A.
On CBS Radio Sports in the middle of a football, Buck and A.
Yeah.
And of course, we carried it.
Oh, by the way, Orlando, the big OOOH!
We'll be doing six to eight forty-five.
Are you impressed?
No.
No, he's okay.
He's not as big in the industry as Bug.
Here's the game, Bullsello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
You know, before you were talking about being in the Netherlands, I was in the Air Force.
I was in the Netherlands for two years.
Those are the nicest people.
I've never seen any racism over there.
Yeah.
I just wanted to comment.
I mean, I think they're very nice people over there.
I mean, they might be drugged out of their heads.
No, they're not drugged out of their heads.
Did you see a lot of people staggering around in the street?
Actually, no, I didn't.
They're all very nice people.
Even the old people.
Right.
The black people, everybody.
They're all nice people.
They have a lot of Indonesians.
They're marrying English people over there.
They're from all over the world.
All over the world.
It's like a free, loving country.
That's correct.
I mean, I really like that.
I wish I could go live there again when it's expensive to fly there.
Yeah.
I mean, I really like living there.
That was my favorite spot I've ever been in the world.
Have you liked that?
I miss it.
I just want to tell you that.
Me too.
I miss it too.
Can I just tell you, can I tell you?
You know how you always play the songs in the,
maybe before you bring it back from commercial?
Yeah.
I have a song you'd really like.
It's about A-holes.
Yeah.
It's called My Balls It's by Third Days.
I thought you'd really love it.
Is there a way I could send that to you?
Yes, send us a cassette.
How can I do that?
George will give you the address.
Okay.
Hold on.
And drop one testicle in the envelope.
56670560 or we'll just send you some of that blue stuff.
Are they used to kill crabs?
We'll send you some of that blue liquid.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's for Myers.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Any other, any other, I've got a bunch of chops a little bit about this black
emphasizing.
I used to be from Washington, DC and I moved to the southwest
Florida now.
And there was a point where I felt like I was getting half of my blacks
on the DC and so forth.
Well, I come to move to Fort Myers and they just were just replaced by white trash.
The same obnoxious and pulse of behavior was being, I think it's always going to be there,
whether there's black folks or white folks or whatever.
But I don't know.
I just don't see the value of particularly ragging on black folks.
I mean, it just trashes trash.
Well, what do you mean particularly ragging on black folks?
I don't understand what that means.
I'm just telling you my personal experiences.
I understand, but I mean, I've had the same experience with white trash with them, you know,
button in line and being a button in traffic or...
Well, in traffic, I mean, you're over there on the west coast and traffic down here,
at least, they're all consistent.
They're all assholes.
But I don't see a trailer trash button in front of me in line.
Well, I mean, you're living in Fort Myers.
Oh, that's where I forgot.
Yeah, well, beautiful.
Well, how many black people do you have over in Fort Myers like?
Well, it's weird.
They're in a place called Bootown.
And what Bootown?
They call it Bootown.
Oh, I get it.
And on the other side, literally on the other side of the railroad tracks, Fort Myers.
Fort Myers?
Bootown?
Yeah.
I can't tell you how that's what they...
Everyone calls it.
I'm a surge, a slur if some kind, but...
No.
Yeah.
But I can't afford Myers.
Yeah, but it's very segregated here.
By the way, I'm half Canadian and I was going to ask you a question about something.
Yes.
How come, like, when you go from, from, like, a main to, like, New Brunswick or you cross over into,
or New York into Ontario or whatever, all of a sudden people stop looking mutated almost immediately.
Like, if you have mutants, you know, missing teeth and stuff, you know, scraggly hair.
Right.
And you cross over into Canada and all of a sudden people look healthy again.
That's right.
Why don't I sit in and teach a pizza?
Am I stupid yesterday?
Have it a great size of pizza?
Watching all the beautiful people on Young Street and I was thinking to myself,
All right.
Yeah.
I don't understand.
I don't know what that is.
Yeah, because it's just a Canadian.
It's just like the same thing when you cross that border from Niagara Falls, New York,
and Niagara Falls, Ontario, you stop here and all of a sudden shots, too.
All right.
We'll thank you, Neil.
See you around, eh?
Okay.
Okay.
Some to think about.
Some that have pondered.
See, one thing I figured out about most of the people here, they don't go anywhere.
They don't go anywhere.
Kind of like George.
Very parochial.
Because he's a slipper.
He can't afford to go anywhere real.
So he goes to North Carolina.
That's his idea of being a world traveler.
Go to get next week, too.
Oh, great.
Have a good time now.
Welcome back.
Thank you, everybody.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
God.
If I could just get the last gallon of this one out of my system, I'd feel great.
Hey, Captain, what knows the scores?
Oh, 30 and 10 of a last 10 ends.
Week nights, only on sports radio 5-50, Q-A-M.
I just want Peter Allis to know that all of us American gov is on the water company.
We are Chinese, too.
There you go.
It's 12-30 of 5-60 WQM.
Another great mystery.
It continues.
This is about you know something?
That bitch down there on the second floor.
I worked with, you know, all kinds of people over the years.
She is the most disgusting subhuman piece of turd I have ever encountered in my life.
Bar none.
Bar none.
Screw and win at Car Sales Manager.
She ought to be managing the fantasy league because she lives in a fantasy world and makes it up as she goes along.
Well, we just found out.
We just had a Georgia set a call from our friend Carol over at center one.
About this money from that golf tournament.
You know the one where somebody said in the paper I want to mention our general manager, Greg Read.
That's some of the money went for OJ related expenses.
Uh-huh.
And so Carol evidently for about the 400th time is calling over here trying to find out when center one is going to get whatever the proceeds are the five or six dollars or whatever might be left over.
From that golf tournament, which we were told it was represented to us was the benefit center one.
Tracy Caracito came in set right over there and at his ass and that's right at the table.
We didn't want anything to do with it and it insisted all it'll be great.
This and that also was a we were assured OJ Simpson would not be involved in this even after the offer was made.
We said absolutely no.
And then all the scandal all the places all over America were the pictures the famous pictures from the Astor restaurant and all the other fallouts, all the hostility, all the aggravation.
Now you pick it up and describe for us this the phone call that ended by the way with a slamming down with a hang up.
So Carol calls just now Carol from center one Carol from center one with her voice, uh, wavering and quavering obviously very upset because you deserve by the way to take any crap from scru and when or anybody else to this make believe radio station.
Because she's having a conversation with Luanne about the money and everything like that.
And the story now is that center one won't be receiving much money or not very much at all.
I forget what the exact quote what does that mean?
It means you're going to get the you know two bits squat three bits four bits.
Big the big fat.
Yeah.
Because supposedly the lion share the money or all of it or some of it or most of it or whatever went to the American Cancer Society because of our co-worker salesperson who died of cancer.
Previous to the event co-worker salesperson from power 96.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wasn't it good person.
Yeah.
I don't think I knew him.
No, very nice guy.
Right.
And apparently that's where the lion share the money is going in deference to this person even though no one ever told center one or us.
Or any of the promos or any of the people playing in a golf tournament or anybody else and the juicy part is yes.
That if Carol makes a big stink about this, Luanne is going to show you the pictures of Carol posing with football players including OJ at the golf tournament and turn you against Carol and Berger at the stake.
Game playing bitch.
Game playing bitch, Luanne.
You've been hanging on here all these years playing games, putting this one against that one, sending that Jack at that day to do that the shouting match on here here, set that all up.
You see if you wonder by the way why we don't have any any place to do the next set of one appearance this month, which is supposedly 12 days from now.
See, I used to do it to a month.
There we are all years IOD over here.
And then we decided because it's on the internet now because it's in all the last year was in all the mortar stores now it's in all the spec stores.
It's not necessary to do all these appearances.
So we would do the pizza lock one and one per month, which I donate my time and we do a good job at it.
And that would be it.
Do we have any location for this one?
No, no.
I'm going to tell you right now just like I told you before.
See, there's one down that's in the office right across the hall.
There's one down and still two or three to go.
The Chiggers in a wood pile in this place.
And she's the biggest Chigger of them all right down here on the second floor.
That's screw and winnig. Don't even think about coming up here again and looking me in the face with your bull crap.
Okay, sweetheart.
It's retening Carol from center one.
She's going to show our pictures.
The chances of you turning me against Carol or anybody else on a scale zero or minus infinity.
You disgusting professional trouble making bitch.
How do you like that?
That fucking bitch.
And how come all of a sudden at this late date they come up with a story the money went to the American Cancer Society?
How many weeks is this that was I'm said, what was it?
That was like a month, a month and a half ago.
September 26 weeks ago.
Did anybody say anything about any money going to the American Cancer Society or any other charity?
No.
No.
This is the first anybody has heard of this story underlining the story part.
When the people were invited to participate in that tournament were they told about this?
No.
When we were promoting it all of us on here here on QAIM when we were promoting what this tournament was supposed to be about.
Were we told that?
No.
No.
Was it ever mentioned once by anyone?
No.
No.
No.
It's not going to work honey.
Just like all the little trips into the studio here to tell me about all the avails this show is sold out.
And then of course it veils keep showing up like today every day in the log and then you blame Phyllis and it's this one's thought and that one's bought.
Here is America's number one.
Forget about the wink martin deal.
Forget about the Clark.
Forget about Bob Barker.
Here's America's number one game player.
Screw and winnig.
Our sales manager.
Who thinks that by threats and intimidation she's going to maneuver and manipulate people around the days of your manipulating anybody except maybe your friend.
Roll.
Those days are over honey.
You don't manipulate anybody on this show.
What an unbelievable unacceptable bitch.
And this and the reason I'm going nuts on here about this is just to give the listeners again.
Another case of what we've been up against trying to do the same thing we've been doing for years.
On I and Z on Zeta on IOD under Cox and Paxton no problem at all.
Raise I would assume millions of dollars by now for cheerleading.
And all of a sudden this year we got all these problems because we got professional troublemakers like her sticking their finger in the middle of this project interfering.
Interferring.
Now that's not the same screw and winnig that back when we had the hurricane.
Floyd.
Remember I remember with hurricane Floyd.
And I wondered how come we weren't getting any information from the sales department about openings and closings of places like Poppano Park and other places like that.
This wasn't the sales manager who told the sales people don't call up any of the clients will get some cancellations so that we couldn't pass the information along on here.
Is it that I heard from about 15 different people in the sales department.
See maybe you're fooling the big cheese in there the hat Hancho maybe you're fooling a man that keeps scratching at hole and is that you're not fooling us here on this show honey.
Not for a minute.
Trouble making psychotic bitch number one.
Lou Ann Winnick the real sugar in the wood pile.
Or disgrace to the human effing race.
Don't ever want to see your face in this room again ever ever ever would be too soon never would be too soon.
Because if you told me it was raining I run to the window and look out to I'd stick my thing out the window just to make sure.
And by the way honey speak in a pictures.
This is 560 Q.A.F.
You're not a happy place.
No.
Where everybody hates the sight of your face.
You're not a happy place.
It's a sink and big disgrace.
You're not a happy place.
God's worshipers who love O.J.
Backstabbing reprobates.
The equipment always breaks.
Here's the hot and twirming place.
U.A.S. is on a happy plate.
A real depressing place.
U.A.S. is on a happy plate.
Oh man.
17-1 is 560 W.A.F.
We got Hank from Shua coming up at 2.
Oh this is just I'm going to seriously you and IOT we used to talk about my writing a book with a little bit of believe it.
Here they'd have me committed.
I'd be in one of those real, real small cells like Renfio.
Like going like that.
In fact I'm already ready to do that.
We're in a row of the cell.
How anybody I got a handed to you screw in.
How anybody could take something as simple and you wonder why the two years ago when we were in limbo I was getting paid off not to work and they didn't want to do the center one thing.
They're incompetent.
They're not capable of doing anything right.
But how anybody could take something as relatively simple that we've done so many times before.
And screw it up like you have screw in and stick your nose in there and I have to hand it to you.
I don't think we've ever worked with anybody who could match this.
Have we?
No.
No.
The games and the lies and the manipulating and the phone calls back and forth before the tournament by the way you knew Greg read knew everybody knew that OJ was coming.
Not that anybody lied of course you don't understand that nobody lied.
I can't you I am.
And so now is they scrambled desperately to cover their ass with the story.
Now it's American Kansas society to go to check well you know something let's find out how much.
Let's find out let's contact the American Kansas society and find out how much they got from that golf tournament.
And why is it here six weeks after that golf tournament if they were able to give a lot of money to them.
Why is it that we still don't know and how was how was it determined by the way how much went to them and how much went to set a one which was supposedly going to be the beneficiary of that golf tournament.
How was that determined they pick it out of a hat that they draw lots.
I mean not very much that's a great line seems to me I just heard those same exact words from Greg read on Friday when I asked him about the proceeds.
Not very much.
Same words same Burby it's not very much well what is not very much is it like six dollars is it a hundred forty two dollars is it the big what is it what's not very much.
Let me say it again there needs to be an investigation into that whole episode.
There needs to be some kind of situation where people are made accountable for perpetrating what I consider at this point to be a big fat fraud.
On us on center one and on those people who paid the participate.
Not to mention the people of log on March.
Here's a mobile and four lotterdale hello hello Neil yes sir.
Hey Neil a couple things I'm really sorry they filed up that tournament what was the perceived benefit of having OJ there from those people that invited them you ask them.
Okay because it sounds like it just would have been a big negative I mean why would they even consider it because they're assholes because they're game players because there are lots of little children their game players they were going to show me.
Did OJ bring money to it of course not. Nobody even knew how could he bring money to it but nobody even knew he was going to be there.
You got to find out who the heck it was and get him fired somehow but anyhow I called because of the other there was other things two things that came up one thing on the black white issue I have a joke but I don't know if it's appropriate.
No five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here sunrise hello.
Neil yes sir. All right Jamaican front again. What do you mean again you called earlier. Yes.
But I know you know once the king always the king you know that's it.
So now we got two lines up in a bar because we got the one guy want to do jokes and then we got to Jamaican guy who wants to have his own show okay go on KAT okay they have a lot of Caribbean shows on their pal get your own show.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in my life in my life.
I have never been associated I come to work this morning I get off the elevator up here on the third floor.
The door opens and I look I don't know why I should be surprised.
This piecemeal construction project has been going on for years and years and months and months is any progress being made.
No anything happened. No no the ceilings all the wires and all the installations still hanging down from the ceilings the walls are still unpainted.
You're not fooling anybody okay Greg you're not fooling anybody you're a wannabe you're make believe your air's that.
And yes I'll take the money and I'll even take the two hundred dollars for that phony balloon you're employee the month crap okay.
But you had a close little fraternity here all those years why in the world that you want to bring somebody into it who wasn't going to operate that way huh.
Like it for the life of me I can't imagine.
Even when I had memo on Friday he says the rest of QM is a ratings disaster the rest of the day.
We try to think is a little bit of an exaggeration but nevertheless those are his words.
But I guess he I guess they thought they could get me to play in her sandbox did it work no is it going to work no no.
You see scuang you can maybe you think that having pictures of other people is very effective the black male people and the silence people and the play games with people maybe for other people it works with us.
So don't play okay we're not impressed.
You're not fooling anybody and I'm going to make sure before I finish you won't fool anybody in this market if I have to talk about this every day for the next two years 11 months.
Because it's a disgrace.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
I know I could tell.
Two years and 11 months but who's counting to the day.
How many minutes?
Two hours and four minutes less.
I just want to bring some to your attention.
I don't know if you saw the scum sent me yesterday.
They reported a trade between the Colorado avalanche and the New York calendars.
Well let me tell you the real trade the real trade was between the ducks and the calendars.
Ted Ruire for Tony Herkus.
They reported it as Chris Ruire from the Colorado avalanche who happens to be his brother as the trade for Tony Herkus of the calendars formally of the Dallas stars.
That's official reporting for you.
Great. That's it.
And by the way you know the big brawl that they had in the panther auto game the other night.
You call that a brawl?
Well I didn't see it.
But I mean the elbowing incident with Danina.
There was more about it than the Toronto papers needless to say because when I came back last night I caught up with the local papers.
There was much more about it up there than it was here.
Well here's the thing.
Well the surprise.
Danine went into a quadlimute type turtle dance with that where he kept hiding the rest of the game and wouldn't go with anybody.
I mean everybody.
He's right about Terry Murray though.
Terry's got a history of doing crap like this.
Instead of worrying about it.
I mean the game was scoreless after one period.
Instead of sticking getting out of the business and maybe winning a game they focused on being a bunch of assholes.
Pointless.
He did his deep spurrier and was sitting behind the bench to shake in his head and almost crying.
Yeah.
But that's where bluff was.
It was pretty pitiful.
Okay thanks for the good news.
One more one left thing.
Yes sir.
Make a shameless request.
The English lesson for Greek.
Okay. Thank you sir.
You got it.
Bye bye.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
On the AT&T wireless line is the plot.
He's stinking here at QAM about that golf tournament.
And the best part of the deal.
The best part of the whole thing was did we want it?
Did we need it?
No.
Did we mind anything to do with it?
No.
No.
We don't mind anything to do with it.
It was somebody else's brainchild somewhere in this building.
And as far as I'm concerned you can take your golf tournaments and.
That's right.
That's what you can do with it.
Okay.
I was sitting there in the airport yesterday in the first class lounge in the
air candidate club.
Whatever the hell they call that thing.
And instead of having an NFL football on her yesterday afternoon what did they
got?
That guy named golf tournament.
And I'm sitting there watching these men who are sitting watching the screen.
And I'm thinking to myself again about people who watch golf.
Not people who play golf.
They go out and get some fresh air and little exercise.
People who watch golf.
And I'm thinking to myself.
Yeah.
How sad.
Here's a mobile and lake worth.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm just trying to figure out why the state attorney's office can spend all the time and effort
in prosecuting adults for having sex that they're not looking into this kind of crap.
There ought to be an investigation.
Okay, that right now.
This is a scandal.
I mean, that's fraud.
Like you said.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know.
It's disgusting.
And now you wonder why they thought for sure that I was going to sue them or something.
They took some line that I said in a moment of anger and they assumed that they were going to get sued.
Maybe somebody ought to be suing them.
I agree.
I agree.
And have a great day.
You too.
I mean, see, center one.
They're in a catch-22.
They have not in a position to sue anybody because here's a station that's going to raise them a ton of money,
which is a big part of their budget for the whole year.
So they're kind of like stuck in the middle.
In spite of the fact that they've got somebody over there who's been threatened and practically blackmailed in the silence,
which is nice going, Carol.
She's not going to be silent.
Somebody wants to know.
And Crying Minds 1-0 is how much is not very much.
Is it $4?
Is it $172.80?
Is it $5.5 million?
What is not very much?
And like I said, six weeks later, if they could come up with an accounting of how much money went to the American Cancer Society,
mythically, out of nowhere, how come we can't come up with an accounting, especially if it's such a small amount?
You know what I'm saying?
Don't be frustrated.
Probably less.
How come we can't figure that out?
School Am.
Or haven't you guys got a cover story for that yet?
See, this is what goes on here.
This is QAM Policy.
Cover Story.
You cover for me on this.
I'll cover for you.
Let's sit around and make up all these stories.
That's the way it works here.
And of course, she's like the pivot man.
School Am.
She's the pivot man.
And of course, our boss.
He's the willing, co-conspirator.
Because there's a lot of pictures.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
A couple things.
Number one, I hate to regress with the black and white.
But you know, you're not going to leave you a prejudice.
You're not in our genes.
Everybody's prejudice about one thing or another.
But what I really hate is when somebody uses their own race to cover up for their inadequacies.
And they do that a lot.
They say, well, I'm not here because I'm Cuban.
They wanted dance because I'm not black.
They never think that maybe they're just not smart enough.
And I put pointed out two races.
I hate to do that.
But people who use their race or their religion as a cover for their for their own lack of knowledge
And saying that it's pregnancy that hurts their race more than anything in the world.
Yeah, the other thing on the golf tournament, I've been involved probably in about 20 golf tournaments on the management end of it.
Yeah.
And the smallest one that I've ever been involved in netted about $4,800.
Right.
And a mediocre one about 60 grand.
If that gives you a barometer.
Well, I mean, I don't have any barometer because I have no idea how many people participated.
I know that they sold out, they had like one or two forciens to go in the last day.
And I think they, you know, got people to sign up for that.
So I think that the thing was pretty well sold out.
A good tournament with that.
But nobody can give us an accounting.
I mean, how can you hold a thing like this that's ostensibly for charity and nobody is accountable and nobody has any dollars or anything?
A mediocre tournament with 24 sums and a whole sponsor for each hole in a couple little dangerous sponsors.
You're talking probably $40,000 should be a net at the end of the year.
Yeah, tournament.
Well, even cut it in half, even 20 grand. Where did it go?
Sure, exactly.
And then, you know, then the charity ends up with a bad name too because they tack their name on it.
Right.
People have money and a double go to one.
You're right.
And then they turn around and they're right.
I'm going to make sure that somebody around here contacts the American Cancer Society.
And then maybe we can come up with that dollar figure and find out just how much the other station donated to the American Cancer Society.
Yeah, you can also go to United Way, you know, because they got to give it accounting to them.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you, blood.
It just keeps getting thicker and thicker and more objectionable and more unacceptable.
But see, screw in, you're fine.
You keep coming up against these people now who just won't play your game anymore.
You can't intimidate them. You can't blackmail them.
So you hang the phone up on them in a very professional way.
Slams the phone down on our good close friend Carol from center one.
Only, only at QAM.
1256 at QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
QAM.
Now, would you QAM?
I am 4.5 days.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
And now, language lab.
There's show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds.
Today's lessons, Greek.
Lesson 1.
Strawberry Pie.
Strawberry Pie.
Lesson 2.
Apple Pie.
Lesson 3.
Pumpkin Pie.
Pumpkin Pie.
Customer.
What kind of pie do you have?
Answer.
Apple Pie, Strawberry and Pumpkin.
Language lab is a public service and they not be copied or authorized for retail.
Hey, let me ask you. What are we going to do about those Dan Greeks?
I'm sorry.
It's a minute after one at 560 WQM.
We can agree on this.
They're good black people, good white people, bad Chinese.
All kinds of people are good and bad.
There's only one evil who ain't though.
You know what I'm saying?
Only one.
The Chigurin the Woodpile.
The evil one, the Antichrist.
Remember when they used to burn the witches at Salem?
Yeah.
Maybe not such a bad idea, you know.
Can you imagine how much we could probably make the money that we got screwed from the Gulf tournament and then some.
I have a public, how about if we had a public witch burning? Where could we do it?
Huh?
Parking lot. Right on the parking lot sounds good.
Let's pick a day.
And by the way, everybody we're talking to and we're building a Greece on one point.
All of the money it was represented to us and to the audience and everybody who participated.
All of the net proceeds from this Gulf tournament were earmarked to go to center one.
Period.
End of discussion.
So any other lies, any other cover-up attempts, any other desperate, desperate stories that you try to make up down here on the second floor.
You know what they're going to go over like pregnant pole vault or in the heat of July.
Like trying to sell halivoth in North Pole.
That's how they're going to go over.
Not too good.
So maybe come up with a better story. How does that sound?
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello.
You got it.
Yes sir.
I think the word fraud is what comes to mind.
The fraud is exactly what comes to mind.
And by the way, this is the same Luann Winnick who brought the entire sales department to eat for free at Pizza Laugh last Tuesday night.
And Jeff Cohen's got to get a couple of trade-outs spots to pay for since he don't want to feed the whole God damn sales department.
This is the same smart ass bitch that brings our whole God damn staff out there last Tuesday.
And may be instead of harassing a fine organization, your problem is that you get the listeners who love you personally involved with these things.
And I'm now proud.
I've always been a proud supporter as long as you have a center one.
Right.
And I just think it's ludicrous.
I think it's absolutely ridiculous.
And they're going to disgrace.
I mean they can't even say, okay, well it's $1,000.
Or make up somebody out of a story and write a check.
They can't even give an amount.
Six weeks later, they're still so busy trying to cover their ass.
And the general manager is saying for publication in the newspaper,
some of it went to O.J. related expenses, whatever the hell that means.
And now she comes up today with a story about well,
it went to American Cancer Society because one of our sales people died from cancer.
And don't say anything about this or I'll show you,
I'll show Neil Pictures of you with O.J. and the football players.
And instead of harassing the football players.
That sounds like blackmail to me, Lohan.
Sure does.
Instead of harassing the nice people at center one,
maybe she could help to make sure the spots that you all are running are current.
You all ran one about an hour,
hour and a half ago for air conditioning.
And the special deal is going on through like, over the third.
Yeah, there you go.
Oh, we love you, buddy.
Thanks a lot.
Or maybe take care of what we're going to be doing our next appearance for Santa one in November,
on November 13 on Saturday.
Since we're only doing one per month,
should be like falling out of bed in the morning.
It should be so easy.
Can she do it?
No.
No.
You're not fooling anybody, honey.
You're not fooling anybody,
even little kids in a sandbox.
Not your sandbox,
in their own sandbox.
Even little kids are laughing at you.
With a kind of phony baloney desperate.
Again, just like you said on Friday,
the dog in the yard trying to cover up the tracks.
Running about 15 feet away from the pile of crap
and trying to kick up a little dirt and cover it up.
That's what you're doing now, guys,
but it's not going to work.
Because I'm calling right now here on the air today
for a full disclosure of all the monies that were raised at that golf tournament at Lago Mar.
Don't you think everybody's got a right to know about that,
including the public at this point,
since this is a public disgrace?
There needs to be a public accountability of all the revenues that came in.
What were the expenses?
Who was paid?
Where did the money go?
And how much is going to go to center one?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you know, it's amazing.
We were rolling along right up until that phone call from Carol came in
and have it a pretty good show here for Monday.
Life was rolling along as usual.
And now, once again, here comes the impediment to our success.
Stick in another goddamn roadblock in front of your face.
What can we do to screw you up?
What can we do not help you out?
What can we do to make life more miserable and more difficult?
You obnoxious bastard you.
Who doesn't want to play games with us?
Oh, yeah.
See, that's why George and I were the bad guys.
We don't want to hop in a sandbox and get a little pale in shovel and play the games.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello?
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
What you need to do is really turn up the heat on people like Srihan and whoever else put this together.
Yeah.
When the golf tournament was being put together, I am sure there was something in writing that went out to the businesses that wrote the checks
for the four sums of whoever played.
And usually they get to put their names up on a banner or something around the golf course as being right a contributor for this charity.
If one of the people, one of the businesses that actually wrote one of those checks, someone who was damaged, someone who would have standing at a lawsuit,
all they have to do is get their lawyers and most of these businesses have lawyers on retainers.
It's not going to cost them anything.
And actually, you know, file something against Kiwam and then that would bring the heat on Srihan.
How do you like this answer that both our general manager and our sales manager continue giving as part of the stonewalling process
and how much did they actually want to not very much?
What kind of an answer is that not very much?
First of all, anything that has to do with a charity like that has to be disclosed.
And usually if it is in writing that all of the proceeds are going to a particular charity, they have to do that.
They cannot misrepresent.
And like I'm saying, that's why one of the people who actually wrote a check has to be the one that has to file a lawsuit or complain or something.
And then that will turn up the heat on.
See, the thing that's disturbing to me is that in the beginning when this OJ thing first came up and it was all the negative feedback,
you know, I had a few of those people calling.
But here we are six weeks later. I don't hear from anybody who participated in it.
I don't hear from any of the people who log on or anymore.
And it's like nobody else seems to care about making this thing right.
Most of the people I guarantee you that road check had no idea that that's comeback OJ since someone was going to be out there.
Well nobody had any idea. Nobody knew about it except the intercooler.
Oh, go ahead. Go ahead and head to know.
Or she did know.
Of course she had to know.
And so did Greg Reed and so did Sam.
Those were the people who knew if maybe anyone had to do one.
And those people, they all had to know and you know, prevent to say that they didn't know.
It's the biggest lie.
It's the biggest lie.
But anyway, like I said, get someone that actually wrote a check that was damaged, that had their name linked to the piece of crap OJ Simpson.
They were damaged and therefore I think they have the cause of action.
I agree with you.
I'd be glad to testify for them too, by the way.
Okay, thank you, Dale.
Thanks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Nine minutes after one at QAN.
Just stay in stance for nothing.
Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo 4 and 5.
How are you?
John Rambo's still alive.
I want to make movies 4 and 5.
My life is going great.
Plenty of Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was in 85 late.
Rambo 3 was in 88.
Shoot it.
Shoot it.
Like I'm just not making this movie with my son.
The damnest age, he was in Rocky 5 and daylight, the tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I gotta get along from the pile of trees.
I gotta have a lot of work at movie or a Broadway show like Jim A.B.
I guess nobody ever saw a cop man.
It was still to the day.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about two caveans.
Oh, I got left in the gentle place.
Ready to jump.
I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script I can do by along or keep it zip.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure and drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break.
We're good and it's safe.
I used to be on Oprah.
Now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man show in Port Kipsy.
Basically I'm a unemployed chick.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I gotta get along from the pile of trees.
I gotta have a lot of work at movie or a Broadway show like Jim A.B.
I guess nobody ever saw a cop man.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flavin.
And that's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
And I'm hot.
Absolutely.
115 and 560 WQ.
I mean the one thing I keep scrolling through my mind over and over again, especially these last two and a half years,
can Greg read really possibly?
Can any human being possibly be that stupid?
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and pop it will be.
Hello.
Oh, thank you so much.
12 minutes and 13 seconds you waited for that.
Thank you so much, my big friend.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Can you settle an argument and do it the same time?
Meaning what?
Well, the argument is my friend here says,
are you upset Phil Henry's coming back to Miami?
Yeah, no, I didn't say that.
560, 560, boy, talk about a little bit behind the time.
He's already back in Miami, sir.
Wake up and by the way, the Pope is going to India.
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
I'll let Clear Channel spend the money to do the promotion.
Okay, I already given up free promotion.
Here's a call from Detroit.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I didn't expect you to get on the radio today.
I was just calling on behalf of the client of mine.
And he just, you want some extra.
He said you're packing last week.
His name is Jeff Herrod.
Did you get it?
Did I get it?
Did you get it?
You mean that silly looking queen on the front of David Magazine?
He might be silly.
He might be silly looking queen, but he's getting a lot of acting jobs.
He's doing okay.
Yeah, well that's good.
I'm happy.
Tell him to have a great life.
Hey, don't okay.
No, no thanks.
Is that incredible or what?
One call left on the board here.
Thanks a lot, screw-in, by the way.
She's got the minus touch and reverse.
Everything she touches during the instant process is crap.
Thank you.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know what a great golf fan you are, but.
I think it's a 20 second issue of golf world magazine.
For what?
In the local knowledge column, it says, guest of dishonor.
Just when golf seemed to have rid itself of O.J. Simpson comes word of a bru-ha in South Florida,
regarding the disgrace former football greats of parents in a charity tournament.
Radio station WQA.
Which sponsored last month's event at Lago Marg Country Club in plantation.
Invited Simpson to play and paid for his expenses to travel from Los Angeles.
This angered one of the stations on air personalities, Neil Rogers,
who had been promising listeners for months that Simpson wouldn't play.
It made me look stupid.
Rogers told the four-waterdale Sun Sentinel.
So you got national coverage.
Didn't make me look stupid.
Made the whole station look stupid.
There he is in the golf world magazine.
The never-ending.
It just doesn't stop.
Okay, thanks a lot.
There's more good news for it.
Golf world.
Even golf, which I had nothing to do with, even they know what a bunch of assholes we got here.
I think I'm going to play music to write to the R because then I can just calm down and sit back
and digest my great lunch from all American subs.
All American.
What did I say?
You said all American.
What is it?
Atlantic City.
I said Atlantic City subs.
Did I just say that?
I'm sorry.
I didn't say all American.
What is that?
I'm so into here right now.
And of course this is only about the 800-time that she's pulled this.
Either by sending him in here or the day that she was giving me the big song and then shortly after I first came here last year.
About is it 14?
Is it 16?
Misrable, obnoxious, disgusting, hateful, trouble-making bitch.
That's what we had.
That's the sales manager at WQAM.
And by the way, the story was back last summer when Hank cut suspended for those ridiculous whatever that was supposed to be about.
It wasn't really about the food he was talking about out to the stadium.
It was because he had intemperate things to say about a couple of the female people are working his place, one of them being her.
And I got news for Hank, whatever you said, it wasn't enough.
It was an understatement.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Man, you weren't crap, but I really did get on fast.
I can't believe that you're not backed up a mile long.
Sure, I got three calls.
You went to other people right now.
That's it.
Okay, well good.
I got something fast.
You wanted to why?
Because the people in this audience, like the people who participated in the golf tournament and the people out there were long old Mark.
This is the support I get from them.
They're like oblivious at this point.
Okay, evidently they don't care.
So what am I getting all excited about?
Although they're not the fact that it was a fraud in the lie and said, well, obviously,
you're going to get a dime out of this thing.
You want me to give you something, because I'm going to throw you right off the edge of the cliff now?
Yeah.
I called in, I'd say about seven to ten working days, called it two weeks ago.
Yeah.
I want to buy a spot on your station.
I spoke with two sales representatives, and I left two messages, and no one has gotten back to me.
Yeah, that's just perfect.
Of course, I have people come to me with the hockey games with that story all the time.
They call here, they leave a message, they're desperate, they want to run spots, so nobody bothers calling them back.
I can't even get a price out of these people.
Yeah.
I honestly have spoken to two different people on the left.
I think you do two or three voicemail messages.
No one has bothered to call me back to give me information, to give me anything whatsoever.
I'm kind of awful about that, to tell you the truth.
Yeah.
I wish I had an answer for it, pal.
I can't speak for them.
They're oblivious.
I can't understand someone that brings in as much income as much revenue as you do.
I probably can't afford a lifestyle because they're probably quite a bit, but I'd like to get a taste spot if I could get one.
We have plenty of live avails on this show, it's part of the story that she runs around town.
We got plenty of avails, and all of a sudden here, just since this golf term, everything she would have available,
this show has been sold out live for a year and a half, okay? All for a year and three quarters.
And now all of a sudden, the last couple of months, since this whole golf term had come along,
all of a sudden we've got all these live avails, and they're sticking all these other spots in here.
And she's telling me all kinds of stories we do have, we don't have, this one made a mistake, et cetera, and so on.
Nobody seems to have it accounting a handle on this anymore.
And we can't come up with another place for us to do an appearance.
One more here in November for Center One.
Wait a second. You have live spots available during your show.
Yes, sir. Both reps I spoke with said that they were non-available.
That's the reason I could not get a lot of them.
Absolutely incorrect, sir.
Oh my God, how far?
You know, a lot of times I hear you talk about your sales holes and sales witch and stuff.
Let me give you a counter today, sir. One, two, three, four.
There were four live avails on the show today.
You've got to be kidding me.
No, I'm not.
I hear you talk about these people, I hear you bad mouth them and you know,
I wonder how you get away with it, you know, talking about management and so forth.
But apparently these people are so goddamn and co-herent and incapable of doing their job.
Apparently it's true.
That is correct.
I'm living proof time. I hope you have a wonderful day.
Good luck, pal.
There you go. There's some more good news here at QA.
We've got to want to give us this money. We don't want it.
We don't need it.
We'll give it to the American Cancer Society.
Anybody believe that story, by the way?
No.
We just took a poll.
We pulled 42 million people in the last break about that story, about the charity money.
And did you think anything went to Jerry's kids?
No.
And all 42 million when we asked you believe that story, they all said no.
No.
Not one.
They said they believed it.
Maybe some of it went to MS research.
You think so?
No.
Maybe some of it went to the Lupus Foundation.
No.
Maybe some of it went to a United Way.
No.
How about the Milky Way?
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah, the Milky Way.
Yeah, that's where a lot of those pictures come in.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Oh, no.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Good.
First time call, a long time listener.
Yes, sir.
Listen, Friday, I was thinking about you.
I had heard a thing on the news about a haunted house that they were having it in Arizona.
Yeah.
And the basis of this haunted house was based on the Columbine massacre.
And it was being done in the church.
And the reason they were doing it was to try to scare kids into religion.
I just had a call and tell you that.
Isn't that great?
I can't think of anything scarier than the Bible.
Exactly.
Do do do do do do do do do.
Great.
I just thought I'd call and tell you that.
Thanks for the good news.
All right, buddy.
Bye-bye.
See ya.
Yeah, if anybody believes in God, you come work here for a couple of weeks, okay?
That's right.
Just ask God's words, He'll tell you.
Come and work here at QA for a couple of weeks.
You'll know that there's no God.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to comment on that situation with a screw-in and the money thing.
Yeah.
It just seems like, I mean, just the nature of the world is it is today.
All those good companies who signed down to get that advertising so on a so forth.
None of them have stepped up because they got what they wanted.
They got their advertising.
They got the publicity.
No more no less than regardless of what the just in the situation is.
You know, they got their.
Yeah.
And that's where the state of affairs you have as they are.
Well, that's great.
And so, in other words, evidently, no other people sponsored that or played or was involved in it.
Really, give a crap where the money went.
That's, I just, I find that hard to believe.
Well, that's inconvenient to buy.
There's not a lot of everybody was complaining before about it being there for and so forth.
Why did anybody come out and say not only about the origin of situation,
about the misappropriation of funds?
Right.
Isn't that the bottom line?
I certainly far beyond OJ being there.
I mean, that was irritating and it was unacceptable.
But that's a minor irritant compared to where's the money?
Of course, I mean, that's where they go to show you.
It's not so much where the money went, is that they got what they ultimately wanted.
That's why you're not getting no calls and no response from other of your local cars.
Yeah.
And evidently, you know, see a lot of people that play in these things,
they make the donation because they want to go out there and rub elbows with the Don Strock and this one and all the X-Jawks.
And once they do that, they don't give a crappy on that, which is very sad.
Apparently that's the deal.
It's not about the justice or whether or not, you know, everybody,
the foundation got the money as was advertised, just a matter of people going out with the money.
You're probably right.
I mean, the center one and the yours to really ruin it alone at this point.
That's what it seems like to me.
Everybody got what they wanted, you know, pretty much the civil fishermen power.
Everybody got what they wanted.
So we'll hear about it.
Okay.
We got it, pal.
Thanks.
Good point.
Don't need 50 dollars.
56070560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
26 after one here at QAM.
But Neil Rogers shows you sports radio.
560s.
QA.
And learn the bloody bitches.
All right.
A guest group shows like rules and death derives.
And the rest of the world is the same, son.
Can't understand why everybody say, fun.
The rest of the world smells like roses.
You need to see the case.
But I can't see you only once.
I'll use the restroom today.
I will go see in there for a few minutes.
I always bring the light so that I am blue.
But now the world is out that I get it.
I guess I'll have to find somewhere else to do.
Now I'll have to hold who's it in and hack my head and to scream.
When I get my hand, the host goes over the room and solve batches his fate.
All the rest of the world smells like roses.
Whenever you are in the room, it smells okay to me.
When I see you do.
All right.
131 at 560 WQM.
There's that stench in the air today.
You know what?
All over this place.
There's that gigantic pungent smell.
Oh man.
It's beautiful.
The good news is though that we are in spite of all the problems with the disc and that the ill-fated gall tournament, the fraudulent gall tournament.
We still raised just the hair under 36th grand in October for center one.
And you can go to your spec stores and Palm Beach and Dayton Broward and over there in four miles and pick up the best in the LCDs and cassettes.
Or you can call center one or off the internet off our neo-rodgers.com website.
Or to the keychains with the buttons on them.
And also get the other stuff through the merchandise and the t-shirts.
Yourrodgers.com or you can call center one nine five four five six three thirty six hundred.
I think what we're going to have to do is we're going to have to work do it like we do with pizza lot.
For the 13th we're going to have to find somebody ourselves that will do an appearance at.
Between you and two because obviously the sales department isn't going to do it.
For whatever reason that's you know one per month October November December should that be difficult.
No.
Should be a piece of cake.
But for some strange reason.
No.
No.
It isn't happening.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah hi.
I play golf and I've been following your comments on this for a couple of weeks now.
And one thing that kind of I find shouldn't be done is please don't include the management group of LaGo Mar and that because these people have worked with charities for years.
They host the inner city clinics for youth groups for free.
Yeah.
And all they did was rent their golf course to move QAM.
I mean you would rent the QAM.
I would rent the QAM.
Yeah.
And they won't any more.
Probably not.
Well we got a letter after the OJ incident.
We got a very angry letter from the manager of it.
They will not have anything to do with this place anymore.
Well probably.
But let me ask you this.
Where do you think in other words if you're going to play in a maturity golf tournament.
Who did the people make the checks out to?
Well that would be a good question.
I would think that they would make it out to the charity.
I'd run a couple of charity events and I'd participate in it in a few.
And generally you make it out basically for tax purposes.
You make it out to a non-profit organization.
Right.
That's right.
It is tax deductible.
Right.
So I normally these things depending on how many corporate sponsors you have.
But normally the golfer fee is about, you get about a 50, let's say a 40 to 50% profit on the golfer fee.
And then of course proportionately higher with your spotlight for the guy that takes the platinum package or something like that.
So if you cost you about 50 to play in the tournament and they had 100 people,
then you got to figure that that was $7,500 profit.
But I'm just like a rule of thumb.
But anyways, but the management group at LaGomar are fine people.
They've done so much behind the scenes for youth groups and schools and people in general that I just wanted to say that.
That's a good point.
All right, thanks.
That's fine.
And of course the people at LaGomar probably would be, because we'll never get an answer on a station from in here.
No.
Unless, unless of course now maybe we still have people listening all the way down it because they seem to have vanished for whatever reason since the golfer.
But we had a few call in the days immediately after the OJ debacle.
But maybe we have some of those people still with us who can tell us if they were to check.
And if so, who would they make the check out to?
Was it QAM?
Was it Center One? It couldn't have been the Center One.
There's no way that could have been because if that was the case, none of that money could have been diverted to the American Cancer Society or OJ's plane trip or anybody else.
The OJ Simpson Revival in the Image Fund.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil. I'm John Cunderson, our first time caller.
And I attempted to advertise on QAM also.
I was also told you guys don't have any life spots.
And it was untrue.
And it makes me think that QAM wants my money not that much because that's what your sales department seems to do.
And it's real unfortunate that giving your program and the type of product you put out where they can demand some money, apparently they have no taking.
So I think SCUAN really really does it want our money all quite that much.
Yeah, well, it's part of the game playing process that's going on. You understand?
Seems like it, Neil. You have a good one.
Thanks for the good news.
There's another one. We probably have a list as long as your arm of people who tried yes.
The checks were made payable to WQAM.
Ah! Now the fine aroma that most of us are so familiar with.
That's right. That fine aroma is in the air now that we find out where the checks were made out.
Hey!
Spent your power manure hangs over this place.
How do you like that?
Nice go on, man dog.
The checks were made to WQAM.
So like the guy says, don't get the log on our people involved in the middle.
They're just trying to do a good deed like they have a million times for a charity cause.
The checks were made out to WQAM.
Which immediately tells you there should be in 15 minutes they could come up with an accounting of how much money was raised of a dollar figure,
subtracting whatever the cost was, the expenses were, etc. and so on, and come up with a net figure.
Here we are six weeks later.
And they're still doing a tat dance and trying to blackmail our friend Carol, etc.
This is so low, so scummy, so grotesque.
If you make a big think about this, in other words, if you repeat this to Neil, I'm going to show him those pictures that you would have golfered with the athletes and would ogye.
Like I give a crap, I mean if Carol was out there, just like everybody else, she was getting their pictures made with whoever they, that's her business.
I don't care. It's got nothing to do with the price of a peanuts.
Sounds like blackmail to me.
Sounds like another unethical piece of turd to me.
That this place is becoming notorious for, infamous for.
Let me say it again. Say it one more time. The checks were made payable to WQA and...
You know, it was a great sub lunch. Sub's from Atlantic City. Sub's on Parker and Charity.
On Parker and Charity and Holly were great. It was great, but you know something I'm ready to...
Heave that lunch and several previous meals all over this counter. Just hearing this crap.
And you see, the worst part of it is we didn't have anything to do with this. We didn't want to be associated with it. We wanted nothing to do with it.
We wanted to have the tournament for somebody else. Don't do us any favors. And now you understand why? Now you understand why.
Because everything they touch turns to instant process, the manure.
We'll overcome. We'll wind up with a good earphone raising. We'll sell a lot of stuff. Make a lot of cash. But we'll still find out what the inside story is on us.
Requiring lines want to know. And if nobody else wants to know, I want to know.
21-2 at QAM.
Hi, this is Bill Zimpera. The other WQAM.com for all the latest Dolphin's information in your feed.
So we'll be great prizes playing feet in the broadcast. 4th radio 560 WQAM.
I will break Jesus' spare gift and some drive to me. I swabbered over and learn the things and large eyes to say to them. When it comes to gifts and praise, I'm where we ever fickle.
But there is one thing I will not lose. I will not lose the bagel.
No, he will not lose the bagel.
No.
I'll tickle his and sweet the seeds of some last water melon. Don't blad me much on campus girls in all else that you're selling.
I'll suck in middle, channel, low, thin, lappest, gangy, trickles. But I'll never ever, ever, ever, ever, smooth that bagel.
No, he won't lose the bagel. No, he won't lose the bagel. No, he won't lose the bagel. He'll never, ever, ever, smooth that bagel.
I'll fingers quake then lick the butt to a sweaty head to linen. I've done by everything with fruits and have a veggie fetch. I'll swallow man's oats so big, so big they're shared in shiggles.
And even though I'll walk these things, I'll willing script her the bagels.
No, he won't lose the bagel. No, he won't lose the bagel. No, he won't lose the bagel. He'll never, ever, smooth that bagel more.
No, he won't lose the bagel. No, he won't lose the bagel. No, he won't lose the bagel. No, he won't lose the bagel. No, he won't lose the bagel. No, he won't lose the bagel.
at 560 W.
Whatever.
I'm going to have to save this is real thing for tomorrow.
Is real history disputed?
That'll get some people.
Oh!
Foccotic.
Fives, we got 450 open lines here in the last quarter hour.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Hi.
I think you're missing one real good point on your side with this golf tournament.
Uh-huh.
You read a lot of ad copy, so did everybody on the air.
Correct?
You mean promotion's promotion?
Yes.
Who wrote that you?
No.
Did it?
Uh-huh.
Did that say anything about another charity?
Of course not.
There was never any other charity involved.
Well then they have falsely used the name of Center One to promote a tournament.
And all the people on the air too.
I mean that's what we said when the OJ thing came up is that that was bad enough.
But I mean there wasn't mention one word the other in the promos.
But certainly it was all every promo was to benefit Center One.
Well then they are the ones that have a lot.
Let me ask you this.
How do you arbitrarily after you've had a charity event that you've, you know,
uh- purported to represent one thing?
How do you then at that point determine how much is allegedly going to go to some other charity
that you just decided arbitrarily in the middle of midstream and how much is going to be left over
and then come up with the line like, oh well not very much.
You can't.
That's the point.
You have the two.
Something really really stinks here.
You have the tape and Center One has a case against them.
Yeah.
This is they use their name in promotion of an event or profit.
And at this point if Center One isn't getting the money then, um...
And how can it be six weeks later that there's no accounting of how much,
especially if all the tricks went to QIN?
Well Center One has the right to demand an accounting because of the fact that their name...
And they will.
And they will.
So I'll make sure that they do.
And no one else's name.
And therefore, I mean it may be a very good charity but they have no right to that money.
Right.
Well I'd bet you a lot of money that no other charity got a dime.
Well I'm sure it's not anyway but the point is no one has the right to so they can't even claim that.
Right.
Okay thanks we're there.
Thank you.
Unbelievable to take something as you know as benign, as positive, as easy,
as falling off the out of the second morning, falling off a log.
Because like I've told you before when you have a bunch of crazy people running your style,
um, about your irresponsible children in the sandbox,
as opposed to a business, like a real business that when somebody calls and says,
oh by the way I'd like to buy some advertising on the show, whatever it is.
That somebody actually returns the call, has like an adult conversation with him,
like a business person, like doing business.
Here's four Myers, hello.
Neil, yes sir.
How are you today?
Okay.
Well at previous callers you stole last thunder but maybe some other thoughts.
What you have was an implied contract and because the station diverted the funds that is,
you can double check with your attorney but that's fraud.
When the intent is to deceive, then you got fraud and because there was no.
I mean I don't have the promo in front of me because it's long since gone,
but I remember the very last line proceeds to benefit center one.
Exactly and the funds did not go there.
They didn't know they haven't received a dime.
And if they claim that their intent was not to defraud, then you should buck up and say,
well you didn't pay me my talent fee of $100,000.
Then you'd see some money going real quick saying, well, well, we only raised $50,000.
And here's the money, Senator, one.
You know, you could say, you know, you didn't pay me my talent fee.
Talent fee for what?
Well for your promotions, didn't you show up?
No.
I didn't have anything to do with this thing.
I thought you showed up being a big supporter of center one that you went your name
and you actually appeared there.
No, I didn't know.
I don't have a grab.
No, whatever it can be.
No.
But you know, they did defraud it and their intent was to deceive.
Okay, well tell the beastlies over there we said thanks.
Okay, all right.
Thanks a lot.
Bye.
Thank you so much, beastlies.
And thank you Greg again for being a great businessman, a great leader that we can trust,
that we can follow, that we can just blindly go over the edge of a cliff after knowing that he won't lead us astray.
You know what I mean, Greg?
I knew you would.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, see like I've told you before people think I make this stuff up, there's no embarrassment factor here.
It doesn't make any difference.
How grotesque, how humiliating it is.
Nothing can embarrass them.
It's like water off a duck's back.
They just don't care.
It's like it's like the business about not paying people on time.
The contest winners at Power 96, the contractors who are doing this five-year project over here,
that should take about three months in a normal place.
They just don't care.
Just give us the Fing money, please.
I'm sorry, no, please.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me get your mind on something else.
