Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560, toll free for date and browered or pound 560 on your cell
boat.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
It's date to Miami Town.
All right.
At 560-0 WQAM.
The
positive
content.
He's a wonderful toy.
Had a major win, sir.
Like the Hershey Highway.
Had reading Martha Stewart.
He's winning Martha Ray's baby head and the coveted wind pattern.
Very hard hard with no say.
Just get mud for the job.
Boys of the rainbow.
We're just hitting the top.
Why men ask a hard.
This friend just said gay bar.
The head.
The fans won't be distilled.
When they find out he thinks it's triple, watch him raise the wave.
A damn before his gay.
Oh my god.
He's winning.
He's winning.
Oh right.
He's winning.
He's winning.
He's winning.
He's winning.
He's winning.
He's winning.
He's winning.
Oh, he's winning.
He's winning.
He's winning.
He's winning.
He must be talking about the other one.
What's he then now?
He must be gay or Gordon or some other Gordon.
It's 10-03 at 5-60 WQM.
I'm happy Wednesday to you.
I saw last night, you know, on the cable channels, all the cable channels.
We got these local cuttings where local advertisers buy spots that are local spots.
I have no idea.
I probably should have written down what account it was for, what client, what sponsor.
It was on the weather channel.
Maybe some of you have seen this spot.
I've never seen anything like this in my life.
On the bottom of the screen throughout the entire end, on every part of the commercial,
there was a fish symbol.
So the message is, only if you're farbicin a goyam like we are,
only if you're professional Gentiles, should you do business with those.
Isn't that the message that they're trying to convey?
It's like that Christian yellow pages thing, the same thing.
I appreciate that.
That's a good idea.
If you don't want to do business with those of us who are Jews, atheists, Buddhists,
Seventh-day Adventists, whatever the hell we might be, only born again Christians,
then please be sure and put the fish symbol on your ads,
and we'll just stay the hell away and do business with somebody else.
Okay?
Okay.
Thank you.
So last night, I'm so punchy this morning.
I don't know whether there's scream or eat your key to banana.
First of all, I watched a couple of periods of that Panther game,
which they wound up with the two-two tie by the way in case you were missed out on our mic.
We're going to re-show this morning here on QA.
And anyway, they wound up with the two-two tie.
I managed to stay through the first two periods.
By the way, great game, Pittsburgh and Calgary last night.
What a performance by Marty Strock.
Oh my God.
Player of the game, he was unbelievable.
Anybody see that on your little dish?
No.
Wow.
Marty Strock.
I told you, I tried to tell that hard ass dog McLean.
Now these people listen to me.
I know nothing, okay?
So anyway, I managed to stay way through two periods and taped the third period went to bed.
And for some bizarre reason, it must be my psychic powers again.
Couldn't sleep with a crap.
And why didn't I sleep with a crap?
Because I was laying there thinking about this place.
For the first time in a long time, I've had a real good success rate on that for several months now.
Kind of putting all of that on the back burner and avoiding being concerned about the bushly.
But here it is a year later.
Maybe Hank, kind of like so the seeds yesterday.
Because I'm driving home out of here yesterday and here Hank talking about our sales manager, Screw Anne,
and about how she must have that they could pictures.
And he had another major run in with her and others, no communications in the Adi-Ariani.
Which you heard me say a million times.
And maybe that kind of like planted the seeds and rekindled because I've been sitting here with tremendous frustration for months on end.
And now it kind of brings back all this whole long year.
And here we are a year later.
Then I come in this morning.
Because my dog evidently must have rubbed off on him too the little dog he couldn't sleep.
And then all of a sudden here scratching on the floor and making the other room.
And oh my god, and then this morning he keeps me up all night long to make sure I get no sleep at all.
And this morning I go in here and find like bloody diarrhea all over.
So he's at the vet right now, okay?
I think my little dog has bloody diarrhea from the QAM sales department is what it is.
Don't you think?
I think that's what it is.
I'm not sure if I think that the stress, you know how you transfer, transferance of stress because I was under enormous stress.
And all of a sudden I noticed he couldn't sleep.
He's a poaching around, run around the floor, making deposits all over the place.
And then by the time the morning came he was already not eating and head bloody.
Oh man.
So I've had a lovely day.
I've been on my hands in these scrubbing and they're just all kinds of like bloody diarrhea off the carpet.
Time for dry cops at what?
My meeting.
Well excuse me, okay, that's part of the Neorodrius diet.
I mean it's no doctor still in Zlippotherm diet which I'll talk about in a minute which I see a half a page ad in the hair for this bull crap.
It's not that but it's the Neorodrius diet.
Just think about getting on your hands and ease with you know with wet towels cleaning a bloody diarrhea from your dog or maybe from like a human.
And that'll put your appetite on the back, the back burner huh?
That's right.
You'll lose your appetite so fast you'll get your brains out.
So a little dog is at the vet this morning speaking of dogs which we were yesterday.
And like I said anybody who's not a dog lover although little dogs it's a very specialized thing.
It's a compartmentalized thing, little dogs, tiny little yappy, pain in the ass dogs who a lot.
But at any rate you know during this the first year which ended December 30th I think I did about three shows that I can recall.
Three shows where I just sat down here and I just went nuts.
I just did a tie rate on this place.
Three that I can recall very vividly.
And I don't know maybe I'll do another one today.
Maybe I'm in the mood for it.
I don't have a lot of energy because I had no goddamn sleep at all.
Mostly because of my little dog all over the place but also partly because I couldn't sleep tossing and turning and thinking about this place in the unprofessionalism and how they don't care.
See the first clue should have been the very first couple of days that we were on air here last year.
And we go to the recorded commercials into the first spot break and we hear a spot where the guy is saying,
Hey what's up? How come I'm out of there?
I'm going to go to the live stream.
Some lobster, a termador.
And it was like a muffled and muddy and you couldn't understand a guy they were on the spot.
I looked at George and he looked at me and we're saying like, is somebody really paying for that spot?
Is that like supposed to be real commercial?
Do we care about it?
No.
Yeah.
And then it took us like about a month of screaming and yelling and carrying on about that till they finally decided that one of the car machines which is older than the thoo's law.
Maybe we shouldn't be playing cards in that because people are paying for their commercials.
And then we went, we kind of after they got that kind of cleared up and remember that audio vault that Gregory came down here and berthlessly announced you that day that the audio vault was ended.
We ever get that on QAM, the audio vault?
No.
To have that computerized so that everything is clear and crisp and you can actually understand what's being said.
Did we get that?
No.
But at any rate, so we kind of moved from that along to the Lenny Martez, Robert Gryfer.
Who's the other one that did the lobster termador spot?
Ralph.
Ralph.
We moved along to the 10 year old board ops doing the spots.
Experience for winning is all about what you were doing.
Like that.
You know what I mean?
People who can't speak.
People who are unintelligible.
People are probably very nice guys, but you can't understand the word they're saying doing commercials.
And it just, it just amazes me that, you know, these are people who they really don't care.
And I don't know about you, but when you work with people and you know that they don't give a crap, it's very, it's debilitating.
It's very frustrating and it's a real downer when you know that most of the people who work around you don't care about these things.
They don't give a crap.
I mean, not even a tiny little, no, not a crap.
And then so I come in this morning and find out from Georgia.
And we only, by the way, Greg Reed, you are the world's number one communicator, baby.
I'm a baby.
I'm out of sight of this man.
Like I said yesterday, we're in the communications business, but there is none here.
You'll never find any.
So we find out by accident only because we had this one account where the copy yesterday was just unacceptable.
And so George goes to Gary Sarner, the all-time Bozo, by the way, who just got a promotion.
He's our new, what is he? National.
That's right. The bigger Bozo you are here, the higher up the food chain you go.
That's right.
The more naked pictures you got in the drawer somewhere, the higher up you go on the food chain.
It's always the same three people.
It's the water Nazi and it's the sale of the blue screw in.
And it's Gary Sarner.
They got all the naked pictures.
And we find out that this has been a reorganization in our sales department.
Did anybody bother telling us about this?
Did we know any of these new sales people?
Did they know them? Did we know us?
No.
Nothing.
Apparently no one told anyone.
No one told anyone.
Like I said, Gregory gets our reward of the month.
The worst communicator in history of radio.
Vise great meal of Ruth's Chris.
I appreciate that, but boy.
Where did you find Heykohlberg?
Right where you got it.
Hey, still.
I have no problem with D-Full, but D-Full is somewhat intimidated.
And it's like laws or people.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Intiminated by what, Jeff?
What do you have that I'm intimidated by?
Well, I don't know.
You kind of turn red when I come into studio.
Why would I turn red when you come in here?
Just because I'm looking at a guy that's trying to warm his way under this show.
I'm not learning my way.
I don't want your way out.
You know what?
This goes back.
Let's clear the air right now, Jeff, for instance.
Yeah, back at the All of Dreams former radio station.
When you came on the air on Neil Rogers show and trashed virtually everybody that worked at the station.
I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil
and trying to work your way around going through conventional systems
about getting a job on the air that you were saying that I was stand back
and your chances of getting on the radio.
Absent.
And that's what I kept hearing from people that knew you personally.
And instead of saying it to me, you're running around saying,
oh, well, this deforestation is the reason I'm not getting a job.
Oh, that's not true.
That's not true.
But anyway, I want to move on.
No, no, no, no.
You're just going to move on?
Move on.
You're saying I'm jealous of what you're doing and I'm saying.
What is that, Jeff?
You're kind of not showing data?
No.
I'm what I am saying, though, is this?
I just feel sometimes you kind of get a little uncomfortable.
I'm intimidated by you.
Who wouldn't be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back?
Oh.
Yeah.
Okay, 10.15 to 5.60 WQ.
One thing about deforew, he's just a little bit paranoid.
You know what I'm saying?
Just a little bit psychotic and paranoid.
Like that confrontation we had in the hallway at IOD.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, like a half an hour after I got off work one day about how I was trying to get,
it causes me to try to get a rimmer in there and take his job.
Just, I mean, anybody that's paranoid about Jeff Rimmer is really paranoid, you know?
Uh-huh.
And now, of course, I noticed that they're not mentioning our show anymore.
John, then, didn't I make it very clear the other day?
I said, if you listen to the worst team, that's great.
We would all want them to lose one listener because, you know, we're all the missed thing together.
In fact, even our ratings bonuses are tied in together in part.
You know, we want to make sure every show on his station is great.
But if you're not one of those people that listen to that show, Rick and Todd are in the morning on the stupid talk is what I said.
And I said, I listened to them.
Have I ever said I listened to our morning show in the year that I've been here?
Have I ever said that I really listened very much to have said just the opposite?
Because it did the callers on there and the in session.
Hey, you think they could stop the dead for running game, and Duel David?
It's just not of any interest in me.
It's ponderous. It's repetitive.
It's boring and guilty. It's on my nerves, but other than that.
So, you know, and obviously now there's another problem developing there, which is going to be his problem, not mine.
Speaking of Rick and Todd, here's the fact that I heard them coming into work this morning, Rick and Todd.
And it sounded like they were having a pretty good show.
Did you listen?
Oh, you didn't listen. George hates Rick.
But then, huh?
I just forgot. I was listening to a crop work or something.
Oh. Well, you forgot that. Well, maybe that's why they were having a good show.
And Rick only very briefly once mentioned, oh, the S&P futures is up 12 points.
Yeah. But very briefly, even it didn't bother me that much because he moved right on to what they're talking about some woman that's spunk in the library up in Boka, who smells real bad.
My wife was telling me about her because she used to work in that library.
Do you see Rick and Todd hit the jackpot?
Oh, they were getting a billion calls about that.
Let's us talk about somebody that smells real bad.
They would have meetings. They would have staff meetings just about this woman.
Yeah, I've known a few people like that in the library.
They stuck.
Yeah, oh, don't be playing that rimmer stuff.
Defolge, I'll bend out of shape again. What's with Defol?
Maybe the fact that he puffed up and got so chubby is what's to get into him.
You know, maybe his pressure is up there.
Defol is a good guy. Everybody likes Defol.
Don't they?
No.
Yes, they do.
But he takes it so goddamn hard.
He takes it to heart.
It's a radio show. What is he getting all these fence and inside kind of about?
Anyway, the fact that since I work afternoons and nights, I never listen to Rick and Todd.
I decided to give them a try since you're promoting them so much.
It's not that I'm promoting them.
It's just that here are a couple of guys who are just about on the verge of being victims of this disgusting, grotesque business.
And I have an opportunity to give them a little bit of a promotion over there because I worked with them for about 85 years.
And they're pretty good guys.
And you know, as an alternative, if you don't like our morning show, if you don't like Howard with his 20-minute commercial breaks and the lesbian, then here's another, you know, if you don't like a podcast and Nova, rip it off everybody else's material.
Here's another alternative in the morning, okay?
I'm giving them a little promotion because I know that people they work for will never do it.
And they talk about that every morning now.
About the fact that queer channel being a bunch of cheap ass dudes will never promote them.
In fact, the only reason they got people calling over there and people know that they're on in the morning is because I've been promoting it.
Oh, sorry, people.
It says they're entertaining, but you're right about Rick. He has no idea what he's talking about when he comments on the stock market.
He sounds like a pompous moron and it's boring. It makes me fall back to sleep sincerely, sleeping beauty.
That rest my case.
And again, I'm not, you know, on the one hand just because I'm giving a little promotion does make me think I can tell about you to want to show.
But I just, I've never seen that element.
I worked with them for 112 years. I never heard that element before.
Like you said, he got a little bit of money and all of a sudden he became an investor.
And the market is zooming by the way, the dials up on Renate and the NASDAQ's up 46 points.
That's all I'm going to say about that. I'm not going to keep repeating it and the features is up this and fair value with that.
Because generally speaking, it's the flea market crowd, not the stock market crowd.
The stock market crowd are sitting there right now. They're sitting at their little computers.
They're trading online and they're punching their brains out. They're gambling away like crazy because that's what it is.
Right now things are looking really great. Europe went way to hell up again today. The way way up.
Phenomenal. But it's boring. It is terminal. It is ponderous. It is really boring.
But getting back to this thing about our, the whole, the whole philosophy of the, and the sad part about it here at this radio station, I've told you this before, is there is no competition.
None. Rick and Thubb in the morning are the only semblance of a show on that radio station now. On stupid talk.
The best AM signal in the market right in the middle of the day. They have nothing else after 10 AM zero. Nothing.
IOD with that stale, awful marginal news format that they got. It's a non factor anymore. It might as well shut it off now instead of waiting until they build the condos and they block off the tower and have to shut it off the earth.
It might as well do it now. It's a non factor. It's a non competitor with ratings that are minuscule.
Is there anybody else on the AM band that speaks English that's even worth, that would even come to mind? No.
So the AM band should be owned by WQAM. But the problem is that we have people here who are just interested in vegetating their way through life. They don't care.
I mean professionalism doing a job for the clients, putting people on here who sound like they belong on here. It's like a production.
Do we have a production director at this station? No. And Sturgis Michigan, a WSTR, 1966 and 2007. I worked at, I was programmed director there two years.
Sturgis Michigan. I don't even know how many people were like 15,000 people there maybe.
We had a production person. I mean he was also did other things on the staff, but he was a production director.
You know who recorded commercials who, you know, that kind of stuff. As opposed to we're going to attend your old kids from the sports bar.
Here you go Wayne, do a spot. Okay, hey, come on down and buy a cow. Take the mystery out of right. Take the map right. One thing I cow.
Well, you want to say that again. Run that by me again. And you ask yourself, don't these people listen to, I mean they must listen to the radio station.
If I say something that pisses them off, they sure sell. They don't miss a word. They don't miss a goddamn word.
But ever not, they just maybe they tune them down during the spots. Maybe that's what it is.
That all these clients are paying a lot of money for. And that we just keep getting a lot of stale stuff brought in here that sits in here day after day and week after week and month after month.
Hey, you guys on here, the air talent make magic for us now. Okay, even though you've had that copy since before Thomas Edison was a baby, go ahead and make magic for the clients and make them a lot of business. Okay, if you want, if not, we don't care anyway.
Because only we always really want to tell you they are when they finish with the new studios upstairs, if it went that ever happens.
And when QAM as an entity is totally in this building, we ought to put a big sign on the outside of the building. Just give us the f***ing money. Okay, that should be the model of QAM. Just give us the f***ing money and don't bother us with anything after that.
I've never heard of such a concept. I've never seen anything like it. Mine eyes have never seen the coming of this kind of a dreck.
And we've got this one, you know, and they're rotating. We have wrote that they're purchasing and rotating on it is what they're doing. We got the local sales manager in the general sales manager in the national sales manager and the sports sales manager in the regional sales manager.
Everybody here is a chief cook in a bottle washer. Everybody here's got a title.
But in the meantime, nobody talks to anybody else. And like I said, it's only by accident. The best part of the deal is this account, which I won't mention, which one it was.
But this particular commercial that we had a problem with the last couple of days, which used to be Gary Sarner's account. I thought I just mentioned, who's just gotten promoted for his aptitude.
A sales guy that never even I never met before, that never heard of the account that there was from nothing about it.
This is the kind of due diligence that goes on here. And like I said, we've got an open avenue out there. It would be like if all the other teams in any sport, you pick this sport, if they all went up folded and went out of business, you had the only team and you still couldn't win a game.
There's nobody else out there on the ice on the field on the diamond. And you still can't win. There's no competitor out there in sight. And you still can't put the ball in the end zone.
Yeah, what was the game here a few weeks ago, but you know, in overtime, or at the end of the very end of the game, whatever the hell it was, and they forced them to do the extra point.
And guess what? They went for two. Well, what a surprise because the other team never came out and lined up so they took the ball. The quarterback took the end zone. All right, it's good. Two points. That's what it's like.
Yeah, no, seriously, that's true. The other team refused to come back for the extra point. I forget what game it was.
That's what we got out there. We have no competition and we still can't get it done right because we have too many people in this place.
And I, you know, like I said, I had a three-show screaming about it for a year. I got over it for a few months. I somehow psychologically managed to adapt to it.
And now for whatever reason, maybe my psychic vibrations knew that a lot of shenanigans were going around behind the scenes and nobody.
And nobody bothered to tell us about it. And only because George went to Gary Sarner asked about a particular account and a piece of copy that my dog wouldn't look at.
He was doing the done a bloody number on. That's how bad that piece of copy was. He would have shied away from it. Only because he asked the question.
Oh, by the way, I'm no longer doing that. I'm the, what is he now? The chief kitchen.
Oh, national sales manager. Gary Sarner. Oh, that's great. Well, these will keep our hair and off of this show. Anyway, that's good.
People with no conscience are running around in this building. People with no concept of how to speak to each other. And then our program director had got only knows what function he serves.
I talked to him on a phone this morning about this. Well, you know, I'm not even in the same building like we don't know that. He's over on Sheridan Street. Like he's pretending he's in Peoria and we're in Moscow or something.
You know, it's not like it's not like we're worlds apart. But what a great convenient excuse that is what's the excuse going to be when we're all in the same building together here in a month or two or whatever it's going to be. Well, there'd be a different excuse to end. But you're sweet as there will be.
There'll be a new and different and exciting excuse.
In addition to which guess what the program director also didn't know that we have a whole realignment of, huh?
No, nobody know. Other than the people themselves. In fact, maybe even the people themselves didn't know. Yeah, no, seriously. Maybe they didn't know. Maybe you were supposed to have like a psychic maybe smoke gryffin would come down from power 96.
And we'll sit around the table. We'll do a, say, nobody else say anything. We'll just hit in the, you know, think real hard. Something will be real hard.
And all of a sudden, like a little light bulb light up over your head. Oh, that's the new sales manager over there.
How about a memo? How about putting, how about putting something on a piece of paper on a piece of Charmin toilet paper and putting it in a bottle and floating it down through the toilet.
So we might be able to find it in the in the turlid down the hall or something. Greg.
You see this is the sad part and didn't I tell you this also when we first came here. It's a club. It's a fraternity. So as long, you know, like that dinner at Roots Chris, which he's got a very nice wife and we had a nice meal and I appreciate that there was a Roots Chris. Oh, it was great. That doesn't change anything.
I didn't here to become friends with a general manager or his wife or his family or anybody else. They're nice people came here to do business.
Like they said in the Godfather, it's time to do business. Do they do business? No. I mean, there's a lot of money that runs through this place, but do they really do business? No.
Monkey business. Talk to us. Tell us something we're starving for some information. Like I'm driving to the hockey game last Friday at the Macarena. I turn the radio on in the car.
And here's my voice coming back at me. Did anybody bother telling me we're playing the best in the old Friday morning before the hockey game? No.
There is no communication in this joint. None zero. Zipity doda. You people are the worst communicators in the history of the human God damn race.
From the general manager and the program director and screw in the local sales manager, whichever one she is this week, you can't complain about their communication because does it exist? No.
It don't exist. And in any time like it, come on, run it in the end zone. There's nobody out there in the field. And you can't get it in. There's nobody out. There's no other team out there. And we still can't take the ball over the goal line.
Where's my meat? We're have all the communist gun. Just a short decade ago. They were everywhere. And now there is rare as a playboy in Richard Simmons bedroom.
Unless you pick up tickets for this weekend's Disney presents, comies on ice, former dictator loving red tape spreading commie bastards are now on the ice and twirling their pink a little hearts out for you and your family. Watch the Stalin six, juggle their sickles and hammers as they twist and turn in elegant formations, resembling battle tactics they never got to use.
Days in amazement as Vladimir jackoff performs the nearly impossible Bolshevik 1440 degree revolution in Disney presents commies on ice, employment for pinkos and entertainment for you this weekend only.
1032 and 560 WQM. This definitely is the most neurotic place I've ever worked. I mean, this is an erotic business by its very nature. I've always told you that. But this is a truly neurotic place. And just in the one year that we've been here, we've had more people either leave here.
Not necessarily voluntarily or be like put in limbo because of drinking problems, sexual harassment problems. What would you call stalking problems, stalking and stalking, etc.
In just one short year, what has been 622 people fit into those categories. It's unbelievable. It's like a neurosis going on here. They have neurosis of the liver.
Speaking of neurosis, by the way, turnpike shooter shot a sought by police. You know about the guy that was hitting the head on the turnpike between sunrise and Oakland.
And I'm reading this article in the heraldus morning. I find one thing really bizarre. Florida Highway Patrol captain Jeff Succi, whose investigators tried to trace the bullet and its intention says,
is this a randomly fired gun somewhere that hit the car or was it a deliberate act? You hear about it on all roads, whether US, state or local roads. Was it a deliberate act or did it just come from somewhere? A random bullet?
As if we have, I mean, New Year's Eve is over last time I checked right now. It's over with. In other words, are there just people standing off a few feet off the side of the road on the turnpike and the interstates like firing off rounds? Is that what it is? Evidently?
No, just stop and think about that. Well, the range costs money. Yeah, so you have to get the car to type it down.
So you conjure up in your mind the vision that there are, you know, no matter where you're driving or like that thing and we know that I wrote about yesterday. He says you read about it or hear about an all roads, whether US, state or local roads.
There's no for storm because you know, because it's we have that heritage with the old wild west and that's the American way.
Right, that's it. So that's the consider that kind of a bizarre comment by the whatever he was the highway, the FHP, the poker captain, Suci.
But anyway, I'm sure we'll find out. I'm sure we won't have any more.
He's out there in the highway. Will we? Here's our call of the morning. Here's Pembert Pine. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing? Okay, sir? Yeah, last week I think you were doing the different dances, the end zone celebrations. Yes, and you made somebody mention the six gun.
Maybe, maybe. Yeah, but Johnson, which I always thought he was white. He was one of the most light-complexed dark guys ever in the history. I always thought he was a white guy.
Well, I was thinking maybe Brian Blades thought he was doing the six guns a couple years ago. Yeah, I could have been. Yeah, now this football thing with the tickets.
I went to the orange ball. Yeah, I heard Edgerman Hankett, Edgerman when I left where the hell was I yesterday? Real articulate.
I heard Edgerman James on her yesterday and then he was talking. Now is he married because he was talking about his family and he had a baby? No.
No, he's not, he's not married. No, no. And he's got a daughter that he's talking about. He's going to sign, you know, he's going to the draft and going to the NFL.
Yeah, he's got to raise money for his family, but he's not married. Okay, well, I guess we're not going to be because you know.
No, no, no. I felt very sorry for him because you know, should he break a leg or something God forbid like that? I'm wondering what he's going to be doing for a living.
I mean, he was a. Well, he's not major in engineering. I mean, I love those people to say, well, how dare he, you know, leave a year early and not further his education?
I mean, I think at this point it's going to make a whole lot of good. It's not going to get any further. That's true.
Yeah, the football thing would not be called for short. Edgy. Hey, Edgy, we got no edgy. Edgy. What do you call a guy named Edgerman? But anyway, I'm sorry.
That's okay. I'm just picking game with these sports guys. The football two two last things. The football thing would not sell it out. Now the parking for $20.
That's what upsets me the most. I went to the Orange Bowl game and I go to the hurricane games and I parked down the street there for free on the sidewalk.
You know, and it's it's just too high for parking $20 when you consider that an end zone seat for a regular season game is $24.
So to be almost the same as as a ticket for the game that that's absurd. Yeah. And the last thing. I don't know if you mentioned it.
Well, what do you mean it's too high? They had like 80 trillion people at all. So I heard the yesterday quoting how the numbers of people attended those sporting events all in the same weekend.
Here was a staggering number plus 31,000 people showed up at Gulf steam because the admission was free. And they wanted to see Huey Lewis in the news and even a live screen.
I'll tell you what I park it. I'll let everybody else know I park it called her on the day that the one o'clock games for $2 and walk over to the stadium. I just refuse.
But I don't I don't understand in other words if it's that expensive and if it's going to be on television, which it turned out that it was what's the big deal? Why would you go?
I don't know. I didn't go when it was on TV. I'm saying when they don't sell out, I went to two games this year that both that were not televised. The same Lewis Rams. And why would anybody go and see the Rams?
I like football. I like pro football. But the last thing I call me crazy. I'm the beastly read situation. Did you guys talk about that the last two days with the lawsuit?
No, we are not going to be discussing it. It's depending on the lawsuit. Obviously we have nothing to say about it.
Oh, you can't comment. No. Okay. Never great day. Okay. There's our call for the day. Thank you, sir. Covered the few bases there. Doesn't like the parking cost for the ball games and said it went so on.
I know it gets really pondrous here and then we come on here and belly ache and bitch and scream about the same old stuff. But you know something I really thought I was so naive. I thought something was going to change in this place.
And every time I would say that George would do what he's doing right now sit back in the chair and laugh very quietly.
And giggle and chuckle because he knew he knew that this was a bubblegum stand.
I'm just I know there always been I mean salespeople in general are a flaky bunch like radio engineers are really peculiar and radio talk host who are all a bunch of burritos.
But but the fact is I have never been in the midst of a conglomerations of people who have such a cavalier such a bizarre attitude about going through life.
And we just make an effort we don't care. We no matter what you say no matter what you do we don't care if the spot sound muddy if the equipment is from before to
goddamn stone age no matter what it is we don't care. I just I can't mentally adjust myself to adapt to that. I've tried and it's still unholy to hell.
I mean especially when people are paying a lot of money to advertise on the show and the other shows on this radio station and we have any
stuff that that is an embarrassment that is humiliating and degrading and just unbelievably garbage.
But it's new frequent one there you go. And I came in a year I've tried eight or nine times to adjust to this thing and I just can't bring myself to do it.
Huh? Ninny nine times I've sat down and said to myself you've got to stop this okay because your blood first is going to go up eight or nine points and you know.
Oh well five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. I think we've hit on it the lady who smells now the fact that you said that could crystal no I mean this is what are the odds in that all I
mentioned in his passing as I heard them talking about this woman in the book a library who smells real bad and what are we going to do about her and they had
four thousand calls on it and then you tell me your wife knows her not knows how she was she in the library they know they she goes in there she goes but you
don't live in Boka no but she used to work at that library yeah so they would have meetings about this woman some homeless woman goes in reaching smelling smell though the entire
place up within seconds of locking in the door drives everyone else out the staff of course can't leave this must be one of the most famous woman in
town they yeah oh she she is very famous and they can't do anything about it because it's a public library.
Yeah yeah because somebody called him this morning so there was some guy I think in Jersey or somewhere up north who you know
want a couple hundred thousand dollars in he sued the library because they tried to kick his ass out and he won a couple hundred grand
settlement and also they still have to let him back in her all the time.
What do we do about people who stink I think that's a very very good question because you know quite around here around here
that's a question that's a perpetual question because we got a lot of people who stink around this joint.
Twenty before a lot of it at 550 WQ and Neil Rattles is my lover.
Bond is back and he's older than ever in old finger.
If I could only pull his trigger damn that I flourish.
Double seven is added numbers five two nine one two three for social security benefits and is traded in his outdated
gadgets for his brand new high technology ones.
This red pen after the boat proof shield it can take all kinds of crap not much has changed over the years.
Why miss money penny you're still ball up for wishes ever James but live money dollar now the cost of living in
air. Freason playboy centipled cattle rein of it stars as the Russian spy.
Now that's what I call pushy galore Sean Connery still sharp as attack like spawned hair hair.
Or just called me bond old finger playing in senior citizen centers right after matwalk.
10.44560 WQM so I guess I'm the only one that's ever seen that spot with a fish on it nobody cares about that.
Okay let me cheer that up.
Just amazing the indifference the apathy the general maybe it's just me and this audience remember just a bunch of slackers could that possibly be it.
Yes.
Anyway I did bring in my book diabetes solution by dr. Richard K. Bernstein I know this is boring the most of you people especially those of you who are not fat.
The ten of you out there who are not fat.
And a little bit later on I'm going to read you just very briefly just a few paragraphs not long and ponderous in terminal but like that jackass that called me
and I guess well where do you come up with this stuff about you know the low fat thing being a far from people who are the experts like dr. Bernstein is one of the top experts on diabetes and on diet in the world but nevertheless.
Well and by the way what do I do with that thing?
Can I throw that out?
What the hell is that?
The article about the turnpike thing is continued in the hero of on page 9a and underneath it there is a half page ad and open letter to anyone who wants to lose up to 30 pounds in 30 days the easy way from dr. Stillman.
Not dr. Erwin Maxwell stillman who's been dead for about 20 years when the famous water diet is stillman diet.
But dr. L. Stillman over the hell he is at a place called the metabolic council for obesity fulfillment center in tempi Arizona.
Half of eight yet including testimonials from fill in North Miami Beach and Linda P in Miami and yada yada yada.
I'm surprised Linda energy in here although it says no dangerous drugs like fen fen no calorie counting no nothing.
All you do is pop some of these great pills that he sends you and send him a lot of money and there you go and you're going to lose 30 pounds in 30 days and it's right there in the hero.
Anybody believe that?
No.
No. Jesus.
God.
Here's a mobile in west Palm Beach. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir. Happy New Year.
Same to you sir.
Good I heard about your little doggy today he's already here is that.
Yeah well he's at the vet now. This is not the first time.
Well nice to know got a little problem.
I thought about you over the Christmas holidays what my kids golden.
Yeah and I heard nothing wonderful from you and from other people and kilo puppy.
Did you get yours when you were the puppy?
Yes.
I got house breaker.
Him?
Him.
How did I house break that?
Yeah I mean with baby suppository.
Okay your laugh and I'm giving you the honest answer everybody laughs at me when I tell him it's the fastest way to house break a puppy.
Really?
It takes in principle I mean I didn't just make this up I'm not some kind of a pervert I read about it in a doggy book okay.
You take baby suppositories and when you know after you feed them about a half hour later you put them in there you take them outside and
magically hey wow all of a sudden they look and then after a short time they realize when they go out that's a time to and that's the way to do it.
It worked like a charm.
Well thank god she has a problem with that I just didn't know how long the process this thing is.
Well after they get to be five or six years old and they're still in the house I think you might as well forget about it.
Just get rid of the carpeting.
Well I had their wonderful dog and I just been hearing.
Well their retrievers are the best dogs in the world so when I happen I have the best one that's ever been born.
Well I hope mine's just as good and I agree with those little dogs I had a little dog.
Yeah happy they're happy and nervous and high strife.
You don't give me a long I love my little dog but if he doesn't make it well you know life goes on.
Well he's getting kind of old anyway like me.
Have a great day pal.
You're too good.
Get up with your goal.
There you go.
Golden retriever the greatest dog in the world man.
I don't care what anybody says that means like the thing within a lot I scream some people whatever you like.
But boy they are just unbelievable dogs.
They're like human they're so close to human have some is terrifying.
They're like you have a golden retriever that you've had for a long time you raised like from a little puppy like mine.
And that's a friend that's like a real honest to God friend like a better friend than many people by the way speaking of friends I got two friends in the hospital many of you know them.
Fat riches in the hospital busted his knee up in pop it up a week ago Monday and it blew up like a goddamn balloon and he came out and then he went back in and he's kind of long okay I spoke to him yesterday.
Other than the fact his leg turned purple but other than that he'll be okay.
Now it's so coming along and my good close friend my attorney norm can't who I give a lot of ranting too on the air but has done wonders for me over the years and sometimes not and sometimes yes.
But at any rate was in hospital for a little operation little procedure last week.
How do I delicately say this okay that they removed the tumor from norm about the size of Vermont.
No the size of a bowling ball really but he's doing okay and everything looks good.
They took out two thirds of the stomach I told him is the hell this is a better diet than the stock is still men take out a 15 pound tumor man.
But he's coming along he's going to be fine I just mentioned that because I know no one's got a lot of friends out there and a lot of attorneys who are just waiting in the wings looking to take away his business.
Here's a mobile and what is it spring hill hello good morning. Yes sir happy Wednesday happy Wednesday.
If I'm a little in coherent today I apologize but I had like two and a half hours sleep with my dog with his bloody problem all night.
That's okay and this bloody place.
Long time listen from way back when you're up when you're on IOD.
Right I haven't talked to you a long time but now that thanks to my computer I can listen to you on the internet.
Right so it's a beautiful thing.
Not for the internet man.
My brother we sit there with made it breath and we sit and we listen and we love it.
And we miss you and well we get to hear you on the radio this way.
Okay have a great day like me all yes with the lotion in the basket.
Okay get out here perfect.
You have an open line in power all three and day five six seven out you know it's going to be slow today I'll just read the whole book today.
The solution book.
I already said that okay where do that come from I just didn't like with the like come on do it again you can do it.
No seriously what what the hell did I hit on here that made that come fire up I didn't even know there was such a thing it's not on the bottom line.
I just I just discovered a wait a minute.
Let's see how you do that.
Can't do it again you hit tab that's what you did.
Oh I see still pissed off tab because they told they outed him with the Anthony Perkins.
Where the hell is tab on this thing I don't even see where the goddamn tab is on this thing left left what.
There's no tab on this shirt too little little little little little little rages is my lover.
Oh die of the better go out and get this in hardcover because there's not a lot of copies in every bookstores and they'll be gone real fast.
I've talked about this book before.
This is not just for diabetics by the way it's for people who want to lose weight people are carbohydrate addicts like I am.
And you know really have an open mind understanding how the carbohydrates and sugar are killing them.
I know you don't want to hear that I know it's a very boring and very unpopular topic especially with this audience because this is an eating audience.
This is a food audience it's always been that way it's a food country not just my audience people would much rather hear about delicious food and about fish food and about shoveling all kinds of good fattening stuff down their
puts and by the way congratulations to me yesterday I'm resisting the famous aina's and my blood sugar was 84 this morning.
No medication by the way nice going there Neil thank you.
I do like that with virtually on I did I had a little one thing yesterday that's right but even spite of that when you're watching your pees and cues.
But you know you do the best you can and I'll say this for those people well you know we've heard you do on about this 500 times and you've always failed but you know something if I wouldn't have tried the 500 different times I'd probably be they'd have to wheel me in here in a wheelbarrow.
I be one of those people who couldn't get through the goddamn doorframe here.
So at least during those times it's called like keeping yourself alive just in case you ever really get around to doing it right at least you stay alive for a little while.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Neil yes sir how you doing okay good great show I love you show.
Hey I just a piece of information for that gentleman I called wanted to know how to train his retriever.
Yeah just cage train him you know you put him in those cages.
Yeah I did that.
That's the best way.
But you take your dog your your your little dog to Dr. E.
I'm not going to say where I took my little dog.
I know I know you take them back.
I'm not happy.
I'm not at the least bit happy with that place but I don't know where else to go and it's close by not too far from where I live.
And I'm not all happy with my last experience with him and they know it because she gave me kind of a sour look this morning and I gave her kind of a sour look and I said here's the damn dog and do something and cut the crap.
I'm not happy I find it a good bet in her hands like finding a good doctor it's not easy.
Yeah I don't I don't my doctor never six home okay.
Well how old are they?
My retriever he's about seven or six and I have a puppy retriever that is.
Well I mean okay it's like a puppy.
I have a Yorkie also.
Sooner or later just like people all dogs that have problems they have problems and again other problems.
You know sooner or later you'll need a good vet.
Sure.
What happened to him?
He just he just vanished.
Oh God a two and a half hours sleep.
I come in here.
These people are dead as a doornail.
There's one call on the board.
This guy's in the middle of a sentence.
He just vanishes.
You know something there's a potchkin around with his phone again.
Okay.
He just disappeared.
I was over here on this side.
I didn't touch anything.
I didn't hear a dial tone.
I didn't hear a click.
What what is going on here these last a couple of days again.
Are we back on that same bull crap we were on before?
I think that's what's going on here.
Are we ever going to get up to tears with a direct phone system that I have confidence really works?
No.
I mean Jesus there's another one of these deals.
Oh yeah power 96 they're up there.
They got their radio jukebox that's smoking and joking up there.
And then after that it's going to be the rest of the building from over on cheer in the street.
And then if they ever get around to that then we're all last.
We you know stuck kind whatever the hell goes after that.
Because we're already down here in these fashionable digs with our own ants.
Okay.
We don't have to worry about the insects from a cheer in the street.
We got our own bugs over here to work out.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Just in case there's any interest here this morning with just like yesterday it looks like they will not.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Two things.
I want to see one that's Indian promotion where they give the $6,000 on dollars to the dolphin runner that makes 150 yards.
So I haven't got any idea what that's all about.
I don't want to talk about the dolphins.
I don't want to talk about the Indians.
What's your next object here?
What's the next point?
The next the next object is I hadn't heard you talk about the $2 million suit that easily read has.
Yeah.
Let me say it again like I told the other guy you haven't heard me talk about it because it's pending litigation which we'll discuss and have a nice day.
Maybe the Indian got the $2 million and he's running a real fast and jumping high like Brian Blades.
Oh God.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Or could these people possibly be so stupid?
They can they are and they will be.
Here's the lady mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
Hi.
I was listening yesterday to guy that called about the diabetes.
I'm just wondering you know I'm diabetic type one.
Do you tell me about the vagadivus?
I really need it for my sugar level.
What does that mean?
Yeah.
Where does this moron come from, Dave?
The one that's called yesterday?
Yeah.
What services are they for?
He's from the hunger.
He's here.
He's in absolute war.
He's got me sugar to.
Oh you're talking about the guy that said you have to have sugar to live.
You know something?
I'm going to have a great day for the lady in the good new phone.
I'm going to read one thing here from Dr. Bernstein's book for you to chew on.
Just think about this even though you're not going to believe it because you've been brainwashed.
And you want to eat your snack wells.
He says as stunning as it sounds and unbelievable given the popular media's recent love affair with high complex carbohydrate low fat diet.
You can quite easily survive on a diet in which you would eat no carbohydrate.
Furthermore by sticking to a diet that contains no carbohydrate but high levels of fat and protein.
You can reduce your cardiac risk profile, cholesterol, blood lipids, etc.
Though you'd deprive yourself of all the fun foods we create the most.
Fun foods in quotes.
Let me say it again by sticking to a diet that contains no carbohydrate but high levels of fat and protein.
You can reduce your cardiac risk profile like he's done.
Dr. Bernstein, the guy that wrote this book, who was type one diabetic and has been since the age of 12.
And went to school to become a medical doctor at the age of 45.
So we could share his findings about diabetes with people all over the world and has become one of the most highly recognized diabetes experts in the world.
How do you like that?
So you can tell me that I'm full of crap and that the snack wells people and the low fat people are the real diet people and the healthy people.
And I'll tell you there are full of crap.
And I didn't get my facts from some jackass that called here anonymously on a phone yesterday.
Give me a son of an aunt about oh you're going to have sugar to stay alive.
Right. There you go. Got to have that sugar baby.
He's probably one of those guy named keen people and I don't mean Steve either.
Just like we had the dog people, the dog track people called from Naples yesterday with their big stupid mouth.
You know what I said? Two in a row. Back to back. You think that was a coincidence?
No.
Oh, because all of a sudden I made some comment about the slaughter of all these damn puppies.
Now they breed them like rabbits by the millions and gas them by the thousands.
Truth really hurts donut guys, huh? 1057 at 560 QAM.
You can kiss my rear end.
It puts the lotion in the basket. It makes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
That it has to lose it out. It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get. It puts the lotion in the basket.
It needs to rub it on my brain. It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to dry clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket.
I said dog, dog.
I switch my behavior in my legs. I say dog, dog.
I like to dance around this way.
Mommy.
I said dog, squire into the air.
Mommy.
I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Poppano Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my PPI. It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it go? It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin so it's nibbling like this.
I'm just thinking about it.
I'm just thinking about the whole situation with these people that I work for and within this place.
We both have the same objective and that is to make as much money as possible.
We're all in business to make money. There's no BS about that.
But the difference being they don't want to be bothered with the details of what goes between a couple of months.
I'm saying in other words, there are things that you have to do in between the desire to make money.
Just give us the money and don't bother us with all the details.
That's basically where they're coming from.
Now, if I knew how to do that, in other words, if I knew how I could have stayed home this morning and just called in and said,
hey, how are you doing everybody? Have a nice day.
Give me my check.
Believe me, I'd be the first one to do it. I just don't know how to do that yet.
We have an open line at Broward, all three in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a little toy to tell you last night.
I was announced sunrise watching the Panther game.
Virginia and Peter were all just like everybody else when he's on the ice.
Getting other super-tenile, yeah.
Yeah, so the girl next to me said, yeah, he's a real jerk.
Like, oh, it sounds like you know, it's her first experience.
She goes on to tell me that her sister went out with him once or twice.
She's the first black guy she ever went out with.
Well, let me tell you, she said the myth is not true.
I'm like that.
She was hung like a baby midget.
Yeah.
And it was the most disappointing sexual experience of her life.
Uh-huh.
Now...
I'm not gonna give you a memory.
That's good. Thank you.
Okay, that's it.
That's it. That's what we got for today, boys and girls.
Have a nice day. Like I said, it's been nice talking to you.
I'm gonna go home and expect a check to be coming in the mail in a couple of days.
And that's, you know, let's cut out the middle, man.
Let's cut out the pimple and the middle stuff between ANZ and what it takes to, you know,
to get the money to come in.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the AT&T wireless line.
I should have called in sick today.
You know, I could have done that.
I could have dropped my dog off at the bed, going back home and called you and said,
do the show and end you just gone home and slept all day, which I should have done.
Because that's obvious right now.
Like I just get a facts a minute ago.
Hey, Neil, there's a real interesting documentary on the impeachment and the job that I'm seeing right now.
You know, like, like, first of all, I haven't seen a hundred of those in the last two or three weeks.
And number two, like I'm gonna just stop doing a show here in the middle.
Maybe we could pop that up, but it's over right now.
I hate to break the news to you. It's all over.
These people wouldn't know Andrew Johnson from Lyndon Johnson.
From your Johnson, okay?
Here's a plantation. Hello.
Oh, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Listen, you were talking about a vet.
You know, you weren't very happy with the vet you swore today.
I got a good point.
I didn't say that I saw today.
I've been going there for a long time.
Okay.
I've had several effects.
And as far as I'm concerned, they're all marginal at best.
Well, they make a suggestion.
There's one young lady vet in the promenade, the old public from Clary.
Right.
And NAPL.
Uh-huh.
She's very sweet and very good.
Why don't you give her a try?
Okay.
Not very far.
No, not very far.
I've been bringing my dog down for years, and she's very, very nice.
Yeah, I know exactly where it is.
Okay, I just thought I'd tell you.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, like I said, find a good vet in your room for a pet is like finding a good doctor.
You got to shop around and shop around.
And maybe if you're lucky, you'll find one before your pets are dead.
But it ain't easy, especially down here.
560560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Any interest out there?
Any going to get any calls here today?
You think?
No.
Okay.
I'm just going to sit here and make sound effects.
Like, you want to do it a little bit?
Yeah.
Don't stop now.
Yeah.
Just kind of do it the QA.
Just keep going till the next break.
Well, let's do it the same way they want to do it.
We all put the effort in between.
We'll just take the page.
I mean, there's nothing in my contract.
There's a guy who's going to talk to you.
And I'm so sorry and I'm disgusted.
Kill that, please.
It's even annoying me.
It sounds like guilty all over again.
560560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, we're out of business here.
We're completely positive.
What?
That the NBA lockout has been resolved and they're reporting it on his camera.
No, I don't care.
This is not a sports show.
I don't care.
Okay?
The NBA lockout has been resolved.
They are going to play a little bit of a season.
And they're going to play some basketball.
Do I care about it?
No.
As a matter of fact, newsweek magazine I was reading the last night.
There's an article 70% of the people in America don't give a crap about the NBA to begin with.
And of the 30% of new care.
Most of them were, I didn't care what there was going to be a season.
Not today.
But these guys, you know, they got to put the bread on the table and make their 12 million, 18 million, and 15 million.
So they have to have like a little abbreviated season now so that WAN may make a few bucks on there and get the heat games on.
You notice how they caved and they talked a good game.
But boy, when push came to shove right there at the end, they buckled and knuckle-lender because they know God damn well they're taking those 2 million and 5 million and 15 million and whatever they're getting paid each one of these big freaks.
It's a hell of a lot better than flippinburgers at the burger king.
No, I don't care.
In fact, I'm going to get that to the New Year's resolution, which I'm a few days late to six.
But other than my usual little bit of hockey talk, I don't want to hear anything about sports in this year.
Whether it's good, bad, or indifferent. We got 20 hours of non-stop sports in the Rosas on his station and quite frankly, I'm burnt out on it.
I'm just burnt out on it because the level of the dialogue is just so ponderous.
It's so juvenile that I'm so embarrassing and the adulation of illiterate jackasses.
I'm not saying you got to be a rocket scientist. I'm not going to say you got to be a Julian Bond.
You got to be the most a myrio Cuomo. Everybody is cut out for that.
But at least be able to speak to be able to sign your name.
Okay, if you got like a real name, I just I can't get excited about people who are so inarticulidate to embarrass and humiliate me.
And supposedly people who had like a university education, I was supposed to believe that. I'm sorry.
I can't get excited about those kinds of peoples. Can't do it.
Here's a mobile in four-law to deal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Phil, I want to tell you a show is the fence of men.
Yeah. Well, I should do that. Yeah, okay. Thank you.
He's in four-law to deal like I'm on Uranus.
Okay. Thanks, Julio. Thanks for your great contribution to what you've done to South Florida too, by the way.
You and your people. Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello.
Anya, what's up? How are you doing, sir?
I'm so glad that N.V. Laca is finally in no, no, no, no, no, more rage in the roof as they call it.
But now can we find a way to get rid of the dirty bird or what?
Here's a mobile in Pemberpine. Hello.
Emil. Yes, sir.
How far is Julio's car? This is Tim from the mall.
Okay. We have one line left on the board. That's in the browser.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. This guy's got the F-word. We got the two or three little Julios on there.
Grabbing each other's members that they can find it.
Which they have that only they got good eyesight. That's all we got left here, boys and girls.
As in all, all be out of business.
Where do you find Jim Mandage?
Right where you got it?
Oh, wow.
Fortes radio, 5, 60, Q-A-L.
I think it's hard to fix this.
On Capitol Hill and far away, smell a chubby's come to play.
We're never all the smell a chubby's gone.
Hey, boys and girls, it's time to play hide and seek with the smell a chubby's.
Who's that hiding under the desk?
It's me.
Who's that hiding in hose bush?
Why it's me.
Sleiki Blakey.
Who's that hiding behind the keg?
Yes, sir. Well, that be me.
Yep. Kipsy.
Now that's what I call a smell a chubby.
Here, there was nothing come over here and pull my finger.
Oh, wait a minute.
Thank you.
It's 1113. That's not like that.
The day halver's damn bit that we got.
What's got him, eh?
1113 is 560 WQM.
We have two open lines in day 5, 6705, 60, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're doing it the Q-A-M wave, baby.
We're doing it the Q-A-M wave.
Don't expect a show. Don't expect any entertainment.
Just send us all your money, okay?
And whatever else you got.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah. A question and a comment later.
The question is, my son is a diabetic since he's 25 and he's like 40 now.
The book that you mentioned, would that be for a diabetic one?
Both.
Sorry?
Both.
Oh, for both.
Because Dr. Bernstein is a type one diabetic.
He was diabetic since he was 12 years old.
Oh, Dr. Bernstein.
And what is the name of this book, please?
Diabetes solution, Dr. Richard Bernstein.
Gotcha.
Hardcover.
The comment, Neil.
Yes.
You know, I've been listening to you a long time since evening hours, eight to 12.
Oh, God, right.
And listen, you've been through this crap before.
I think I can say what crap, right?
You can say all the crap.
You've been through it before and you've put up the greatest numbers.
And I've been enjoying your show for a while these many years.
But you know something, I was thinking about that when I drove home.
It's funny you mentioned this.
I would drove home yesterday.
Yeah.
And I was thinking about the fact that as long as I've been here, I've been here a hundred years.
And it's always been the same.
It's never these people, they're terrified.
They don't want to talk to anyone.
I could bring up 600 different things like yesterday.
I had a dozen different things going here.
Any one of which should have generated like a ton of response, they got nothing to say.
They're all terrified or the cats got their tongue.
It's always what they want to hear is hear me screaming and yelling and bitching about the fact that nobody wants to speak.
I never heard such a thing.
This is what my whole life in Miami has degenerated and do.
Is being on your screaming about the fact nobody's got anything to say.
Yeah, I know what you mean because I heard you have to show.
But it seems like people like myself, I just call in once in a while, but I listen to you very, very often.
Yeah.
And you get some intelligence that will be calling in.
I'm not looking for intelligence.
I'm looking for somebody alive other than the half dozen comics who call 400 times a day on every show in the universe.
Right, I know.
But these people are all over the country.
Not the anti-speople all over the country.
No, they're not all over the country.
They're here.
I know, man.
Let's disperse them.
Let's send them all over the country.
Let's send them to Fargo, North Dakota.
Let's send them to the minute.
Let me tell you, you talk shows that you know, like in California.
Let's have you talk to Montana.
Yeah, in California, Chicago, you get these cookies that are calling in.
I don't mind cookies.
I'm talking about lethargy.
I'm talking about apathy.
I'm talking about people who have nothing to say, which is this town.
This is a boring place with boring people.
Well, I'm not sure.
It is.
I know what you mean.
I know what you mean.
No matter what it is.
And if they do have something to say, usually they know what they're talking about.
Like you listen to sports conversation on this station.
And as soon as the call starts coming in, you know, immediately you're listening to a bunch
of dodo birds.
They don't know what they're talking about.
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
I've been listening to you for a long time.
And I get the same people, I mean, 20 years, 20 years ago, 50 years ago.
Right, exactly.
Since the first day I came here, March 1st, 1976, 22 and almost 23 years ago,
their voices I hear on talk shows, including this radio station, that I heard 23 years ago.
Yeah.
It just, just, just, I mean.
Who the hell wants to hear those people?
That's why Neil, so many people call up and tell you, thank God that you're here and you're on the radio
because you know, who is that?
Why the hell is that?
Oh, come on.
God, Neil God, you know, people, you know, I say that.
Yeah, well, that's just that.
But people do say that.
And I think that, thank God, the Neil Rogers, because he makes, he just keeps this place sane.
And if you are on the water, hell, we would be.
Okay, pal, good luck.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, I'll see you in the funny part.
We have an open line in Broward, Tuen, Dade County.
Any interest out there today?
I'm going to call them.
I'll be the first one to admit it.
I'm in coherent about two and a half hours of sleep tops, I would say, and about a half an hour on the floor,
cleaning up a bloody dog.
Okay.
That's been my, since I spoke to you last, that's been my excitement.
And quite frankly, for this town, that's not all that bad when you come right down to it.
That's pretty exciting.
Better than going to the sub-rest.
Now, we spent the day, we went out to the sub-rest.
Oh, and I got speaking to go to the sub-rest.
Yesterday, and even though I had all the other stuff going on, I forgot to highlight from Monday for my trip home.
Remember Monday, how it was raining and pouring and freezing and really nasty?
And so I have my drive home, and not only that, I went out of the doctors, I'm on over to the beach.
And it was like walking pneumonia and I had the blood drawn.
So I drive all the way home from my knee beach all the way to 595.
And I get to Flamingo Road and I go north on Flamingo Road.
And all of a sudden, I get to the corner of Flamingo and Broward Boulevard.
And the light is green, but I noticed that the half-dose and are so cars in front of me, and all the lanes are sitting there.
And then I see a couple of porkers, BSO people out there in the intersection directing traffic.
Like maybe there's some big wreck up, like something's going on, right?
I'll give you 75,000 guesses as to what was going on and you'll still never guess.
Why they had traffic all stopped.
Not a funeral.
No.
A caravan of something going to the Macarena.
That's a hint.
Let me give you a better hint.
Elephant.
Okay.
The circus was bringing in all their paraphernalia and all their trucks.
The Ringling Brother Circus.
I hate those people.
But listen to me.
This is the Broward County Sheriff's Department of Harden Work for Us.
Okay.
All the rest of us poor working slabs who have to go somewhere in the daytime or would like to get home sometime before midnight.
We're sitting there and our cars getting steamed and pissed off.
And guess what?
The BSO standing out there blocking all the traffic and waving on caravan, caravan truck after truck.
All these big Ringling Brothers trucks and all their paraphernalia and their assorted bullcrap and their elephant crap.
So they can get in there and let thank God in the left hand lane because evidently they were going to turn on Sunrise and go up to 136 to get to the Macarena.
But this was like a 10-minute delay.
Sitting out there in the middle of the goddamn road and you're wondering, what is it?
And then all of a sudden here is the first truck turns and another one.
It's like waiting for a goddamn train.
You know how it is when you're waiting for railroad tracks and you keep looking for the old caboose and you keep looking at it.
Oh, there it is.
Now that's not it because then there's all that stuff in between.
There's low riders.
Whatever they call those things.
What do they call those things?
Flap it.
Yeah.
I mean real low ones.
Oh, there it is.
It's just a decoy.
There's nothing on them but they just recommend there to give you a false sense of security.
So you think that the train was done.
Guess what?
Another 5-10 minutes.
Well, that's what this was like.
And I'm looking around at the people of the other cars.
They weren't just me.
They were like forming a tamas like rabbit.
Like what the fuck is going on here, you know?
And it's like a whole bunch of BSO cars and porkers and they're standing in a road and they're driving all around.
And they're escorting the Ringling Brothers F-ing circus to the Macarena and blocking off all the rest of our lives.
See, I hate to break the news to you.
I don't give a crap about the Ringling Brothers F-ing circus.
I'm not going to go to see it.
I don't care about it.
It's a bunch of elephant is what it is.
And especially, you know, you people with a law enforcement in this time, you really got your priorities all straightened up.
For those of us who are out there on a highway and byways, all of us taxpayers who actually live here every day.
The best you can do for us is a bunch of goddamn speed traps.
But for these invaders, these carpet baggers that come in here to siphon out the money from town.
Oh, hey, let's stop all the traffic on the road for about 10 or 15 minutes and let you sit there steaming in the air and get pissed off and fired up.
And you know, what, wasting a lot of gas, idling your life away.
Thank you very much BSO.
Great job, BSO.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm dating a girl that's got a friend that's diabetic.
Mm-hmm.
And it seems like every time we run into this girl, she's got a drink in her hand and takes it to the limit.
Now, isn't that bad for your sugar when you're diabetic?
Yeah, of course.
Of course.
No booze.
And I always constantly am honored, tell her, you know, you're always on top.
Oh, yeah.
That sounds good.
Ask her to, you know, don't drink tonight, quit drinking.
Oh, I'm fine.
I'm fine.
You can stay down her all the time.
Maybe she wouldn't have time to drink.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
It'd be nice when it will sit in between.
How do I approach this girl?
Well, what do you mean, how do you approach it?
You can leave the horse to water, but you can't make them stop drinking.
Is that the way the saying goes?
If she's going to kill herself, she's going to kill herself.
Right.
I mean, she could go into coma.
It just bothers me because my grandfather's diabetic.
He quit drinking.
Yeah.
Everything cold turkey.
And I don't see why this girl can't do that.
Well, we've got a little problem there, you know.
Right.
Okay.
I say dump the bitch before we get the two involved and then you have to start paying us a heavy hospital bills.
Thanks.
Okay.
Good luck, you pal.
He'll need it.
Okay.
One call left on the board.
I just, I just throw my arms up and here at this point.
You know, I just, I got nothing.
I got plenty of nothing like your song says.
You have no energy.
I'm sapped.
I'm totally sapped with this crowd.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the ATM.
I mean, we just, you know, there is definitely something going on here.
Okay.
I don't care what anybody says.
I looked off to my right here for like off to a window that's all blocked off.
Anyway, I looked off here for like one second.
We had five calls on there.
I looked back and this guy was the last one on there.
Please don't insult my intelligence by telling me that there's not some kind of horse crap going on again with this phone system.
Please.
This company man, somebody ought to, and forget about Marlon lawsuit.
Somebody ought to sue these bastards.
Okay.
For impersonating a goddamn radio station and putting us in here with a bunch of schlock garbage.
And then of course the people over there on Sheeran Street.
Oh, guess what?
The good news is we're finally going to get your upstairs one of these days.
Maybe, maybe.
But guess what?
The bad news is you're going to still be working with the same bull crap outdated equipment that you've had for the last 500 years.
That isn't worth a crap.
They just like I said, they don't care.
You can't move them for a lot of money.
I don't want free meals.
I don't want schmoosing.
I want to do business.
Do these people want to do business?
No.
God.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Ne, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Don't get the attention, these people, Neal.
I think the Christian conservative is that guy who's going to get you.
He's trying to get you, Neal.
That's probably what it is.
By doing what?
What is he doing?
What is he doing?
What is he doing?
What is he doing?
What are you talking about?
You know that guy who called you back a few months ago, he said he's going to get you and he's watching.
You know, they're idiots.
They're all planning this game.
What does that have to do with the fact that the people who are listening to this radio station have got nothing to say about anything?
What is that?
What does the Christian coalition have to do with that?
Yeah, they're screwing everything else out.
They're putting up a great show like yours.
I mean, they're idiots.
And how are they doing that, sir?
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
I said I still stayed there.
I said I still stayed there.
I said I still stayed there.
I said I still stayed there.
I said I still stayed there.
I said I still stayed there.
I said I still stayed there.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
They're not going to be able to do that.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
Make it love her hours to be always romantic, a flat.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
How about the carpeters?
First, we better do a little break here, right?
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
Some trains are longer and more complicated,
hence simple and complex carbohydrates,
having many lengths and even branches,
but simpler complex carbohydrates are composed entirely of sugar.
Sugar!
Oh my god.
Sugar, you might axe holding up a slice of coarse ground,
seven grain bread.
This is sugar.
Well, in a word,
at least after you digest it,
with some important exceptions,
carbohydrates or foods derived primarily from plant sources,
such as vegetables, grains and fruits,
have the same effect on blood glucose levels,
that table sugar does.
The ADA has recently recognized officially, by the way,
for example, that bread is as fast acting a carbohydrate
as table sugar.
How do you like that?
Whether you eat a piece of the nuttyest whole grain bread,
drink a coke or have a dollop of mashed potatoes,
the effect on blood glucose levels is the same.
Your blood sugar rises,
F-A-S-T, fast!
Oh!
That's Dr. Bernstein.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Happy hunt,
happy paysock,
happy portal.
Back to you.
Happy circus.
Couple of things,
you can bring back these Spanish guys, no.
It's much more authoritative than it always makes me crack up.
Bring what back?
The Spanish guys, no.
You're using the other guys, no?
Have any Spanish guys know that?
Florida King.
No.
Is he Spanish?
No.
That's Florida King.
Yes.
Oh, I hope they can.
All right.
And by the way,
last night,
the crossfire,
Ilyana Ross-Latman,
just hawking the giant,
unbelievable.
They're trying to,
finally trying to, you know,
start to open up Cuba,
and she just won't hear about it, of course.
Mm-hmm.
She will not hear about it.
She's very funny.
Okay, thanks Glenn.
Glenn Hilder,
the brewery doing a little,
oh!
Two open lines of broward,
five, six, seven,
oh, five, 60,
I rest my case.
I mean, this is, you hear it.
This is it.
This is what's out there, man.
Five, six, seven,
oh, five, 60.
Too bad we didn't get first to that,
the stick and lady at the Boca library, huh?
I could have killed a couple hours on that.
What I'm going to start doing is I'm going to start listening to Rick and Suds in the morning,
and Steven and their 70s matter.
We'll talk about the stock market.
I like Rick and Suds.
I really do.
They're good guys.
Well, let's go.
It's too late.
I'm just going to say that every day,
just to piss off the EpoCency,
so thin skinned now,
it's so paranoid.
Boy, talk about juvenile,
man, grow off the Epo.
And dilute some weight while you're at it.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, what's the difference between acne and a priest?
Okay, let's go to a little kid.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
Mobile in Miami is gone.
Let's try a call from Tampa.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Australian Shepherd's, my friend.
The best dog in the world.
I want to be your thing.
Where is it on the list?
On what list?
Okay, we have two open lines in date.
56670560,
0560 on the AT&T Rivals Line call all the way from Tampa
to share that with us.
Thank you, sir.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Mobile in Coral Springs.
Hello?
I've been to you, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about sugar, fat, and weight loss.
What you're saying about sugar is correct.
However, I'm not talking about the diabetic side,
but as a person trying to lose weight.
Okay, I've just worked since last year, 70 pounds.
I've gone from a 44 weight to a 32.
Great.
If you eat carbohydrates or sugar, however,
if you eat the two breakdowns,
they're simple and complex.
Yes.
The simple of the fruits and the juices.
When you have those items that have the...
Diabetic's can't eat food.
No, no, we're talking weight loss now.
Yes.
Okay, so when you take a simple,
a carbohydrate into your body,
if the body doesn't need it at that particular time,
it will store it back into fat.
So what you do is, if you want to...
If you've taken the carbohydrate
just the right time of day when you're working out
and when you're training and watching your diet,
if you take the complex floor one,
which are the bread, the rice,
they take longer for the...
Even though they go into the body of sugar,
they take longer to get into the system.
So if the body will burn up that sugar
at a better rate,
then going into your body and turning it to fat to store it,
which is what the fat does do.
They store the sugar and items that are not being used
and necessary at that particular time.
Yeah.
And so it's good...
Well, it works for you, that's fine,
but most people who've got a carbohydrate problem,
it's not going to work for them.
Whether they're diabetic or not.
Okay.
Keep it up.
Okay, so they don't want...
I mean, it works for him, whatever that's great,
but they're going to make all kinds of arguments
because they don't want to face the facts.
And for the most part,
most of us have to stop eating those carbohydrates periods.
But what does this guy know?
I mean, does he know anything that's doctor?
No.
Of course not, he's just making it up.
We have an open line,
and Dave wanted to be proud.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60,
on the 18T wireless line.
Mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got the...
I've become the greatest cook of non-carb desserts,
because I'm a huge, sweet thing.
And I make a egg custard
with no sugar,
no carbs,
a cheesecake,
and I don't want a few cheesecake again.
If I ever see a diet cheesecake again,
whoever brings it in,
then on his spot.
I don't want to see it.
You got to try my souffle, though.
You put six eggs,
a pint of heavy cream,
a package of...
No, where do you stick it?
Recto.
Yeah.
The recipe equal-past.
Yeah.
And you make it on
430 minutes.
No.
No thanks.
Okay, we have an open line of day one and bright.
I'll stick to the flan first, okay?
By at least that slides out real good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
That sounded like a fruity gourmet,
to me.
Mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
First time caller.
All right.
Happy New Year to you.
Uh-huh.
Along the lines of the sugar,
I found Ben and Jerry's in the half gallon size.
Yeah.
Only two flavors, um,
cherry garcia and chocolate chip cookie dough.
Yeah.
Um, right at, uh,
B.J.
So, what does that mean along the lines of the sugar?
What does that mean?
Well, guys are talking about the diabetics and the sugar.
Yeah.
If you want to go into a sugar coma,
I get the half down there.
I have to be able to do it.
I think that would, that would finish me off great with a smile on my push.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The only two flavors I saw was chocolate chip cookie dough and cherry garcia.
You're making it in half gallons now, huh?
Yeah.
And B.J.'s wholesale club and sunrise.
Yeah.
That's right by me, yeah.
Yeah.
So I just thought I'd let you know about that.
Okay, I'll see you there about 230.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, we have two open lines in Broward 5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05,
5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I just want to sympathize with you about your dog.
And I know a good vet is really hard to find, um,
personal experience.
We took our dog in to the vet.
He checked it out.
He said everything was fine.
He died the next day.
Who the hell?
No.
You go to the vet?
No, I wish the vet died, yeah.
The dog died?
Yeah, he died the next day.
From what?
Well, he had a hernia in his...
He had a hernia.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
And he couldn't go to the bathroom.
So...
Well, what did he do?
He had a hernia in his rectum.
Yeah, he had a hernia.
He had a hernia in his rectum, yeah.
He had a bruised rectum.
So he couldn't go to the bathroom.
So the doctor, the veterinarian, recommended a laxative for the dog.
So we gave him the laxative he wanted the bathroom to find.
The next day he was going to be operated on.
We took him in.
The doctor said he was fine.
The following day he died.
The doctor said he was fine.
He didn't say your dog was fine.
The doctor said, well, yeah, right.
I guess we misunderstood him.
Right.
But yeah, I can't...
Very carefully when they were speaking.
Because generally speaking, they're writing down like so much for this and so much for that.
They're writing down the lab charges, all that stuff.
You have to follow very carefully.
It's really difficult because I mean this dog was in our family for 12 years.
I mean, I love that dog.
I love that dog.
What kind of a dog was it?
He was a mix.
He was a little mix that we found on the table.
He was 12 years old?
No, he was...
He came when...?
He's been with us for 12 years.
Well, how was he when you got him?
He was a puppy.
He was about a maybe a year old.
So another one he was 13 years old?
Around there?
Yeah.
Let's hold it up.
Okay. We have an open line in day two and brown, five, six, seven, five, six,
60, per five, six, two.
What is this guy want for a quenna?
A lot of dogs don't live forever, do they?
No!
There you go for Christ's sake, Jesus.
You had a bruise rectum.
That was it.
Probably happy to be out of his misery at this point.
He's probably up there in doggy heaven.
Dropping little f***** from the sky.
In fact, they're reading it every now and then you're flying in a plane.
You look out the window and you see...
Look at that.
There's a little Christmas log.
It's not a you-a-log.
It's a final which is dog. I have a little remembrance back on us
Two open lines in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's the oral Gables hello
Okay, thank you once you all got the musical a company and very good sir kept him off the street beauty. Thank you
That's probably the guy that's got the head and the paper today for those pills
Either that or it's what's your name the Linda energies boyfriend. We have an open line a day five six seven oh five
60 and five five 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How are you today? Okay. I'm a fat pig
I mean why would you get upset about that? I'm a fat thing. I'm not upset about several weeks ago. Not a super five day
About seven weeks ago you're talking about a book involved a Harrison act and I was wondering what the name of that book was
Because I went to go and person at one of these bookstores lost right by James Bovard
One more time more than lost rights James Bovard. It's a paperback B O V A R D is the author
Ross. Thank you lost right and back to you
Open line and day one at Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the worst day of my life
Just when you think it couldn't possibly be any worse you get up your dog wakes you up two thirty in the morning
You're tossing and turning cuz you work for a bum fork operation
You then are your dog all of a sudden all over the place
And he starts getting neurotic and getting bloody stool and then you come in here for this
You come in here for this and like I said thank God. There's the check at the end of the rainbow here
Like the last couple of days. I'm looking at the weather in Amsterdam and other European cities
It's warmer there than it is here. I got a few showers a little cloudy, but you know when it's like that here
Then you really know your pain a wicked price at least when the sun is shining at the decent day
You say okay, there's one reason to be here besides the paycheck. There's something
But when it's cold and bitter and raining and nasty and almost like up north and you're freezing your tux off
You say holy crap man the same worth it
I told my maybe my dog was making an editorial comment
Here's a mobile info or lottery. Oh, hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? I'm glad to come on the radio and let us know what idiots there are in Florida
The native bin here all my life and I'm glad somebody should really recognize this
What did me came recognize? I've been here for 500 years. It's like something new. I've been talking about this since the second week after I was here
Well, this is true. This is true, but I don't think it's getting worse. It's not getting better. It's getting worse
Send them all for MRIs and it'll be nothing there believing yeah
and
And have a nice day. Okay. We have an open line and he's talking open line at day
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
But town with no material
See, it's not a question ask not where your tacos. It's what the audience brings to the table. They bring anything
No, even an afghan. No, nothing a sanitary napkin. No
They bring nothing to the table not even a folk not even a spoon
Not even a paper plate
Here's a mobile in the north Miami Beach. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. I love you. How are you? Okay? Happy to do your first. Well, what's the matter with the puppy?
What's that? You're puppy. I don't know the vet will probably tell me he's got a case of
Whatever he's got. Yeah, I know you as you read puppies 10 years old. He's getting really old
Yeah, we spoke was about here problem with the with the ears and the moisture and all of that
That's the other that's not the same dog. Oh, okay
That's another dog don't get my golden retrievers ears mixed up with my little dogs bloody diarrhea. Okay, please
I apologize. My big dog does not have a
Thank god and all in fact you just conjured up an image for me if the big dog ever got
Oh boy, that would be a win in that. I would just get in the car and drive away
Well, you better get another house keeper
Um, and you're right. The vet can be pretty rough, but there are some wonderful vets around. I'm an apple. I sure have it discovered any yet
Maybe maybe they and I've talked to a new one at my joint. I went through this morning somebody I haven't seen before
It seemed to have like revolving veterinarians there. Maybe she's like an expert and we you know what else. She's doing. I hope I pray
Well, I don't know if you want to mention names. No, I don't
Even the place, but there's a big facility
Not probably not too far from you right off i95
And 95 and what? Hollywood Boulevard. That's not far from me
Well, plantation acres. I'm gonna slip that little piece of crap to a Hollywood. Yeah, it's worth it
No, it's not there a big facility. Well, it's good. I gotta feel it
News for you know what a little neurotic dog is like just driving him from my house to uh, not the five ten minutes away
He's already got the green apple crystal. He's having a nervous breakdown. He's jumping all over me
The idea of driving that dog to Hollywood
I mean, you know, I'm sitting at the house looking in the microwave and then thinking about driving to Hollywood
It's not a it's not a tough contest an easy call
So 1157 at 560 WQM time for launch. It's an easy call where to go if you're anywhere near the day viewer
That's the pizza lot. Homo fantastic pizza three different kinds of great pizza and all kinds of phenomenal goodies like the award-winning
Lasagna that Jeff Cohen is notorious for and the best garlic rolls in the world and there are
Stromboli's and calzones and super subs chicken catch a Ture a traditional pasta favorites
They got them all spaghetti and meatballs or sausage big ziti tortellini with cheese sauce
Which really is a knockout and they got all kinds of combination that there's two with your favorite sauces
It not only pick what you want in the combination plate
But you pick the sausage you like on them too
Chicken and veal and eggplant stuffed cellos lasagna madocati combinations
Absolutely sensational best thing you love about the loft is the fact that they give you big fresh portions at very modest prices
They have expressed lunch vessels if you can't make it over their phone or facts be heard or in it'll be ready in just a matter of moments
Call 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 9 1 6 88 80 for lunch for dinner for late night snacks anytime you're in the mood for great
Italian American food
This is the place pizza loft on the university drive in the pizza loft plans are right between Griffin and 5 95 next to Nova
Southeastern kitty corner from cities buffet right behind pure one imports pizza loft not the fastest not the cheapest
They just be the best
Neil Roger show now on 5 60 WP AM Miami Port Lauderdale
Yeah, Bush
Hi, Tomoe
Tonight on CBF it's America's funniest elephants with bladder infections
That is the biggest thing I've ever seen
Oh
My new
American funniest elephant with bladder infections that's tonight right after when Chihuahua's attack you'll kill fuck
Okay, that's our poor question today by the way what's worse elephants with bladder infections or little minkins with bloody diarrhea
Huh, that's our poor question
It's a minute past noon at 5 60 that what's wrong with I mean, that's just the way it is that's life
That's God again, okay? God invented bloody diary
I know that's very this tasteful especially right. It's new and it's right lunch hour
I'm sorry, but you religious assholes out there you're God you can't blame anybody else for that
You can't blame bad dietary habits. He's been eating the same food for like a years now
It must be God invented bloody diarrhea. Thank you God. Thank you Lord
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Neil yes, sir
I'm losing my voice. Sorry me too. I got something for the cable for you
Yes, I had the same experience from different vets and what happened? I call this mobile clinic and they came out to my house and
They have x-ray they have
Certainly this morning I had like I had to come to work. So I had no choice
I had no alternative and I certainly wasn't gonna leave the dog in the house alone
Yeah, you know my big dog is smart
But I don't think he's competent to let the little dog out every now and then we use about to do a
All over the floor. No, I guess it wouldn't help me
I guess bloody diarrhea not a good idea to leave them alone in the household
Anyway, I couldn't leave a number with the offline if you might be interested in the future because it did help me
Okay, that would be great. All right, buddy. Thanks. Have a nice day hang on. Thanks
Okay, line six take that in fact
I had a number of a mobile vet which I lost that's a good idea they come to your house
They do the grooming they do a little minor things and they also do like important things
Sounds excellent to me fact
I think they ought to have like mobile doctors like we used to have years ago
I was reading that there are a few doctors and make house goals every now and then and doctor mark actually made a house goal
Here a few months ago took my blood came in here stabbed me a couple of times
Open line of date County five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
See the thing about the like they got a call before I'm glad he's losing weight
But he he want again he wants to project his personal experience to everybody else
And I'm telling you sir if you have severe carbohydrate intolerance like most of us fat Americans
Have got that the bread and the rice and the potatoes and the pasta and all the other things that you're rating about
It's still not gonna work. It's gonna make you FAT
P H A T P H I S H F O O D okay fat
Here's Florida City hello
Florida City
Hello, yes sir. Yeah, I just want to know what do you have against black people?
What do I have against black people is that interesting?
We haven't said one word about black people today, but I don't
What is it usually do usually do what talk say something about black people like what black people are the catch you what black people are those
All of them all of them
Yeah, like John Connors from a Michigan. No like Julian Bond
No like Barbara Jordan Reston peace. Yeah, aren't those black people I just mentioned
Yeah, what about what about gay people?
No, no, don't forget about gay people. What about black people? What are who the black people? I'm talking bad about
Let's not sometimes switch the subject to somebody you are a prejudice again. Let's talk about black people
We're talking about black people. What is it?
We are talking about black people all black people
Well, what all black people all black people like friend call one night you called them a queen
Yeah, and but so what's wrong with that? What's wrong with that?
You didn't call you gay so watch you call that gay FAT. God didn't bother me people call me FAT all the time
Does it bother you?
Doesn't bother me. It's a word
Your friend got a sense of humor or not. No, he doesn't have one well time to get one. Okay, and a sense of humor too
This friend don't have one maybe you can tie one on
God
Cooling smokies are sparky nigger
Spirit chucker. I mean, what's the problem with that? Okay cloud
There were that's the message from the show sir words are meaningless. Okay, even little kids sticks and stones all out of their bull crap
Okay, tell your friend to grow up and get a goddamn life and lighten up a little bit so to speak
We have an open line and dammit leave him to a guy like this in the middle of nowhere
All of the sudden the discussion of the 425 things I'm talking about and the one or two the audience might be responding to
All of a sudden he wants to start talking about little I have against black people
Sir, I like nice people whether they're black whether they're white whether they're whatever. They might be whether they're gooks
I don't care what they are
But people who are illiterate and people are reproduced like rabbits who are irresponsible those people are not too crazy
But I think they ought to be you know sterilized forcibly
Whether they're black or white or whatever they might be here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Going once
Oh, this is this is a picnic without the answer. Oh, no, I think it back. It's a picnic with the end five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, no, yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? Maybe you can help me clarify something
Like you I've been battling the way up and down for years and years and years
And like other people that called in I've been on on programs where I
Do we now have eaten all those things you mentioned the breads and the rice and still lost weight
Okay, my question you was the actions is premised on what absolutely no complex corporate objects at all
No complex car ride rates right zero
Breads no pay those no rice nothing correct, but you can eat everything else as much as you want
No, now of course not as much as you want
Well, you know, I mean, let me let me let me you can have a
Let me yourself and in the beginning you can have about 20 or 30 grams of
Complex carbohydrates, okay
And you can have a nice big fat piece of steak and
Kind of skeamed vegetables and all that kind of stuff and when you cut out those carbohydrates you're saying it's
That's what's what's called those problems, right?
Okay, I just you know because I'm confused you know everybody says
You say no fat no fat of a beef of a boop, you know, it doesn't it's a fraud
It doesn't work for 99% of the people the they come out with these lists every few months
They keep doing these studies and the merkins are getting fatter and fatter and fatter and they keep
Hacking them with these the all they're all it is is merchandising. Don't you understand low-fat this low fat that low-fat salad dressing low-fat
The snack well it doesn't work
It doesn't work
Where the food the food's fallen with that
What is it on the acnes?
On the acnes you can have a little bit of food very little very minimal
All right, well, I just know how it's a food sugar. Let me say it again. Right sugar. No sugar cut out the sugar
Okay, I just
I think he does pick up the book but I just that's exactly why pick up the book and you'll thank me for it have a good luck
Open line and date 500 and broder 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
A minutes past noon of q-way if you ever try to get money from a bank one of those big hot shot letting institutions
I bet you a lot of you people out there try to do that and you live to tell about it
But not too happy they give you a run around they give you the first degree the second degree the third degree
They want your shoe size and every couple of days they keep calling back for more information and by the time they finish
They worry you out and then at the end of the whole day they may not get the money after all
If you want to get some money for any good reason the easy way talk to our good friends my cart and Jake
They've been helping people just like you in this town since way back in 1982
There's never an application fee. There are no hidden charges no run-arounds no BS at a Atlantic Coast mortgage
And in most cases my cart and Jake can get you approved in 24 hours
They can even take your application information right over the phone if you like and with interest rates as low as they are right now
Now is a smart time to get yourself a first or second mortgage even that consolidation loan
So get the personal service you want them deserve forget all of BS the third degree call a Atlantic Coast mortgage
Two day you'll have money in no time in date county call 305
940733 that's 305 940733 and Browden Palm Beach call 954
987 877 954 987 877 get yourself some money the painless way from a
Atlantic Coast mortgage
This is 560
UAM
If you've been looking for a cellular phone
But you don't want the credit hassles contracts and outrageous monthly bills that comes with it
It's time you discover track phone
Track phone is a free-paying cellular phone that requires absolutely no credit checks no security deposits and no monthly access fees
Finally, you know what you pay you never get an unpleasant surprise with a steep monthly cell phone bill because with track phone you buy airtime in advance
It's cellular service that's convenient and available to anyone anytime anywhere take your track phone with you wherever you go
It works just like a normal cell phone and with nationwide coverage you can always stay in touch no matter where you are
Track phone makes a great gift for people to deny traditional cellular service due to creditor employment history
It's also perfect for students to keep in touch with their family with out-blowing and monthly budgets
Everyone qualifies and there's no age limits with track phone
It's easy to buy and easy to use get your track phone now you can't be rejected
Find it at your nearest record photo-added stress store or radio check
I the phone and pay for the airtime as you go as much or as little as you want track phone everyone's answered a cellular
You know
You Toyota fun
And right now your self-created oil dealers are celebrating 20 years of incredible sales with the biggest sales of an in history
You're watching this we can see what never before on brand new 99 cameras
Holded with all the options you want
Get
trillioner on savings on for tone rappers
Victim in spite of
They are
Thank-you
The dolphins head west to Milhoi Stadium for the AFC playoffs and a rematch with the Super Bowl champion,
Jin Verbranco Saturday.
Bill Sifridge in the image called the action.
Countdown to kick off starts at noon, game time for 15.
On sports radio, 5.60, QAM.
Get the honey tune, yeah.
I have an extra suit in my mouth but the rest of me is okay.
Not the worries, but not looking there, not when you have double V.
You know that the gas pair, I've been dressed with a great pair.
I've funnily had a time to reach my guitar, but she best they made me star.
My dress on small, I know the pair, not safe, they are my own and as long as my career goes on, I will never show them.
Oh my god, you're dressed so beautiful.
1213 and 560, QAM.
There's that BDI little Pete Boulder look like representative Charles Candidia Florida on their former Democrat by the way,
Tegra Republican because he couldn't hide his true colors anymore.
Let me say it again, anybody who ate that olive garden, I should tell you everything you need to know.
What if that bitch ever got a job back by the way, that'll teach her.
Here's Kendall, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Yes.
I was looking for your website and I can't find it, it's been down for, I don't know.
Oh, that one don't exist anymore, neo-roger.com, that's the official, that's it.
Oh, it's neo-roger's not, not neo-god.
Right.
All right, thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay, there is no.
Thank you, God.
Virginia.
We have an open line at date, 560, 705, 50, 05, 50, and a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in four Myers, hello.
Over there.
I'll work there.
Hey Neil, here.
First off, I love you show, man.
Listen to you for years, I'm over four Myers.
But I've been telling my wife about the Dick and Fighter.
Yeah.
Can you play that?
No.
Two open lines in date, 560, 705, 60, 05, 50, 60, on the mobile one.
I'll get to it, pal.
I'll play it for you.
Okay, don't take it personal.
I'll play it.
I just thought it would sound a lot better to say.
No.
Okay, because they're not doing like all requests, but they were trying.
We're trying to have a few conversations, that's why they call it a talk show.
As opposed to, hey my wife, you want to put a what inside what?
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes, I'm a Floridian boarding Jacksonville, so I'm probably a YAHN who is your column.
Could be.
I love your show.
I hope to win the lottery one day.
I'm going to put a station up there with you on it.
Anyway, I was responding.
Yeah, but I have to buy my own equipment.
Now I want to, I want to sign the cast yet there with all the papas to really screw with them.
All right.
I want to run in four Myers, man.
They're not too happy about it over there.
That's the one good thing about this old house.
Is we get the piss off those assholes on the West Coast.
Well Jacksonville's the son of a home of the Southern Baptist Convention with Homer Lindsey himself.
Homer Lindsey?
All right.
Great of that too.
Yeah.
All right.
I was responding to that guy about the Ackens diet.
I'm on it right now.
Yeah.
About 45 pounds.
If you read the book and do everything, you take a multivitamin to make up for the vitamins that you lose in the vegetables.
You know, it's the greatest diet out there.
I don't care what anybody says.
I agree.
I agree.
If you're one of those people that really can't deal with the carbohydrates, and especially if you're diabetic, I mean,
well, what's, see, there are a lot of these people that make it real complicated and they act like, well, yeah, you know, they have to,
I mean, that's because they're already making an excuse when you talk to somebody who gives you that song and a dance.
You know they're not going to do it anyway.
So why are you doing this?
Well, they also say they go, well, I can have a big steak, sure, but I've got to have at least a half of baked potato.
No, they can't.
You don't even want a baked potato when you get on the diet after about a week.
They go to Ruth Christian have a big juicy rib eye.
They don't need any baked potato.
Let them get a little bit of a, a little bit of mushrooms on the side or some broccoli with cheese sauce on it.
What the hell do they need a baked potato for?
There you go.
I think in smoked fish dip and eat it on a, I'll give you a little secret on the smoked fish dip.
Not for me.
You don't like smoked fish.
I don't like fish.
Anything fishy.
You know that cheese spread and stuff like that is real low in carbs.
You get on, you get on, if you go to like publics and get their, their pork rinds.
Right.
The hot spicy, you know, those use that as your cracker because they have no carbs in it.
That's right.
Those, those are okay except after the first two, three bags, you know.
Get a little bit gaming your throat.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, I'll keep it up.
Great.
Have a great day.
See, there's a guy, he's a believer.
He knows it works.
I mean, staying on it, it's not easy.
Like Dr. Mark said yesterday, once you go off at boom, you just balloon back up again.
And it's not, it's not a diet.
It's what we got to do.
And it's not easy because we're addicted to sugar.
And you don't want to hear that.
You don't want to hear me get, because you can't stand here and that.
It's the goddamn truth.
You're addicted to sugar, God damn it.
I'm addicted.
I'm an addict.
How come you can come on here and talk about being an ex alcoholic.
You talk about being a former drug addict.
That's okay.
And people like they feel sorry for you.
And they, you know, you understand.
Oh, whatever.
But if you say I'm a sugar addict, they look at you.
Huh?
You know it's me.
Like that.
In fact, why don't we have a song?
Poke a branch.
You do a song.
Sugar is good for you.
The tune of beer is good for you.
Sugar is good for you.
You know, just keep sucking it down, baby.
And killing yourself.
I mean, it's okay to kill yourself.
Just ask Dr. Jack, you'll tell you.
It'd be okay.
But just know that you're doing it.
You're sacrificing your life so that all the food manufacturers can put all this stuff in a store.
All these guy-damp potato chips.
And all this other addictive crap that you can't do it.
You don't need only four or five dozen.
And all the other garbage that we stick in our bodies.
And like I've been saying for years, is there anybody out there that's got a car that's worth more than 50 bucks
that would put dog crap in their gas tank?
No.
No.
That would put water in their gas tank.
No.
But the fuel for your body, because we've been brainwashed, we've been conditioned to eating pure, unadulterated crap most of our lives.
Crap that's made somewhere in a machine that's artificially made in a machine so that it'll appeal to your taste buds.
Not that's healthy and good for you.
That keeps clogging your arteries and making you fatter and fatter and thicker and thicker.
So we can all work like Rosio Donald someday.
Name is she a pig or what?
She is not only fat, she's just a pig.
Uh-huh.
Right.
All she needs is water.
You know, they don't have those spake like the Arkansas fans.
What do they call them?
The fake pig nose is a forever band.
The hogs.
Yeah, exactly.
They should put a fake pig nose on that bitch.
Just like her oink for the whole hour that she's on it at Rosio Donald.
Jesus Christ.
What in God's name?
It goes to show again about the American housewives out there.
They're watching Oprah.
They're watching who's also, you know, like depending on which wicked is she.
Either way, three hundred or forty pounds.
What are the other from one week to the next?
And Rosanne.
And let me say it again.
That's how she could be doing a talk show.
Oh my God.
I would watch Howie Mandel before I'd watch Rosanne.
And I would like to go my brain stuff before I'd watch Howie Mandel.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Two quick points.
First of all, I just wanted to let you know why I went and purchased a farewell to God by Charles Templeton.
I just started it.
Great.
So I want to take my time reading it though because I'm just trying to absorb all of it.
Now, where did you get it?
I got it through Amazon.com.
Right.
That's the best way to say you could only get through the one eight hundred number.
Right.
And I had that went home and ordered it.
And it's pretty deep, pretty good stuff.
I encourage any of your listeners to pick it up and read it.
And then again, let me say this.
There's a guy who was one of Billy Graham's best buddies for years and years in the early days as ministers.
He was a preacher for about 500 years.
And then he suddenly realized this is all a bunch of bull crap.
Well, if he was just some, huh?
His whole point was people started asking him questions about the faith that he didn't have the answers to.
So he encouraged Billy Graham.
Let's go get educated.
And Billy said, Bill, I'm really going to do it.
Billy said, I'm making more money this way.
Exactly.
Second of all, just that.
We're not on the gambling boats.
And I mentioned to one of the people working there that they got a bad rap from the Sun Sentinel.
Right.
And the pit boss came up to me and said, oh, you listen to the O'Rodgers.
And I said, yeah, he said, well, he did a great service.
He got us a lot of business.
But yeah, look at that.
Thank you.
God bless him.
How good that.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Yeah, the evils of gambling.
Well, we hear at the Sun Sentinel believe that all your people, I don't bet on games.
You're just as interested in the odds.
It makes you weak.
You know, you have to be strong.
You have to keep like pumping yourself back up like Arnold, you know?
Because it's just where is you out?
The inanity of this town, the crap that gets written in the newspapers and set on the air.
And it's just accepted as fact, this garbage.
And then of course, we got the picture in the paper today.
There's a governor, Jebster.
Oh, yeah, where is that?
There he is.
Jebboy celebrates family, faith and friends.
All right.
There he is holding his hand about.
But you notice he's not holding it up near too high.
He's like that kind of like down here.
Like, well, kind of like wavering it.
Family, faith and friends.
Bible, thumping, phony, baloney with a circle of bigoted obnoxious friends, right wing assholes.
That's where that's him.
That's what he's all about.
He makes his daddy look like a goddamn reaving liberal.
This one.
And this time, of course, they polished up his image.
They ran him against the dead man and people said, oh, okay, I guess so.
Whatever you say.
But I will say this boy.
What's his name?
George P. his son in the background there.
Boy, he looked good, huh?
Does he look good?
Yes.
Wow.
Well, what are you smiling about?
His son happens to look real good.
By the way, Jeb, what's your son doing later on?
Oh, Jeb, you hear what that bag is saying today?
He's after George Bush, uh, uh, Jeb Bush, whatever.
He's after his son's Bush.
He's got a real good-looking Mexican, uh, whatever that kid is, whatever he's got in him.
Just like what's it, Linda?
Trip.
We don't know who the father or the mother is.
Is that kid?
You know what I'm talking about?
Little Trip's son?
No.
You've seen him 50 billion times.
He's always standing like a few feet behind.
Oh, that, like, I don't know that bitch, but I'm supposed to be your son.
Maybe he's Bill Clinton's illegitimate kid.
He's got so many running around.
They keep dredging and dredging them up all the time.
We have an open line and date one and brown.
5667-0560, 05-60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and coral spring.
Hello?
That's a million, man.
And back to you, sir.
I didn't want to say this to the marinos yet.
Yeah.
Or that you're going to be eating there this year good.
It's not about restaurant.
Is there still in business?
Open line and date into a brown.
Now, there's the QAM collar for you.
There against ladies and gentlemen.
That's the definitive QAM sports nerd.
The people that will destroy ultimately the all sports format,
the other 20 hours that end this radio station.
They're right there is the definitive one.
Is he pretty interesting?
No.
Here's a mobile in, it's like the JETS day.
And I'm sure we'll get one of those now after I said it.
You know, those are guys are pretty interesting.
No.
Mobile and Stewart.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Back to you, sir.
Hey, do we have to move out of a water?
I don't know if the top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and top and
bit heart rate of convenience.
QAMIthing Can't Not
.2 a.m.
PayPal And Rt.
PayPal Iniscency
APPLAUSE

the wonderful boy, so I had a major win, sir.
Watch the herchee highway to greet Martha Stewart.
These women lost their race, they beg, and the coveted win, they pass.
They're in her heart with no hope.
Jackson gets in mud for the dump.
Boys are the rainbow.
With your spit in that car.
Why then, as a mark?
This friend speaks to Gamer.
The man's friends won't be sizzled.
When they find out he's ain't sick, triple.
Watch his race the way a damn boy is gay.
George, George?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
George, George.
Who's that?
He's known the race track.
Lasty can the new bear.
Has the biggest fan club.
Hey, it sucks just like a Hoover.
He'll spend over for a guy in the baby.
He'll spend that he likes to home.
He's racing out his home with matches.
He'll be in heaven when he's wearing red.
Watch his race the way a damn boy is gay.
I want to blame him a bit.
You'll touch me there.
No.
It works for the monster, Mr. Burst.
Yeah!
Okay, we just got a bullet and come up.
There's a water knot.
The new general manager, the sales manager,
received the national sales manager.
Gary starter is president of operations for Beasley Broadcasting.
And who might leave it out?
I guess that's it.
That's the Atron Bridge.
Like Greg, he's taking a few weeks off.
We have two open lines in days.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and he's going to take a course in communications.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Okay, thank you.
Back at your open line in Broward to end date.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Fort Lauderdale on 6.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Is this Neil?
Is this you?
Yes, it is.
Neil, you're the best man.
I got to tell you.
Yeah.
Real man.
Neil, you should be a senator.
We would have less problems in this world.
Yes, senator Corleone, president Corleone.
Okay, get a new phone.
We have an open line in Broward another peasant of Aunt Day.
Open line in Broward to end date.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a Miami B.
Hello.
Hello.
What's wrong with these damn kids, Neil?
Hey, Neil, you always talking about like weight loss and stuff?
Hello.
I'm listening.
Oh, far.
It's going to be a short one.
I can tell, but go ahead.
Oh, short one.
No, no, no.
Well, you always talking like that.
I'm a short one.
Neil, well, you're Jewish, that's why.
Oh, hey.
I don't know.
You always talking about...
I don't know.
You're checking them out?
Check it out.
Yeah, check out mine in the mirror.
Are you Jewish?
Yeah.
And you also have a short penis?
Yeah.
Oh.
Does it still work?
Yeah, it works just fine.
Great.
There you go.
That's all I can.
Oh, no.
But I would...
I would...
Yeah.
How far do you weigh?
About five, two.
Six foot.
I weigh...
It's not too bad.
No, you know what I weigh now, though, Neil?
186.
No.
165.
Yeah.
165.
And I'm all six.
You can probably see your penis now.
I see everything, man.
I look great.
I'm all six.
I have six pads.
You can see everything.
Now, I understand, you know, your metabolism is a little slower.
You're older.
I do do a lot of exercise.
You do do, yeah.
That's probably real awesome.
As a matter of fact, I'm doing it right now.
I have to weigh about two pounds now.
Hey, but...
Yeah.
But, uh, no.
What do you try to say?
What do you...
I took that.
I did the active...
You took well.
I did the active?
Yeah.
And it's just very...
I found it very hard to stick to it.
There's no teeth and it is so hard.
You're right.
You're absolutely on target.
No, there was no teeth.
I think what I had to do was have your taste buds scraped off.
I think that would do it.
You know what?
And it's funny because I'm a junk food junk food.
But you know when I was on the Atkins, you know what I missed the most?
And what about that?
Like the fruits and the vegetables.
And I didn't even eat them that often.
Any vegetables on the Atkins?
Well, like, well, I'm talking more like...
What kind of those fruits though?
Like tomatoes of fruit, I guess.
Yeah, but you can have your tomatoes.
You can?
Uh-huh.
Well, that's what I was going to tell you for the first...
Tomatoes don't metabolize like bananas and apples and stuff like that.
Well, in two months, I lost 30 pounds.
And that was...
You got a friend that's on the Atkins.
The best way to get him all that potassium is to...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, no, I lost...
Hello.
I'm listening.
Oh, no, I lost...
Why are you so...
Why are you so... why are you so... defensive?
Oh, no, I'm not.
I'm saying hello like I'm going to hang up on you yourself.
Well, you know, because sometimes that happens.
No, I lost 30 pounds in two months.
You still haven't told us by doing what?
Yeah, I told you that.
Oh, that's why I get defensive.
Well, let's get to it.
Okay, because I was eating mostly salads.
Challenge?
That's salad.
You know what?
I was eating salads.
Maybe they spoke to me in each challenge.
Maybe that's why it talks like that.
Yeah, well, it's no but ends and the fat-free dressings and stuff.
Right.
Well, forget about fat-free.
That's what...
But they do have a great low carb man.
I forget the name of the brand.
I'll have to check it out.
It's like in a jar in the... in the... in the produce section where they have all the salad
dressings.
And the low carb...
Well, you listen to me.
People are hanging on my everyday word.
A low carb blue cheese.
And they have different... the other kinds too.
Just sensational.
And it's got like almost no carbohydrates in it.
Okay, but this... well, you know what I am saying is because...
To a slap on your shallot, yeah?
No, no.
You say it's... you say it's bruh-mice with all the fat-free garbage.
It is.
You know what?
But it worked for me.
Well, that's good.
If it works for you, gazes...
It's a little bit.
Yeah.
You want to just swim or something?
Well, do I swim?
Yeah, I think it'd be a good day to go out swimming.
Okay, I'll give it a try.
Good luck, pals.
I guess not.
Happy Zurgers.
Okay, there's a Jewish young man who can finally see his penis.
We have an open line and he's not too pleased about it.
He's not in a day five, six, seven, oh five, six,
fifty, pound five, six, the only AT&T wireless line.
He just discovered he's an underachiever.
Here's coconut grove.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you doing, man?
Great.
Hey, uh, Floon, it's great.
Maybe you had a bad experience if you ever tried it.
Oh.
But, you know, if it's...
It's only on it.
The Italian's that woman was right yesterday.
It's only on it.
It's also has got that's come on the bar.
You know, Neil, it just depends on the way some people make them.
But, you know, if... I understand, it could be like watery down.
But the ones that like normal mother makes are my great-
You know, I'm a normal mother.
Great.
You're a normal mother.
I'm a normal mother.
I'm a normal mother.
Oh, man.
It's a great one over with?
Caramel.
Oh, caramel, I thought you said something else.
Anyway, yeah.
And also, you're gonna sound like he said something else.
It sounded like...
I don't want to say.
Go ahead.
Anyway, you're talking yesterday about T-charronis.
T-charronis, yes.
T-charronis.
That's great for the acasite.
Is that related to rice, arronis?
No, no.
Hey, I've heard...
What is it?
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
I mean, how many pork rinds can you eat?
There's so dry it leaves you gasping for oxygen.
No, when I was doing the acasite.
That was my lunch, you know?
Nothing.
That and the caffin for the daco.
Did they want the real stuff, not the bag stuff?
No, that's...
It's completely different.
I mean, you can even compare it.
T-charronis, maybe somebody will bring me something.
I will.
I will.
Great.
Listen, um...
You know the complaints of people calling about that...
Sound on the radio?
Uh-huh.
Have you ever heard it just so?
No.
Do you want to hear it?
Because I have it on a tape.
Okay.
Okay, listen to this.
Yo.
Huh.
Did you hear that?
Oh, my God.
I mean, and tape on the ear?
It's on the ear, man.
And it happened today like, it's not.
See, now that you mentioned on today of all days...
That I'm so disenchanted with this goddamn Mickey Mouse place...
Where everything is so bum fork, man.
Why go with these people making...
Ever to be a real goddamn radio station?
Why won't they make a commitment?
Get these people some good equipment...
And stop trying to poach get around me?
This, this is a joke.
And it happened so...
I'm still a bit of...
I'm still a bit of a bit of a joke on this, uh...
But I will take the money, but I'm embarrassed.
Hey, can I call someone to do it back?
Go ahead Frank. You're a major do it back.
Okay bring me some cheetah Roni.
I will guys. I'll leave it here.
We have an open line and what do you smile at about?
I'll try a cheetah Roni, huh?
And a papi of Rooney.
I do like my papi Rooney.
It's a nine and a half year or one at five six.
It was a one my guy.
I guess I'm not going to get anything.
Per lunch.
She wants.
Well, I mean, you tried to pedal me that piece of
a life salty, a slimy meat.
Yeah, it sucked. Sorry.
I don't want your salty slimy meat.
Okay, Mr. Jesus Christ.
Those are big things.
But it Jesus.
Oh man.
Oh, it's just being a scrub.
Look at me.
I'm sick.
I just might be bored of health care or something.
Oh man.
What am I going to do?
My brain is so small.
I can't decide.
I'm feeling bad.
I'm bad alone.
And I get too myself.
I thought I could.
Me.
Look me off.
I'm on my way.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I can do no.
I can't do no.
I can use fuel.
I can use fuel.
I can use fuel.
And when I am connected with a motorcycle.
This is really easy.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
This is a section five and eight.
Okay.
This is a section five and eight.
Well 16 to 5 60 gives down.
I'm devastated over that default business,
you know. But first I thought I was about enjoining it.
but in a depot business. I mean it wasn't bad enough to rumor thing, okay? It took forever,
remember, it took about like four or five years for him to finally come to grips with that.
And from the sound of that tape I played before, he still hasn't come to grips with it.
And now this rickian suds thing, how could you need paranoid of Rick Wiley, okay? I mean,
being paranoid of Rimmer, that's embarrassing. But being paranoid of Rick Wiley?
Come on. Come on, D-fo. Lighten up a little bit, will you? I'm losing God damn weight.
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello?
Any on?
Yes.
And you're feeding your dog to give it the crap.
What am I feeding it? Dog food. Dog food generally makes dogs...
Crap, there you go. Try it. We have an open-line in Broward, 5667, 0560, 0560,
on the AT. Maybe with the ground glass that might have done it.
Here's a mobile in four-later day. Hello?
Happy New Year, Neil.
Same to you. I'm concerned about your dog look.
I know what area you live in, I'm at. Is the dog on university drive?
Is the dog on university drive?
Yeah, right at the corner there. He's running around in traffic on the corner,
so I'm always university.
What does that mean?
Is that the animal hospital you brought him to?
I'm not going to tell anybody where the animal hospital is. I brought him to.
He's somewhere out there in plantation.
What difference does it make?
Well, there's a female veterinarian in your area. I know we are.
Yeah.
I'm just going to suggest that you get a second opinion because she's awful.
A second opinion. I'm worried about your dog.
A second opinion. No, you're not.
Yes, I am. No, you're not. I mean, how do you...
A second opinion about what?
Well, whatever she tells you, I would suggest you get a second opinion.
Yeah.
I brought in two dogs and two days and got two misdiagnoses.
Yeah, I've had misdiagnoses at this place before too,
and I know that it was... I had no choice.
And they changed vets like McDonald's employees.
Right, that's the one.
Is that the one that I'm talking about?
Yes.
And it's a female veterinarian.
Well, they got female, they got male, they got some two sure about.
They got all kinds of like you said.
They changed like we change underwear every day.
Right. Right.
Every week.
Well, I think I know she is.
I just wasn't very happy on them and the dog doesn't...
Well, I was real unhappy last time.
I went there a few months ago and we'll see what happens this time.
Right. Well, maybe...
Maybe it just won't work out.
Okay, thanks a lot.
In fact, this morning, when after I cleaned up that mess,
I see I know right where to take him.
Two open lines in Broward.
Five sticks, it's called getting even.
Five sticks, seven, oh five, 60, and pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless.
He's kind of like Polly.
Remember Polly?
Oh, we'll see him no more.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
Listen, my dog has the exact same problem he always did.
I mean, this is not the first time my dog has had bloody stool, okay?
So this was horrendous.
Basically, my dog ate a lamboan and it like scraped its way out.
Yeah.
Through the intestine, I do.
Yeah.
And it's just been a lot of money and basically the doctor said,
well, it'll be okay.
So, I just want to let you know.
I don't know.
I don't know if I can do it.
I don't know if I can do it.
I don't know if I can do it.
Well, there's a line there somewhere.
I know.
Okay, thanks.
We have an open line in day two and Brad, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're rolling along, singing the song.
People are worried about my dog's problem, which is very nice.
Because like I said yesterday, people who aren't dog lovers are real assholes,
especially people that are obsessed with cats.
You walk into a house and people that like ferrets, I mean, let me ask you something.
Does a ferret in a little box like a cat?
Where does a ferret?
Besides anywhere it wants.
No, seriously.
Rick, where does a ferret do its business?
I say I don't understand.
There's so many like reasonable pets.
I mean, we don't all have to be the same.
It's like the vanilla ice cream thing.
Maybe dogs and cats are boring, parakeets, cockatoo, whatever.
But I mean, a ferret for a, I don't know, a weasel?
Here is Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, man?
Okay, man.
How's everything going?
Okay.
Hey, you know what?
You hung up on me before, but yeah.
Okay.
Open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
How about that?
It worked again.
Didn't it, did it work again, sir?
Uh-huh.
Good.
I'm about to work for you.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
I'm with that guy about the flan.
As if you haven't tasted, you know, flan from different bakeries or...
Yeah.
I mean, I mean, I think...
Well, first of all, flan is loaded with sugar anyway.
So the last thing in the world, I need to be eaten, be flan.
Well, I made two for the holidays with cream cheese.
Yeah.
Oh, the best.
Nice.
Firm, no oozing.
No oozing.
No nothing went.
I mean, awesome.
Yeah.
And to that guy, he says that you're always talking about black people.
Maybe you should put on that, uh,
Garnel learned to spell.
Oh, he did.
So he can learn how to spell.
Okay.
Have a great day, Pat.
Whatever you be saying, P-H-A-T.
That would be the thing.
We have an open line in a date, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And the guy that before with that secluded thing about the veterinarian,
you know, I mean, what am I going to do?
Am I going to take off from work today and run around, hop around from vet to vet
and see what, I mean, what are you going to do?
You go to a place where you've been before and even though you were a little,
you know, dubious at times, you hope for the best.
And if not, uh, okay, where we go.
Here's, uh, here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First, I'd like to ask you for two things.
First, there's a request.
No.
God is it be good?
No.
Second thing, no, no request.
Second thing, uh, I'm doing what I've talked about.
You know, of a method where you could eliminate weight loss,
probably for the rest of your life.
If you're, if you follow it in a discipline, I don't know how you do that.
You do a Dr. Jack.
Well, I'm talking about why your heart's still beating.
Yes.
The key is, uh, adding a sufficient amount of water to the food that you eat.
And I know that you're a lot of, like your steak,
you pour a lot of water into the steak.
How do you do?
You pour the water in your mouth while you're eating the steak or just after.
Pour the water in your mouth while you're eating the steak.
Okay.
So let me envision this.
I got a, a big,
sportful, delicious, juicy, uh,
ribeye from Rootscris.
And I put that on out and then before I chew it.
No, no, not before you chew it.
Yeah.
You chew it.
You enjoy the flavor.
You swallow it.
Yeah.
And then a little bit of water.
Because in nature, our systems are designed.
It's the most ludicrous thing I have ever.
Oh, here we go.
I know you're a logical guy.
No, no, no.
It's not logic.
There is no logic to it.
I have to.
There is no logic.
I drink water with all my meals and it doesn't do,
have any effect on losing weight.
In fact, there are many people who say you shouldn't drink water
with you.
You shouldn't drink very much beverage at all with your meals.
You should drink it between meals.
Think about how processed.
If it got nothing to do with thinking, okay?
I'm just telling you, you can't, uh,
making water will not make you lose weight, okay, sir.
It will not,
another four Myers call.
Okay, another guy, he may have got lost on the road to Arcadia.
Get back on road 70 or whatever it is up there and, uh,
get to the joint where that before it's too late.
Two open lines in date, five, six, seven,
oh, five, they're all experts, baby.
No matter what I say, I don't know nothing.
They're all experts.
They got the answer.
Take a lot of water, okay?
Pour it on you and you're a post-port in your rectum.
And just have a great time.
You lose weight.
It'll just melt off just like that guy would
he had in the paper today.
It is a pilt, pilt, he's peddling.
Here's a mobile in the Hylia.
Hello.
O'Neill.
Yes, sir.
Uh, speaking about nasty animals,
fared from the nasty animals on the first.
Yeah.
In.
Never grew.
Okay, get a new phone.
Call me back.
Okay, with a ferret report.
He said that ferrets are the most obnoxious,
disgusting, uh, piece of crap.
That's, you limit eighth of flames.
That's what they were sent in Pittsburgh last night.
We have an open line in date one and broiled.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neill, how you doing?
That question for you.
How could I get a copy of that Gordon's case
on you just said on you?
Can you do it?
No.
No.
Oh man, I want to buy that.
I got a friend that needs to hear that.
Yeah.
I'm fat too.
And?
Well, drink a lot of water when you're, uh, talking to your death
Gordon pictures.
Uh, I mean flash Gordon pictures.
We have two open lines in bar.
Sorry about that, Joe Castello.
It's flash Gordon.
Open line in power.
5 6 7 0.
Joe is not speaking to us today since I played that.
In fact, I played it twice today because it was a mildly amusing.
I thought Joe is not speaking.
He's a boy cutting the show.
He was that.
He's out in the hallway with Josh Friedman.
No, I'm poor Connie.
Oh, okay.
Are you disturbed by that?
No, it's funny, actually.
I thought so.
I knew you wouldn't be disturbed.
Not if you know what's good for you.
Okay, we have two open lines in Robert 5 6 7 0 5 6.
He don't care.
I mean, once we get the new studio up there, he's going to be working on
Hanck shows with I.
That's the room where I'm.
And that's the popular room where I'm here.
Isn't that true?
No.
No, seriously, I hear that he's fighting Niff and Tuck with all the other guys over there
to produce that Goldberg show.
No, it's the room where I'm here.
No, no.
Here's plantation.
Hello?
Plantation.
There's definitely somebody on this phone.
Can you hear it?
Can you hear somebody?
Oh, I heard it.
You'll be there in plantation.
Is this just the waste of everybody's time?
Like I said, waste of everybody's time.
Two open lines in Howard 5 6 7 0 5 6 8,
Tom 5 6 8, that was probably my vet.
Here's the mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello?
Yeah, me.
Yes, sir.
I just heard that they announced that they had settled in B.A.
Strike.
Yeah, they had to play or spoke.
They spoke.
Yeah, and they anticipate starting to see
and he's speaking for the players association.
Yes, they will definitely start the season between four weeks in a month.
Uh-huh.
Well, he left out the turd.
There's four in the turd, the weeks in a month.
Right.
So he just left out the, uh, you turd.
The turd.
So I just thought I'd mention that.
Okay, I'll be thanking you very much.
Two billion dollars in aggregate payroll and four weeks in a month.
And thank God we don't care.
Yes, we do.
Okay.
We don't care.
Go away, NBA.
We don't care.
Take your balls and uh,
go hide them somewhere.
We don't care.
Make believe season because you want the money
and you didn't have any principle in the first place
and you lied right up.
So they took it right out of the way
and then they caved in like a goddamn old Vicky roof.
Just caved right in because we'd be wanting the money.
Maybe we got to put the bread on the table.
Got to put the bread on the table.
Come on.
By the way, we're going to be replaying that
to interview with Edger and James later on.
126 at 560 WQA.
A great way to sample next great cigars
is to join them at the annual Miami big smoke.
George is going to be there.
It's hosted by cigar fishing out.
Or George gets in free.
You don't, by the way.
It's being held on January 12.
That's next Tuesday from seven to 10 p.m.
At the grand ballroom of Los Miami Beach.
Now, is this a dress?
It sounds like a real dressy thing.
Um, yes.
Yes.
Now you're going to get a tux for this?
No, no, no.
I have a tux jacket.
Yeah.
Just where it's happening.
You were one?
A tie.
Just a tie.
George will be there naked with a tie.
The night features complimentary cigars, food wine,
and spirits, the big smoke always sells out.
So call for tickets today.
It's a New York number.
212-4810-330.
212-4810-330.
When you call up there in New York,
ask if the garbage is still all over the street.
That's not all of the street.
Is it?
No.
I really juliennig cleaned it up big time, baby.
All right, ladies and gentlemen,
the band is ready on the count of three.
One, two, three.
From the grand scene, course, not women,
no guns, no bars, where we all play.
We are right and breathe tight,
school, battle, no fools who are
and I get it.
Short hair for what we grow up to,
as we strive on our rubber.
We declare to all old women
that we will get in our midst.
Our houses are all humming.
Our backs are resourced.
All right, ladies and gentlemen,
we are right and breathe tight,
school, battle, no guns, no bars.
We declare to all old women
that we will get in our midst.
We declare to all old women
that we will get in our midst.
Excuse me, soldier.
Are you from Rotor-Rudor, or just happy to say me?
132 at 560, WQM.
Open line of day, boy, these are guards are great,
but once you start eating them,
560 7.05, 60 and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yeah, I wonder where you have against old people.
Against why?
Old people.
Are you an old people?
Well, I'm 78 years young.
Yeah.
You only talk about old people.
You're not old.
You're a song of phony with a phony accent.
You're not old.
Where time I spoke?
You say, what bus from the Bronx did I get off?
Yeah, what bus did you get off?
I did it.
I get back on and go back there.
We don't mind old people just if they're from the Bronx.
Thanks, Chuck.
Chuck from the sub-center, just brought me into Great Lunch.
Thank you so very much and I have guns, by the way.
Little meatball action there, little cheese,
little onions, not too much.
Open line in Broward, 2 in date,
560 7.05, 60, 0.5, 60,
see when you have no material,
you make a fake call.
Like that one right there with a real bad accent.
He wouldn't know the Bronx if they said
I'm loose right in third base at the Yankee Stadium.
He still wouldn't know where the hell he was.
Even if a Freddie Prince showed up.
Freddie's gonna be showing up.
No.
Here's Belgrade.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm calling from beautiful Belgrade.
Well, I'm sorry.
The sugar capital of the world.
Uh-huh.
Did you know that?
Yes.
Well, I really just want to go there, man.
You're killing us.
You're killing us.
No, no, I have nothing to do with it.
I was born and raised in West Palm.
Yeah.
And I just transferred over here.
Look, I said they're killing us.
I made the mistake a couple of months ago.
Oh, saying something bad about sugar here in my office.
Mm-hmm.
They thought they thought they gave me a blanket party.
You know what that is, right?
I said, yeah.
Also, my second thing I want to tell you about.
Yeah.
The guy that wrote that song about Gordon
was Dale Earnhardt.
And Dale Earnhardt.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have an ODOKI at the Jocuz Delo all been on the shape.
He just barely hanging on by his toenails right now.
And if he starts cheering this other stuff,
he just won't be able to handle it.
Two open lines in date, 600 open lines in date,
4000 open lines in date,
or wherever the hell they are,
I have no idea where they're coming from.
They're coming from all over the goddamn place,
including some real wackos there in a West Coast.
I feel so bad for our listeners over on our West Coast
because the people who call in here,
if they really live over there with you,
like I said, that's a reason enough to feel real bad for you.
5, 6, 7, 8, and then of course you got the beesleaves to deal with.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 60,
Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Just like you see, that dinner,
you know what that dinner was?
That dinner Ruth Chris with Greg and his wife and that whole bit.
You know what that was?
That was a substitute for talking about getting an 800 line
to the West Coast people for really doing anything,
like equipment wives, phone system wives,
any ready-watt wives, any kind of a wise.
That was a substitute.
Did it work?
No.
I mean, it was a nice social thing.
It was delicious.
It was very nice.
I didn't have to pay for it,
which is a miracle, by the way,
unless they pick up the tab themselves.
That was very nice.
It was a pleasant evening.
What does it substitute in any way,
shape or form from doing business?
No.
See, they don't get that here.
It's like not in their vocabulary.
Doing business.
Here's a lady in Pompano.
Hello.
How are you?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Um, a patient talking to you.
So far.
You were asking about fur.
It's earlier.
I have one and I have to tell you that it's an
pile of crap.
And uh, no.
In other words, if you like crap,
this is a pet for you.
So I got nice parts here.
Well, a lot of people like crap.
Okay, she must like it because she's got one.
She said,
although I forgot to ask you if they, uh,
did they, uh,
if they have their own litter box?
You think they do their crap in a litter box?
Well, we'll find out.
We have an open line and it's the Henrik Riley's house.
They got fur.
They just do it right on the living room floor.
And of course, after we go to the library
after in Boka, he don't smell it at difference.
Because she, I don't understand that business
about how everybody knows that woman that the, uh,
Boka library, I don't get that.
I mean, it's just what are the odds that they,
whether or what, what,
they're four million people more than that here in South Florida.
And the odds of my coming on the year thing,
I heard Rickon said talking about a smelly,
a homeless lady who hangs out with the library in Boka.
And then you're telling me that your wife knows her,
knows of her.
You're not.
Well, why do you,
that makes you sound like their friends or something.
She's the home she has once with your wife every week.
They, what do you mean with the wife?
She's found the house.
Yeah, at the house.
Then one of the old ones.
She used to work at the Boka library.
In fact, that's why George had a move.
She used to come by the house for lunch and they had a
fume again.
Yeah.
So why don't they take her out?
Why can't they clean her up or bathe her or something?
Why don't they put a shower in there in the library?
They've had meetings about this.
They can have a power shower.
The family that reads together.
Showers together.
Isn't that the way it works?
Huh?
Yes.
Yeah.
What's wrong with that?
Put a goddamn shower in it.
It'll solve the problem.
Get her some damn clothing in there.
But he never will cough up the money in the, uh,
take care of her.
He's real worried about the homeless.
All those good charities that he's donating so heavily, but, by the way,
thanks very much for all the great articles, all the coverage, all around town,
the newspapers, TV stations, the arrangers, races over 150 grand for
someone.
Was there one word?
No.
Anything anywhere?
No.
Thank you very much.
Not that we expected it, but thanks for living up to our expectations
because you're useless.
No stress, seguir al bao, podar de cuerta a me reloos.
Friends, how much did you spend on beef jerky last year?
$10,000, $20,000?
Well, your digestive troubles are over with a revolutionary new jerky mate.
Yes, for the price of a cup of coffee and the cost of our machines,
you could be ready to make pounds in pounds of the less low fat, limited edition,
bipartisan, mock beef jerky by product.
For five simple payments of just a few low monthly installments of merely the amount of
money being asked by us for you to pay for this fine product, plus shipping and handling
and state and local sales tax plus delivery costs, you could be only a couple short payments
away from being in the early stages of financing what is guaranteed to be a simulated food
stuff that will stay in your family even longer than the beef jerky stays in your
gallant.
How does it work?
Well, back all explained in our e-field, I'll follow 75 pages, low calorie Japanese instruction manual.
Just call 1-800 jerky me and you'll be the pride of your bowling league.
Hey, how's Ron Popeel doing, baby?
Oh, I have never ever seen the one for the dehydrated with the jerky.
Have you ever seen one of my favorites?
I'm not sure whether I like to pasta make or the best.
The one that's got that stuff oozing out, you know, the red and the green and the yellow
and people are like gagging the audience and falling all over each other
and he does it with a straight face.
Oh yeah, you can make jerky jerky and then the cross-eyed bits sits on there.
Oh yeah, wow, look at that.
Where's the money, Ron?
Here's Hi, Leah.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Great.
1999 starting kind of slow, eh?
It's, you know, what it is.
And it's what it is for this time.
Listen, the almost personal fitness trainer.
Yeah.
In three years, I bought that whole story with a low fat diet.
I prescribed it to people.
I've worked with athletes.
I've worked with a lot of junior guys in junior hockey and Canada, you know,
developing for the NHL.
Yeah.
For years, I believe in that.
James James worked a lot of those junior guys.
Yeah, he sure did.
Unfortunately, when he downed, he worked them out.
Yeah, he should did.
Yeah.
But I heard of your show when I moved down here and it was just about the time
when you started talking about the ad-counter diet.
I remember about the book.
I tried it on myself.
I tried it on a couple clients.
They were really, really overweight.
Let me tell you, I swear by it.
I do not prescribe a low fat high carb diet to anybody.
I don't care who they are.
It just doesn't work.
It's your way to kill somebody.
I'll guarantee you that.
Well, I believe it sure.
You're right.
Put them right on the road to heart disease with that low fat high carb.
It's a bunch of crap.
Yeah.
Listen, one quick question.
I caught the other day that bit with a guy from Simon to the lamp.
Yeah.
Is that something that Phil Henry did or is that something that, you know,
I don't believe you're not Phil Henry did not do that.
Honey, like that.
I found this one.
It is.
You have a chance.
You know, I'd like to hear it again because I only caught the tail end of it.
It was funny.
You know, we didn't play that today.
I didn't hear it today.
This is Debbie.
Hello, hi, Debbie.
I'm an inter-sudent getting through operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
And I was wondering if it's a tummy tuck
and lip augmentation cosmetic compress surgery placed there for all of these things.
Uh-huh.
You're just wondering.
More like a star with.
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done, but I know what they would do right away.
The lotion in the basket.
How much?
5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the limbs stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first
in the upon looking actually.
We can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
If you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Okay.
You put mommy up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
Okay.
Put the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and nipple like like,
Bill,
it puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to put the lotion in the basket?
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in the time.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
145 in front.
Now, what do you mean that's on there so long at the end?
What does that mean?
That you're not going to put on the original.
It just went on and on and on and then clunked.
Oh yeah.
That's some nice logical ending.
Oh, I see.
Now, did Phil have you do that?
That's it.
No.
Are you sure?
Two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy to you.
Happy Wednesday.
In a long time since I talked to you.
But I let you know.
I still like Rick Riley.
There you go.
I have to go.
Now, I feel, I feel,
I'm going to take it a pull.
Maybe we'll do it tomorrow.
I should have taken because I feel really bad if you believe
that about this.
D-fold thing because he's taking this very personally
and it's business and he's taking it personal.
And it's obvious he's all bent out of shape.
I mean, Rick and Suds, I've worked with him for years.
And not everybody who listens to the Neil Rogers show
listens to the rest of the station.
That's obvious.
And so for people who don't listen to the worst team,
I thought it would be okay to mention they're like Rick and Suds
who are about here at 9.40 in the morning.
It's a stupid talk between six and 10 a.m.
And they need some help because queer channel is cheap
and they'll give him any promotion.
And what's wrong with that?
But D-fold is psychotic about it.
So it's vital.
D-fold is doing all right.
He's over at Shlomys right now,
giving away free hockey take.
Probably.
Probably another one of his 85 gigs that he's got going.
I think so.
But anyways, one to call you say,
we're still here listening.
And I just want to call one of my good friends.
One of your good friends at Duschback.
Yeah.
Hey, stand up if you're listening.
You're a Duschback.
Now, let me ask you before you go.
Now, what about the stock reports on the Rick and Suds show?
I don't listen to them all the time.
Okay, have a good say.
That was a diplomatic way of saying,
does he want to hear them?
No.
No, we don't.
We want to cut it out.
Rick, stop doing that.
We can't stand it.
Open line in, Brian.
It's just so it doesn't fit in.
It doesn't fit in.
It's like turning on Dr. Laura
and hearing her talk about bloody diarrhea.
Jay said, just doesn't fit in.
They show you, expect you're about bloody diarrhea.
And you did for my thanks to my little dogs.
Thanks, tiny.
One open line is aid one in power.
The Hank Goldberg show from Shulah's to a clock this afternoon.
As we get approaching that big sports weekend,
baby, you fired up in the NBA.
They settled a deal.
You said it about that.
No, good.
We're not.
We're not infected.
They cancel everything after the super bowls over.
Cancel everything except the NHL.
And then we can calm down a little bit.
I'll be happy.
Talk about important things like bloody diarrhea.
Here's the mobile in Key West.
Tell us.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
My name is Juan Carlos.
Yes, sure.
Okay, we have open line,
a day one in power.
Find all the little spics, man.
You know, you make such a tremendous contribution to this show.
Maybe it's a reflection of the great contribution
that you've made to this community.
You think there's any a similarity there?
Uh-huh.
We're always hearing about what?
That was going to stick.
The hell it wasn't.
That was a redneck spick.
Juan Carlos.
That was a redneck spick from the southern part of Cuba.
That's right.
He was from the deep south.
Hey, listen, we got problems with your people on this show.
We've had a rift.
We've had a stake driven between us.
I think it's one of those Palomino stakes.
We're in between us and all of our Hispanic friends out there
who are closet list news out there.
Because God forbid anybody should know
they wasn't doing that.
Not a corner on the radio, huh?
Let's take a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Mobile in Pompano.
Hey, now.
Yes, sir.
Question for you.
What's the story of any news on Pazte?
For me, there was no story and there was no news.
No news.
No.
And you think it's pretty soon something
that would have something that would have to happen.
Yeah, I'm just wondering because with the Canadians
losing a hack in now for a while
and I don't know if they were still shopping.
Because I mean, they need to go back.
Oh, did the hack get hurt?
They need to go.
Yeah.
I didn't see that.
Well, if they had up on the Panther game last night,
they were saying hack is that injured.
Well, maybe that opens up the door a month, you're all again.
I mean, do you think that he'd want to play there?
He's from Quebec.
He's a frog.
He'd fit in there.
But of course, there's a lot of pressure there.
But he's used to that.
But the Canadians need desperate help.
They're out there and they're out there in big trouble.
They're not going to make the playoffs.
But you're about to need serious help.
Is the coaching job there on the wire too?
No, sure.
The general manager, Ray John Ool, you won't be seeing him no more.
He's going to sleep with the fishes with the what's his name?
He'll be able to manage the varcher of the gun
out of long time ago.
Well, that's the way it goes.
They leave their habit of big year.
It's all like counts.
Yeah, like this week.
Do you think that would be the change in the conference
or the fact that they got the curse?
Well, what do you mean the change in the conference?
I'm mostly a win.
I'm like the most of the list.
Will you listen to me?
Most of their wins are against the Western conference.
They're 14, 2 and 1 against the West.
In fact, they're probably wishing they would have stayed in the West
right now that have 70 points.
Oh, I didn't know the record was so high in the West.
Yeah, the Western conference, they've swept the toy three games.
They beat Phoenix 5 to 2.
They're killing the West, baby.
Great.
Well, you just got to learn to play a little bit
against those boring trap teams in Easton.
They'll be okay.
That's all right.
All right.
Thanks, 3D and Paul.
Okay, have a great day.
All right.
See you around, eh?
We have an open line at Broward 2 and 8,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
0.5, 60 on the prestigious AT&T wireless line.
Where do you find Hank Goldberg?
Right where you got it?
Sports radio 560 QAM.
He's down on your hand to me and lick my boots.
Hi, this is Janet Jackson,
and my new album sucks.
So I've got one of those here.
You got that coffee, huh?
See!
As I said in music,
I love coffee animals.
See!
See, caffin, be back at.
That's why I'm opening up my chain
of coffee animal places called
Starbucks.
See!
Starbucks.
Starbucks.
We've secretly replaced Janet's coffee
with piping hot,
folder's crystals.
One, you got those gloves on?
See!
