ROLL!
We just have to pretend we haven't opened.
What do you mean?
We'll be gone computers down.
The computer is down.
Let me try this way.
How about a free display?
ROLL! ROLL! ROLL! ROLL!
I'm sick.
For not though.
The new QAMI port Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil, call 5600-00560-Toll-Free,
money in Broward, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anything.
Let anyone else call it.
Not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
Beasley Read Acquisitions, or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QAM.
Why are you airing shit like this?
Hey guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind?
When she asks,
and he says, making the bed,
well now you can, with a Mr. Hanky Message Service.
Hello?
Howdy, ho!
I hear that you're having a little weight problem.
You mean that's right.
You've got more kids than a Chinese phone bug.
What the fuck are you talking about?
With a Mr. Hanky Message Service,
you can get it all off your chest.
And she'll never even know it to you.
My gosh, you're having these things.
I can smell it all the way over here.
You little munch.
Girl, tell you you piece of shit.
If her ass is getting big, let her know.
Call 1-800-Hanky-Watt.
All right.
OK, 10-0-2-5-60-WQAM.
I got most of my throat back, I think.
I have to take it off Friday.
I think that episode we had here on Thursday with...
Roll!
...it kind of went over the ages as far as being out sick on Friday.
Anyway, if that didn't make me sick enough,
wait until you hear this letter that I got.
This is how I start my week here at Greg Reads Playground.
Yeah, we're not no longer calling this QAM,
by the way, it's Greg and his playmates.
That's what this place is all about.
So I get this letter this morning that starts out.
I mean, it is glowing and glowing and beautiful.
I don't want to embarrass you, Sherry and Boko, OK?
I don't want to embarrass you too much by reading this letter on the ear.
That's f***ing bitch.
Yeah.
In fact, this is right on the heels.
Was this Saturday?
Saturday yesterday.
The arts in leisure, I guess, must have been the Saturday and the Sun Sentinel.
To the arts and letters section, which I didn't even know that they got letters to the editor of that.
But anyway, so there's three letters in a row from North Burgundy, New Jersey,
one from Boko, and one from a lady in Denton, Texas,
all raving about Luis Miguel.
I'm thinking, hey, this is pretty interesting.
How did I actually fall on this?
All around the country, all over the world,
people are suddenly discovering there's one guy with the greatest force in the world.
Which I've been telling you for 15 years now, and that's Luis Miguel.
So now I get this letter.
You better hold on.
You better fasten your seat belts for this, OK?
OK.
OK.
It's addressed to Neil God Rogers.
Dear Neil, I'm a female and I'm an avid fan of yours.
I'm 43 in a pharmaceutical representative for a major pharmaceutical company.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
As a result, maybe too much drugs.
Maybe that's your problem, sweetheart, Sherry.
As a result, I spent a lot of time in my car and listened to a lot of radio.
I sure hope you're listening now, sweetheart.
I started listening to you back in the days of the bird,
and although I'm not a sports fan, you're so witty and clever that I even enjoy listening to you talk about sports.
I go crazy over that moronic giggle, meaning, I guess.
Yeah.
I, however, or maybe it was maybe that's it, that we stole from American Sons.
I, however, felt this compelling need to write you to let you know how much I agree with your musical taste.
How do you like that?
Yes, I do have a 13-year-old daughter, a niece that I'm in love with,
and this order, number one, back street boys, number 298 degrees, but I re-elect them as well.
We go to every concert, and if those obnoxious screaming girls, not my daughter or niece, of course, would stop screaming,
I might be able to even hear them.
I mean, I love what we're doing.
I'm important to say what's the other side of the coin.
Not up, howie.
Neil, although I love the back street boys, the object of my true musical desires lies with Luis Miguel.
When I hear his voice, I'm melt.
I started listening to him seven years ago when I decided I wanted to learn Spanish.
I'm a Jewish female.
Oh, now we get to it.
Oh, although I only claim the culture not to religion.
I teach my children to be good people, not good Jews, and becoming more and more atheist each day.
You feel the suction from this letter?
I have to, I'm holding both sides of the chair just so nothing gets sucked out of the seat, okay?
That's how much suction there is in this letter so far.
None of my peers know who he is, meaning Luis Miguel.
He's the most talented singer I've ever heard, and would put Ricky Martin to shame if he would ever cross over to English.
I feel a special connection to you because of Luis Miguel.
Not to mention I have a weakness for Latin men.
Even I'm assuming sucking up the George a little bit with that part of it.
Now comes the best part, okay?
Have you followed this so far?
This great glowing, glowing letter?
On the 14th, meaning of course this past Saturday, I'm going to a very out of the way,
ticket master location to get, tickets for the Bastard Boys concert.
So I have a better chance of getting good seats.
Now here comes the good part.
Strap yourselves in, hold on tight.
We were thrown into a melting pot.
Neil, if there's any way of getting good seats for the concert myself, my daughter and niece,
I would donate time and money to the Humane Society.
We are very active in this cause as I perform I retired Greyhounds to many people I have to interact with.
You would also be making two young girls grateful to you forever.
Do I care about young girls?
No.
I don't even care.
I don't care about young anybody.
I hate kids.
Okay sweetheart?
That's true.
What are you laughing about?
I don't like little kids, okay?
Girls of any age and boys end of the age of, what's legal here?
On to the age of 18.
We are very active in this cause as I perform I retire.
They are really great kids involved empathetic with one great love, the Backstreet Boys, in the capital letters of course.
If you could help me.
No.
No.
No.
If you could help me.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
If you could help me.
No.
I would also be forever grateful and would give back in whatever way I could.
I also never stole a freight train.
With affection, Sherry, I'll spare her the embarrassment.
I won't read the last name on a year even though it's written here which I'd be too embarrassed.
But I guess we couldn't have gotten her those tickets without the last name.
Sherry who lives in Boka, who leaves her phone number, her voice mail number, her shoe size, her breath size, her Beckham size, which is growing by the second now I understand.
Is this unbelievable or what?
Jesus Christ!
How many times over the years have you heard me say we almost never hear from women.
But all I got into is hint like today I was talking about the day I joked about the dolphin tickets.
And that guy in the car calls and puts his freaking wife on the phone and she's sucking and sucking sound like the voice of experience to me.
So I was like, hey, suckin' heavy duty.
And then all of a sudden, well you know we are big dolphin fans.
Yeah, good. Go buy some goddamn tickets.
What I saw of the tape from that exhibitionist game there were plenty of empty seats in that joint boy.
You could have gone bowling at PP Park to see that debacle.
This letter in my hand right now, this epitomizes by 23 years in this town.
In fact, no, it epitomizes the town, not just my ears, it epitomizes this whole town.
What can you give us for free?
And even though she's only 43, she'll be a great senior citizen from Desoan, Sherry.
A Yenta in training.
Another old fart ready to hop whatever you got for free.
She's ready to take the sweet and low.
She's ready to take the silverware.
She wants the goddamn tickets for her two young girls.
Is she gonna get it?
No.
She's gonna get it all right.
No.
But no tickets.
The worst letter in the history of broadcasting there was right there.
After two paragraphs of sucking and using my lines and my material and sucking and sucking and sucking and sucking already.
Jesus Christ almighty, there ought to be a law.
And that did that there.
Exactly.
Whatever the hell that means.
What does that mean?
And I'll put her stuck in there.
Exactly.
God.
I'd rather have a back in the studio.
And I'd rather blow his brains out and have that happen again.
Then read a letter like that to start my week.
Nice going, Sherry.
Come in here with a scratchy throat, getting my health back a little bit after a nasty cold.
And I gotta read another, I want it letter.
I'm gonna say I have to 10 to 5, 60 WQM.
By the way, bluff air conditioning in this car went out on Saturday.
Isn't that ashamed?
Everybody, uh, how about that?
There's a fight, Greg.
There's a fight.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You move her out the moonlight.
And I think it's gonna see you long on time before my fight will only once in time.
You're not only the collection, but oh, no, no, no.
It's a rocket man.
You're on the hit track.
It's a rocket man.
Or it's where I'm at.
Oh, God.
And no think it's gonna let me once in time.
No.
And no think it's gonna let me once in time.
I'm actually taking up a collection for sure.
So if you can get some back food boy tickets for that pain in the ass daughter,
and these are then we can take up a collection for Elton.
What do you say?
Come on, let's go.
Anyway, Joe Costello, I wasn't here Friday.
It was out sick.
So we had one of those best updates.
But Joe Costello and JP, who did long departed JP, damn it, took us to dinner at the macaroni grill on Friday at Thursday night.
And it was pretty damn good.
It was excellent.
The only negative about that place.
The food was very, very good.
The only, and they paid.
How do you like that?
Here's this story, ladies and gentlemen.
Joe Costello and JP picked up the tab for the time in my life and recent memory that anybody schleppers like that and picked up the tab.
And JP's back in Gainesville safely now.
Didn't get a chance to kiss him goodbye here on Friday.
It was very distraught all Friday.
I think, oh, geez, another one gets away.
The only bad thing about the macaroni grill up there at University in Broward in Plantation.
I'm sure they're all over the place, aren't they?
They have other ones down here.
The only negative is that, why is it that places like this feel that they, well, first of all, the one negative.
And he was okay, but it was Jose with the waiter, some old spick.
I mean, yeah, and an Italian restaurant.
And JP is saying, well, I'll have to pull you.
And I said, no, no, it's polvo, not polio.
Don't start.
And of course, Jose says, see, see, that polio.
Yeah, get out of here, Jose.
You're a good guy, but stop on the espagno and Italian joint.
But the real negative was they want to put on the musical entertainment.
I don't know about you.
Maybe I'm crazy.
When I go into a good restaurant, I want to eat.
I don't want violins.
I don't want musical, you know, if there's a little music in a background, you know, way into background.
On the speakers, that's an ice.
Especially in a Titan restaurant, you know, like in Italy, you go in, you sit down.
And in the background, I know I just have a nice low level of planet, smiley.
That's beautiful.
Okay, it's a nice, a cup of my two wonderful meals.
That's an ice.
Yeah.
And that's enough.
But anyway, they got, in the middle of the meal, they're like about two thirds of the way through the meal.
Now, they, one guy, I don't know if he's the owner of what he is, but this big fat, chubby guy, I guess we're really Italian.
He goes over to a table, he sings, and somebody happy, but...
Happy birthday, I thought, you know, that's okay.
A little, not quite so loud next time would be better, but it was all right.
But now we're two thirds of the way through the meal.
And all of a sudden, here comes this guy.
I don't want to say dark, complex, a guy out of the kitchen.
And he stands up in the middle of the place, they dim the lights, and I'm thinking, oh my God, it's a stick up.
What's going on here now?
And this guy, I thought for sure he was going to sing, oh man, river.
Yeah, I mean, I don't want to sound like a racial thing, but what was that?
And he starts singing a song, and I have no idea what the song was.
No, no, that's not what it was.
I mean, I couldn't figure out what language he was singing in or what the song was,
and everybody's kind of like looking at each other, and then all of a sudden he finally finishes.
And I do mean finally, it went on for an eternity.
And all of a sudden he finishes, and now there's this tremendous salvation,
and we realize most of it is coming from inside the kitchen, because he works in the kitchen.
They've got the kitchen help, the shfarts are from the kitchen coming out, and singing in the middle of your meal.
And I'm at, you know, it was a good meal, and a great experience, and I'm asking myself, why are you doing that?
Why are you trying to spoil a very enjoyable evening that somebody else is paying for, no less,
by having somebody come out here and sing in some bizarre language that I have no idea.
Am I right?
Ask Joe, he'll tell you, we have no idea what language he was singing in, what the song was.
In fact, you know, something old man river would have been an improvement.
That old man river, that would have been great, you know.
I don't know what the hell it was, and everybody's a plotter.
I think they were plotting because it was over when they could go back to their meal.
Like get out of here, go back to the kitchen and wash some dishes, will you, and please, whatever you do,
don't touch our food.
God, that was bizarre.
So you people over there at the macaroni grill, you know, I'm sure you're doing a good business,
but it probably be enhanced a little bit if you just cut the crap of the entertainment.
We don't want entertainment when we're eating.
If you want to, you go to a suffer club, you know, people want to see a show and a dinner, that's fine.
But you go into a place that's supposed to be a restaurant, all we want is the food.
Good service, good food, good buy, that's it.
Hello and good bye.
Here's a pleasant fact, by the way, from Ian in London, in Shirley.
It says, in the early 90s, I lived in the wild in Fort Lauderdale,
the used to listen to you on WI-C occasionally.
In fact, it was about the only thing I missed when I left Florida, came back to the UK, now I have a life thesis.
How do you like that? Even the UK is better than here, that's saying a lot.
And he tells me about, just to make a long story short, he's listening over there in London, on the internet.
Nice call in there, Pally.
We'd probably be able to talk to you, but of course, being the cheap bastards that they are around here, we don't have an 800 line.
We don't even have a free line for the bastards over and for buyers, those poor shelopers, who are desperate to have some contact,
some communication with the outside real world, which this is the closest they get, and I ain't saying much.
Now one of the most depressing things I've ever seen, say I don't want to start off the week on a download.
Do I?
Uh-huh. Okay, well after the letter from Shirley, it's only got to get better.
You know, VH1 is showing these, what do they call it? Where are they now?
We could do a radio thing like that. Can you imagine? Greg Buidel, Gregory Benjamin Buidel, where is he now?
And then it calls, oh, I need a high-file, Greg, a sterling country kitchen, waiting on cables, it was the saddest thing.
Oh, where are they now?
And this particular one, and of course none of them are ever good.
They're either dead and they died.
Tragically, they went through a horrendous drug problem.
Every single one of these, where are they now, is depressing.
And you're thinking, you're at least on thick, and why couldn't you just leave me with the memories?
Okay, what they used to look like, what they used to sound like, I'd rather we didn't want to know where they are now.
But once I got into this, I couldn't turn it off.
And what was the group?
Couldn't think they were out of a paper bag.
And you're full, sorry for.
G&G.
I was in my pain, and I think why tonight?
I will say this, Jan Berry did look good.
Okay, couldn't sing a worth of crap, but he looked good.
If you could see, this is the proof.
Anybody, anybody, any of my religious nuts out there in the audience?
If you want proof that there is no God, you must see that piece on VH1 about Jan and Dean.
If you could see what Jan Berry looks like now.
Now granted, he had that horrible car wreck.
People had drive Corvette shouldn't be driving a responsibly, Jan.
You know what I'm saying?
I have never in my life, I can't describe to you.
You know, Igor, our good friend Igor and production here.
Igor looks like Johnny Depp compared to what Jan Berry looks like now.
Igor looks like Brad Pitt by comparison.
That's how it goes.
Jan Berry looks, I would say he's about 58.59, it would be my guess,
because they were saying he was 25 and I'm adding the years to try to figure out how old he is.
He could pass for 80, easy.
And he's like fat and all like, like, narrowly talk.
Because he had that horrible car wreck and they thought he was going to die.
Well, I knew that he was in a car wreck, and at that point I kind of forgot about Jan and Dean as far as, you know, following what happened to them.
Because they couldn't sing the right of a paper sack to begin with.
It was fun music.
It was okay.
But I'm looking on Jan and Dean, their surf city album, and they show you how much great music they had of their own.
Listen to some of the cuts on this album.
This is Jan and Dean's music, okay?
Yeah.
Okay, not with that Jan and Dean's music.
No.
Could that have been something else that they ripped off from their buddies, the Beach Boys?
Could that have been another one they ripped off from them?
Well, they didn't have enough of their own hits to fill up an album for Christ's sake.
Oh, no.
Could that be another Beach Boys album?
Oh, I hear it.
Well, there couldn't possibly be any more Beach Boys cuts on this album.
Could they're like, that would be...
Oh, no.
No.
Come on.
Is this yo, is it it?
Please.
Please tell me it's just this.
No.
Okay, that's enough.
Jan and Dean, I mentioned there's nobody else in this audience who saw that piece on VH1,
and if you're old enough like a...
And if you remember Jan and Dean, and what they looked like, okay?
Forget about the fact that they couldn't sing for crap.
And of course, naturally, they have to make a big song of dance on these segments.
Oh, yeah, they're not even in our rock and roll hall of fame.
And it's a disgrace and yada yada.
I mean, what are they talking about?
What are these people talking about?
Just because Jan had a bad car wreck, and they've made 75 comebacks,
and Jan, they're carrying him around like a doll, you know, like a big blown up doll.
Very sad.
VH1, please stop doing that to us, okay?
Please stop doing that to us.
I wouldn't be surprised if the next one is going to be Jackie Wilson.
We know where he is now in the ground.
And as a matter of fact, the very one, the next one after that was Rick Nelson.
Anybody seen him lately?
No.
No, I didn't watch that.
I've had a thing with Jan and Dean that brought peers to my eyes.
That's how depressing it was.
So if you want to make a big mistake, ask where are they now, and somebody will tell you to say,
oh, Jesus, I'm so sorry I asked.
Just like I'm so sorry I opened up that letter from Sherry this morning to start my week.
Sherry and Boca.
I should use the last name, you know what?
Bitch.
Here's a call from West Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
I'm going to Italy for a sign tomorrow.
Yes.
I think it's Sherry and Beness and Florence for a couple weeks.
Never been in Venice.
No.
No.
And Rome, Intercontinental.
Right.
And you must see these over there.
Yeah, the Pope.
Everything.
Uh-huh.
One of the questions.
What do you fly, Alotari?
Delta.
Delta.
You're flying on Delta.
You're going to Italy and you're flying on Delta Airlines.
Yeah.
I'm stuck.
Printedment or print's Richard?
I go off on one of them now.
It's the same person I think.
No, printedment or print.
No, I know who you're talking about on guiding light.
I know exactly what you're talking about.
They're two different people.
I know that, sir.
I've been watching guiding light since before Jesus was a baby.
Right.
That story line's got to go, man.
It's got to go.
I say the answer is Billy.
Right.
Okay.
We hear a couple noises from Buffalo Bill.
Have a great time.
Have a good time.
Thanks.
See ya.
Say hi to Aile Papa.
A lot of Papa.
Yeah.
Thank God much music is doing this all backstreet boys.
It fits right in.
Again, 24 hours of it.
See, I hate to break the news to you, Sherry.
Whatever your name is in Boka.
I'll be real glad if my good close friend Tracy Neely comes through with my backstreet boys tickets.
Okay.
Right there in the front row.
Since I'm the number one adult backstreet boys fan in the world.
Beyond a shadow of a doubt.
And she loves the beast McGill.
And anything you like, Neil, I like it too.
Oh, God.
What a suckling you are, Sherry.
I'm embarrassed for you.
I'm embarrassed for all of us that you're out there.
I'm the loose.
God.
A little lady from Ailea.
Oh, right.
It's her little old lady from Ailea.
A little lady from Ailea.
A little lady from Ailea.
A little lady from Ailea.
A little lady from Ailea.
With a condition sincere我覺得 you woooownnn like it's over
Now I can't think of no one you could make me mean.
Her then the mid-a lord lady from Ailea.
She runs and she calls she's a real bodies.
She's the jailer of Hastiel.
Before the bar says.
A little lady from Ailea.
A little lady from Ailea.
You put your open actor like you've never seen ya
You put your open actor like you've never seen ya
You put your open actor like you've never seen ya
You put your open actor like you've never seen ya
You put your open actor like you've never seen ya
You put your open actor like you've never seen ya
You put your open actor like you've never seen ya
You put your open actor like you've never seen ya
You put your open actor like you've never seen ya
See the little world, baby pump umobile niah
You put your little old lady pump ummagile niah
See the little lady pump ummagile niag
See the little lady pump umMagile niag
See Yuri's my lady boo
So what do you think about that Jan Berry huh?
It counts for sh**.
Anyway, so this is the, I was just telling George this is the only place in the universe
where you could just make the comments I did before I said it was very sad to see what
they look like now especially Jan who looks 120 years old easy and has all blown up like
a bull frog and just figured it's tragic.
Oh, I said was you know, it can't think for sh** which is true.
And I get a fact that says Jan and Dean had plenty of hits geek, geek and it goes on
to listen surf city, drag city which are both on the CD by the way, little lady from Pasadena
ride the wild surf which is also on here baby talk baby talk.
That was a big hit.
Dead man's curve which I just got through playing about 10 seconds of that didn't
happen.
Yeah.
And of course the John Penis's favorite which is something he tried to do in the keys last
week and it didn't work out too good.
Sidewalk surfing.
And some pleasure guys.
They worked great because the unnamed geek who factored me this is an honor to take
the fact.
Yeah, they were great.
Like I said the music was fun.
I like Jan and Dean probably only because Jan looked so good but nevertheless I like
him.
What's not to like they were okay.
It was partly ambiance of that whole era of marginal music.
What was wrong with that?
But right off the bat somebody's got to get hostile as opposed to saying you know, oh
yeah, I saw that thing and you right that was that was enough to bring you to tears.
That was enough to make you want to scream.
Anybody who could believe there's a god to look at the before and after a Jan Berry is
thinking of themselves oh my goodness.
Speaking of God by the way.
So was a repeat the thing on 60 minutes last night about the Magdalene Laundries in Ireland.
Those poor catlicks baby they're getting it left side right side upside down and then
at the end of the show they showed the Reverend Moon scandal thing too.
On 60 minutes last night.
Also repeat.
Yeah repeat but nevertheless religion took a real beating last night on 60 minutes.
Oh dear it yeah.
What a what a disgrace.
Typical sexist crap from the church.
I mean these were not only women who had had sex but they were thinking about it.
They were like under first maybe they were going to have some kind of a sexual encounter.
Let's send him away to these Laundries for like about a hundred years and make him disappear
and then they found all these bodies that they dug up besides to make it even more appetizing.
Nice go and pop up.
The crazy people that's the religious people are the crazy people.
How many years have I been telling you that?
Speaking of crazy people my good old friend Tom Jicca who still hasn't discovered another
book just came out forget about that or the FCC fine.
See everybody's talking about all the hate sites on the internet the 2000 websites and
about this one's First Amendment rights.
Just as far as having a sense of humor we've got the word police after us and nobody
in this town in the media print or otherwise has discovered that FCC business including
the brilliant Tom Jicca who still busy punching at the track with a Kaplan to find out what's
really going on in local media big big story he didn't figure it out.
But in yesterday's Q&A in the Sun Central TV book.
Here's a question probably another one that Tom made up.
What happened to Panthers radio announcer Chris Moore does he have another job or is he going
back to New Jersey we can only hope.
Ask J.W. and Fort Lauderdale ask about Chris Moore on answer.
Wait to hear this answer from Tom Jicca.
Little bit of truth isn't too dangerous Tom.
Moore had been living a double life throughout his tenure with the Panthers.
His wife is a successful lawyer in New Jersey who couldn't relocate.
So she and the kids stayed up north and more commuted.
He got tired of traveling and time away from his family so he gave up the Panthers.
He's hoping to find work in the New York area or with the SPN where he sometimes fills in
while working for the Panthers.
Moore is an excellent talk host.
A personable informed in a master of many voices and excellent talk host.
But he's an awful play by play man.
In fact it's a stretch to describe his call of the game is play by play.
He would go off on stream of consciousness riffs hardly ever describe what was happening
on the ice as play developed then scream like a band he went to Google with score.
No pain like that.
Yeah.
So half right there Tom he's an excellent talk show host Christina Moore.
Sit down comedian.
They were great then they were my favorite.
They're the best and group since the Beach Boys.
I'll tell you that right now at the back.
Yeah that's right.
Anybody believe that no except this asshole.
It's any this hate facts because they had all of these great hits.
Oh yeah they had so many big hits they couldn't fill up one CD with their greatest hits.
That's how many well of course their career was cut short by that tragic accident.
Because Jan was driving a Corvette to God then fast.
He thought he had a Mustang.
22 before 11 at 560 WQA.
In fact if he would have had a Mustang he probably would be in better shape today.
Because he couldn't have gone fast.
Hurricane fucking blow.
Oh.
You put yours that put in now.
You take yours that put out.
Yes.
You do.
I hope he's won't keep sending shit all about.
He's like you stupid shit that makes you look like you're insane.
Yes.
He's like you're right put out.
You're in the hokey so key.
It's not his to do what that's you in the hokey so key.
You're in the hokey so key.
I'm doing the hokey so key.
I'm doing the hokey so key.
I'm doing the hokey so key.
I think that's that jackass that said the fact that it's a good point.
I think it ought to have just show how much sympathy we have for Jan Berry and what bad shape he's in.
Let's do all Jan and Dean today.
What do you say?
All right.
It makes things a lot.
No.
I'm not a very scary.
No.
No.
No.
That was okay.
That was it was it had its moment.
I'm a scale of 10.
I give it about a six and a half.
Anyway, I'll tell you who I give a minus six thousand.
That's that jackass Michael Mayo with the Sun Central.
And I'm so sick and tired of the suckles on this radio station.
I don't want to mention no names.
I'm really enjoying reading my Mayo lately.
Yeah.
Come on.
Give me a break.
Give me a break.
The great sports writers we got in this town.
What is going on here lately with this incestuous relationship?
You know.
As a matter of fact, even mentions even Henry Stadium's subterfuge right on the money.
He starts out by talking about, oh yeah, we don't want to get sucked in this tax for another stadium.
And then he goes on to tell which side he is the best one.
Just like everybody else.
Oh, we don't want to spend any tax money.
But if we have to build it, how about right there in Miramar?
Which is centrally located in highway friendly.
He says, and I like Hank Goldberg's line.
He says, any site within sight of callers is a good site.
I hate to break the news to you, Michael Mayo.
Most of us don't go to callers.
How do you like that?
I'd say the overwhelming majority of people in this town don't go to callers.
George, is the George go to callers?
No.
No.
Do I go there?
I've had mid air in years.
No.
Joe Costello, if you go to callers?
No.
And then he goes on again to say, and not that I support any of public financing, but, and see, this is a column.
Another one of these columns with all these little random thoughts.
He just says junk food for thought.
Now, this would have been a perfect column to put in the apology to Dave Halberstam.
That some of us have been waiting for, what, a year and a half for that apology?
Did he put it in there?
No.
Even puts in a thing here.
New Panthers' voice, Jigs MacDonald is a nice blast from the past rural islander fans.
You should live so, Mike Mayo.
But, I feel bad for Steve Goldstein.
What does he take for a deserving up and come or to get his shot?
So, in other words, he's got Hank in here.
He's got Hengeldie in here.
He's wasted his time with this crap, sucking around.
And by the way, Geldie's not impressed.
I saw him this morning.
He said, Pupio, okay, Mike Mayo.
He said, hold the Mayo.
He's not impressed.
We would have all been a lot more impressed with a real well-earned and well-deserved apology for Dave Halberstam.
Who I find out is wife, is a doctor or something.
They've got a lot of money.
Lots and lots and lots of cash.
And Dave's got a good job selling with Westwood Oneys like Regional Salesman.
He's doing great.
In spite of you, Mike Mayo, an asshole's like you.
Who come on a year on this show and lie through your teeth?
Promise to reputup, print an apology.
And then the guy gets fired and you still don't get apologized.
I'll tell you one thing.
Dave Halberstam has got more class in his little finger than all the sports writers in this town put together.
All of them.
More talent in his goddamn breakdown.
All you guys put together.
All you phony, baloney, wannabes.
Who wish you were in a real sports bounce instead of being down here, right in the bunch of random crap.
Almost every column.
That's how much class you got, Michael, hold the Mayo.
I bet you Joe Z probably shared some of his naked pictures of Hank and that Billy go with Mike Mayo,
which is by the two of them all of a sudden are sucking around so tight, you know.
That must be it.
Can't be any other reason because Hank knows that Mike Mayo couldn't write his way out of a paper sack.
Hank knows that, doesn't he?
But you're sweet as he does.
And speaking of Joe Zagaki, by the way.
Joe Zagaki.
Yeah, speaking of that.
Hank will be on today at Shulas tomorrow.
He'll be here alive and then Wednesday he's going on his third vacation this week.
I mean, this month, this this week.
You think I take a lot of vacations?
I don't be glad to anybody, but this guy he went on vacation the same week I did.
Remember, then he came back for a couple of days when I vacation again.
Now he's going on vacation again, which we don't mind that except for who's going to be on filly and on Wednesday.
You're going to pee your pants when you find out who's going to be on here from two to four thirty.
Thank God, not the whole four hours.
Oh wait a minute Wednesday Wednesday on the ISD and on the phone line from Philadelphia.
A man who really knows the soft Florida sports scene, not Bill Zimper.
The anonymous voice of the dolphin.
He'll be doing a show two to six on Wednesday.
Ask him how the weather is outside.
He'll tell you what it isn't filly because he ain't going to be here.
And then Thursday, two to four thirty we got.
Here's the guy.
Oh my God.
Four thirty to six.
We got Josh in Orlando, Elvigory.
Can you imagine?
Can you just imagine what's going to happen to that number that Hank's got?
Two o'clock on the Thursday?
We're going to old points.
Can you hear the sounds of the sound Florida audience within the first five seconds?
Joseph Gackie.
Oh my God.
You know something?
Joseph Gackie.
Oh my God, he was mentioning his name on the last Thursday that he's going to be on.
And you can hear the sound of the radio dials clicking in the off position.
Joseph Gackie.
He's going to blow.
Oh, you can't complain about his personality because he doesn't have anything.
And the guy who said that his mother dropped him on his foot when he was a little baby, I think you're right.
God.
Well, there was a thing the other day about, you know, that little horrible plane crash we had in Hollywood.
And by the way, you people that don't want to live near an airport.
Guess what?
If the airport's already there, it's probably not a good idea to buy a house right near an airport because there's planes taking off.
Yeah, how about that?
Isn't that something?
But anyway, so there was a story in a paper about a plane, a recent, well, a few years ago, playing at crashed with people taking rescue supplies to the hurricane Andrew victims down in South.
And it said two people perished in the crash and one survived.
You know who the survivor was?
Joseph Gackie.
How do you like that?
And I bet you the two people who died in that plane might have been nice people too, you know what?
Stop and think about that. Why are you thinking about Jan Berry?
And God, just stop and think about that for a minute.
Here's a lady in Pepper of Pine, hello.
Hi, Neil, I'm your first time caller.
All right.
I listened to you up in North Carolina. I go to school there, I listen through the computer.
Great.
I just wanted to know what you thought of the fans booing at the Tampa Bay game when they made the players get off the field because of extreme lightning.
I don't know anything about it.
It's terrible.
They let the players die so we can watch the game.
Oh yeah, that's right. I mean, how are the players?
Now, where was this in Tampa?
Yes.
And they were booing because they had to make the, how long did they keep them off the field?
I'm not sure. It wasn't too long, but it was a terrible example.
Yeah.
I also wanted to tell you, if you don't want music when you go eat dinner, don't ever go to the roasted pepper.
The roasted pepper?
Yeah.
Aren't those the people that brought us food or they were threatening to bring us food, George?
They'd play music during the meal?
They've got this little old man who sits in the corner with a karaoke machine.
Oh no.
Oh, that's so bad. Why do places do that?
I don't know. My parents love it though.
They do?
Yeah.
How old are they about 100?
I'm 175.
Yeah, see that's what it's for the old part. It's a schmaltier, you know.
Yeah.
Anybody under 100 doesn't want music with their meal.
Yeah, it's terrible. It's unacceptable.
Well, macaroni grill is pretty good, but if you don't want the musical accompaniment, I would stay away.
Yeah, especially those guys in the kitchen, huh?
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Yeah.
Bye-bye.
That old man, River.
I'm serious, you know.
The guy comes out with his white, you know, his outfit on from the kitchen and his cap.
Is whatever you call that.
And he stands up there on a table in the middle of the restaurant and the lights go down and he starts saying,
no, Rooza, yeah.
And we're all looking at each other like, what song is this, what language is he singing?
What is happening here in the middle of an otherwise very enjoyable experience?
What you be thinking about here at the macaroni grill.
See, that's one thing in Italy.
You know, they're trying to put on the thing like it.
First of all, in Italy, you wouldn't find a Hispanic waiter.
That's number one.
Pretty sure that was the guy to call before that said he's going to Italy tomorrow.
You won't be finding no Hispanic waiter speaking to his partner.
You will have the restaurant in Italy.
Number one.
And number two, you will not find some schmarts are getting up and singing music in the middle of your meal at no trot to read in Rome.
I mean, I don't know about Venice, but I don't think in Rome or even in Florence,
there will be some schmarts are from the kitchen getting up in the middle of the restaurant standing on the table singing old black magic or whatever this guy was singing.
What was that?
And why are you people doing that?
Why do you do that?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
One thing I learned here last Thursday, by the way, with that episode with...
Ro!
I learned that Greg Reed is a lot of dumber than I thought he was.
Yeah, he's running around here after this episode, after he pulled his finger in the hole in his head routine.
Oh, that was pretty stupid if he did that.
I find out he's running around asking everybody in the building for their version of the story.
What really happened?
Because you see, unless you're part of Greg's inner circle, unless you want to grab his buddies,
the untouchables like I call, unless you're one of those four or five people,
then no matter what you tell him, no matter how much credibility you've got with anybody else,
he ain't going to believe you.
He probably went and asked for a win.
He'll give him the right story, won't he?
No!
That bitch who was sitting in their cackling and laughing up his storm by all witness reports,
wildest, aberrant behavior was going on with her buddy in here.
Yeah, you're not full of anybody, okay?
Just have yourselves a little party.
And when we show up on FN in about three months, then you'll be laughing, huh?
Then you'll be whistling inside your rectum.
Wondering what they all hid you.
Nanny X.
We haven't heard about that thing on... on the Zeta.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was just wondering, have you had a chance to see the Tom Green website yet?
No.
Oh, it's great.
I was with a friend.
I don't have my own computer, but I was with a friend.
We got on there last week.
You could even download the bum bum song.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that thing was too long, you know?
It was amazing, but there was too long.
But they got a lot of good stuff in there.
Apparently he's been around up there in Canada since like 1994.
Right.
And the excitement I liked best last week was the one with the pizza undercutters pizza.
Yes, that was great.
That was the first time...
And they got pretty violent too.
I thought they were going to be crap.
The guy came after him with a hammer.
That was the first time I could remember that he actually told the camera guy,
he turned around and let's get out of here.
Yeah, let's get out of here with the hammer.
He says, well, what do you want on your pizza?
Expert cheese.
And he opens up that damn thing and he pulls out a package of cheese and still the pizza.
It was great.
It was great.
And the baseball thing was pretty funny.
Yeah, I love that.
You're right.
Those are the two best stuff.
That's the P-A thing.
They had to drag him out of there too.
Oh, that's...
They were pushing down the stairs or something.
Yeah, that was great.
Nobody liked Tom Green, man.
But you got to check out the website.
They got a lot of neat stuff on there, some lot of letters.
They got excerpts out of his own personal diary, which is pretty funny.
Yeah, he's no genetic.
It's pretty good.
Anyways, I kind of found it by accident like you did.
I caught the one skit where he brings the cow's head into his mom and dad's bedroom
and does Vito Corleone.
Oh, that thing was hilarious.
And I was wondering what the hell am I watching here?
Yeah.
And from then on, it was just, you know, your hook.
Tom Green from President, man.
Yep.
Okay.
All right, me.
I'll say it around here.
5.6705.60, 0.560, on the mobile one line.
I bet you nobody else in this audience saw the JN&D thing on VH1.
I'm impressed about that.
No, actually, I'm happy for you.
In fact, the only people who saw already, uh,
were their brains out there, were so depressed.
I can't describe to you how that man looks now.
I can't, no matter how vivid the description would be, you'd have to see it to believe it.
Completely gray here.
Like I said, he looks about 95 years old.
His face is all puffy and distorted and bloated.
And his body, it just all blown up like a bull frog.
And he's like, and they're going on, they're still doing concert tours.
Yeah, this is the, I'm, I'm, they're doing it again.
W 120 years old and they'll still be out there.
I was on the road.
Like that.
Like Jerry Lewis, who, by the way, is in very bad health.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, and you know, Peewee Reese died.
Baseball player, Peewee Reese.
Not that Peewee.
Anyway, died over the weekend.
He was 81.
And they neglected to mention very much about the fact that he was a heavy, heavy,
duty smoker and had had a lung cancer.
They just mentioned that in one thing in the article.
If they're so concerned about trying to turn the kids off from smoking,
why is it that people like Joe to magio who is supposed to be such a wonderful guy
and carried so much about kids?
How come him and Peewee Reese didn't do PSAs?
Like Hamilton Burger did there, huh?
About the guy named Smoking.
Oh, we don't want to say that.
Well, okay, don't say it.
And then Joe Morgan, there's only a Sunday night game sucking his ass life back.
How about talking about the real truth there, huh?
How about a heavy, duty smoking?
And also covering up her Albert Bell and I did nursing play.
Joe, you make me sick, all right?
Joe Morgan.
He makes me nauseous.
And rumor has it that he and John Miller are having fist fights over the food and the booth.
It's new and it's dead Burger King.
Godfather Trilogy Action Figures.
They're fun for the whole family.
Collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper fries and super large drink.
And that a super large drink.
No exception.
Get sunny in a favorite garbage can.
So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister.
Or get the bolt riddled body sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth.
Wow, isn't that great?
And press all your friends with the done himself.
I'll make him an offer. He can't refuse.
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather Action Figures.
Remember, it's only business and it's a Burger King.
Let me let go of the 5.60 WQM.
So the Aquatico Jan and Dean Factor, another fact that says,
Where did you get that Jan and Dean CD, the dollar store?
Get the real stuff.
Get the real stuff.
No, actually, I got it at the 50 cent store.
They wouldn't ask for a dollar for the old Jan and Dean CD, okay asshole?
God.
The dollar store.
Get the real stuff, man.
All right.
Just give my card, ask you really feel.
Looking real tough, and it's from your personal.
Thank you.
Also, somebody facts me, I don't know which day it was in the Sun Central,
but there were a whole series, a whole spate of letters here saying,
John Henry, stick it up your ass.
Sellers dwelling, Marlon's don't need better park.
Let business pay for its own costly stadium.
Marlon's Henry's got a lot of nerve, it is request.
In fact, one of the letters starts out by saying,
Boy, does he have a lot of goods, Bob?
Even new stadium wouldn't draw fans, it says,
and on and on, a whole bunch of letters.
Let's hear it.
Those letterwriters who said,
Hey, John Henry, stick it.
Who the hell are you kidding?
But of course, the Sun Central won't be deterred.
Front page of yesterday or Saturday's paper.
Which is Ferris Ballpark of all.
Mirror, mirror on the wall.
Which is the Ferris site of all.
Ask the Sun Central.
And then they got a whole big sign of that.
And with a whole page on the inside.
A whole page with the drawings and the details.
They've already said no in Davy.
They already for Lauderdale pretty much said no, forget it.
But don't confuse the Sun Central.
Because they feel like there's some little Hicktown newspaper
which they are.
And if they have a baseball stadium in Broward County,
that's going to make a difference, right?
No.
You're still going to be a bunch of Hicks.
Who the hell are you kidding?
The best site of all like the guy who called Hank a couple weeks ago.
The best site is Washington DC.
That's the best place for the Marlins.
They're desperate for a team up there again.
Okay. All the members of Congress.
They want to have a place to go and smooth.
Build another goddamn stadium in Washington DC.
Let them have the freaking Marlins.
We'll pack them a sandwich.
As Ken Maldon would say, was him gain?
Eh!
Because he and I are the only ones around here
that can really speak our Yodish.
You know what I'm saying?
Thanks just to Pretender.
Here's Evan Shura.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I want to bring up what we brought up last week and actually today.
So I did.
Something about the Mustangs.
I have a newer style RX-793, a twin turbo.
And I know when I can put down the power.
And I have these guys, you know, all the time they try me.
They try me.
I'm like, no, no, no, it's not worth it.
Yeah.
And sure enough, on the highway yesterday,
I was cruising along 70 miles an hour.
A cruising full guy comes up in a Mustang Cobra.
Left side, he puts his hazards next to me, signaling, hey, I want to take you on a run.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Five to a minute, then, right on Entering Palm Beach County.
I see him pulled over and Mr. Florida had to have...
All right!
All right.
There you go.
Another punk that just doesn't know how to do it.
It was wonderful.
I love it.
It was wonderful.
Speaking of the...
I'm getting sexual stimulation just turned that story.
You're...
You're...
You're a series that's going on a VH1.
Yeah.
You'll never guess who's going on tomorrow night.
Give me a clue.
You hate this group.
You had a dealing with them.
A personal dealing.
VGs.
Yes.
Yeah.
They're going to be on tomorrow night on this...
Where are they now?
Oi!
Hopefully on an America worst plane out to Vegas, they deserve each other.
I guess they're...
What does that tell you?
How far they've come down when I have to fly America worst airlines to go to a pure in Vegas?
Losers.
So they're...
I guess they're going to be on tomorrow night.
I'm going to watch you just to see...
I mean, they're doing what?
Small venues now or something?
No, they're still there making a comeback.
Are they?
Yeah.
Not in my eyes.
Yeah.
They're making a big comeback on Star Island.
Well, good luck to us then.
Okay, pal.
Take care, Neil.
See you.
The VGs, huh?
The fabulous VGs, as more of Griffin once said.
Well, he sure could do it, couldn't he?
Not.
Murf.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
You know something I'm still...
It's going to take me weeks to recover from...
Raw!
That episode here on Thursday.
At about 11, 23 on Thursday morning.
One of the most honest...
No, I don't want to hear it again.
I couldn't stand it.
Because we listened to it again this morning and come to find out that he was talking so loud that even though he was way off mic over here, you could hear him on the air.
Going...
Like that.
Exactly like that.
Okay, okay, okay.
Nice going, screw in.
Why don't you get your salespeople in order to get some coffee for the account and start doing some sales work instead of worrying about interfering and programming you stupid bitch.
God.
Oh, and I didn't tell the story about Tracy Carasato, did I?
On the air.
So the best part of the...
Raw!
Sorry.
To a clock the door to this studio opened.
I just got off the air.
And here comes screw in our sales manager with Port Tracy Carasato, our promotions guy, who's leaving us this week.
This is last week.
Who's a good guy and who knows actually how to do a job.
So I guess they had a little bit of a powwow.
Who can we have be the fall guy for that embarrassing episode?
Why not Tracy?
Because then we don't have to worry about him getting fired.
Is if anybody here ever gets fired, which way?
So Tracy comes up and says, well, you know, I had this task force on at Gulf Term.
A task force.
And you're wondering why we can't get half the shows on here half the time, because we have a task force on a Gulf tournament?
A task force.
And guess who's a member of the task force?
Raw!
Yeah.
I mean, you know, he's selling so many spots out there, you know.
So he claims that he's the one that's got to take responsibility, because he sent Roy up here to find out how come we weren't doing the promos on at Gulf Tournament.
Now, is there anybody in his right mind who believes that Tracy would tell Roy to come up here in the middle of the show and start hockin' me a trinic and arguing with me on the air?
No.
We don't buy it, Tracy.
Okay, nice go on, sweetheart.
Take in the fall.
Take in the bullet.
Who threw in?
Who she and her boyfriend set up the story?
Raw!
Yeah.
That boyfriend.
Not to be confused with any other boyfriend.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
I'm sure you do.
Eight minutes after 11 at 5.60.
Thank you.
Go away!
How's everybody doing tonight?
By the way, the Backstreet Boys concert at Sunrise sold out in nine minutes on Saturday morning.
Nine minutes at sold out.
So there you go, sweetheart.
Up there in Boko Sherry.
I hope that ticket master just gave you a big fat.
No.
Okay?
I hope as soon as you walked in the door, they looked at you and said,
oh, whatever you want, we don't have any more tickets.
It's sold out, whatever you want.
We can just tell.
Go get them from Neil.
That's a succession with Hoki.
I'm shipping home watching TV.
Enjoying the beach and fire that really is me.
But I know that it won't last forever.
The doorbell has to ring.
And now that I've just opened to witness the things they want to save me.
Things they want to save me.
After I tie a yellow ribbon around your neck,
two things I will tell you.
Your hands have my own childway.
I'll tell you I'm a prince.
I come to your house and I'm not telling you I'm doing the thing.
So don't you come up knocking.
Here's how they weave in behind my old oak tree.
1114 at 562 W. K.M.
Our topic today, you name some groups that are worse than Jan and Dean so far.
We had any that are no.
Here's the Pinguic for mobile and Hollywood.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Shout out to the bag.
Great big report.
Shared in street between university and 441.
Yes.
There's Hollywood patrol and Hollywood with radar units picking people up.
The middle of the daytime and the accident are hopping at night.
Yeah, that's where I was a kid's got in that horrible wreck and that other kid all died again the other day.
He's before 41.
Right.
But here it is.
In the middle of the daytime, 1115 in the morning.
Yeah.
Look where they are.
I'll see this at least gives the public you know it makes an appearance like they're really doing something about it.
That's right.
Have a great day.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, there's the warning for you.
Okay.
Pigs are out.
Right and more business again.
See, I don't know about you, but as far as I'm concerned, anybody in law enforcement, their number one thing should be making a streets in the road safe and the neighborhood safe.
That's what they ought to be doing.
Everybody who's in jail or prison in America for any marijuana related offense ought to be released right now and all the scumbags should be put away.
Minimum mandatory 20-year sentence for anybody who commits like a serious crime.
Not just with a gun.
And you know, they're probably the gun nuts are saying, oh gee, thank God that story and plantation yesterday that horrible story about the 50-year-old guy that hung himself after he smothered his two kids to death.
No guns in that one.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Yeah.
They're probably squeezing themselves.
Squeezing their triggers.
They're so excited about that.
Does that what Roy Rogers used to do all the time with squeeze trigger?
That's why the SPCA got involved.
5-6-7, well if you were married to day 11, you might squeeze trigger two, you know.
Not the religious nut.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60.
God, I only wish I could talk, you know.
I've got most of my voice back.
I was doing okay and I fought off a cold for like almost a whole week and then I had that experience with raw Thursday and Friday morning.
I couldn't talk at all.
Took my voice away, took my breath away.
I don't know whether it was the Roy episode or seeing Greg Reed's stupid reaction to it.
I mean, you know, people think it's stick when I come in here and talk about working for a boso.
This man is just terrifying.
It's staggering.
That's why he surrounded himself with this little core of boyfriends and girlfriends in here because he's like, you know.
Don't ask me anything about radio because I don't know what that is.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, I just wanted to make a comment about all the anti-marijuana smokers.
Who are they?
You mean the police?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
First of all, today it's okay for advertisement that 8, 9 o'clock in the morning for alcohol.
Yeah.
And that's what I'm going.
That's okay.
Yeah.
You go to jail for having a joint on you.
Yeah.
And yet you can drive.
And it is.
Yeah.
And, uh, yeah.
Right.
You know, I just want to say I love you, show.
Yeah.
And, uh, you have a great day.
Okay.
What more is there to say?
Okay.
He's got to go and grab you know what I'm saying?
Get that phone number.
Yeah, the marijuana police.
You know something.
This is a brainwashing of the American public that people belong in jail for a couple of plants for, uh,
it's unbelievable.
It's unacceptable.
You people are crazy.
Anybody that buys into that.
People that commit murders.
Oh, they do a few years that we let them out again.
And then they do it again.
Oh, what a surprise.
Like that guy in Texas.
And this crazy guy out there, this view for the pusher jacket off out there in California out from Seattle.
This maniac who goes, he's so crazy.
He goes himself.
He says, I'm crazy.
I need to be put away.
And then try to assault a guy with a knife.
And they put him in jail for 155 days and let him out on parole.
And by the way, one of the guns that he used, the gun he used to kill the mailman, that gun formerly was in the possession of a Seattle police department was one of their guns.
And they traced the whole chronology of how it went from this guy to that guy to a pawn shop where this maniac bought it, etc.
And so on.
But don't confuse the guy.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of politics, what an award-winning field we got done next year.
Oh my god.
How'd you like that Republican straw poll in Iowa where you only have to pay like $7,000 to vote?
That's your mercenway, baby.
Here's George W. Bush, a man so colorless, so bland that he makes Al Gore look exciting and Al Gore is like a dead man.
A man who stands for nothing, but his name happens to be Bush.
Who speaks like a wooden, it's just unbelievable.
This is the best we can do 270 million people.
And the Democrats are got wooden Al Gore and even more wooden boring bill Bradley used to be an NBA player.
Road scholar and nobody cares because he's a battling fool.
And the Republicans, this and the best part of the deal is Liddy Dole.
Have you seen this woman speak?
No wonder her husband has to take pills to get it up.
My god.
Jesus Christ.
Maybe she, maybe she'd loan them a helping hand or not is the case.
Maybe preferably not probably God, Liddy Dole.
I mean, I, I, I, I, yeah.
Yeah.
And then we got Gary.
Don't call me an Nazi bar, but I won't deny it.
And Pat I'll argue him any day of the week Buchanan.
And the best part of it is Dan Quale comes in behind Alan Keith.
Oh, we know who Alan Keith is.
No.
That's far too Republican right when you're told.
No, he comes in behind him.
And holding up the rear rectum or in snatch had about two votes.
And I think one was him and one was his wife.
Yeah, or in snatch.
What a bunch you got, baby.
These are the future.
I say let's screw the Democrats and the Republicans.
Let's put Jesse in there now for 2000.
Let's have a draft.
Okay. Let him run on a reform party.
I'll vote for him 10 times.
Jesse the body, baby.
Right now Tom Green provides president.
We'll make an exception for him.
Okay, even if he's a Canadian citizen.
It's okay.
Here's a mobile in Wellington.
Hello.
Hey, you know how I am.
Okay, sir.
Glad you're back.
You missed a big day Friday.
What I miss.
You missed a four hour dolphin pregame show.
Oh, for next.
For next division, you know, nobody went to.
Uh-huh.
Can you imagine?
I saw the tape of that thing.
It looked like everybody had their own private section.
Yeah.
I saw Jimmy's shots in the other night.
Yeah.
You know what he said?
He said, we've got a shot.
It'd be special.
We got a shot.
We really, really got a shot.
And he ought to be serving 20 years right now.
Like I said, Thursday for overacting on that spot.
That is the most melodramatic, the most hogwash bunch of crap.
Uh-huh.
Like it's something important, you know.
Yeah.
Meanwhile, he's down with jail scowler for felons and dials.
That's right.
And then of course, you notice the big deal out.
Cecil had one big game and that's the big deal.
And all the, all the so-called sports writers here.
Oh, goodbye to Karim, baby.
Cecil, he's the man.
He the man.
One game.
Yeah.
We'll see how long he stays as that keeps his ass out of jail.
And Joe, big, big dog this morning was crying over Danny's performance.
Yeah, I heard that.
I know he was crying on behalf of Danny.
Yeah.
And uh-
Well, how do you, there's food?
I think it's a little dog thinks that Danny's going to play when he's 85.
He's going to say another multi-year contract.
Well, that's his, that's, that's a big dog's end to the NFL.
Once Danny's going in, Joe's going.
Yeah.
I think you're right.
Yeah.
Okay.
Glad you're back.
Glad you're back.
Thank you.
Okay, I missed some good stuff here.
45-hour pregame show.
Don't forget Bill Zimper, fill in for Hank on Wednesday from Philadelphia on the phone.
That's because we're so desperate.
And if you think that is, see, that's the only thing that it could have made you wanted Zimper to come back on Thursday.
It would be to put on here on Thursday and we're doing it.
We're doing it.
That's how stupid we are.
We're putting a dead man on the air on Thursday for two and a half hours.
And boy, am I going to give him a build up here on Thursday or what, huh?
Am I going to promote that Joe's a gacky show?
Yeah.
Yeah, you better believe it.
Everybody's going to be taking no-dose.
In fact, I'm going to get my own personal no-dose concession on Thursday morning.
I'm going to be selling.
I'm going to be peddling it out here on the corner of I'm very road and 441.
Everybody stop by and buy your no-dose.
Because Joe's a gagged is going to be on the air for two and a half hours on QA.
I mean, it's going to be ugly, baby.
It's going to be bland.
It's going to be boring.
It's going to be terminal.
It's going to be the end of the freaking world.
All because of the fact that Joe's got those naked pictures of Hank and Ed Billy code.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T.
Where's the Jan and Dean people for Christ's sakes?
What is wrong with you, man?
Yes, Barry.
You look like a dead man.
I don't think he's going to worry about no-dose.
I don't think he's any more.
Not Jan, Barry.
How could anybody that used to look so great?
I mean, he was beautiful.
I hate to say that, but he was a great looking guy.
And now you look at him and say, oh, Jesus, please, why did you have to do that to us?
Why couldn't we just remember him when he was young and hung?
You know, when he looked good.
Couldn't say, but he looked good.
He looked great.
You must see that.
Before you die, you must see that thing from VH1.
And you'll say, you didn't even come close to the scribe again.
He makes ego look like a Malcolm on a young and a hornet.
Like Josh Moral, like Nick.
I'm telling you.
Oh, God.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, now.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I know before I get started.
You have the website for $100.
What is it, George?
I know KFI's website is not it.
Well, I mean, he'll be on there on KFI640.com.
KFI640.com.
KFI640.com.
Yeah.
That's his show.
What's on the show on?
Six, nine to midnight, our time.
Nine to midnight, oh.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Listen, I've been listening to you show for quite a long time since the Gulf War.
Yes.
And I've noticed through the years, you know, listen to you.
You'd be coming like a very, very bitter man in your oil.
Yeah, very old man, yeah.
Well, you have, I mean, you attack.
I mean, you've always attacked.
Now you're getting real personal to people and, you know, you come more of an asshole every day.
Uh-huh.
That's why you're still listening.
Well, I know I like the show, but you're an asshole.
Well, and I like to call it too, but you're an asshole too, so I guess we're like met our match.
Yeah, well, hey.
Yeah.
You know what you're saying?
Taste what?
I don't know.
Well, I'll give you this.
You're making five million for being an asshole.
That's right.
How much you making?
Uh, about 35,000 a year.
No, that's not bad for us.
There you keep working that as well.
In fact, you'll find that the bigger asshole you are, the more money you'll make.
You know what I mean, you know.
Okay.
Have a great day, asshole.
All right.
You'll be asshole.
26 after 11 at 5, 60, there's my kind of guy.
Okay.
You want to know why he's an asshole?
That's right.
And it is proud of it.
I'm tired of people who are assholes pretending not to be assholes.
That's what makes me sick to my stomach.
I'm an asshole and proud of it.
Yeah.
Just ask me.
I'll tell you.
That old man, River.
What was that?
That's a macaroni grill.
Christ.
Man.
Just bull me over with the watermelon, man.
Feel Roger.
God.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
You're not tough to be with.
I really make what I'm a guy.
She didn't love me.
She only loved my mom.
She saw that it was you loved my face.
My home is like I used to.
She walked above the couch in the cold.
She says that I'm a guy.
I really had a mind of Jesus.
I had a mind of Jesus.
She's out of control.
I'm a guy.
You're not my guy.
I ain't.
I know.
She's gonna get it all.
She can bite me.
Yeah.
I know.
She's gonna get it all.
She can bite me.
Yeah.
I know.
She can bite me.
Yeah.
She can bite me.
She can bite me.
Yeah.
She can bite me.
She can bite me.
I know.
It's gonna be my terrible invite man.
Love it 32 at 560 WDQM.
WDQM invites you to the about.com WDQM celebrity golf tournament presented by
Michalo beer Friday September 24 at
Lago Mar Country Club in plantation.
The portion of the proceeds to benefit center one brought to you by
Nextil.
How business gets done 800 next-toe nine and security world international
making your world a safer place.
For more information call 305-650-0163.
There's the promo for that golf tournament that we had the big
countertops with.
Roll.
So it's a lot easier to come in here screw in and Roy and everybody
else that was really involved in that.
Then to go to the source of the problem and that's of course another one of
the boyfriends at Greg Reed.
Sam the shan.
There's nothing.
Who has a big orifice over there and does absolutely positively the big
nothing.
He was the one responsible for getting those promos up and for
getting some promotion on this thing and he didn't do it.
But you see God forbid that we should go to him and say how come you're not
getting those things on your asshole?
Because he's part of the inner circle.
He's partly untouchables.
He's one of Greg Reed's boyfriends.
Which I'm surprised he's got time hanging around with Jordan night so
much.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello Neo.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I don't know if you remember last third they me and my brother saw you on the
road at from high edith and Sunday night.
Yes sir.
These are the young and hung guys.
That's right.
Oh yeah.
By the way I forgot to mention where the rest was too.
Really?
Well that says it all now.
Yeah.
Tells me all I need to know.
But now when I'm feeling when we saw your brother you know open
press.
They were so excited to see me.
They were squeezing each other in the car.
That was right on the corner of sunrise and I was.
No.
Was you a good looking guy?
I am.
Yeah.
I mean I was like talk but.
I was your concider same for you guys.
Oh thank you.
It's just a joke.
It's just a little joke.
But a group with and.
And Dean is a rich you from the new that we're Ricky Martin.
Yeah.
There you go.
Excellent choice.
But at least they didn't pretend they could sing though.
That's the difference.
Yeah but they're probably running a train.
So that's how Ricky Martin found out how he was.
Uh huh.
Don't forget to watch Monday night or tonight either.
Okay.
WCW.
Keep.
Bye.
Am I going to be watching that?
No.
Yeah I'll be glued to it.
Yeah.
Let's just put much music on here.
We'll just play the audio.
It's back to the all backstreet boys all day today.
In honor of their big concert tour starting here in America.
Which is interesting to notice that they were big in Europe first and then Canada.
And then finally finally the American public caught on including all those little girls.
And it's yeah yeah these guys can really sing unlike those other stupid groups like Jordan night.
Sam's good boyfriend couldn't sing as well her way out of a paper sack.
But might look pretty good in one.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I feel a little bit of relief on a one hand I missed JP being in there with his pretty face.
Did a good job.
Nice going sweetheart.
Even always up there in gamesville.
But on the other hand I don't feel quite so pressured about having food in here.
You know.
Because I told him don't ever give an order like that again.
Now seriously you feel pressured certain people hang it around and they figure you know they're not getting paid.
The least you can do is feed him give him a free lunch stick something in their mouth.
You know I'm talking about how about you do.
So maybe we'll have a little lunch today and maybe not because I weigh about 600 pounds.
Yes.
No we don't want to eat we got this beef jerky.
That's good you're right good point.
And George is on his best behavior now.
He just came back from vacation probably ate like a pig.
Yeah.
And you know something I don't usually don't eat bread.
Because first of all I can't eat bread.
I'm diabetic and since my blood sugar went up and number two I'm fat.
So I should be no bread and number three I don't like bread that much anyway.
But macaroni grill the best part of the meal.
The bread.
Have you ever eaten there?
Oh you've never been there?
No.
Oh it's great.
They bring out these fresh baked round loaves of bread warm and they've got like all kinds of herbs in the bread you know.
And then they bring out they put a little plate and they put some fresh extra virgin olive oil on the plate for you to dip in like you wouldn't eat.
I think I ate myself two loaves of that bread.
I mean they're small but nevertheless.
And to top it all off after my pasta which I had no business eating had dessert.
A big piece of amaretto cake dip with with what kind of sauce was it on the bottom of the plate you know.
Oh god it was good.
Caramel sauce.
Amaretto cake and caramel sauce.
It was very I'm serious it was very good and Joe and the JP picked up the tab.
Don't be 50.
I'm not used to that.
I can get used to that in a hurry after eating with some of those other people and I want to mention no names.
What all those free meals for.
They stopped.
Yeah well best I could afford you know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 10.
And see now he's going to be calling.
Oh you didn't want to go out there.
That's right.
I had a special dinner with the guys okay.
And they were buying.
That was a very good place except for that music.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Well my friends they dropped the self-proclaimed asshole.
Yeah they're calling you an A-Hall making big bucks.
I think he's kind of English down or something.
Because the adjective it needs to use is truthful because you get more truthful every day.
Nothing that's why people there's a lot of.
Truthful and honest asshole yeah.
Well if you if that's what you know.
I mean I'm just saying like people are afraid of the truth.
Yeah.
And that's why a lot of people they like target you.
Now he was just having a little fun.
He likes to just he was squeezing himself when he was standing.
Oh, I hear it. Hey, what do you think would have? Remember about, no, I was listening to the show.
Why don't you were gone and everything and by the way, are you feeling better? I hope so. Yeah, I'm feeling great. I can't talk that go
But I'm feeling okay. Oh, that's right. I was leaving it to the the quote unquote show, you know the tape showing everything and
Sure, you were right on the money about the legalization of weed the reason why it's not legal and all that or that it's a witch hunt
Right and in my opinion the reason why I'm not saying that drug should be legal or whatever
Okay, I'll just talk about the green cuz I don't do anything else
But the reason why it's on there you go the reason why it's it's not legal because these
This country is run by rednecks and right and phones and they need to write a lot of hypocrites George W
And by the way, isn't it interesting how they made a big song that adds about Clinton once maybe a tried weed and he
Claims he didn't inhale because he had to say that or they would have nailed him to a cross and here we got a guy
Who won't even deny that it's a did cocaine he had a booze problem and now they're gonna probably bring up that he had a powder problem
That's when he gets a real problem with a white powder not a little goddamn weed
Right and I feel like they have a coke head as the president no, sir
And I think I think that these politicians that they need somebody to point the finger at plus if it was
Everything was legal then there weren't be anybody to get in chaos
Yeah, but just imagine how much tax money we could raise from it
We could build a stadium on every street corner
Pleasant would have people shooting at each other over a dime a crack or something right that's right
Love you so nail and hang in there, okay pal. Bye. Bye. See you
Okay, we got 200 open lines for the first time this morning. It is a Monday. I do understand that
Where's the Jan and Dean calls come on
Strong with you people don't you have any rock mummies for anybody?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
It's so sad important. I'm not saying that they died either one of you know, they're still alive all looking at Jan
Very wouldn't know it
There's got to be somebody out there that has seen that thing a problem. I'm serious. They probably committed suicide
I haven't been so depressed in years as
Looking at that piece on VH1 yesterday and the only reason I look at VH1 is on the small dish
I a channel sir if I go for MTV
Dem TV 2 which I hate to a VH1 and too much music
How about Brian you're okay in my book sweetheart. How's that heart coming?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Anybody out in the audience got any backstreet boy tickets for Sherry and Boca. Come on. Let's let's
Come on
Let's see the spirit of fair play in this town Sherry and Boca will probably that family. She's got more money than God
She works for a song a pharmaceutical representative, which means she's pedaling drugs
So you know she's loaded, but she's still too cheap to go out there and get her own God damn tickets
Come on anybody got some backstreet boys tickets for Sherry and Boca. Come on. Let's do it
Suck it in and hold it
So in the middle of the middle help to make their shape look somewhat nothing used to try up
We see a button. They can go out and take for one
The bra
The
The
The
The
When we left the other of our hero one the bra was trying to save his beloved your public sweet bread from the clutches of the evil Simon Bob cleave it
Wonder bra. I can't help you now
You're belly sweet bread
It's
It's
Simon's
Thanks to your
So
I'm totally laughing in sports
Wonder bra
But the situations bleep or poly don't house wonder bra's here to make them stick out
Wonder
My hero
Oh
Boyle again, but I'll be back wonder bra
It's getting away
Stop crying poly well the villain is jerky your bust line is back and your hooters are fricky
So now the world is safe for books that want to swap up and pro-tool when cleavages of must-to-show
There's only one place you can go to
Wonder bra
How young is two young okay 1145 at five sixty WQM got a couple of lines here if you move quickly if you hop right on it five six seven oh five sixty
If you call in right away, we may have some free backstreet boy tickets for you no for September 15 at the Amacarina
Let's see how soon we can get Sherry from Bokeh the call and okay to get those free backstreet boys tickets to apologize for that
Intemperate that ass sucking letter that she wrote that I read on the other this morning the worst letter in a history of the human race
Come on Sherry you can do it
You think you think if she calls in we ought to break down to give her some tickets
I don't come on let's do it
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the ATAT line
Because those tickets hold out fast baby nine minutes they were gone
Here's Miami hello, hey Neil what's up? How you doing sir?
No, I'm calling in response to you know marijuana traffic. Yeah
This Friday which fight which for Friday 13th I have to say was probably the most memorable Friday 13th ever because me
I was out check
Yeah me and about three of my friends, you know all good guys, you know Neil fans and stuff all of us got arrested for a possession of marijuana really
I was the one who really got a punch because I had a lot of like a roach
Yeah, you know my friend he had about a native announce and he had like some kind of nearly he got a pipe and stuff
You know like it just hit me when when we got arrested that
See I'm on probation. I'm not gonna say what I'm on probation for it. Yeah, it doesn't matter
So I mean getting caught with this roach really isn't gonna be helpful to me, you know
I mean I'm at the record and they're gonna let me have it
But it just occurred to me even if you're found innocent for example like a roach
I don't know if you know for it is like a zero tolerance later. Not if it is it doesn't matter how much I caught with because either way
You're gonna pay for it. Yeah, but I think you have to cheer for like even just a roach
Exactly, but what it's all about is money because
Quart cost at least two hundred three hundred fifty dollars in court comfort loan
You want to get a case you can have a case for a lawyer or are they sending to a rehab or an advocate program
I'm gonna cost you money too
With all dollars and
Nickels and bonds and cents it all money, you know saying they're just putting all these people who probably can't afford
Anyway, how many times have I told you sir that you live in a police state? How many years have I been talking about?
Absolutely, but they police state the idea that marijuana has been designated just arbitrarily as an illegal weed and that
Possession of it or even growing a couple of plants can send you rise to jail is so outrageous that if this was any kind of a country of
People with a brain they'd be riding in the streets. They'd be overthrowing this freaking
Fascist government that we got yeah, well, I mean the people who smoke marijuana like I'm a fun a daily basis right when you get caught
Forge for possessing exactly well even doors can vouch for this if you get caught for smoking marijuana
The person go through mine is I can't believe
But I'm about to get you know
Right right exactly you know saying and you know now what it makes me do it now
I don't even feel like leaving my house. I feel like just hiding somewhere my country would be good
Yeah, I can't be in a street anyone to panel it now right anyway, they'll love your show best good luck pal
Let's go bail out guy out. What do you say?
Marijuana police you people in law enforcement the DEA all you people you make me sick to my stomach you're crazy people
You're lunatics lunatics. Oh, but he got me an ass right now. Oh, it's a roach
It's a roach. Let's go to the Roach Motel
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 I realized it's not a very uplifting message to know you live in a god damn police state, but guess what you do
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. Yeah, sir. Hey couple quicky things. I wanted to talk to you about
Janine. No, not Janine. Oh, dammit. I'm trying so hard for poor Jan very bad. Oh god. I feel like crap. You know it was before my time
I was good. You're lucky
First thing I wanted to talk to you was the other night when they had I was watching the news and they were talking about
After that that shooting they had it at Jewish Community Center
Guy on the news makes the comments. You say we're talking to people getting their opinions
And he says we have to come to the realization that the police can't protect us anymore
So we all got a talk of their arms. So what do they want five year olds to walk around in school with them?
Kids would have just had I said that last week if they just want to have a sick shooter on their holster on their side
They'd have been okay. I'm taking pictures of book bag. They're gonna shoot them right the other thing
I want to tell you people with with the ballgame with the
Park they want to build. I'm a sports fan. You know, I'm like one of people with this co-ed in to mitt and badminton
I'll watch it and I'll go so I'm one of the strengths of a little supported anywhere close to where I live
I must be crazy. I must be nuts. We take Miami. Okay pal. Good. The last thing I want to say
One more thing you always complain again. I'm paying you you're missing the point the boils in your court
If you don't read the spot don't read the sponsors the sponsors don't pay
They're not gonna get money believe you they're gonna find a way to pay you quickly. Yeah, okay. Hold on to spots. Okay pal. All right. Bye. Bye. Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and boy talk about the thing with at the shooting California
Since now everybody is so goody two shoes and so Jesse Jackson of all people talk about a hypocrite
You know that show he's got on CNN Sundays between 5 30 and 6 last night
He's got some rabbiats say one thing about the Jews for too many years
We have graveled and kissed the acid like when Nixon was in office. Oh, he's good for Israel. He's good. Yeah, right
Same with Jerry foul ball. Oh, he's good for Israel. Even though he thinks the Jews are all good to burden hell
He's good for Israel. Bull crap
And he got this rabbi on and this more is these guy from the southern poverty
Shmendorak center whatever this and here's Jesse Jackson going on
Decrying all of these hate sites on the internet and talking about all how the government's got to do something
And we got to do this and I'm thinking to myself. I wonder if he's concerned about all those Jews in high-meetown
Yeah, all of a sudden it's born again Jesse who never met a Jew he didn't like unless maybe they lived in high-meetown
Who the hell are you kidding Jesse you phony you opportunist you piece of third
See in high-meetown Jesse
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line we got about 200 open lines here two and a quarter hours to kill until I hang Goldberg show it to from Shulos
We got Kimba Bo camper from six till what till nine thirty five and we got the Marlon Don Los Angeles to play the Dodgers tonight
Wow, that's exciting
Here's a mobile a mobile in Cooper City. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes, sir
A Janet and Dean's a little before most of our time yet to understand we got a little far from out there
There must be somebody as old as I am out there somewhere. No
Your show
I remember that as being a
Hip-off
See here's the guy that doesn't even know Janet Dean and he knows there were nothing but a cheap beach boys rip off very good
If you like those where they now you can watch on e network
They have Hollywood true stories is not a club like every night, but they're but they're all depressing
Nice the
But Neil these shows make us feel better about our lives. Yeah, that's true
I think as part of all those frustrated people that say oh, yeah, I wish I were rich and famous
They take a look at any so I don't think so and Sherry you can do what I did and my daughter did we were on the phone to ticket master at 10 a.m
Saturday couldn't get through finally got through it 10 till one yeah
Saturday got four tickets in the Bob you could see you could have money $500 a piece
And Sherry people like you that make this a miserable place to live exactly and get out of that okay
Thank you Neil dedication
Yeah, cool Todd and Jimmy Ford both major douche bags. Okay, thank you Neil
I guess they told you Sherry a thing or two I'm saying
Freeloting bitch sucks up for two big long paragraphs and then in the last paragraph
Oh, well, you know, she's gonna do this and gonna do it and could I please please?
I don't have the why don't you call power 96 maybe they got some backstreet to boy tickets. Okay
How do I have backstreet boy tickets to give away?
Crazy person
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it. That's right. This guy makes a good point on you whiffer snappers out there
You wouldn't know Janine Dean from Janine Paul Crotch and you're lucky
Here's Hollywood. Hello, Danielle. Yes, sir
I'm pissed up and fired off about about first of all Brown County Commission
Unbeknownst to most people already snuck a one cent tax on yes starting in January
Yeah, and second of all they want us to pay for a damn stadium
I think we want to start a letter writing campaign that everybody wants to open up a business
And wants to expand
Yeah, and let us do the Brown County Commissioners to subsidize it. That's right. Absolutely
Build us a nice huge state of the art facility, right? I think we were a
Floodham right you guys could have a castle over there you guys ought to take over the
What do they call that that the school board built
That crystal palace. Yeah, yeah, you guys should take that over. Okay. This is crap with how about the crystal cathedral
That would be good exactly
That Jerry follow and come visit you too and the Reverend Shuler. Okay. Thanks a lot and maybe windshuler too from Marshall
Michigan understand he's dead. Uh-huh
Anybody remember windshuler from Marshall Michigan? No, Shuler's restaurant of course not
See almost people in the old days that I used to talk to about things that I knew something about they're all dead already
So you know, you got to move onward nipple
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's sport water deal. Hello. How you doing? New pretty good sir. Good. I saw that Janet deep fashion. I'm 28 years old
Blitter and on mm-hmm call behind the music. That's what it's called. What's it called? Yeah, my nine-to-music. That's right
Yeah, I saw that one. I saw like maybe six months ago. It was pretty strange. Wasn't that depressing?
I was very depressed. I have the only person that was unbelievably depressed by the way Jan Berry looks now
Uh, he looked uh or like a dead man. He looked worse than Joseph Gackie
Did nothing worse than Joseph Gackie or sounds worse than Joseph Gackie. Yeah, so now he didn't have more personality than Joe
Yeah, dead or alive. It's gonna be better than Joseph Gackie. Joseph Gackie sucks, okay? Yeah, but I did see that. Okay. Yeah. Thank you
They fought all the time. Uh, especially since he had a stroke or whatever he did
I've been fighting my cats and dogs and they take a break from each other which I find hysterical. He had a stroke
Well, something he's something dude is brain. I think after the car accident messed up his brain pretty badly
Yeah, he was stroking it. He was stroking it right. He sure he needs to stroke it. Nobody else is gonna touch it
That show was incredible and I did see the real knelt one afterwards. Oh my god
I could say that Jesus Christ. It's a VH1. I guess it's for like middle-aged people going through Christ's someone to blow their brains out
The on 28 so I'm not middle-cars. I just I think it's fascinating that stuff
It's it's fun. Even how would you remember Jan and Dean if you 28 hi?
The rip-off Beach Boy rip-offs. I know who they are little they the dead men's curve all that garbage all that stuff
That's that's horrible, but you know
You know, bestie boys, but yeah, they suck
But I've never seen all that someone watch I'm a groupy with it
I mean that's gotta tell you when you got an album with 10 cuts on it and five of them are Beach Boy rip-offs
That tells you how much great material a hen well you saw Brian Wilson being interviewed for that also
Did you see that yeah, I did see it yeah Brian Wilson he wasn't like I'm saying come on Brian sit up and bet at least sit up a little bit
We didn't do it. They were good friends in school and help the mountains like that
So you know, I was all well good, but that shows great. I watch it every every day every day
Make makes you realize that it's not so bad just to be an ordinary P.I. Exactly in a closing meal
A couple douchebags my friend Larry my friend won and my friend Tim major douchebags and big fanzlers. Okay. Thank you, sir
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 1157 here at WQM the home of Greg Reed and all his playmates
Yeah, that's gonna be a new rock group Greg into playmates
I'm cancer and for Zima
Magma
Zavaria
The Ryerson
They can all be attributed to the harmful effects of smoking cigarettes
Hello, I'm William Talbot perhaps you'll remember they have Hamilton burger
Raymond Burr's adversary on every nation. No, and now I'm dead. So take it from me
Get the habit and you won't wind up like I did
Don't smoke and you'll never die
Ever
It's messaged paid for by the Millets and Dan Pysmoffy Kennedy for immortality
Hey
promo to it 5 60 WQM all your kids out there Peeley Reese's dead only 81 years old could live to be a hundred
But he was smoking all those damn faggots and that's why he's dead lung cancer. Did they tell you about that? No?
Joe to Magio 84 years old. He's dead lung cancer. There you go
That was the beginning of the end for all the Jolton Joe
They want to talk about that. Did he do any PSA to keep the kids from smoking?
Isn't it interesting by the way as much as they're soon all the tobacco companies
It's still legal to smoke cigarettes in America
You know anybody who got who got the lung cancer from smoking the wicked weed?
Anybody know? No
And you want to know why because nobody smokes that much that they're going to get goddamn lung cancer or lip cancer or tongue cancer or cancer of the
rest of the other guy damn kind of cancer
You know anybody that smokes three packs of joints a day? No no
Yeah, even an Amsterdam
Yeah, three packs of joints
I got your joint right over here, okay?
Okay, okay
No comments about macaroni grill by the way somebody is recommending full videos and Davey whichever good things about that
It's like the Armadillo Cafe
It's probably over there on Davey Road Extension and looks like a real hole in a wall
But when you go inside I'm not looking for restaurants
I just mentioned that I was taken to the macaroni grill and a Joe and JP bought the amela
Was great and we had a good time except for oh man rib
I argue people crazy and there were what
And then does that make me narrow-minded or a bigot because of the fact I don't want I don't care whether he's white
I don't care whether it's a male a female I don't care who it is
I don't want somebody from the kitchen to come out and regale me with singing some
indistinguishable song in the middle of my great meal
That was the only negative rate of the entire experience
Besides having a waiter who knows bigot English
I'm less banuel and then tag in restaurant
Go away Jose
560 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line got two 300 open lines here this hour. No waiting
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I've been airplane chat. You call me off guard for a second
Two things real quick
Number one you're talking about people that do jail time
What do you mind shot his father killed him shot his mother twice?
Yeah, he's getting out in about two weeks. He got sentenced in 97 first degree murder
He's getting out after being only being sentenced 97
And the best part is he is crazier than a bed bug and when his time's up
They're gonna throw him right back out on the street. Great. No matter how crazy he is excellent
It's unbelievable. I mean he is absolutely nuts. That's the American fucking way right
And number two
I heard a news thing the other day some guy got 35 years for sleeping with the 14 year old. Yeah, that's right
And it was a consensual relationship and the judge because he was uh got on a wrong side of bed that they
Gave him 35 years in jail. I guess I've one question all the cops that were sleeping with that 16 year old
Yeah, I'm gonna get them are gonna get 35 year old
We're still waiting for the rest of the story like Paul Harvey would say where is the rest of the story?
I'm gonna get 35 years none none
All right, no good luck. I'll play
Okay, 16,000 open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
35 years. Okay, 14 is pretty damn you. Did you really Lewis get the 35 years for a mirroring his 14 year old cousin? No
But God forbid that somebody should be out there with a couple of plants in their backyard or with a roach interagent ray
And any American public sits back you know in Lala land like oh, yeah
You understand this is real bad be sure to talk to your kids about pot and how evil it is pot and pan
I talked about spicking spand before I talk about pot and pan
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Just remember the anti marijuana people are the crazy people and the hypocrites
They're probably the ones that are stuffing that powder up their nose like George W. Bush may have
Both that be something huh
Wouldn't that be great just like they found out about Dan quail by the way in all the weed that he did and the story never even really made the light of day
And he still got like six votes still got beat up by Alan Keith
Nice going Danny boy you moron
Here's Miami hello, Neil. Yes, sir
I remember win chula best restaurant in the world
No, I wouldn't go that far but it was pretty good. I'm close. Yeah, I remember when you're upset
I told you this years ago once you'd call on that
Well, you were yelling not upset at all. Yes, we wanted to why I'm not upset because I haven't seen
Raw today and I better not see him
Okay, but your pacifier for all of us to yeah, put the gunner Bob Prins on yeah, okay. Thank you
I'll fight don't put any more 90 year old people on five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line sir
Get with it. Okay, you know what this reminds me of that other thing VH1 is doing that's really pissing me off
Is the 60s obsession they've done now?
You know, in first of all we got this millennium bullcrap so everything has to be a retro-specative and also we just had wood stock 99
Which of course was a disaster but nevertheless so everything is not stale's in now. I don't want to go back to the 60s
The 60s suck to be honest with you and they did the 50s were pretty damn good which you would know about 50s were great
Aussie and Harriet
Leave it in Dever. Well, all I could stuff, you know
Father knows breast
But the 60s to be very honest with you they sucked
The 60s manufactured people like Woody Graber there you go that's what's wrong with the 60s
And how does those plane tickets coming by the way for November Woody
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line all this bullcrap about the 60s and how great it was and Janice jobland
She sure could sing could she sing he couldn't sing a word of a paper sack
Big Bobby yeah, yeah, she was great
You know when you do that when when you're when you're under the influence of acid so they tell me
Then everything sounds great, you know
Or everything sounds the same one of the other
Here's 10 I don't want to hear about you. I don't want to hear your drug stories. Okay. Here's Tamara. Hello
How about the Donna Weach-o? Yeah, okay, Neil. That was pretty good. I remember Janet Dean to me
Janet Dean the whole thing with dead type music was hominy and that kind of music influenced the Beatles
Janet Dean and the Beach Boys it's that date
Yeah, okay, I got a
About called about something else that you see please the teenager watch last week the new Britney Spears song. Yes
I did what did you think of it? What I think of the song about I think of her breastfeeding over the uh
I thought it was pretty heavy do the is what I thought I went to the three Mauling games the other day when I played the
Giants because I'm a giant fan for 45 years and a bar is of it yeah, and it was a girl sitting to my left
They could have been more than 16. Yeah, that made Britney Spears look flat
She walked up the listen. Yeah, I gotta believe this story
She went over to the guide usher and said could I have a ball the usher says to go by the stance because I was in the second row
He says just bend over and one of the players will throw your ball
Sure enough sure enough the second basement. I think his name is Castillo in the maulins. Yeah rose her a ball
The guy in back and he says to her how young is too young? Don't you know
That if you do that you'll get anything in life that you want. Yeah, could you believe this? Yes, I can
Unbelieve always works for George. That's why I Shannon here call him on the floor. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay
How young is too young? Okay, we got 1600 open lines. I can see it's gonna be Jan and Dean till two
Alonzo you're so big
And now another edition of what
Here today what if Janice joplin were an avon lady
Yes, man help you
Junior next time to find out what would happen if Nancy Reagan lost weight
Let's bolt it in just then it appears that the first lady has disappeared. We next we ask
Nancy can we borrow that red dress? No, it's 12 15 to 5 60 WQ I am
I'm gonna read these articles these are letters to editor by Luis McGellen and play like two hours of Luis McGellen
Unless we really get these phones sizzling and smoking here. Let's get some Shannon Dean talk not
That kind of sends me a caustic facts. Yeah, geek. You don't know Janet Dean and all these men and this guy's gonna be
And he couldn't even do it in a straight face. They were big influence on a Beatles
Yeah
And arrow smith to make no mistake about that
Here's a mobile and pompano hello
Neil yes, sir
I wasn't seen that movie the Blair with project. Have you seen it yet? No, I sure have not
Do not under no circumstances. No, if I want to see vertigo. I'll go see the Alfred Hitchcock version
I'm telling you my head was pound and I'm
Yeah, you know that I read it. I read a two thing
They said that a lot of the theater owners are getting real upset because people were puking their guts out in the theaters because they were getting dizzy
They were getting vertigo from all the apieu can
Definitely it's like the worst home movie ever seen. Now here's the real scary part
You ready for the scary part? Yeah look there's a pile of rocks in front of our tent. Oh, it's not scary
I don't yeah the second scary part and
That's right. Wait a minute. That's the show to show you
I paid 80 million dollars how stupid the public is all you got to do is say
Oh, this is different and unique and really something all of a sudden all these morons go rushing out to see you
Neil it was so pitiful and so bad yeah
We never see something a home movie and they're feeling and they're loose with the camera
It's busy and all of a sudden they put it out of the ground and don't turn it off
Half the movie is the cameras on the ground and they're talking and there's nothing scary
No bookie man. There's not it. There's no dialogue. It's absolutely retarded. I hear that I'm in the home movie
So have a great day
Guys a little bit a little bit too wired for me there, you know what I'm saying just a little bit too talkative for me
I understand that even the camera guy that carries the camcorder on the Tom Green show
Even he don't wobble it as much in the camera either
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line the player which project and we had people calling in here a couple of weeks ago
Trying to defend and say it was a good flick and go and see it
I've talked to 65,000 people between dead and now and I've read 62,000 articles about it and every single one of them said save your money
Okay, people are starving don't waste your money on that piece of hype crap
The Blair bitch project
But but you gotta understand this is and then they're all writing these articles all the suit of intellectuals all the Hollywood studios are
Terrier how I heard out because it made all this money and it was a low budget film it wasn't a film it was a goddamn joke
A bunch of kids with a goddamn camera taking out the goddamn wood somewhere. Oh, let's make a movie here you go
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, by the way, that bluer which shocked right. That's what I hear
But what I want to ask you is your opinion on this the 1020 life law. Yeah, I was I was watching the news and they were talking about a guy in Fort Lauderdale
Who got a pulled over arrested they found some cocaine in the car and they determined that you know he had in 10 to distribute
Yeah, then also they found a gun and now that becomes a 10 year
Mandatory sent good
You agree with that yes, I do it that could be just as well if you would have got pulled over with
Marijuana with an attention. No, that I don't agree. No, of course not
But that's but that's the way the law is structured. Yeah, if you would have got pulled over in it and it would happen
I've been marijuana and the gun right it's a 10 year man
Mandatory sent sir let me say it again. There shouldn't be any penalty for possession of
growing distributing selling doing anything with marijuana if a plant that grows in the ground
No, I understand I agree 100% but the way that the way that
That 1020 life law is yeah, if you get caught doing anything
Right and you happen to have a gun not not that you use the gun
But you went you asked me my opinion the goblet of cocaine in the gun and I said I agree with that and I know no
No, I'm anyone you're opinion on the the 1020
Life
The mandatory about the gun. Yeah in addition to which it's a farce anyway because most of those cases get plea bargain
Anyway before they finally you know ever come the court so the it's it's a mood point
But in my understanding that it's like the mandatory three-year sentence that they used to have you know
And all those billboards up for years it was a joke most of the cases got plea bargain a lot of the guys never spent more like six months in jail
But I thought if they got arrested that's a 10-year man of mandatory sentence period
Is that how it works?
Well, I'm not how it works. I have no idea somebody will tell me
Yeah, I'm interested to hear with people up to say about that. Okay. Thank you
And tell George W to put the white powder away. Okay, it's time to take a powder
We don't mind the BC powder especially if you're from Georgia or Arkansas
But we don't like that white powder especially if you want to sit up there with your finger on the button with your finger on it
5 6 705 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello
Yeah, deal how you doing okay, sir
I'm going back to Jan and Dean and trying to give you worse than Jan and Dean. Yeah, how about Fabian Forte?
Fabian was the worst he was the worst but at least at least there were people who thought he looked good
I'll say Jan very look a lot better than he did right and
Another one you can kind of a disgusting Philadelphia way. I guess you looked okay. Right. Did you do in the don't yeah, I think they were worse
And the royal team who did short shorts pretty bad. Yeah
I guess it's all relative. I kind of like Jan and Dean. I love Jan and Dean maybe talk to remember baby talk. Yeah
And
Pardon I said there was great
Okay, that's it. That's like
But you didn't see the piece on ph1. I take it on what they look like
I've seen a bunch of others. I haven't seen that one. Oh
If it comes on shut it off immediately you'll be so depressed you will you won't speak for weeks. I'm telling you
They look so good on big quarts American bandstand back in the 60s. Yeah, they look good with dick
Have a great day. All right, I see you in fact. I think they're in that new movie dick, aren't they I think
Yeah, Jan buries in there
5670560 pound 560 on a mobile one line boy. I'm telling you let me say it again anybody that believes in God
You take a look at that Janet Dean thing and take one look at Jan Berry for about two seconds and you'll say oh my god exactly
What has got wrought
Here's Hollywood hello
Hello
Hollywood
Yes, sir, what's the best marijuana you ever smoked? I never smoked any sir about 20 years ago
I smoked a little and give me a bad headache. What's the best you ever smoked probably the I think the crypt is the best yeah
Yeah, but it costs a lot. Yeah
But did you hear about that? Come on over here. We got a lot of good stuff here at QAM power 96
That's where they got the good crap. Oh, yeah, yeah, I don't know
But did you hear about the crash on
Shared in street at 441 and four kids died yes the fourth one died in a concussion. Yes
Yeah, they were my best friend the sad isn't it and really a sin they said they were going like over 80 or 100
That's what happens when you don't you know just
Our smart ass. Yeah, and they said the other kids and the Mustang were drinking mm-hmm
So man, it's just a sad lot of the community like I said stay away from the most things that all caused okay pal hanging there
Subscribe to the community see I'm I'm concerned now in that particular case
You got people irresponsible on both sides what I get real nervous about is like one one car
They're drinking and the smoking and whatever they're doing in the one car and stone out of their mind
And responsible and then some poor bastard is just going through the intersection or making a turn like that thing
We had in South-Ade yesterday. Do you see that one?
Happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Oh, oh dead or maybe main for life
That's what I get real upset about
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Let's hear from 70 this audience who doesn't know who Jan and Dean is it doesn't want to know that's what we're gonna hear
Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello. Hey Neil born in
70 don't care about Jan and Dean good. That was quick service. I can't get it. I can't go see a movie because it gave me a headache
What kind of pushpuss as you got calling this show Neil meaning what
Meaning if you can't handle seeing a goddamn movie stay at home. What the hell man? I don't know about you
But when I go to a movie, I don't want to see the picture like shaking all over the place
I want to sit there and like you know be able to watch without getting the headache. Yeah, that's true
But I mean that's a little bit of an exaggeration the fact that the entire movie was shaking all over
What what what percentage the movie would you say it was?
What percentage yeah, I don't know during most of the during the parts where they were running
Which was I don't know they hardly ever really ran they just kind of like you know
Well
Well, is that what you how long is that movie by an hour and a half probably?
And you want to see a bunch of kids in the woods walk around around for an hour and a half saying oh my god
There's a bunch of rocks over there. Well, I can't keep spinning around like a dreidel
I guess the point was that it just goes to show you that you don't need to be like a mega million dollar studio to
You know put out of interesting flick. No
First of all, it wasn't interesting based on everybody I've talked to in number two
It goes to show you that hype can sell any crap that you come out with that's that's what it shows
That's too bad now. See yeah
Yes too bad that I want to agree with you pal
See you're the one that's just going along with it with what everybody is saying all these experts
Oh the Hollywood moguls are having a nervous breakdown because this movie is grossed 80 million dollars
And it was made with a $50 budget and yada yada yada
And because a lot of idiots out there because it became a cult thing, you know
And a lot of things that become a cult thing are swill our garbage, okay
I'll give you a perfect example. Anybody seen the rocky horror picture show lately?
I mean that was fun the first 600 times, okay
And throwing a bunch of crap at the screen and of course when you come up with a movie like that
You deserve that a bunch of crap throwing at the screen. That's all that movie was good for
We're throwing a bunch of rotten fruit if you part of that expression at the screen and most of the people in the audience were a bunch of rotten fruit
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one by the way look away look out for those runaway S is okay
That's the best giveaway, okay with somebody starts speaking about those two bad JP ain't here
He doesn't better than anybody I know and the S is to play like men and they look like women
Like that's where we come from much of them the darling pizza with the onion to cut yourself a little closer believe me
Nothing could have been gross up and you're a dragon with a big bad invisible planet and you didn't do nothing about it
You're the blame you knocked me old but man and I don't Josh you got to find yourself a least too much into our mouthwash
Repents and a good rinse when you started talking everybody left
Better take action on your oral offense the order right your mouth or a loser friend
We
Come 30 5 60 WQ and we don't have time for this show now
We're watching global groove on MTV and they got busy a lot of a lot of people on there on the beach
They got busy busy people doing busy things on a beach and we're busy washing it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
As managed would say
Here's a pepper pine. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. When is tardis? When I thought this the guy to call about the 10 20 life
He's wrong. Yeah, if you caught with a gun
That's a piece not the 10 20 life that doesn't apply if you're if you use the gun in a crime in a commission of a crime right exactly
How did so if the guy is worried about getting caught?
All right now, let me ask you this if you're caught if that applies do they are they keep a little plea bargaining out of that or is that a
course of course because you know
They don't have to retort the problem
We have no much law in this state. That's really automatic. They tell you oh, yeah, it's automatic
You're done you get and then they plea bargain it away anyway. They never serve you know more than six months the only thing mandatory is the the drug loss
Yeah, it's you know like I got a friend that's in jail for
10 years. I caught with a sheet of acid
10 years they gave yeah, and he's he has mandatory
What about your sheet that is yeah mandatory sentence 85% of that so he's got to survey it in a half years
Also, I got sick and Blair Witch don't see it. Okay later. Thanks. See there's another guy that says a Blair Witch project
Wasn't that one the chance needs big hits I think wasn't a puke city. Yeah
Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 we took a poll here. We talked to 172,000 people about the Blair Witch project and they all said save your money honey
Don't waste your time. It's crap. It's Dreck
Every single one of them said that except some of the young sues who think that it's cool and have to say oh, yeah, man
That was really great. That was scary. That was really scary
The only thing that's scary to me is that anybody will waste their money to go see it that's scary
Here's my any hello
Hey, and you how you doing okay, sir? I've been listening to your show for about three years now. Yes, and I listen to you for two reasons
Uh, number one because I agree with 95% of the things that you say and number two your funniest hell yes
And one of the things that I don't agree with you with the religion topic
Yeah, I'm a seventh day Adventist Christian and
As I know you're an atheist right yes, and
The only thing I really don't agree is that I don't know why you put down or badmouth people that believe in Jesus Christ
When you know, I wouldn't even mind you having having you over in my home for dinner. Yeah, and you know
I wouldn't well when did I ever do that? I never I never said you can't believe in whatever
I always say you believe in whatever for details you want just don't use it as a weapon against other people
That's exactly what I'm saying
I wouldn't like those people in Ireland with those Madeline
uh
Longries that they had on 60 minutes last night where they sent all those hundreds of thousands of women away because they were thinking about having sex or maybe they ditto
Around one time and they sent them away and they found all those bodies buried uh, huh?
You know, I wouldn't judge you or condemn you to help or be an atheist. Yeah, I would just try to I respect everybody's opinion
You know, and if you're opinion is being respected me if it's a there's a difference between my respecting your right to have an opinion
I'm I respecting what that opinion is
Exactly, you know, I wouldn't bad mouth you or or send you the help of being an atheist. Yeah, you know, and I know you can't send me to hell
I'm already there
No, no, you don't have to say that. I'm in Florida. Oh, okay, that's okay. That I agree with that. I'm gonna go out Florida man
That's one of the 90% things that I agree with I work for Greg Reed. I'm already there. All right
Anyway, you know, have a good day. I work for a man. Dumber than sawed us. Yes, have a good day, and I you know keep going new good job
Okay, I've got bless you sir. All right. Okay
I've always said that believe in whatever bubble my sees you want just leave everybody else alone
That's all there is simple as that do no harm leave everybody else alone believe in little green goblins on the goddamn moon whatever you want
5 6 7 0 5 60 pine you'll notice every single one of these web hate sites
It's the church of this and the world church of that etc and so on
They may be a little more dangerous than most of your so-called mainstream religions or at least they're a little bit more forthcoming about where they're coming from
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park hello
Oh, come park. Yes, sir. It sounds like you no mobile. I'm on a pay phone. Here's a pay phone in Oakland Park
Listen, I got a job this morning by seven o'clock listen to the first day. Yeah, you come on at 10
10 35 I get a police pull up. Tell me I got to turn you off not down off
All the lawmowers all the machines I'm using they don't hear that they just hear you. I gotta turn you off
We're in the police state mail
So I can't hear you today, but so I finished the job. I guess I could turn you back on when I get on the road
I just figured I'd let you know that in passing. Okay. I had to turn you off. Thanks for the good news. All right. Okay
Well, he's hanging around with the wrong porkers. I'll tell you that most of the porkers love this show, baby
They love me and of course the ones that don't look out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and I'm oh they're just in a bad mood because I said that the god damn pot police need mental help
And they know it. They're not the ones who make the god damn laws. They're not the ones who make policy
Oh two more cops by the way. You see that on a cocaine deal a big drug ring the head and mine
She they don't mess around with stuff like marijuana. That's that's small potatoes. It's like Frankie pentangely
They don't muck around with small potatoes. They go for the big stuff the white powder
Here's another bullet and we got more Cubans that drifted around out there at sea. There's another bulletin for you
Here's a mobile in the gables. Hello
A meal a couple things
First of all how come across the Blair Witch Project 60,000 bucks to make a home movie
Yeah, that's a good point. I don't I don't cry. I'm not and I think I'm
Most people can make a home movie for the cost of the film. Yeah, for three cameras at a 500 bucks each you know in some film
I think it's a hundred bucks to live in a woods for a week that's like we're in a minute two thousand dollar budget
Um, I've been in my amg for five years. I'm happy to say I'm moving out
All right. Yeah, going going back home to California. Oh
So uh, uh, don't want to eat and the immigrants the whole deal
Have any get back to back to the USA. Okay. Well, so I had a fill for us. Are you sure?
Absolutely. Okay. Have a good one
Another guy bailing out of this god for second place
You know, that's one of those things we're stuck here. We got to make the most of it until we can get out
Counting the days marking those days off on our website nice. Go on by the way, Eric
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
I mean you can dilute yourself. I saw some stupid letter the editor the other day about Carl Heisen and the iguana
Look at what happened to that poor guy that was chasing the iguana in that lake. You see that
dead
There's a message for all your kids out there if you see an iguana in the middle of a lake no matter how much you love animals
Don't be chasing an iguana in the lake
Not worth risking your life for an iguana
A Carl Heisen says if it was a manatee then you might want to think about jumping in
In fact better yet leave the damn manatee alone Carl. How's that sound that okay? Uh-huh. Yeah
So the poll continues and virtually unanimous the Blair Witch project a real piece of
crap
Anybody who's want to be honest will tell you that and of course the people who want to be like in and hip and cool
Etc. They'll say oh no man you're wrong. It was great. Yeah
Yeah, god. I still think I got my roar allergy
This is the meal Roger's show
Oh god
Any questions? No
I'm a person
Oh
I'm a man
It's a
absurd
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a man
How young
The chorus girl will it work
Paul Finch looks like such a jerk Jim grads the apple pie and goes berser
It is one roasting after another
We do you see stifler's mother she makes 50 grand
She's in Mrs. Robbins' bed
I can't believe it's
I'm a scream
It's 95 percent of
scene
You will wonder why
They didn't call it
Apple
I
It's not the money
It's the writing
You're an American pie to say this movie
Second 30 year was not be alive
The only
It's beans on party after the prom all the
Kifting this movie is the bomb
Oh right
We get in the call in time
From 44 to 5.50 W to Q.A.M.
What's that called American fly
And by the way speaking of people who belong behind bars for a long time
Whoever invented the button fly
That person should be put away for a very long time
5.670
What
Don't like button flies
Huh
It's an impediment man
I don't prefer them
I hate them
Dispise them
Or you didn't see Tom Green last week
Where he's doing the thing with the zipper you didn't see that
No
There's nothing like a zipper maybe
5.6705 60
Prom 560 on the mobile one line
Here's my me B
I'm the old soldier Blair witcher project last night
I've got to tell you it made me and my wife
Physically ill
I got to tell you I wished they sold drama mean at Upcorn counter
That's how bad it was the handheld camera business for 90 minutes
It was just terrible my kids who saw it in New York
They said it the same reaction
I mean it made us physically ill we had a sit in our seats at the moment
To get a juck it and I'm not kidding you
Only movie in history I guess except the excesses where they gave people a puke bag when they came into the city
I should have I'm telling you they should have sold drama mean at the popcorn counter
Yeah was that bad
Excellent
It was to anyone who's listening folks I got to tell you
I had an action I had and my kids in New York
Obviously a generation younger than I had the same reaction both of them
And we should have taken their advice don't see it
There you go
It was the only you got to learn a hard way you got to learn for yourself
Oh boy you're right it's terrible it was the only movie that we could make at the time we were out
So we figured okay let's give it a shot and it was it was nauseating
I'm serious physically nauseating not because of the content but for the story but because of the way it was photographed and shot
I can't believe that you're leaving the kids in the movie shot
Okay thanks for the good news and don't do it again
Right 5 6 7 or so there you go as the beat goes on maybe for the Blair Witch project as we continue on masking the bull crap
I told you this before most of life is artificial it's synthetic it's hype it's bull crap don't get sucked in the hype
One thing to get sucked in but don't get sucked in the hype
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line if you saw it and you liked it
We dare you to call in try to justify your crappy taste and you probably like vanilla ice cream too
See there were kids puking at the excesses but the excesses was a great movie that's the difference
And the excesses was really scary unlike this piece of crap
But a bunch again no I didn't see the movie but I sure sure as I saw enough clips were crying out loud
The excesses
In fact that's what they had to do is they had to force all these kids to win so that like the Blair Witch project
You will see a free screening of the excesses again
Then you'll see what a real horror movie is all about
Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale hello
Hi Neil yes sir
Long time listener on the Blair Witch project
Yes 0
What a bummer
Oh man it was horrible
Yeah
It's a total letdown
Yeah
Okay I'm glad you liked it thank you
There's a guy said it sucked there's another one
How do you like that now we're getting something they can sink their teeth into because it bites
The Blair Witch project one of the worst pieces of crap
Any pseudo intellectuals that get on the media there are national television
Enter going on and on and on having their big circles here about oh gee this is great
They should teach a lesson to all those big Hollywood producers spending their millions and millions for the big stars okay
Oh guess what movie I watched almost in its entirety again last night as much as I despised Oliver Stone
And you know something every now and then I'll get a mental block over somebody's name
And there's always a reason
And you do know and I know this will come as a shock to you because he's very very famous
I can't stand him
The actor that's in the movie from the untouchables and the field of dreams and JFK
And you know I can't think of his name
Give me a clue
What
Okay
Cousin
Curry Grant
Cousin
Oh geez
Now you see why I had a mental block
Kevin Costner
I mean I know it like I know where my thumb is on my left hand
But for some reason I just have a mental block and during the course of the movie I kept thinking what is his name
I mean I was and I can my memory isn't going baby I can think of horse races from 35 years ago that's always the test
Here comes Bucky Dale on the outside with Francis Oh here I school in Francis but anyway
JFK and I watched it again last night and I don't know if I get actually I liked it better this time
Even though that part was real fishy was horrible that was it and it was a nitch group and echo but they did this and it was horrible
Still haven't seen born before the July that and then of course the thing with what was his name with the bad here play Shaw
Was that David Lee Schwartz that played the play Shaw?
Yes
James Rill Schwartz yeah Tommy Lee Schwartz
But at any rate yeah you know a little bit too a Faye you know he's going to go home and mix some A2 Faye whatever the hell I was you know
A little bit too Faggy for even me but
Well the Faggy that it that must be it huh?
That Lee Harvey Oswald Schwartz
Here's the mobile in North Miami hello
How you doing okay sir? Hey you know I have a couple of points yes
First this Warren drugs is ridiculous the what?
The Warren drugs that this country is perpetrating the Warren commission or the Warren drug deal
Yeah I mean they're all they're doing is they're making the South American countries poor
And like for example in Columbia this people the highest per capita murders per capita kidnabies horrible
And this hypocrites do you hear what happened down there?
The wife of the colonel of the embassy under the American colonel was sitting coke up here?
Did you hear about that? He was doing what? Shipping coke?
Yeah they were shipping coke up here yeah
A bunch of hypocrites and a second point I prefer Pepsi my saw
Yeah yeah yeah second point and this Cubans I don't understand they're coming over here
Nobody have any Pepsi up there knows anyway go ahead be Cubans yeah these damn Cubans
The damn Cubans are damn straight now he's the nanopickers yeah
Yeah they're coming over here every day they're coming over here every day
At least flesh eating exactly they're coming over here every day they're getting dropped up to one day yards from the coke
Yeah yeah and that was it I think I think you just got hijacked by a Cuban
We're else by Bob Green because he said something bad about the coast
5670560.560 on a mobile one line
What the hell was he talking about?
Don't start with the Cubans again today just because George came back today don't start with the Cubans
Here's Miami hello you mind a wrong line I must be here's Miami over here hello
Neil yes sir how you doing great I'm one of your superstars
I'm gonna have a canada juzio bastard all right how you doing I haven't heard it a long time great play for me
Well wait a minute I'm like I want to tell you know excellent that I want to say hi to my girlfriend
She's listening to you and she's in Gibraltar she's listening on the internet yeah in Gibraltar
Wow a real country where nobody owns guns right you know what I mean
All right keep keep it up she's between you rock in a hard place yes that's right my rock okay me go yeah you wish
He sent it to her by long distance scored score over the internet
5670560.560 on a mobile one line on a really tumultuous Monday here anybody believe that
No as they're ripping the Blair Witch project which I thought was a tremendous movie anybody believe that
No I'm so glad that I saved the five or six bucks not that I can't afford the five or six bucks
But I just am not interested in getting vertigo see in a movie with a bunch of horrendous I remember when they did that on the news
It's got to be years like 10 years ago they started doing that it lasted about a week
And the viewer complaints were so great and everybody was going why are they doing this what is wrong with these people
We know they're crazy but why are they doing this with the shake rattle and roll on the goddamn news
I think it was channel four which used to be channel six I think they were the ones that were doing it right in the middle of dinner
Out nothing like turn on the TV news and they got the shaky cam on there I did like shaky's pizza though I love shaky's not as good as God
Fathers you know that I don't care what anybody says that was the best pizza that we ever had in South Florida was God
Fathers and the people here have got such crappy crappy crappy paste that they went out of business here
Now they're headquartered in Omaha and I think they're still around I do believe I think
And some of the people like my old friend Havier how's my buddy Havier from WS news days who introduced me to God Fathers
Down here on Kendall on Sunset Drive anybody remember that I bet you do I remember Havier
Oh yeah I long for his pepperoni any every day of my life Havier one of your people I think
But they had a little problem in that family you know I think I had a little other knows how to join or something like that but nevertheless that was such a great place
God Fathers with that deep with that real oh God was that good the cheese on top and they had the Mexican one that was my favorite the real spicy spicy one
Mmm and the pizza too
Ah you can't live in a past you got to move forward you know there are all these good things and the good things go the way of the wind and the crap the crap you know
McDonald's they keep it in bigger and bigger and bigger more and more schmucks keep taking their kids to McDonald's and even I go there and answer them because the rest of the food there sucks
But the good stuff like what like wolves
Wves WUV wolves there was a hamburger chain that was a thousand times better than McDonald's
It was even better than Wendy's which I like Wendy's they had the best onion rings in the history of the human race at wolves and guess what they're gone and
They said well they tried to expand too fast they should have been able to expand fast because they were great
Wves was sensational not good it was great and it's gone because the public out there their taste is in there that's the problem
Everything tastes like a penny to them
Here's a mobile and crow spring hello
Hi Neil how are you?
Good I'm a little lady from Highly of Stylfila
I was on 95 last week
Oh my
Exactly this woman was in front of me doing about I would say 38 miles now in the left lane
In the left hand the passing lane on the interstate yes
And you know right when I'm just ready to bring in her a long comes a brow chair front bike cuts right in front of her
Sticks is right out and points for her to get the hell out of the way
Really yeah, all right let's hear it for a porkers
That's the first exactly no ticket but how she got out of the house excited beauty I love it
Have you got a little bit in the closing door things all right and God bless him whoever that porker is out there nice job sir
God forbid you should give a ticket to one of those old fossils but at least get him the hell out of the way
That's the thing to do next time you see that happen
You just open up the window and you scream get out of the way you old fart you old fossil get out of my way you disgusting old piece of third
Tell him I get excited about it and where the hell's my pin oh thank God I get so insecure nervous when I lose my pen
1256 at 560 WQAM well, you know you got to have something firm in your hand at all times like maybe one of those great Stogies from NYSIGARS
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
All your time to it and I'll just serve it. Well, I'll say how you know
I'll say care of things
Take care of them and I'm a big deal plan with them
It's here in the middle of the window
Your run for the little goofy dog can't you never have them in New York so change the mind running in the night
You know
102 at 560 WQAM we got the big one to our Hank Goldberg its your last day to today
Hank's gonna be doing a couple hours on Jan and Dean today
Six o'clock we got Kimba both camper 930 we got the pregame the marlins and the Dodgers and the West Coast any interest in that?
No, it's gonna be big it's gonna be gigantic
Oh, there's a really big in gigantic. There's Britney
Anybody care if they're not real no
All these and this guy got to read these maybe I'll see it for tomorrow. Maybe it'll be all the least Miguel Tuesday tomorrow just a little
Three incredible
Oh
These people are so slow you know
Luis Miguel's voice is magical is that something new?
No, how many years have I been telling the public that greatest voice in the world? I don't care what you say by the way mister
Greatest voice in the history of the human race Luis Miguel. I mean I realize he's no Olympic biscuit, but
And by the way they suck
Here's a mobile in candle hello
Yeah, sir you brought this up about an hour ago, but I just got to a phone
Whenever the windshield is dead. Yeah, the windshield restaurant is still in business and still very good. All right
Hans runs it now Hanshler right he says you will enjoy it or else great restaurant
Yeah, I knew when I used to do a show out of the restaurant in Marshall. I was a con lunch in at shulers right
I was there then I'm from Marshall W. A. L. M. and Albie and Michigan that you MRR and Marshall those are the days baby for about
75 bucks a week
Right it's nineteen nineteen late 50s early 60s. How was there in 64 I believe right?
I went to Michigan State and graduated in 62 all right. Okay. Have a good. He's your home, man. All right. All right. Let's go back to MSU
I'm going to go back and live in the dorm for a couple years. I
Listen, I mean if I knew that all of the honestly they had so many ugly guys in that dorm
I think back at us in high school I had great looking guys in Canada with New York, but in college Jesus guy were they ugly?
Huh? Oh, yeah, they were really ugly in my dorm
Maybe it didn't tell me was just a dorm for the ugly guys because I know West jaw that was the dorm for the jocks
Where nobody ever went see I was confused because I thought that in my dorm was the moment nobody should go to class so I didn't bother
Why Sean I wasn't they go to class they also didn't buy any textbooks
How many textbooks you need for basket weaving and wind surfing?
Here's the mobile and Davie hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to tell you a funny story about the Blair Witch project. Yes
A couple weeks ago me and my buddies went and they all you can eat Chinese food at this place in North Miami
And we then we flew down low chow's young always ridiculous then we flew down to the movie theater down on Miami Beach
We got there late to lose only one two seats left in the front row
We're sitting in the front row full of Chinese food and then the way that
Needless to say my buddy got up and ran out and vomit it all over the bathroom
I made me sick as well. We really enjoyed the movie, but I just want to tell you listeners don't eat all you can eat
And then sit in the front row down in Miami and watch it because you're looking for a tough tough night
I know and I front row is better than like in the middle though
Well, I mean there was no one else for us to sit and we didn't think it was gonna be a big deal until we saw how the movie was held with the camera and shot and
Hopefully he didn't vomit on me. Have a great day. I had a good time. Okay
The least Miguel's voice is magical so it says that betqueenir nothing could be meaner than a latent and queener from North Bergen, New Jersey
I'll say that for tomorrow. We'll go into that. Hey listen
We look what a hit we had with Jan and Dean today. Oh, that was big. Oh, that was gigantic
Even it listed it not one but two hostile factions from the same jackass out there. It's got his Janberry blowup doll
I sure hope it looks like the Janberry before the accident
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. It's me. I'm a guy
My wife said I was a chronic because I talked to him more than three times in five years
I don't know why I don't think so. Okay
Hey, I was in Tampa a few weeks ago and I had a de afternoon off and they got this really neat little theater a mill of downtown
For example, yeah, and it was
There's a big marquee sign outside said buster Keaton film festival and I thought well, that's something to do on a Saturday afternoon
It's like over there. It's so festival and I'd buy a ticket and it turns out it's the Blair Witch thing
I didn't know anything about the airway. Yeah, so I didn't give you know
I wasn't all excited about seeing it. I didn't know it was so I go and watch it and before 10 minutes is up
I was thinking I was in the South Park movie the way they were using the f-word so much. Yeah
That must be why everybody liked it so much. There's a
F words in there. Oh, yeah, I mean it's like a you know like to surround talking F this up that is
Yeah, and by time the witch came on. I was hoping to kill all of them
Really stunk though that was one of the worst movies and all the the nose picking Tampa guys they come out of the movie said
That's a terrible movie. Of course they even the nose pickers hated it. How do you like that? Oh, I know it was bad
Hey one more thing I want to tell my buddy Bruce Raiva. He's a ping pong plan douchebag. Okay
I have a great day. Don't do it again. Even in Tampa they hated it. Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th you on here's a mobile and lake worth hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. How you feeling today? Pretty good
I only picked you up about an hour ago. Mr. Friday
I don't know if you were a home Saturday, but this I was
Huh? Yes, I was this was the most boring weekend of my life
Well, my wife was watching TV with the kids and they were on Disney to head some special with the backstreet boys
Right, they're also like two hours my wife's night. Who are these guys?
She fell in love with them. Your wife said who are these guys? Yeah, where is she hiding these days?
What kind of a clown?
The bank she worked okay, so and
And when you talk about Godfather's pizza
Did you know how these new gas stations are putting in like McDonald's and all that kind of stuff with them now and Taco Bells
There's one in Stewart that I go by it's Godfather's pizza
There's a Godfather's in the store. Yeah, it's a Godfather's pizza in a half gas station
It's a brand new place just opened up. Yeah, I'd pick up a pizza, but it's cold as hell by the time I got it back to you. Yeah
Their pizza was great and and close and you'll have a great day. Okay
But now you're laughing you're laughing. You just don't believe anything you're laughing
Well, it does sound a little unusual
test gas and uh
Yeah, if Godfather's don't keep it the gas guy outside will
It does sound a little bit bizarre maybe a hobbyer is hanging out up here in Stewart. You know, maybe he's on a run
I'm gonna be just got the runs
Those are the days baby the W's news days. Haviere. Oh boy. I can remember him now
That said can't live in the past or you got to move on to uh, you know like people say bigger and better things new meat
If serious the facts from Mike and Naples. This is I flipped past that short last night saw Jan's ugly mug. Oh wait a minute
Godjans ugly mug. It was waiting for him to build out tiptoe through the tool. It looks like tiny team incarnate
Whoever's planning the funeral can go ahead and specify a closed cast it now if they have any respect
Reader of the two people who will miss him and his bubblegum crash
Thank you
Oh god
I'm never gonna be covered for matter with you you can't I'm serious you can't imagine in your wildest dreams
How anybody can go from like the age 25 to 59 and look like that
Look like that
Like Frey like Freyter said you can't come to Vegas and talk to a man like Mogreen like that
Just like he said those two words like that
And you think of Jan Berry looking like that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davey. Hello
Uncle Miel. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Right this to you
This uh this weekend I was on the road and um, I had the unfortunate
Experience of tuning into Joey the gackie. Oh
And you live to tell about I'm surprised you didn't fall asleep at the wing. I was gonna say
I was gonna sue QIM if that happened
Um this Thursday two to four thirty
Just a gackie will be sucking his brains out right here on the air. We're pretty embarrassed about it
Yes, that's a warning not a promotion even bluff came in here and apologize
You said we couldn't possibly get anybody else. You said we're sorry, but uh get off your duck. Yeah
What I thought I'd try and do my fair shot and after listening to it for about a half an hour
I came up with the following hypothesis. Yes, if you
Need a list a big list of every activity you could do on planet earth. Yes. I don't think that you could find anything
Any one of those activities that's more boring than listening to Joe's gack. Correct
Um, I'm so over-correct
Before I go. Yes instead of calling someone a douchebag. I would like to
Point out someone who probably needs to use a douchebag
That lady fell asleep. I'll push you off
Which one the lady's still is yeah the lady fell asleep. It was screaming in the parking lot that one day. Oh
Our you mean the water Nazi oh yeah, yeah, yeah, she probably
She's the small potato she did me. Okay. Thank you sir. I know god bless you. That's the water Nazi
There's no water Nazi. Yeah, whatever you say sweetheart another one of Greg's uh girlfriend's here
Greg and his boyfriends and girlfriends his little inner circle of playmates Greg's kindergarten
That's what we'll call it welcome to Greg's kindergarten
You heard a rent mr. Rogers neighborhood. This is Greg's kindergarten
Sam the sham
Luanne the water Nazi and Greg
the nephew and i guess roars just by association
Or because he's got a big
Here's a lot of hill hello
Hey, how you doing? Uh, Neil. How's going my name's Ian first time caller. Yes, sir
Listen occasionally to your show and I was just saying how'd you take on uh Joe's suck in a khaki?
Yeah
Well, I was just wondering why would they put Jim Manage on it. Oh right
Manage is out of town. Oh man
You think that we would put Joseph gaki on unless we were absolutely backed up against the wall unless there was no weather
We they checked they went through the phone book. They tried just names out of the phone book and everybody they called said no
can't do it
And have a great day
5670560 pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line all we want to say is
Here's the gaki sucks. Okay. Oh, not too good. Try it again. Here's the gaki sucks. Okay. No
Here's the gaki sucks. Okay. That was good
Okay, where we going? I just want to emphasize just in case you missed out don't forget Thursday two to four thirty block those two and a half hours out
Wait till you see your numbers on that day, huh? You'll be sorry that you let the uh, uh,
Joe get those naked pictures or you would have Billy goat
God
Canis Moss macho Michael Mayo or Joe Zagaki. That's our pool question today
Which one is the most talented the most exciting and did Michael Mayo take one sentence from that rambling
Mucher crap in his morning's paper to apologize to make his retraction today. Helper stamp. No
Absolutely positively. No scumbag
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Hello
Lady in Miami
Hello, yes
This is no lady. This is some little kid. Yes, sir. I've grown
Yes, screw this screw you
5607 0560 pound 560 on the AC is nothing like what a parent calls in and puts their little punky kid on a phone
But the good news is the kids will be back in school real soon. Oh
That's right. Well, I want to tell you once again. By the way, I am I don't want to sound like I'm petting myself on the back
This isn't really a great accomplishment after 23 years on a year here. I am such a star at publics at the sawgrass, you know
Anyplace else like not too big, but I'm telling you at that publics
I went in there last night to get a couple of things and I had to change underwear four times before I even went through the checkout
And I only got like four items, you know
I went through the express checkout and I still had to change underwear 18 times before they let me out of there
Airby, but it was just tinklin. I think my whole audience was in there all ten of them just peeing all over me
Well, I can't say that just uh, scored scored all over
By the way, where's Andrew? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi Neil. How are you? How are you? I'm Mr. Shurigan from Rochester, New York. How are you?
All right
Where were you from? I'm from Vassar Street
Vassar Street I'm from originally okay, Terrace and then
Marina Drive and Brighton oh, I know we did right off like Monroe Avenue, wouldn't you? Oh sure? Yeah, I know what it is. It's great
Right by the 12 corners there
Right by Brighton Elementary by Don and Bob. I know where it is. That'd be so great. Yeah
Used to be used to be anyways. You want me to bring you some white hot snacks? No, what Wayne Arnold's got all the white hots we can handle
Oh, they do yeah right on hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred and twenty-fifth and four forty-one
No, I don't think so all right couple of snowballs. Okay. Good. Have a good time. Bye
Say hi to our buddies and vicarter's bring back a garbage plate. They're just bring back some garbage
5 6 7 I see both of Brian's here now. So we're gonna be even more depressed. What's that? Oh, Brittany?
The little team. I thought he would have brought in some Jan and Dean stuff
Being the great the oldies expert that he is
He's probably too depressed. Did you see that thing by the way?
The V uh-huh you see them all
But did you see the Jan and Dean one?
With Jan Berry looking like oh
Oh my god, it's terrifying
It's it's super fine. You look at it and say wait a minute and they put are they you know they they super do the thing on the screen like Jan Berry like over the body
They're like just in case you're not sure absolutely positive. This is him and you say no that can't be him
Impossible
Here's Miami hello
Miami
13 minutes and 59 seconds later we're gonna go on thank you. Here's Pompato Beach hello
Pompato Beach
Hello, yes, sir
Speaking I can't believe I got on
Neil God
I'm calling as you were talking about movies earlier and I just joined in I don't know probably half hour ago
And I don't know if you thought I saw one a couple of weeks ago called American pie. Yeah
Did you discuss that already? Yeah, we'd spend about an hour on that
I think it's gonna be a classic movie anyway. I'm from the Detroit area. Listen to Dick curtain for years and
My good boy. He's he's a god up there. Everybody loves dick. Dick is a great
He is a great guy. He really calls the show all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway
I just wanted to say hi
I've never heard from dick in a long time by the way George
Maybe not hanging out of the sandabill anymore. He doesn't know we can pick up the station on 770 on a west coast
Haven't heard from dick in a couple of years. Is he still on every day up there?
Taurus. I know he's been on a couple of different stations on some old FM old East thing. I think yeah
Yeah, that's the last time I heard him he was on FM station up there
Yeah, but he's got he's got more lives in the end. I listen to him back
Got to be 20 years ago. Right. Some years ago. He or 13 WSYZ. Yeah, he or 30
XYZ. Yep. Yep. Yeah, he's great great to listen to anyway. I wanted to mention American pie probably the funniest movie I've seen since
You know like animal house or something like that. I'm gonna be a classic. I'm gonna go see it today's matter fact
I'm gonna go see it again. Really? It was that good. Yeah, that good. I enjoy the kind of attractions. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the house. Say how to dick
Okay, yeah, we believe this guy likes dick a lot five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T wireless line
Anybody that would go see American pie twice?
Must like dick. Of course, he probably hasn't seen that flick yet a flick named dick. That's big now
And somebody actually gave it a good review the other day they got to play nixens. Uh, who knows
Who knows just a lot of desperate people desperately try to make a lot of big money because the public is bored as all get out
Yeah
Squared squirt
No
If you want
No
Think that young
You should be stand up.
You're the number one in store's grandmaters of time and by.
What if I see something right?
I see the 25 but she's just a thing.
Well, the speaker phone sag gets your battle.
What's your number?
Oh, you don't want to just threaten.
You want to give it out right now.
Oh, let's give it out right now.
How many times did they call?
A hundred.
Yeah.
Well, let's give it out.
Let's speaker phone.
Faggot's want to talk to the audience.
What's your number?
305.
Yeah.
272.
272.
0758.
272.
075.
What is it?
They have a circle.
And anyone's invited.
It's a pre-sex line.
132 at 560.
WQM.
567.
0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Oh, perfect timing.
The minute I get on the phone, I'm relaxed on the door.
Anyway, I used to work for Godfather's.
Are you serious?
Oh, yeah.
About five years.
Five-six years before they went out of business.
The reason they went out of business wasn't because that allows you product.
The reason they went out of business is they try to get in the competition with Pan Pizza product
at the moment.
And they sunk hundreds of thousands of dollars worth.
And the guy who won the franchise right now here was Jerry Slusky.
Right.
They went out of business.
He just couldn't handle it.
They only raised the price by about a dollar.
They couldn't handle it.
Their pizza was 10,000 times better than that other thing.
And you know what happened was that when they tried to compete with the Pan product, they're
thinning crispy, which was the bread and butter.
It was excellent.
And you're right.
There was nothing like the Godfather's pizza when we used to work back there on that topic.
Well, wait a minute.
They had a thinning crispy?
Yeah.
Well, that's what they used to sell.
It was a thin product.
It was made in the same pan that the pan pizza had used for their thin product.
They didn't call it thinning crispy.
No, I don't remember that.
We never had that.
Oh, he's doing that.
Yeah, that's what they sold.
It was a thin product.
Hands down.
That's what they sold.
Well, maybe later on, but in the beginning, I don't think they ever even sold that.
Or they only sold one kind of with deep dish.
No, not here.
Not here.
Here was all of them.
Trust me in the beginning when they first started.
Oh, I guess maybe up north, but not down here.
No, no, I'm talking about here.
Here?
No.
Kendall.
Really?
I used to go there all the time.
Oh, man.
I don't remember what I worked for them.
Well, I worked a lot more than five years ago.
See, this is the thing.
Oh, no, no.
What five years ago?
When I worked for them was many, many years ago.
Yeah.
Way back.
And then I went to work for pizza for about eight years or so.
Yeah.
That's a great guy.
He's a Zoltan's father-in-law, by the way.
He works in our sales department.
Yeah, he's a great guy.
He's a good guy.
Oh, let's talk to him.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, did anybody know what he just said?
No.
Do you remember Godfathers having a thin and crispy pizza?
Anybody?
No.
No.
You do towards the end.
Oh, yes.
Let's want him to try to tell this guy toward the end.
That's probably where they made a mistake.
They wanted to compete with a thin and crispy from a pizza hut.
Their bread and butter was not thin and crispy.
They were a whole thing in the beginning.
They only had one kind.
And that was the thick, deep dish.
Oh, my God, was it good?
It was great.
The best.
And now we got...
I didn't want to get to the whole thing about pizza because the pizza down here, you know?
The hotel's here.
We got our buddy, Brad, over there at Tony's.
And of course, there's Jeff and Pizza lot.
That's a good old stand by.
But anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fine.
No, I'm talking about like, you know, like Domino's, home delivery stuff.
Oh, my God.
God.
I'd rather eat cardboard with like a little sauce and cheese on them than eat Domino's.
I don't want to, you know, start picking on our good friends at Domino's.
Are they a sponsor on the station?
Is anybody here?
No.
We don't know.
I mean, that stuff, you got to be really desperate to get Domino's.
Here's a pay phone and Davy.
Hello?
Oh, yeah.
I love the show.
Yes, and I'm out every Sunday planting those dirty seeds.
The population listening and if that's right, please do the listening.
I'd be there twice a week.
So I'm on.
Yeah.
I work on the table because if I pay tax, it'll be taxed
without representation.
Right.
That's true.
I can't do that.
So that's not it, buddy.
Okay, keep planting your seed, man.
All right, buddy.
Okay, it's good enough for the cops to do what they're planting their seed.
Mostly in those young prostitutes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fine, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Whatever happened to Dave, the cop by the way, which he didn't hang on.
He was on there before and I've been wondering where the hell he was in the middle of all his scandal.
Let's go on.
Oh, maybe Dave's busy down there and candle down himself.
Never thought about that.
Maybe he had to make a run.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Last week shows out some of the funniest radio I've ever heard in my life.
Yeah.
Listen, not to jump on a bad bandwagon.
Roy!
Joe, Joe is a gack.
He's one thing to put him on the radio so I can drive off the road and get deep coma.
But who's decision was it to put this man on television?
He looks like the poster boy for the Special Olympics for God's sake.
Yeah, that's right with that wide mouth of a...
Yeah, my kid's got...
He's got lip from ear to ear this guy.
My kid sees...
Oh, look the monkey man's on television.
Oh my God!
Yeah.
Is it like a special hiring, like, you know, for handicapped people or something?
Yeah, we had to get our quoting, you know.
Hey, can I call someone a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Mark, you're a douchebag.
Okay.
Good day, sir.
Just a note, Joe.
That's our model here at QA.
I'm just saying it's a joke.
Oh, here's Dave the cop.
I'm actually didn't take long talking about having a real rich, full life.
How you doing, Neil?
Where you...what happened to you?
Did you drop off?
I'm not working, I'm off today and I was in the cell phone.
Well, did you make the warm donuts come out or something?
No, I don't eat donuts.
Come on.
Anyway, now that we...
Maybe you just arrived and waiting for the last two months dear from you, the story on when the...
When the big story's going to blow, so to speak.
I don't know.
Your guess is good as mine.
Well, you know, what can I tell you about that?
I was driving in Halea.
I live in Halea.
And there's two Julio's going at warp speed, drag racing.
They just had a big article and today's herald.
And naturally it's out of control with these people thinking it's Daytona.
So I implore anybody that catches up with them at the light.
If they're driving recklessly, pull them out of the car and take their car keys and put them in a mailbox or something.
Right.
And really out of control.
It's getting to a point where...
What does that have to do with the prostitution ring that I asked you about that you're evading the question?
I don't know what to tell you about that.
I'm about to have some buddies.
You must have some buddies that are banging on a 16-year-old, fixed-down in candle and highly.
I mean, highly is your neck of the woods.
Well, no.
You know, we got our Britney Spears posters.
We don't need to be dealing with prostitution.
Oh, there you go.
Yeah, but anyway, that movie...
I thought the movie was great.
That you're all talking about, despite the wobbling, there was some great fielding and...
I'm sorry, that's the Paul Blair project.
Just regard it.
Okay.
All right, buddy.
See you.
Week.
Okay, I'm so glad that I called...
I hadn't called back.
Not, but anyway.
He means well.
I never wonder what happens to four skins once they've been sniffed.
Well, once the clipping is done, those incredibly strong little helmet covers are sent to the
four-skin factory, where they're made into some of today's most innovative products.
Here, for instance, we have a wallet.
And while it looks like an ordinary wallet, just give it a quick rub and...
You have a briefcase.
But that's not all.
Just rub it a little while longer and...
You have a suitcase.
Our amazing technology allows us to make many fine four-skin products for everyday use.
Look at this watch band.
A quick robin.
Yeah, have a new belt.
Finally, our most amazing new product is this new car.
Yes, four-skin technology has come this far.
This new car fits four comfortably.
But what if the in-laws are coming to visit?
Just a quick rub down with warm big oil and...
You've got a full-size band for more information on our incredible four-skin products.
Call 1-800-Cold-Dip.
Call within the next 10 minutes and receive a free pair of our one-size-fits-all running
shoes.
Just rub it.
17-till-two at 5.60 WQM.
So anyway, we get a package you're a FedEx for my good-close personal friend, John Geo-E-E-E-A-E.
I don't know how you pronounce it.
G-I-O-E-I-O-E-G-I-O-E.
How would you pronounce that?
Geo-E-E-What-A-G-O-The-Hitman?
Oh, that's right.
Wrong station.
Sorry.
What kind of a name is that?
Anyway, Geo-The-Hitman.
You know?
Oh, God.
So anyway, here's a letter.
There are Mr. Rogers.
I have to many years of enjoying your program.
And I know what the response would be, too, but they'll never be able to get through.
They will discuss this tomorrow.
Great length.
It's an invitation for me and a guest, I guess, since I'm not going to eat $100 worth of food
to eat a dinner at the New York Prime, which is all the way up there in Boka.
First of all, I wouldn't have any idea how to get there.
You know what I'm saying?
Crib and green bombs.
New York Prime.
A steakhouse.
Dining in New York Prime is truly a dining experience that I'm sure you will thoroughly enjoy.
Even close to reviews.
First, Robert Toff.
I'll remember Robert Toff needs to be on with Sandy all the time.
Remember him?
No.
Yeah.
And it goes on.
And on, who's the other review by?
Uh.
Oh, the Palm Beach Post.
Raving great reviews that go on and on an extraordinary spectacular 18 stars.
Well, thank you very much, John.
And we'll be up there one of these days when you least expect it, okay?
And I'll say who the hell are you?
Okay, let's go to sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, I just want to tell you something.
Have you heard of someone else?
I mean, not Neil.
What's his name?
Hank's promos that for the Chrono Light commercial.
Some of his promos?
You know the commercial they does for Chrono Light, the light spots.
Right.
Have you ever heard any of them?
Yeah.
They like to throw everyone out the alcoholism.
What's wrong with that?
Oh, yeah, I heard him knocking that one day.
He was like, well, that's the copy.
That's the crappy copy we get around his place.
And you're right.
I know the one you're talking about.
Why can't we get a new one for him?
Yeah, why can't we get something new?
Because we got sales bits that's too worried about the disrupting the show.
And I worried about doing her job.
Good points, sir.
Even a list there's no.
I heard Hank carrying on like a child about that one day right on, hump her.
Why not target, baby?
Hank, you play about the copy we get here.
Because we don't get any.
Like that John penis.
You know, you can come in here with your butchered up face John penis.
All you want the fact is, are you going to give us any new copy?
No.
That's the point.
Are these people doing their job?
And we got a general manager walking around here with his finger in that deep hole in his head.
Oh, don't be picking on Sam and Roy and Square.
Yeah.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah.
Like a child.
A child with a play toy.
That's what we got here.
It's dangerous.
A child with a play toy.
It's like that eight-year-old girl that they had going up there on Jessica with a plane.
She's dead.
That's what happens when you put a guy like Greg Read and charge her a major market radio station.
The luckiest man on the face of the earth.
There he is.
He don't even know that he's the luckiest man on the globe.
Because when he knows about this business, you could put it in a symbol and have room for Roy's...
Backdome.
Left over.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Listen, you were talking about the Godfather before.
Yes.
What's going on?
I heard news about a fourth one coming up.
Last history, it's history.
Mario Puzzo's dead and they said the...
No way Jose.
Neil DeMario.
No way.
Neil DeMario died just in time to save us from Leo.
Because Alpacino's starting to look like...
Ok thanks.
5,6705,660, 05,660 on the AT&T line.
I hate to break the news.
The Alpacino died in the third one.
Okay, sir.
He died.
Remember the little...the food on the ground?
Or was it the pier on the ground?
Here's a...Lini and Lianny.
Hello.
Here's the lady in Miami who set the phone down for some strange reason.
Hey!
Stop the little kid's back.
Oh, that's the stupid little kid again.
How do you like that?
As well as with a mother little kid.
The same mother, the same bitch puts him on the phone again.
You know what I think?
Now, what was that call for Miami?
I thought for a minute I might have been at Sherry.
You know, that bitch Sherry, the one I wanted to eat,
the free back street boy's tickets.
That I talked about at the beginning of the show today.
Yeah, I thought maybe it was that bitch who writes me this glowing.
If you missed the beginning of the show, the most embarrassing...
I mean, suction, sucking and sucking and everything I like.
And you were a genius in me.
And then in the last paragraph,
oh, can I get some of back street boys tickets for her daughter
and punky little niece?
And the answer is no.
Boy, have you gotten near Sherry?
Just like all the other way I feel,
I want to extend my personal condolences
to all the heterosexual men of South Florida.
Because most of the women, 95% of the women out there,
like I said, 99% of the women out there,
I want, I want, give me, give me, give me, give me, that's all they want.
And what you want to give them, they don't want that.
They want per free. That's all they want about your free-loading torps.
By the way, torp. Isn't that a great word for Joseph Gackie?
Uh-huh, torp.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I was calling regarding Godfather's pizza.
Yes. I just moved here from Seattle,
and the Godfather's was the best pizza up there.
All right.
And the thin crust is the newest version.
Oh, that's too bad.
The fish was the best.
The fish was great.
Oh, yeah.
All right, well, are you not making that anymore?
Um, they are still in Seattle, yes.
Yeah.
But apparently not here.
Yeah, Godfather's not here, dude.
Like all the other good stuff, you can't find it here.
This show is the only good thing you'll find in this town, man.
Uh, while I've been here about a month now,
and so far, I have to agree with you there.
Just wait. Just wait another month or two.
You'll be on the first bus.
I'm a bit afraid, too.
Okay. Good luck, pal.
All right. Thanks.
Thanks. There's a Godfather's report.
You see, stuff that's good.
Although we did finally get a steak and shake.
Where was it in Boynton Beach or somewhere?
No.
Was it a couple weeks ago?
The guy called and said it was open somewhere up there too far for us.
We're still waiting for the one out there, 136th,
the Panther Parkway and sunrise.
Anybody seen that yet?
No.
If it's good, if it's a hit,
if people all around the world like it,
are we going to get it here?
No.
No.
We got to wait because this is the last place
that most businesses want to come to.
Well, probably because we don't have a stadium in Broward.
That would be the reason.
Huh?
Yeah, they just build a new stadium in Seattle now.
They build a new stadium up there.
They just open that one up.
So that must be the reason they got a Godfather.
That's what the Sun Sentinel is going to be telling you next.
If we get a new stadium,
there will be a steak and shake on every street corner.
A Godfather's Pizza right behind every house.
Yeah.
You know, somebody needs to investigate
and see what this scam is with a Sun Sentinel.
And they're herniatic desire to force you taxpayers in Broward
to cough up some money to build this billionaire regard
to the stadium.
There has to be something more than meets the eye
because they're psychotic about it.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
All of the above.
10 before so we got this nice certificate.
I mean, I got this nice certificate from New York Prime
up there in Bokka,
which is much too far for you guys to be driving.
Huh?
Well, maybe they'll invite you to come up there someday
to all the way.
I did love that great meal at macaroni grill,
except for that spartier that was singing on the table.
I mean, I'm serious.
I'm dumbfounded.
We just sat there like,
what's this?
The lights go down.
I'm thinking, geez,
didn't they pay the goddamn bill?
Greg Reed must be running this place.
Didn't pay a P&L.
The lights get dim and you expect,
oh, something dramatic is going to happen right now.
And it did.
That old man, remember?
Seriously, I mean, are you people crazy over there?
You got a pretty good joint,
but you know,
always find a good way to screw it up.
No, seriously,
every place in this town they find a real good way to screw up a good thing.
It's like this station, you know.
You ever hear our morning show?
Uh-huh.
