4th for you, 560 WQAM, Miami-400 Delta Resets.
The best of Neil Rogers.
No live calls will be taken today.
Neil is on tape.
Okay, that's me.
For many this, but he's not.
Please don't call.
We have been answered on the Neil Rogers Show.
Are those of the Houston Colors?
And not necessarily reflect the views of easily new naturalizations.
Or the beastly broadcast group.
It's management or anyone else for that matter.
Now remember, this is the best of Neil.
Do not call.
Put the damn phone down.
Just relax and enjoy.
On 560 WQAM.
In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best.
Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young.
In the return of father knows best.
Step into the confession or believe.
I don't know, father.
This makes the 47th time I've been in there.
This way.
Oh, Billy, you want to be a good Catholic, don't you?
Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking?
Father knows best.
It's the Vatican's best kept secret.
And you've got a private see for all the fun.
Just enter the rectory from the rear.
All right, Billy boy.
It's time for your flute lesson.
But father, your flute has only one role and it doesn't make any noise.
Oh, it's wheelbilly.
It will.
Father knows best.
Once you've seen this new sitcom,
you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Let me introduce you to Shane Peter.
Father knows best.
Going to church may not seem very entertaining.
But there really is something funny going on here.
So anyway, where's that story?
Priest suit.
Amicably resolved.
Not another one of these damn priest stories you're going to start with,
especially when La Papa is done there in Cuba again.
And it's not just how he brought them just what they needed.
A good stern lecture.
Not food.
Not medication.
Not like anything.
Just a little shaky finger waving.
See, we're doing the right, George.
You got to like, it's got a shake.
And the finger too.
Priest suit.
Amicably resolved.
Woman seeking counseling said she was seduced.
The lawsuit that began a year ago with an unnamed plaintiff claiming that she had been seduced by a prominent priest
and that a movie deal was in the works and it on Thursday with an underscored agreement to dismiss the case.
Attorneys for the Reverend Thomas Spoudy.
I think it's foody.
Don't you think foody has something to do with this?
How's it spelt?
F-O-T-Y.
F-O-U-D-Y.
Okay.
It is pronounced foody.
It's foody?
Foodie, father, foody.
He's not on a chew anymore?
Pastor of St. Colton, Catholic Church in Palmito Beach and Alinka Sullivan.
Oh, what a name that is.
Alinka, this linka.
A lighthouse pointed in the court hearing that a lawsuit had been amicably resolved with being dismissed.
The case is over.
Nobody would say whether any money would change hand.
That's it.
Absolutely not going to touch that with a 10-foot pole.
And don't.
Let me trust you, Robert.
And that's the end of that.
Okay.
So obviously he didn't do none.
And the Pope is done.
They're giving a big lecture about don't stop making lots of babies.
See, it's kind of like a catch-22.
And the thing that I found the most astonishing and amazing of all of this Cuba stuff was buried
in the middle of this story.
It says, the Pope's words echoed among many Cubans who have long talked about a moral crisis.
A majority of couples in Cuba are not married and nearly live together, which I think is
all the more reason why there shouldn't be no birth control, right?
That's why they got to keep making babies.
And as a matter of fact, in 1990 only 34% of all babies in Cuba were born to married women.
66% were married to women who are not were born, like I said.
66% were born to women who are not married.
They're packing up though.
Huh?
You don't think Eldusia was one of those.
That's got those two daughters back there.
Although he is not concerned about bringing them here because they're not married anyway.
Oh yes, there are still many sporadic couplings, you know, if it's said about 23% of all official marriages
1995 ended in divorce.
Well, that's a lot better than this country where over 50% ended in divorce.
The deal over there is they just don't get married.
But the Pope says, oh, this message is his minute is so typical, this stone age crap.
He says the family, the fundamental cell of society and the guarantee of its stability nonetheless experiences the crises which are affecting society itself.
This happens when married couples live in economic or cultural systems, which under the guise of freedom and progress promote or even defend an anti-birth mentality
and thus induce couples to have recourse the methods of regulating fertility which are incompatible with human dignity.
Oi!
Let me read that one last thing.
Induce couples to have recourse to methods of regulating fertility which are incompatible with human dignity.
In other words, birth control.
Oh no.
There is even, says, a la papa and acceptance of abortion which is always in addition to being an abominable crime, a senseless impoverishment of the person and society itself.
See how this all feeds on itself in other words no birth control so a lot more unwanted pregnancies, so a lot more abortions.
It's like a, you know, it's a self-propejeting nightmare or at least that's what they make it into.
It's like they know that everybody wants to do it a lot so they, by telling you that it's all sinful and all hateful, then they make you to come there underneath and speak to all the priest and the older boys etc and so on, because they know that you're going to keep doing it.
So it's like getting caught in an endless web in a wicked web. It's like a rat running around like a hamster or a durable running around inside that thing.
Backed home forever.
So thanks a lot, la papa for bringing those plane loads and plane loads of food and clothing and the medication and toilet.
And toilet exactly, toilet area.
They don't need toilet paper. We know the story. You already told us they reuse it over and over and over again.
You put it in a little box.
That's throw it away.
No, you put it in there in the illiterate, you kind of stiff and then after it's, oh yeah.
Are we in the recycling? Well, there are two sides to one.
Each that's right. Two sides to every story and then they can sit.
If it's good enough for the Ruskies man, they keep folding it over and over and over again. There's nothing worse than real thin toilet paper.
I really respect the good place. You go into a restaurant and you've got to take a real bag and you go into the, see it going to the job.
What a terrible thing that is you go into the toilet and if the toilet paper is good like thick and cushy, I respect that place.
Even if the food sucks, at least they got something going.
But you go into a public place in, or any place, even a place of work.
And they got real thin, crappy toilet paper where your fingers go through, you know that.
Oh man. Single ply. They would take that down there.
In fact, why not start sitting down there?
Cashtar is full of crap. Let's not, why not start sitting.
A whole bunch of toilet paper.
Let's admit Mr. Wipple would have done more for them down there than the goddamn pulp. I'll tell you that right now.
Now, Al Goldstein didn't say that the pulp takes it up the rectum yesterday. Did he?
I think he did. Al Goldstein yesterday last night, I have a report on Al Goldstein.
And I only wish that we had, you know, a studio in here that worked with a microphone that really worked so the last two days when I really had some living and breathing people in here.
You could have heard them instead of smice betting all the time, yanking it and twisting it and pulling it in the microphone too.
But we had a night of pomp and a park last night. There are still puddles.
Puddles under the table from people peeing their pants from listening to this man. He is so unbelievable, so outrageous, so real.
Here's a real guy, a real fat guy who says he would rather eat that Ben and Jerry's fish. Well, he hasn't even tasted yet.
He said, he'll even give up.
F**ksy instead of that's what he said.
No, he would rather eat Ben and Jerry's than eat.
F**ksy is what he said. And he's real big on eating.
F**ksy. So there you go.
But he ate it all. He sat down. I mean, they were there with a crack of six o'clock last night.
And his wife, which he isn't really his wife because they're living in Senfion.
His fiancee, that's a very nice word. Rose, who's a very nice, very lovely person.
How she ever got hooked up with him. She wants to have a great sense of humor.
Oh, I see. Big bucks.
She's a lawyer though. I think she's the one that's got even the bigger bucks.
But she's very nice. And they got there right at the crack of six.
And I'm sitting there eating my French onion soup, okay?
Which I love at the track. They got great French onions.
Oh, that's boss coming up. And so, well, I'm working my way into it.
And so he wants his spaghetti and meatballs because there is a tag in it at Poppano Park.
So they bring a huge thing of spaghetti and meatballs.
But then all of a sudden he looks to see what I mean.
Oh, what's that? French onion soup. Well, I'm going to have that too.
And he had the soup. And he had the huge bowl of spaghetti and meatballs.
And he had like two desserts. I think he had his and he had roses.
And then the whole discussion, basically, other than the fact about how much he'd rather eat food that F**ksy was about Amsterdam.
Of course, which he loves a lot and about food.
Right. This was much better than the scene in Faso.
I mean, we were just dying. Just absolutely dying up there.
And then he gives fat, rich a couple of hundred bucks here.
And it'll make me a few bets. I have no interest in any of that.
He's not even looking out on the track. And now the urge just got to him too much.
They had to get up and leave so they could make a quick one after like one or two races.
He's not interested. We got to go to Publix to check out that fish food.
I wouldn't be surprised if like 12, 30 in the morning.
They were still going around all night supermarkets, Albertson looking for Ben and Jerry's fish food, which is the best by the way.
The man is absolutely unbelievable.
Incredible. I think only in Miami and in TRE Georgia, would you open up the local A local newspaper as in A physician, A local newspaper like the God damn Harold.
And read a letter to the editor like this.
See, they leave the Harold downstairs and they figure why even let it sit down here.
Might as well pick up since it's for free.
And since we're in Florida, if it's for free, we'll take it.
And so I'm browsing through it here this morning and here's a letter to the editor.
Now you can imagine how many letters to the editors they get from all these goofballs that are just totally off the wall.
And nobody would ever put in there.
It says it's not accepted as the heading. And the letter says this is from Andres G. Mane Rara in Miami.
I congratulate the Cayman government.
It would have been much easier to have allowed this gay cruise, but the government chose to stand up for what is right and moral.
For some time now, homosexuals have been pushing their agenda, seeking acceptance is normal when they are not.
We can look at the Old Testament when God punished homosexual behavior in Sodom and Gomorrah.
I hope that more governments, corporations and institutions would draw courage and energy from the Cayman government's example.
Andres G. Mane Rara in Miami.
And what do we all think of Andres G. Mane Rara?
That damn bag that I can't stand them.
Okay, so anyway, it's 10.17.
I thought I would just bring that to your attention, that our newspaper, that the Miami Hero, which is like all over the...
And by the way, lots and lots of fags working over there, I understand.
I understand it's like a fruit farm over there at the Herald, and I hear that from very good authority right on the inside.
And then of course we got this bitch. We got this Monica Lewinsky bitch, who is not 21 by the way. She's 24.
They had her down about like 14, 15 years old, depending on how they get through with all this hyperventilating.
I mean, talk about a little bit of overreaction and hysteria. Just hysteria. And we know that none of this is being done for political purposes. We're positive about that.
But you know, the problem is not the fact that the president is horny. All of our presidents have been horny.
Even George Bush, just look at the name implies, right? All of our presidents have been horny except maybe Franklin Pearson is lots of speculation we know what he was doing.
But the fact is that this president evidently is a lot dumber than we thought he was. That's where the problem comes in.
And wouldn't you think if you're the president of the goddamn US and you... I mean, she's another one with a real fat push and her face ain't much either.
So, you know, the president just can't keep it in his pants. And as I started to say, you think that they could bring him whoever he wanted.
I mean, this has been going on for years, you know, very discreetly and quietly in the... Mums the Word, so to speak.
Tom is the word. But not this president. I mean, if he sees it and he likes it, he wants it, he does it, and then...
Bapapapapapan and loose lips syncs ships. Let me tell you about a place that's number one in this time. That is for great family style of Italian food.
Pizza law.
I have just tasted your snap.
Welcome.
Well, we were out on our first date after eating at a Mexican cafe.
I thought we were driving in my car. Let one go and all the flora goes away.
I have this in your touch, that cheese.
That she turned around through a nasty attack.
Girl, don't touch.
Girl, don't touch.
I'm not telling you that girls don't love, but I do.
The older her, the aided through my toe, the mid- my hair.
It's a lot older than when those sounds so hard to get some air.
It's a lot of things I did there.
Girl, don't touch.
Girl, don't touch.
She kept telling me that girls don't love, but I do.
I heard another deadly squirt that I held my nose and covered it with my shirt.
I turned around to get her back.
We took a matter of time before another attack.
So I asked if she was okay, that she was deadly.
It's hard to catch a head, but girls don't love, but I do.
Girl, don't touch.
Girl, don't touch.
Girl, don't touch.
Girl, don't touch.
I do.
I do.
Okay.
But I do.
Okay.
The reason I played that right there is George during the previous break was Hakan Miyachanik.
It was leasing through, pouring through these boxes of videos in here.
Some of these anal-oriented ones.
I said, having had hemorrhoids for three and a half months, I'm not interested in hearing or looking
or thinking about any of these anal invasions.
Remember that first there was the British invasion and then we had the anal invasion.
And then he goes into this big song of dance about how women's raccoons are so much more cleaner and pinker and more lovely and hygienic.
What?
I can only imagine.
Yeah, okay.
You can only imagine.
Get out of here.
You can't compare.
You're working right away.
You've never seen any of these new asses than Carter's got liver pills.
Well, I saw it all yesterday.
Well, you've got a standard to go by.
I guess you've got a point now.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, my God.
The thought of that right before lunchtime, too, and he's telling me about Al Goldstein.
Oh, jeez.
Man, oh man.
Talk about heaving gigantic mounds.
Anyway, Jeff Gordon, NASCAR driver, three days ago, how come we only get this now?
This was in the paper on Tuesday and I missed it.
Must have been mighty important.
And an announcement that some insider say is not really a big surprise.
NASCAR defending champion, Jeff Gordon, this week came out of the closet with the proclamation that he is proud to be gay.
Speak yet a launching gathering of Atlanta hair stylist.
He made the proclamation.
I'm still the same person.
I've always made a big effort to get really close with these guys and that's not going to change.
Yeah, but he has, especially that French, what's that French race car driver?
You know it.
Jacques Villanuev, is that his name?
Come on, Drew, do you got to know something?
I know these things.
Huh?
Get out of here.
He probably wants to get close to him.
However, some of Gordon's competitors do not share his optimism.
I figured that NASCAR fans will drop him like last week's fishing bait.
So, seven time Winston Cup champion Dale Earnhardt.
He'll probably have to go to Formula One racing to be accepted.
This is a Bubba crowd.
The only damn thing they want, home always their milk.
Penske driver Rusty Wallace was a bit more to the point.
I'll run over any little sum bitch that rather suck a shwance than a siphon hose.
How do you like that, huh?
That's what the Wallace who said that.
Maybe he's kind of George Wallace.
And then I got this back from a mic.
Now, can you think this is for real?
I'm not going to read his last name on here because I'm too embarrassed for it all the way in the pattern.
It means stench.
But anyway, this is what can I do with you?
Why do you continue to bash the Catholic religion and the Pope?
You say you bash all religions, but I never hear you talk about any others.
Do you fear what you don't understand?
I never talk about any others like I wasn't talking about the ceiling.
How see them on another day, Brecker called just the other day,
and about how they're rocking back and forth there at the Wailing Wall.
And we were talking about the Seventh Day Adventist and the Jehovah's Witnesses.
We're talking about Catholics because it's in the news.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't think that we had a Seventh Day Adventist just go to see Fidel,
or we had the Jaime Schwartzman go there from Israel or somewhere.
We had the Pope, God damn it. He's there.
That's why I'm talking about it, you idiot.
Why bash the church for a few priests who have done wrong?
Oh, give me a break, a few priests who have done wrong.
You are so brainwashed by Catholic friend out there.
I feel badly for you.
I feel bad that your brain has been so closed and so rotted
by years and years of brainwashing and conditioning.
It's time to get yourself a new conditioner, like Probe would be good.
He says, remember, they are human.
Okay, human we can deal with.
It's just like out-presidentity. We don't mind human.
Hypocrites and liars, those are the ones that of course end the ones who are always finger pointing.
Oh, this is sinful, even a word doing it, and God only knows how many altar boys
should every president, past and future be considered bad because of a few bad ones?
How can you judge an entire entity on a few bad people?
Look at the whole picture.
How you spell a whole mic as in Bracto, and I still,
I might, by the way, doesn't have the name of any straight priest in here.
Not one. We're still waiting for the name of one straight priest.
He says, the Pope is the leader of the church.
The church Jesus Christ started 2000 years ago.
And again, you're wrong, Mike. Jesus Christ didn't start any church.
Okay, already belonged to one. He was very happy.
Yeah, he was a Jew. He was a Jew boy.
Okay, his buddy Paul saw whatever we were calling him this week.
Alan Saul, I think, from Pompadal Beach. He started it.
He says, all I ask is for a little compassion, a little Rachmanus.
I think is the word he's looking for.
I love your show. Your variant tells you in entertaining.
But when you continue to talk like you do about the Catholic religion,
I have a tough time listening. Please give it some thought. God bless.
God bless as in...
Oh, God!
Get out of here. Mike with his drivel with his nonsense.
And is it interesting how he says when you talk about the Catholic religion,
he has a tough time listening. When we talk about the Mormon,
he's loving it. He's right out at Joseph Smith. What an asshole.
All religions are wrong except yours.
Yeah, right. By definition.
Exactly. Of course, that's what makes it so ridiculous.
I'm a pus of it, Mike, because they're all man-made bullcrap.
Mine is bigger than yours. Mine is better than yours.
My God is better there. My God is more jealous than yours is.
I mean, for crying out loud, how can any thinking person believe all this God will they go?
They're still trying to figure out who really killed Kennedy.
They're still trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
How that TWA jet blew up. They went through all those millions of dollars.
They pieced the thing together and they give us 8,000 press conferences.
And they lie through their teeth. And nobody still knows what the hell really happened.
But 2,000 years ago, this happened and that happened.
Mike, go out and see the world. Get a life, okay?
Just like those kids, the Backstreet Boys.
That to me was one of the greatest breaths of fresh air
when Kevin and AJ were in here the other day, even with this bad microphone.
And I began to realize that all that crap in it,
those liner notes in there, these guys, one of them is from West Palm.
One is from Orlando. Nick Carter is from Tampa.
And two of them are from Kentucky, including Kevin.
It was Santa right here. From Kentucky.
Talk about in the Anderthal.
Okay, so needless to say, their upbringing was real, real ultra religious born again, Bible thumping.
And yet you heard what they were talking about.
They love Toronto. They love Amsterdam.
They were in a red light district. It was a trip there all over the world.
And they are amazed at how in Europe they have great sex education.
People have much more progressive attitudes.
They're not uptight. They're not living in this puritanical mindset.
They don't give a crap about religion. They may go to church once in a while to make it look good.
And look at Amsterdam. There is the old church, the oldest church in town.
And what surrounds the old church is the red light district.
And nobody gives it a second thought. Nobody cares. Nobody's having nervous breakdown.
They're sitting in the cafes there. You can smell the aroma in the streets as you walk and buy.
They're smoking a little weed, a little hashed little umber here, whatever they're doing.
And nobody gives a crap. And in this country, and there he is again.
Here we go again on CNN. There's the Pope, but his cane and the schmop is in his fiddle.
Boy, what a marriage made in heaven that is. Two bull crap artists.
Which one's got the Tony? I mean, there is a perfect match.
And I think they ought to get out of here. Wouldn't it be something that they got married?
I think that would be beautiful.
A Pope can't get married.
That's what I mean. Neither can Fidel.
He's the busy screwed around on the side. The Pope can't get married in my ass.
If the Pope says he can get married, yeah, look at that. He's got the YouTube.
There's not too. It was one of the Pope's decided to say that.
Well, they changed their mind just like Galileo.
Okay, first they said that he was a sinner and he was going to burn in hell and they should have given 8,000 lashes.
And they just said, like a hundred years after he died, they said, oh, by the way, guess what?
You were right. The sun doesn't revolve around the earth.
Oh, what a concept. As in, oh, right.
All of this are cake, gobbling, go, Mike, I'm ashamed that you wasted a piece of paper.
How many trees had to die? How many poor little trees had to die so that you could write me this piece of sputum on a piece of paper there?
Please don't knock the cat, the cat lick religion.
And why do you think we got all these young Julios who love this show?
Not just because we're talking about the things of a sexual nature on this program,
which gets them highly emotional because they've been so repressed,
but also because when they hear about what a bunch of bullcrap does is they're saying, yes, that's what they're saying.
Yes!
They know it's all about your horse dropping.
But poor Micah, this guy only wishes, he only prays in one little part of his mind.
He only prays that he can emancipate his brain and think for himself about what a bunch of garbage this all is.
But hey, you're not supposed to say that because it's a happening, man.
The Pope is there in Cuba and Fidel.
I'll come all of a sudden, Fidel said to a good guy now.
Oh, yeah, and he's having second thoughts and he's becoming a spiritual man.
Right, he's becoming very spiritual.
Magnumistic about it.
Am I getting wound up here about what?
What am I getting all worked up about?
Because Micah sent me a stupid goddamn facts and because this race car driver's a fag
and that other guy says something about schwances and want Tommy Wands, something like that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
I'm just going to call you to tell you about my brother, Dite of AIDS in 1994, and he was gay.
And when he was the one of the best people you could ever imagine,
he'd give you anything from his wallet.
He said that he'd keep, he would leave himself with nothing.
It was a very good, intimate person.
And I'd miss him dearly and at his mass work ethic, well, I was a Catholic.
Yeah.
We're a Julio family.
Right.
And I was brainwashing very young.
I asked the priest that it's burial at the cemetery.
What's going to happen to my brother?
Because we were always brainwash that gay people go to hell and stuff.
And he says, well, God will forgive him.
And then I thought to myself, and I said, why should God forgive him?
What did he ever do bad?
Yeah.
He was such a good person.
What did he ever do that your priest didn't do?
No, yeah, but seriously, I'm talking seriously.
What did he do?
He told me.
Well, okay.
What did he ever do that was so bad.
He was a better person than a lot of straight people that I know.
Right.
And another thing, people, I'm straight.
I got married at 17.
But people, yeah.
Well, I'll talk about a Catholic family.
Maybe you must not be circumcised.
I am.
You are a circumcised?
Yes.
Wow.
You know something, I got to give a sitting ovation here for this audience today.
We got a lot of clean people today.
Thank God for this.
And what I'm, people are homophobic because they themselves are insecure.
They are insecure of their own sexuality.
You got to say, don't, I mean, I am, I am open minded.
I'm a university student and it doesn't bother me the least bit, the three people that are gay, hugging each other because I'm secure of my own sexuality.
I don't care.
You know, and I accepted my brother and I didn't care.
And I loved him and I still love him to this day.
And I got so pissed off when that priest told me, oh, God will forgive him.
Forgive him for what?
What did he do wrong?
Having his own sexual preference?
And it was a good individual.
Asked the priest if God is going to forgive him for being a liar in a hypocrite.
Well, that's what I'm trying to say.
I no longer believe in that phony baloney mumbo jumbo.
Well, thanks a lot.
And here's, we get to jackpot.
Here's a young guy whose circumcised end has seen the light.
Well, I'm very open minded.
I'm 21 years old and I'm open minded.
I have quite a few friends that are gay.
You know, because my wife gets along with them very well.
And we are very open minded people.
And another thing that I was going to tell you is that call it, that call about how banics are taking over.
He sounds a little xenophobic to me.
Yeah, just a little bit.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great day.
Have a great weekend.
Thanks a lot.
There's probably the call of a year right there.
There's like a real living and breathing there.
And you want to know why?
Because he's circumcised.
Because his brain is free to think.
His brain can breathe.
Just like your lungs need to breathe.
Your brain needs to breathe.
And when it's all locked up in that tight, in that really,
and then of course when you got that real, like a lot of pahoney,
and like that long elephant snouted the foreskin,
then my god, a brain that there's like no hope at the end of the tunnel.
You can't even see the light.
I can't imagine the guys you go out with.
Meaning what?
What about his admit that they're not clean?
Well, if I don't cut anyone who isn't clean,
and there is no one in Europe I have ever encountered who is not clean.
They're very clean.
I can sniff it.
I can smell from a million miles away.
That's why we have double glass between these studios.
Here's a hyalur.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm the president of Catholic United for life.
And I don't know where you have a big deal over the Pope.
He does many great things.
You're the president of what?
I'm the president of Catholic United for life.
What is that?
We're a pro-life organization.
And I don't know why you make a big deal over the Pope.
Because that's my opinion.
I'm making a big deal.
It seems to me the media is making a big deal.
Everywhere you look we see the Pope.
He's doing great things.
Like what?
He wants his own country.
And he wants his own country.
And his own country is Cuba?
No, you do want the Cuba, but he wants his own country in Portland.
Yes.
And he Christ Communism over there.
Do you have a problem with this?
You're corrected with this fist.
No, you're with the Word of God.
Yeah.
Okay?
And it's just because you don't have a problem of priest and the Pope.
And you criticize them.
If you think you could do better, then do it.
Then do what?
If you think you could do better, then do it.
Well, then elect me Pope.
And I'll guarantee you I'll do a lot.
Oh, yeah.
You have to be, you know, you have to be one.
You have to be one.
You have to be a senior.
You're qualified.
Yeah, I'm, that's right.
I qualify.
I'm a fact that put, that gives me a leg up, so to speak.
No, you can't, you're a, you dig a fact in the church.
There's, oh my God.
Wait a minute.
I want you to get, do we have a bullet, I wish we had a bulletin sound.
There's no fags in the Catholic church.
No.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
I'm sorry to leave.
I feel so much better now.
Oh, there, there he went.
There's no fags in the, I thought he was going to have a stroke.
I thought he was going to start stroking and he was so excited.
There's no fags in the church.
That was it.
He couldn't handle that.
He ran.
He ran.
I bet he's rubbing his rosary beads and whatever else he can get his hands on right now.
That was beautiful.
He's the head of what?
Woo!
There's no fags in the church.
How's Montenegro Brian Walsh doing, by the way?
How's he doing?
Well, they don't call them that in the Catholic church.
What do they call them?
I'll treat them as lifestylers.
Yeah, alternative lifestylers, my ass.
Well, not my ass.
Maybe you're a pro.
Yeah, not mine.
Oh, what a thought.
Those narrowed up old priests.
Like I said, that movie mass appeal with Jack Lemon is one year.
In fact, you should have gotten a coffee for this guy, okay?
With Charles Durningen, the Jack Lemon, you should have gone out and got 85 copies and said
it to this guy and his flock.
And he's doing great work over there.
He's giving lectures to people who need food and these tombs.
Hey, keep making more babies.
No birth control.
No more abasions.
More and more and more babies and more starvation.
And good luck to you and go out and plant some seeds in the backyard.
I want to go plant some seeds where they'll grow.
That's what he wants you to do.
Go plant some seeds.
Work hard, score.
By the way, can he watch?
If you have a...
The needy ass is sick.
A need pot badly.
You know, yesterday morning, get out of bed.
I go to my TV.
Sunday morning, I happen to be one of those people who, you know, flips around on a set
and watches some of the news shows.
You know, more ordinarily, I pay no attention to this stuff.
But Sunday morning, I kind of compartmentalize a little bit of my brain.
And I watch a little bit of meat depressed.
I watch a little face-to-nation.
If there's something going on that little of the...
This week's show used to be brinkly before we started doing those ADM spots.
But at any rate, so yesterday, I'm flipping my local channels.
Channel 4.
Channel 6.
Channel 7.
And channel 10.
You should all rot and hell.
And thank God for my two satellite dishes, especially the big dish.
Because the only way you could see any of those shows up until, I think, was 11.30
yesterday morning was if you had a satellite dish.
Because Channel 4, Channel 6, Channel 7, and Channel 10, all decided that the Pope was more important than the fact
that the President may be resigning any day or being impeached to whatever's going on with Monica Lewinsky.
Who isn't really all that bad by his standards, right?
At least three years ago, she wasn't that bad.
That picture they've only shown 25,000 times, where they're embracing.
She's in the crowd and he gives a little wink and a little grab and a little feel and whatever else.
It's a banana republic, baby.
That's right.
Our President, they is doing his banana business and the country is like on the verge of falling
because of the President's banana business to show you how immature and pathetic we are.
But the thing that really pissed me off even more than channels 4, 6, 7, and 10 was the British.
And their reaction to this about how immature and how silly we are.
The British are the masters.
They are the inventors of all this tabloid crap of having a nervous breakdown every time somebody gets an arrest.
And the reaction over there, my God.
And Prince Philip, he's running around banging everything that moves enhancement for the last 40 years.
And then Charles was kind of a slow starter.
Once he got started, said, oh God, that's good.
And he hasn't stopped ever since.
Although it's tasty, you got a question really since he didn't pick Diane out in the first place.
And she wasn't much of a prize anyway.
But that Camilla Parker bowls, man, oh man.
In fact, I think that's what she might be as man, oh man.
She looks like something in drag.
But anyway, they got the balls to be talking about us being silly.
Where the hell do they think we got it from?
From them, we learned the lesson well.
But we got to see this.
Only the Catholic Church could manipulate the media and the public to convince us that this was a major news story.
Not a religious story that had nothing to do with business being on there.
Here's a mess.
Here's a Catholic mess.
I understand that there's paid time on Sunday morning.
Reverend Schwer with this crystal, cathedral, all his millions.
And that faker that Nazi up there in Broward, that's on a TV.
Yeah, these guys are all over the place.
And they buy the time.
So they can propaganda and spread their empires.
Raise more cash.
But here's a Catholic mess and it's being passed off.
Oh, and the people who were covering this stuff.
I thought they were going to pass out especially that Christian Amon Pura on CNN.
Oh, it's just so wonderful to be here.
And now the Pope is back in Rome.
I saw him on a big Alitatio 747 Wattel off of there this morning on a TV.
He's back over there and guess what?
I don't see no political prisoners being released yet today to you.
I don't see Fidel kneeling on his thing and crossing himself and saying Hail Mary is in rubbing his beads.
I don't see any of that going on and don't hold your breath.
But Channel 4, Channel 6, Channel 7, Channel 10 thought it was a lot more important to give us a Catholic mess on Sunday morning,
which I guess most people wanted to go to a mass couldn't get out of the house.
Then do we give us the information about what the hell is going on here?
And now of course the media in their unbelievable feeding frenzy.
Now the new deal is they're taking polls on everything.
They're even got one question how long do you think the president's poll is?
And they're having not only ratings on what do you think of Clinton and what do you think of Kenneth Star?
What do you think of Monica Lewinsky?
Who, who, why, who the hell is Monica Lewinsky?
The side effect that we're seeing these few pictures on there, which now she's got the big fat bulbous face.
And three years ago she looked a lot better and by his standards was pretty damn hot.
She was a groupie.
She was an intern.
And she was a groupie hanging around outside the Oval Office or whatever else was oval in there as in Havos.
And she was scantily clad and provocatively clad and the president being real horn.
He said, all right, I'll do it as often as possible.
Yeah, what do you think?
And then they're asking all these people like Henry Hyde that right wing son of a bitch with his anti-abortion thing.
Remember the Hyde amendment that, yeah, they're asking him the head of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Well, what do you think about, yeah, right?
And he's just salivating.
Look at here we go.
Simpathy for Monica Lewinsky.
Sounds like a po-walk to me.
Jewish, I think.
Oh, no. Oh, God.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, all her buddies.
This, the other one that was on the Goldberg bitch, the attorney.
It's a Jewish conspiracy. There you go.
And right away the media is asking everybody all these questions.
What do you think that the public is going to do when he comes out of that state of the union and dress them on it?
What do you think that all the people in that damn humongous chamber?
What do you think they're going to be doing?
Yeah, they're going to be sniggering is what they're going to be doing.
So the bottom line is the President's horny, which is nothing new.
We've always known that he was a real womanizer.
And all our presidents have been horny.
In fact, if they're not, you should start asking some real questions.
I think the only one I can think of in recent history, we don't know too much about, was Gerald Ford.
And being his boring and much of a dullard and dumbness he was, he probably didn't know there was such a thing
of screwing around on the side.
In fact, he probably barely knew that there was so much of a thing of screwing around like in the missionary position, much less on the side.
But at any rate, so that's basically what we've got here.
And of course, what really cracks me up is these people who say, oh my god, but this is perjury and subordinate perjury and obstruction of justice, they told her to lie.
Well, of course they told her to lie.
Are you out of your mind?
Is there any public official at any level who's going to say, oh yeah, well if they ask you just say that, you were the best piece of ass I ever had, honey.
Of course they told her to lie.
So what's the big deal?
We're going to impeach the President.
We're going to force him to resign because he's screwing around.
He has from Little Rocks, isn't he?
He likes his rocks.
These people, man, these hypocrites, these silly ass people in this country.
And just coincidentally, by the way, happened to be reading the Seymour Hirsch book, which I'm reading three books at the same time, some little slow.
Seems to me like about three weeks I've been telling you I've been reading this book.
The dark side of Camelot about the Kennedys.
And Saturday night I'm reading this, and I came across about the page in a half, two pages here, which I would nearly don't read on the air,
but I'll make an exception right now, which I will read since most of you don't read and have read this book.
To give you a little bit of an idea of what life is really all about in the real world.
Page 226, the dark side of Camelot.
Listen very closely and very carefully, okay?
Larry Newman, the first college graduate of this family, probably joined the Secret Service in 1960, and in the fall of 1961, was quickly promoted to presidential detail.
His first major assignment was to provide security for a presidential speech in Seattle in November.
Newman and Clint Hill, a senior agent, flew to Washington in 10 days before Kennedy's visit.
We had excellent cooperation with the Seattle Police Department, and Newman recalled a 1995 interview for this book, and the president made his speech and returned without incident to the safety of his suite in the Olympic hotel.
The floor of the hotel had been sealed as Secret Service protocol dictated, access was limited to those with special clearance.
That night, Newman got what he called my baptism by fire.
Sometime after Kennedy was back, Newman heard a commotion of the elevator.
A loyal Democratic sheriff had come out of the elevator with two hookers, and was bringing them down toward the president's suite.
I stopped the man and he was loudly proclaiming that the two girls were for the president's suite.
The sheriff's party included a group of local policemen who would help to provide security for Kennedy's speech.
It was clear Newman told me that the sheriff and police men knew the women, and knew they were high-class call girls.
Before long, Dave Powers came out of the suite. The sheriff tried to walk inside with the two women, but Powers cut him off.
Newman recalled, thank him for bringing the girls up and took him into the suite.
Newman was embarrassed and at one point threatened to arrest the sheriff for interfering with the activities of federal officers.
He only wanted the thrill of letting the president know what a great favor he'd done for him, but what he wanted to do personally delivered the prostitutes was impossible.
Before leaving the floor, the sheriff officiously warned the two women that if any word of this night gets out, I'll see that both of you go to still cool, mistate mental hospital and never get out.
I couldn't believe this, he said, but he did. Newman recalled, I couldn't believe he said this, but he did.
One of the policemen, a lieutenant asked me, does this go on all the time? I just didn't know what to say and said, well, we traveled during the day. This only happens at night.
The cops, the firemen, and everybody else involved with presidential security have been alerted that these girls were going in and meeting with the president.
Meeting with the president, Newman said, there was no question about that. Something to do with meat.
Later that evening, Newman made what should have been a routine check of security along the corridors of the U-shaped hotel.
The presidential party had booked all the rooms on the floor and the suites for the president and the senior aides, powers and Kenny O'Donnell were located on one end of the corridor.
At least 60 out of police officers have been assigned to guard the fire escape exits on the floor, but Newman found their posts unmaned.
Instead, the officers were all bunched together in a fire escape well directly across from the presidential suite.
In room next to the president's two young women on the White House staff could be seen having a three-way sexual encounter with O'Donnell.
The president's chief of staff had drawn the windows, goss curtains, but not to have your blinds.
The policemen were passing a pair of binoculars back and forth binoculars that were supposed to be used to survey the streets outside.
They were waiting in turn so they could watch Newman told me. The sergeant apologized to me and they reposted themselves and that was it for me for the day.
I didn't know what to do or say.
When I saw in Seattle, it became commonplace to me and the other agents when we were on the road.
Dave Powers was the interface on these occasions and he'd find the women or bring the women along. The women would be brought out of the president's suite after three or four hours.
This became a matter of great concern Newman told me because we didn't know who these people were and we didn't know what they had on their person.
You would just look up and see Dave Powers munching down the hall and saying, hi pal, and we had no way to stop it.
We were told just not to interfere with it. We didn't know if the president at that next morning would be dead or alive.
Newman now living in Fort Collins, Colorado was quick to say that he and his fellow agents loved Kennedy and loved the fact that he made an effort to learn the names of the agents and some personal detail about them.
It was highly frustrating because we thought so much of the guy Newman told me. We really didn't like seeing him think so little of himself if that's the right word.
One solution was to blame Powers O'Donnell and other Kennedy hangers on who supplied the women.
They could have been better friends in my opinion. Newman said they could have had more respect for the security.
They've written many books about how much they loved him. They were really running a hard risk on this, he said. They were running a really, really hard risk.
It is so hard.
And that's all I'm going to read. So there you go, just from one little excerpt, two pages out of the book about Kennedy, the Dark Side of Camelotton,
whatever I've read so far in spite of all the denials, I have no reason to disbelieve any of this stuff in this book.
Presidents and entertainers have been screwing around for as long as anybody can remember and nobody gets shocked.
Nobody says, oh my God, he's the president after all. I mean, I will grant you that the concept of the president having phone sex with some slut is a little bit topry at best.
It's embarrassing. He's the president after all.
But you know something where he takes his clothes off and God, I sure don't want to see that.
But when he takes his clothes off, he's just another man, just like anybody else.
And the way the media are carrying on about all this, I'd like to see all these self-righteous assholes. I'd like George Will, who was on there yesterday opening up a big mouth.
I'd like to see what's going on in his goddamn closet. This right wing son of a bitch. When he's not watching the Cubs lose baseball games.
Juvenile, it's pathetic, it's embarrassing, and I think it about a week he'll be out.
No, I really do. I said that last week. I said I give it two weeks. I think my timetable was probably correct. They'll drum his ass out.
And of course we know it's not political. Right.
When you're a branch of who is there anybody out there with a brain larger than a small thumbnail? Is there anybody out there who cares about anything other than somebody wearing a goddamn jacks strat?
Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
I want to ask a question. Explain to me about a speech, man. I mean, what about speech men?
Yeah, yeah. Why? I mean, why is that? I was first and I'll explain to you. Okay, Ricky.
Ricky Ricardo there doing a little routine. Explain to me about speechment. And then there's double men. Yeah, double men, which are those twins.
By the way, there's one for the president, one for Al Gore too. W, you know what that's all about? As in that's it. W, you're pleasure. W, you're fun.
One in the couch and one's under one. That's what it's all about. Amigo. See you in Habana with VDL and the ill papa.
I'm going to take up religion, I think. Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Hello. How you doing?
Good. How are you? Okay. I want to bring up Billy Clinton again. Yeah. And say the question is not whether or not he had the door lock, but I can't
to keep his temper in his pants for the next two years. Yeah. Why does it bother you that he's getting laid a lot? No, I think it's kind of strange that he just can't seem to keep it under a wrap.
Why is that strange? What man can't keep it under wraps? Do you know any men who elder than fags who aren't interested in banging every chick that comes along?
Even if he doesn't look back at you. Do you? Like who? How about say, well man who is married? And I'm not talking about someone in power. I just mean any man.
Any man who is married is not screwing around on the side. Are you married? Yes, I am married. Well, I sure hope that you force your husband to use a lot of protection because one of these days if he hasn't already, he's going to bring you home a real big surprise. I hope not.
But you never know how long have you been married for two years? Oh two years while I explain it just wait. You're in for a real shock. But I was just wondering why Bill just can't save it.
You can't save it for what? Like in a jar? Like in a big bed or a bar? Why does he have to go around and do it? It wouldn't even be an issue. I think the ideas are all true. I think you ought to be proud of him. At least a lot of the stuff is just phone sex over the phone. Okay. Maybe he's saving that in the jar. I don't know. Why should anybody be concerned about the president's banana?
Why does that concern you? I mean if he was doing it with miners or something, then of course we throw his ass in jail. But then everybody's talking about well, she was only 21 three years ago. What's wrong with a 50 year old guy doing it with somebody who's 21? What's wrong with that?
Well, I'm not doing it. What's wrong with him not doing it? Oh, maybe he wants to do it evidently. What's wrong with that? Would you want a president who's not interested in sex? Why can he be interested with his wife?
What you've seen her, haven't you? She's got a nice ass. Thank God for that. I'm glad you could find somebody you could relate to sweetheart. She's got a nice ass. Maybe he's not into ass. Maybe he's more concerned about her.
She's got a real party now. Yeah. Maybe he's more concerned about her. My God. What is wrong with you? Don't you understand these people are from Arkansas?
She's got a nice ass. How do you know you see her ass? Well, I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle. My mother is my dear aunt. Well, it is very plain to see my first cousin is me.
That's what we need another female little part in office like Reagan who even if he did do it, he couldn't remember anyway. In fact, I don't think he remembers where to stick it. As in Brackdom, right? He forgot. That's what auntie says. Just say no. I mean, this brought here.
She was hysterical. Why can't he just not do it? Give me a break. Why can't he not do it for Christ's sake, almighty? Just like the Pope. I would be surprised if the Pope and Fidel had a little something going on there myself.
They look pretty damn chummy by the time he left. He had a big smile on his old wrinkled up puts and his face too. Oh my God. She is in for the shock of her life this poor broad man. Oh, but she's been married all the two years. She knows that moral moral married guys. They don't screw around on the side. That's fucking bitch. Right.
Who now wants to be married to some moral? Yeah, right. Boring. The word is boring. You're looking for a sweetheart and I guarantee he's getting plenty probably right now. Why do you think he's at work?
He's probably doing everything that moves. We need because after all that's what it's all about. Isn't it money power and sex? That's what life is all about unless you're out of gold. In which it's food, money power and sex in that order. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Lady in Miami going once morning. What are you? Let me ask you something when I say hello to you. I was listening to the radio. My husband is forced me to listen to this, but I would like to ask if God is forcing you.
Yes, I'm about to call the police, but I'm tired of hearing about this Clinton crap is Mrs. Clinton is not worried about it. Why should we? There's better. She's worried about her not. She's not. I'm a woman. Right. You can miss me. It's not. She's not worried about it. I don't see any other. What you're saying is women women don't care whether their husband they're screwing around. No, there you go.
Now we're talking. Now we're talking. And I'm tired of channel 4 617 all of them. I'm tired of hearing about it. I'm an average working woman, but I'm tired of hearing about Mrs. Clinton and who's he who's he is. Who is not. Right.
Let's get on with better things. Okay. Let's run on the cross the seas. Let's pay more attention to that. That's a priority right now. How about bombing Iraq? That sounds good to me. That's great. Let's hop right on that. Yes, that's great. I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm with Michelle over there too. All right. Thanks. I think she's talking about me. She'll kill him. I'm all for that. Just send a rest over there and leave it there. We got the.
See the reason I'm pumping the number so much today is because we only got like a half a line working and when we go to with there's nobody there anyway because the phones all screwed up. Not that I want to make a big song and a dance about this, but I might be out six for the next couple of weeks.
Since all of this stuff should have been done before we started here, but again, these people man like I told you before nothing moves them love or money or threats or illegal or nothing. Absolutely nothing moves this outfit. Just like those great TV spots were still waiting to see. Now they're working on getting us those picture cards. Finally, after I belly ached and bitched and screamed and hollered.
But of course that might require an expense of a got a photographer coming in here to take the same old stupid ugly picture. What the hell do I care what it looks like? Just something to scribble on man. Oh my you know George had a very very interesting observation a while ago, which you may have heard if you run hold, which is where the only good stuff on his show comes is when you're on phone during hold when we're talking back and forth on the intercom, which goes on the year. And that is when he first started working for this second rate horse and buggy out fit back in May or June after we got our walking papers from I.O.D. and I got paid off.
And he did not so we had to like have a meaningful almost employment w i.o.d. Oh, I hate that station. And he started being the production ace for several months. And he came in and he kind of looked around at this joint and he would start bringing up things like that were like ordinary one of the middle things is.
People in the radio business would understand and do and they would look at him like, huh what language would you be spicking like what should be talking about man? What's that with a major reality check like you remember and a Zoltan I'm not going to knock him because he's a great guy. He looks good. And his wife is very nice Jennifer.
And then we went to dinner the other night at Petaloum is had a great meal on Friday night, but when I said something about the log I think I think he thought I was getting personal.
He said, oh, you mean the thing that the commercials are listed I think yeah, there you go. And he's and he's one of the brighter guys we got around here. Okay. I said show me your log and she kind of like turn beat red. Oh, man. It's like oh this is radio. I thought it was a Chinese laundry. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. Nell. Yes. You know what the difference is between Clinton and all the other past presidents.
Besides is being done. What is that? No, but I think it's going around just because he's not not as bad screwing around is no different.
No, exactly. He has failed to cover it up nicely and the only difference is there's there's 45,000 talk shows and 50,000 media with cameras and microphones. Of course. And that's the difference. Yeah. I mean, I don't know.
Yeah, when Kennedy was scrolling around in the White House, there was you know, what was there? Sam Donaldson and that old. Everybody knew about it and nobody said anything. And that's the way it was. But now there's no respect. Everything is tabloid journalism. And we and the American public really believes they got a right to know what his thing looks like.
I don't want to know what is thing. I believe me. That would be the last one I'd ever want to see. It really doesn't matter though. I mean, I got caught big deal. Everyone does it. Everyone does it.
And not according to that young lady I called earlier to show you here. She's been married for two years. All the more men don't screw around. I just went for a real surprise. Honey. I just saw her husband screwing around over here in Kendall. Probably listen to me. Wait, wait, wait. I just have a quick question. Yes, go ahead. Do you think the pope the way he was shaken over in Cuba? You think you would give a good hand job? Have a great day. Now only for dealt with no for sure. Men of God don't do such things. They don't spill their seat on the ground. Maybe that's why they wear those long gowns.
This is 560. She way out. Where having a ball in the game 90 everybody is happy. Yeah.
Everybody is out in the game 90. Why even though what you want to offer?
Yes, that's right. Yes, that's right. So go ahead and set that round. Yes, that's the game 90. Everybody is out there. Yes, that's right.
Yes, that's right. Yes.
Here's Sunrise. Hello. Hello, you white jubacito. Wish you were the Italian. Yeah. How are you? Okay. Is it a common? I wish I was Italian. What?
More Italian than most of your guitos are. Listen, how come everything can be sound like a holy oil anyway? Yeah, well, I'm half and half. Which half?
Half in my pants that you want in your mouth, homo. Yeah. Listen, welcome. Everything got to refer to homo sexual sex. Like in the other. Every other word out of your mouth has been. I know it was a speck. I know it was a speck. Holy hell.
I know it was a speck. Holy hell.
.
Now oh yeah.
I'm going to count on you.
Pointing to you about how we could play on the air.
Well, just a second.
Because here's the story.
Here's the latest inside story.
Forget about the president's scandal.
We got a scandal going on here at QAM that's 100 times worse.
And that is that we have promos which are we, our Georgia's requested to put together.
Daily promos for the show.
From interesting clips of what happened on the video,
previous day show, that we play on the air,
which might entice and encourage other people to listen to the show.
Which is called a promo rhymes with in this business.
Okay. Now amazingly enough, we found out last week through a clandestine sources
that there was a certain somebody I won't mind a mention, no name.
Hey, stop it.
That keeps screaming at this board off, not to play certain of our promos,
because they tend to be a little too titillating a little bit too sexual
for that very passive, constipated sports audience that only wants to hear if
Fredonia High is going to beat Lakeview by 10 points in the soccer game.
And that kind of like frosted my soul a bit because in all the years I've been on the air,
I never heard of anybody censoring promos that run on their show.
It's just part of the station business and they're on there.
Now we find out that a great promo that George put together from Friday
or Thursday when we had Al Goldstein on here,
that this promo also was conspicuously disappeared,
which was supposed to be running, but hasn't been running.
It didn't run all this morning on the worst thing.
Possibly the weekend.
Maybe didn't run on the weekend either.
And here it is.
What is that thing in sports?
What is that thing in sports?
Where there's this tremendous, feely touchy,
and these people don't want to think about it.
Then it becomes very new.
The only way you can, before 10 and after two,
you're all a bunch of faggot.
You're naked?
You're taking showers?
That's a gay club you moron.
You're in a fail club.
You're looking for glory holes.
The Miami Dolphin Bathouse.
I didn't.
Ouch, you're fatally.
You're homosexuals, you're feminine.
You are faggots.
Okay, that was the promo that was supposed to be running
with a great hysterical Al Goldstein.
And I guess we didn't want to rub the sports,
but don't they think that those people have any sense of humor
whatsoever?
No, okay.
Thank you.
Honest of God.
I've never been worked in my life.
I've never worked on a radio station where the people are so
embarrassed to have this show on the station.
They're very happy to have the revenue coming in,
and they're hoping that a lot of big radios come to
the show ring in here, but their embarrassed is hell to have
this station on.
Which I don't understand, because most of the people around
here are fags anyway.
God.
Except for Joe.
Well, he's Italian, so it's kind of like half an half.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Let's get with it, guys.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You all right?
That was quick.
Of course.
Are they doing it quick today?
I got one line working today.
What do you expect?
Do you have a good weekend?
Great.
Real fast.
I don't even know there was any weekend.
It went fast.
It went by like Greece.
I was in the show.
It was a protest on the news.
And the campaign was open to 45 talking head shows yesterday.
Yeah.
I went to my mom's house yesterday.
And my mom had the Pope the whole day.
I'm a fake.
What can I say?
Well, anyways.
I think the whole key to the Clinton deal, the whole
ticket of the Super Bowl, the whole key to this town,
and this country is that money makes the world go around.
I don't know what you think.
This hang up with sex in this country.
I go, oh, well, it's the sanctity of the marriage.
Oh, yeah, it's Adi with that crap.
I mean, what are we talking about here?
Next we're going to be hearing about the president's
power movement.
That'll be next.
We'll be the first time, though.
We had to hear about that when Eisenhower had a heart attack in 1956 or
whatever the hell it was.
Before most of you were born, President Eisenhower has a heart attack.
He's in the hospital.
And the press reports very dutifully, if you pardon that expression,
that President Eisenhower had a good power movement that day.
And I'm not making that up either.
That's the God damn honest truth.
The president had a good ball.
I'm surprised he didn't pick through it and see if Adi
cornered the week before.
I mean, we're talking the media, man, are out of their freaking minds.
And just like whoever made these choices yesterday to inflict upon
everybody who doesn't have a satellite dish that Pope Aroani
business down there in Cuba for hours and hours and hours,
like this was a news event.
And just glowing and peeing all over this thing.
They're like, oh, I hate to break the news to you.
The Pope is a Catholic, okay?
Which the Catholics are a religion out of hundreds and hundreds and thousands of
cults.
It is not a Catholic country.
It's not a Catholic world, although they're trying to like crazy to reproduce
enough to make it that way.
But it's not.
He's not some great world.
Literary is a God damn phony piece of crap is what he is.
He's a dottering old fool preaching hateful crap from the Stone Age.
And nobody there in the media has got the balls to say anything like that.
Like this was some glorious, blessed event.
And what a coincidence it was that we had all these thousands of screaming people
out there because we know in Cuba, those people are so free.
Nothing is ever orchestrated.
They were there because their emotions drove them to be there.
Viva la papa.
Viva la papa.
They thought they were handing out poppies.
That's what they all say.
Yeah, right.
Poppies.
That's what they thought they were handing out.
Malala papa.
You grew up with them both.
And now Antler Records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and Bullwinkle.
We heard you call, Boris Ed in North Natasha.
You're is only without you.
Yes, Simon and Bullwinkle.
We caught it live in Central Park and Frost by Falls.
The music of Paul Simon, the lyrics of Mr. Noet Hall.
I'm thinking of this radio station, but I'm nothing more than animation.
You know, you know, it makes you no me.
Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits.
I am a move.
I am a move.
As it is fall.
But it's not art.
And Rock steals the theme.
Because movies never play.
Unfortunately, Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits.
Now, available at Mr. P. Barney's Records and Dead.
That's what all the good stuff was.
The 60s and the 70s.
I'm not talking about the drugs in the 60s, because I missed out on that.
But I mean, just good stuff.
60s and 70s.
In the 80s, we got Reagan and Bush and everybody started getting like really jaded.
And I'll bend out a shape around the ages.
It's very materialistic.
And then the 90s came and God only knows what this is all about.
You got to God damn poke over there in Cuba.
By the way, I understand that there are many people very distressed.
I don't understand, but I just get that feeling.
I just get the vibes.
Psychic vibrations that there are many people who are upset that I won't jump on at Van Wagon.
And you're right, I won't.
What a disgrace.
That this man brings this empty stone age rhetoric to an island of starving, desperate, oppressed people
and gives the lecture to everybody, including this country, and gives it a start in the dictate foreign policy for the entire world.
Let me say it again.
He's the hot shot from the Catholic Church.
Nobody elected him.
He's a dictator of his own sort.
He's a dictator.
Nobody elected to God damn poke.
Oh, well, the cardinals elected him.
I didn't think baseball season started the cardinals.
I got your cardinals right over here, Mr.
and Chuck Knoblock ain't playing for the cardinals.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I'm here.
How you doing?
You know, it's funny that you hit the nail man today saying that this country has a fascination with voyeurism.
And it's crazy what they're doing to President Clinton.
It's ridiculous that it's getting this far.
I mean, Chica Lina would never have gotten this far in this country.
In politics, as she did in Italy, you know, based upon the stupid, pure, tantic latitudes, the people here.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I just thought that you hit the nail on the head.
The people were just too much of a busy body and the media.
Because they're juvenile, don't you understand?
They're so easily titillated as if this is some great shock and surprise.
And the media are right there to exploit it and bring out every facet of it and milk it and put on every kind of rumor in the window.
And go with news.
I mean, this is the last three or four days has been the greatest example of how irresponsible the media are.
Every piece of gossip.
I mean, I got news for in Herala with those gossip shows he does with Cindy Adams and Mike Walker and all those other glam.
Forget about that.
His show is peanuts compared to what the so-called legitimate networks are doing.
It's a gossip fest, man.
They're in our feet.
They're trying to wag the dog.
It came out now because it's totally true.
Do you remember a three mile island?
What was the name of the movie?
What about the China?
The China syndrome?
The China syndrome with Jack Lemon and Henry Fonda wearing it right?
Right.
And that came out and right when that movie came out we had the three mile island meltdown.
Right.
And Steve, no coincidence, man.
Those people in Hollywood wouldn't do anything.
I bet your Jack Waltz got something to do with it.
But I think that's perfect timing.
Just ironic how the media machine already did the purchase by anything.
Now they got to pick up a new bomb.
There you go.
You can take OJ for start and then man, since OJ, if we don't have some big ball to squeeze
all the time, we just, their life isn't worth a crap.
Well, in closing, I'm going on that cruise that didn't get to get a came in this week or actually next
for next week.
So I'll give you a review call and get back.
Well, I can just want to hear what's going on there.
I have a great day, pal.
All right.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, speaking of fang stuff, I'll get that one guy all upset that's
picked up there that's subhating fangit.
Judge Orders named me to keep sailor.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
Because there were no sooner.
It wasn't a question of don't ask, don't tell.
It was a question that we're going to ask and then we're going to throw your ass out as
what it was all about.
Hey, sailor.
Exactly.
A federal judge blocked the Navy on Monday from discharging a senior chief petty officer for
homosexuality, castigating military officials for launching a search and destroy mission
against him based on information of pain from an online service and a blisterring attack
on the Navy's handling of the case, US district judge Stanley Sporkin said the service had violated
not only Pentagon guidelines for investigating suspected homosexuals but also federal statutes.
Might to protect the privacy of electronic internet users.
You know what this Navy guy's name is, by the way.
He got very much changed.
His name is Timothy Armic-Vay.
Bad name, pal.
I mean, good decision, but bad name.
The grandin of a temporary injunction in the law has been remained unactive.
Duty till the case can be heard fully in court but Sporkin also made it clear his view.
The Navy has no chance of winning the its argument based on the evidence so far.
He included an impassioned plea for greater acceptance of gays in the ranks urging the military
to move beyond this vestige of discrimination and misconception of gay men and women,
which we say is about time.
Every other goddamn civilized country in the world, even those uptight Canadians, man,
have got fags in the military but not the US.
Well, just pretend you're not, okay?
Just don't tell us.
And even if you don't tell us, we'll sneak it around on your diary and on the internet and on the audio one
and that every other goddamn thing and we'll find out.
And then we'll weed you out of there because Jay Edgar Hoover writes in PCD pretty pissed off about this.
That's faggot.
See, this is what need...
When are people going to wake up and sniff the panties in this country already for Christ's sakes?
Fags investigating other fags, that's basically what this stuff is all about.
And like that Pete Williams son of a bitch who got hired by NBC, the former Pentagon spokesman
during the Gulf War, everybody remember Pete Williams who was on there under that don't ask,
don't tell bull crap?
Yeah, Pete Williams, PD Bird.
A real fruit fly if there ever was one outed by the advocate, a real screamer if there ever was one
is faggot son of a bitch and he's a...
Oh yeah, I'm fully in accord with the... right.
Let's have a winch hunt on everybody else but let's just leave poor PD alone, okay?
To do his whatever he's doing.
Sucking and whatever, brims with it.
We have a celebrity fagg you color on the line?
Oh, you're holding one second. I got someone at the door. Just one second, it's a federally.
What is this? He's got somebody at the door. This guy's worse than the people that put us on a hold.
He calls me from Los Angeles long distance. On the bat line, he's got somebody at the door.
Neil? Yes.
I'm starving now away and I just got my schedule back.
You guys can put it down. Listen, Neil, what's that?
You got your one, what is it?
I'm getting more food delivered, federal.
Let's rogge this, bro.
No, just a minute. I want to tell you something. After you called me, I was taking a nap after the early hockey in Saturday.
I'm lying there at 6.30 in the phone range and it's this fat you from Los Angeles.
And he starts talking to food, of course.
And then he starts telling me he's got how his...
I don't know how to refer to rows. I'll just say rows.
She brought my friend, yes, friend.
143 candy bars back from Toronto, your friend for my friend John.
That's right.
And now I hang up the phone and out of a sound nap I put up and like an automaton.
I put on my shoes, I get in the car and I go to publics looking for Ben and Jerry's fishboot,
which because I talked about it with you on the air, there is none left, of course.
So I get two pints of Ben and Jerry's other flavors and go home and eat a quarter ice cream.
Thank you.
I hope you get to be 400 pounds every night for three nights I've had fishboot.
It is the most wonderful ice cream I've ever had.
The caramel, the death white marshmallow, those chocolate fishes.
I'm going to be for that.
Was I right?
Was I right?
It is delicious but then the worst is I bought the kind of lonely flavor.
I bought jelly, peanut butter.
You know what I'm saying?
Holy can only.
Holy can only which is not, which is good though, it's not not.
And then I went back to Hobby Chubby, which I still have in the freezer.
But I want to get you hot.
Here's what's waiting for you in pomp and no.
One dozen of crunchy, one dozen.
I'm not eating any of this, Mr. Patrick.
I'm diabetic.
I'm on a, if I had one week of eating, listen to me.
If I had one week of eating the way that you do everyday of your life, I'd be in a box.
You could send me flowers.
Yeah, but if you die, it'll be, I will save, I will save the endangered species, cool fishboot.
Yeah.
But okay, I have a dozen clothes.
I'll take you, why don't you try dying first and you'll leave some over for me.
I have a dozen cherry blossom, a dozen small teas, and a dozen flake.
Or wait, or Cadbury, or waiting in pomp and no.
Beautiful.
So just remember that.
I remember.
Okay.
What about the, what about the, what about the president getting all these blow jobs from this young Jewish chick?
Isn't it a man, she's ugly though, with, you know, ugly girls, like Barbara's rice, and we always call them BJ girls.
Because she wouldn't take him out unless they, you know, unless you take her release.
She's a big fat ugly girl.
She looks like my first wife.
She's not least my first wife.
She is so great.
I did, I did an editorial there.
I came up with the ultimate point of view to no one have that the reason Chelsea has gone to college.
She's been with in-depth in the family.
He was buying his daughter.
And I think, I think he's the best reality.
He was also doing the dog butch, buddy, buddy.
Butch, buddy, same buddy, nut.
Butch is Jan Arino, that's your turn, you're going to do it.
You got to do it.
And then Bishop, he dug a rough, he's doing a hard job.
I'm surprised you left out the Pope.
Oh, well, oh, and then thanks.
Nobody's that desperate.
How are Easter issue you're going to love with?
Do three pages of transvestite, fashions featuring the Pope.
I hope Dresden hell of a lot better than the fascinates was word in Cuba.
Oh, Easter's bad, you know, he should stay with basic black.
And he needs white, white pearl.
Doesn't he?
That would be a nice cut, yeah, it was fitting perfectly.
Easter issue, anyway, but I'm here in LA and I'm thinking about you and thanks.
I couldn't buy the ice cream and in Poppano, because Rose won't let me.
So I made a break for freedom on the LA.
Maybe you can get a little hog in there, I was doing, you can resurrect.
Remember after the OJ thing?
They were seeing how fast it melts and what flavor it was, you know, with Nicole.
And maybe you could resurrect that test again.
Well, you know, you can do a test on each one of the flavors and find out how long it takes for them to melt.
I tell you, you know, we joke, but you forget the importance of this.
Remember the manendus murders?
Of course.
Okay, they were murdered the mother and father because they were eating vanilla ice cream,
and they were not sharing it with the boys.
Exactly.
You don't share ice cream.
Good luck.
Especially if you have fish, but who now wants to share that?
No, I would never.
I'd rather die.
But I want to thank you.
I didn't eat ice cream for one year.
Thanks to one evening with you.
There you go.
I've had ice cream every night.
So in other words, I'm a better food pusher than you are.
Yes.
Excellent.
If you want the Canadian candies, they're waiting to be impopidated.
Okay.
I'll keep it in mind now.
Take care of yourself.
I'll take care of you.
But I'm just going to get out of here.
I'm going to get a little bit of a drink.
But I don't have a drink.
I met a priest when I was 11.
He said he would save my soul.
But we made a detour on the way to heaven.
And in two years that room we did take a stroll.
While he was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer.
But that was broken when that thank you, ma'am.
I've got my lesson by the preacher man behind the rectal reed.
Start looking.
The next baby I felt like a sinner.
And I showed up to get communion.
But on my tongue that wasn't a wafer.
And it wasn't a driffin of my chin.
Well, he was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
That's a lick up.
Pulled up his rope and went and thank you, ma'am.
I've got my lesson by the preacher man behind the rectal reed.
Yeah, he was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Pulled up his rope and went and thank you, ma'am.
I've got my lesson by the preacher man behind the rectal reed.
Power and control.
That's what it's all about, baby.
Power and control with the religious suffreakes with a lot of doctors.
You know, they were that thing, that frock, which rhymes with, and etc.
And politicians, of course.
This is a bunch of hooi.
Like I said, how come we haven't been playing that?
That's because it's on bank number three, which I'm just too lazy to posky run with that.
Although it would be nice to go to that.
I like it.
Get out of here with that.
The bank number four wants to know how to play.
More on.
Just for the hell of it.
Okay, we have two open lines that both in date, 5667 05 60 and 5666 on a mobile one line.
Here's Hylia.
Hello.
Hylia.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm the one who said there was no priest.
There was no gays in the priest.
Yes, sir.
You're still working up.
You're still listening, which I can commend you for, Hylia.
No, because I won't hear all the garbage you're talking about.
That's why.
No, because you like the show.
No, I don't.
Yes, you do.
You love it.
No, I don't.
Well, why would anybody be that stupid?
It's still be listening to the show like every day if they hit what's on the air.
Are you do you have any life at all?
Yes, I do.
And what do you do?
Do you work?
Yes, I do.
I'm going to undertake.
Oh, that's perfect.
I wonder what you're doing with those stiffs.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Okay, that's why I'm not quite good.
Yeah, now we're starting to get to the heart of the matter here.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Sure.
What's the problem?
You called me.
I didn't call you.
I don't have any problems.
Because you're talking about the president.
I don't have any problems.
You let the, you let the, you, it's okay.
The president has, now you're married.
Now you're starting to get all bent out of shape again.
Okay.
Let's not start talking about the president.
Okay, he's not a religious figure.
He's a lethical.
He's a lethical.
He's a sickle.
How about Colonel Spellman?
Was he a sickle that how all his boys brought to the rectumry there in the limousines?
There was, there's nothing happened.
How, how about the covenant house?
How about the covenant house all over the cozy?
There was no proof.
I'm getting out of here.
There was no proof that like 8,000 young kids completed.
There was, there was 50,000 kids.
Yeah, sure.
There was 400,000 guys that came forward and tested by that no evidence.
There was no evidence.
Yeah, they just all figured out.
All the came to the ground.
All the time to all the lie.
All the time to all the lie.
All the time to all the lie.
All the time to all the lie.
Yup.
And your case, your dealt.
You got a problem with that while you're doing all those stiffs that you dig out from under the ground.
Okay, your case.
Yeah.
And you know you're committing a sin by doing what?
Having sex with the brother.
How do you know how do you know I'm having sex with anybody?
Well, just being gay.
Are you willing to join a book?
Okay.
Are you writing a book?
No.
Yeah, so you're busy making judgments on me, Mr. Hodg.
Shot sounds to me like you're so brainwashed you need psychiatric health.
No, I don't.
And you're not in the church.
There you go.
That's right.
There's none.
There's no fags in the church.
That's correct.
How do you know that?
Are you an expert on fags?
You know that you can you sniff them out?
Yup.
How do you know that?
Yeah, here we go.
Here we go.
Yup.
Yup.
And in fact, you can do that work.
It's like the whole reason you could have sex the whole reason.
It's not when you start you're not working man.
You lost it.
You lost it.
You lost it.
It was the whole reason.
It was the nice try, Julio.
But I hope you dig up a good stiff, okay?
It's in stiffy.
We have a red in stiffy.
You criticize your own religion?
He's a put on a guy who couldn't even keep a straight thing.
Just some little Julio having a good time with himself and his boyfriend.
Baggett.
But thanks for...
There's no fags in the church.
Thanks for the great promo in the drop-in, too, by the way, sir.
We love it.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello.
Yeah, and Neal, I got something about that.
Got it. There's no fags in the church.
Yes, sir.
I just feel an altar boy who was about 10 or 11.
There's no fags in the church.
And the priest at that church used to take us to basketball games.
And sometimes I don't know how I would get over his house.
And nothing ever happened or anything.
But he would always take kids on baseball trips.
Yeah.
And he told me that he used to like the rep for with us.
And...
He even offered one.
Now let me ask you how old were you with this time?
I was... I think six great, sir.
I guess that was about 11 or 12.
Oh, perfect. Yeah, there you go.
And I guess I didn't know about fags yet.
And I didn't know, you know?
Yeah.
Well, it's not a fact.
It's just that the priests are friendly.
That's all they...
You know?
More than one occasion,
I... to go in the shower in my clothes on.
I go to the house.
And if I...
At least he didn't try to get you to take your clothes off.
No, he said with the money.
I guess he figured I'd take him off.
If I did this, he would have taken me on a baseball trip around the country.
Around the world.
You almost said around the world, yeah.
Yeah, it's like Cincinnati and place there.
And...
There's no fact in the church.
Of course not.
I just...
I couldn't believe that I'd called earlier and think it was San...
Well, he's just in denial, you know?
And I got a request, sir.
Okay.
Big black guy named Bob.
Big black guy named Bob.
The color-long guy.
Get away from the car.
He's big and he's black.
And that's what his name has been.
Oh, big black guy named Ben.
Well, we're the...
Oh, I'm not going to run.
Yeah, I'm not going to run.
Car theft is on the rock.
In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club will protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben can.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system,
and even less than you pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out.
And he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car,
Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with,
although he really doesn't say much.
Just...
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
He got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My name of it isn't that great.
There have been a lot of cars best.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard it away from the car, motherfucker.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben, protecting my car,
let's me sleep better at night.
Go now.
1-800-1 big guy.
That's 1-800-1-BIG-GUI.
And instead of hearing this.
You'll hear this.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
And I'm fucking talking.
You better get your tapes rolled into the day, boys and girls,
because the crap is gonna fly like I told the morning team.
Or like I told Joe the little dog in the morning team.
He's the only one with balls on it, Joe, by the way.
We thought that Gelly was the only one who was the smoothie on it,
Joe, and little did I realize till this morning that the depot was just a pimple.
First of all, before we get to that, if I were ill-presidentate,
I'll tell you what I would do right now.
I am so sick and so tired of this crap, of this sleaze,
of this tabloid garbage that is going on now.
And it is these right wing lunatics who have been trying for the last six years now
to unseat this president, as many foibles as he's got and he's got plenty of them.
And it's a bunch of bull crap.
If I were him, I'll tell you exactly what I would do.
I would order the FBI as the Chief Law Enforcement Officer of the country,
which ill-presidentate is, I would order the FBI to arrest Kenneth Star
and Monica Lewinsky today, have them both tried immediately for treason
and high crimes against the government.
And then I'd have them electrocuted right on heraldah with 430 this afternoon.
How does that sound?
Sounds good to me.
I mean, we're talking about the trashiest, the most invasive, the cruddiest garbage.
And I'll get my newsweek yesterday, which of course is just loaded with this sludge.
And here's a headline on one of the pages, page 36 of this week's newsweek.
Explosive charges as in Scorch Scorch.
That kind of explosion, little play on words there, okay?
Lewinsky said Clinton also liked phone sex
and that she was keeping a dress stained with his semen.
I'll never wash it again, she declared.
Now, isn't it going to be beautiful if we wind up having DNA tests of the president
to see if his semen matches that on the dress that this sludge is allegedly hanging on to?
I just can't stand that sludge.
Exactly.
Who now we discover had a five-year affair before she went as an intern to the White House,
scantily clad all the time that they had to keep sending her home, by the way.
Before she went to the White House as a 21-year-old intern,
for five years she was sleeping around having a affair with another married guy.
And the affair went on until guess what?
His wife found out about it.
Very marginal-looking guy, too, by the way, really subhuman, that they've had on the news this morning.
Is this what America has come to?
What other country in the world would tolerate this kind of sputum, man?
And the media, you people are insane.
You are out of your minds.
And by the way, I would take, I would take Kendistar, Monica Lewinsky,
and Wolf Blitzer.
Stick those three in there and fry all the rats is what I would do.
Right?
Exactly.
Out of your minds.
And they keep interviewing all these people around the country and they're saying,
we don't give a crap.
That's all personal.
We don't care who we screw in and who he's doing, how much seeming she's got on her dress,
on her...
Correct.
...wherever it is.
All we care about is, like, can our kids go to school and can we walk to streets
and is the economy okay and can we get a job?
That's what most people care about.
And I mean, this thing is just, I'm just nauseated with it.
Nauseated.
I wouldn't be surprised if the Clinton people are pulling the country with this, so to speak.
And you notice the timing to show you that not all bad things came out of this, so to speak.
Now he's nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Because they figured if anybody knows how to get a good peace, there's the guy.
Right, Baba?
Leave him alone already for Christ's sake.
What a bunch of garbage.
Talk about desperate, scraping it.
She, and of course, her attorney, this William Ginsburg guy that gets on.
Too many Jews involved in this, get me aggravated.
We got Ginsburg and Goldberg and Lewinsky and all these Jews involved in this.
Well, I go to my mother's for lunch yesterday.
She says, oh, it's so terrible she has to be Jewish.
Oh, and then oral sex.
And then there's a pause and she looks at me.
Oh, did I say something wrong?
No, ma. Most of us fags are big on oral sex, okay.
But quite frankly, I don't really care what they're doing, okay?
Did I say something wrong?
A oral sex fat.
And like Howard Klangberg said to me at the game last night, we know she's making a story up.
Because Jewish women give an oral sex. Forget that.
Maybe for a credit card or something like that, but not just for the halibut.
And then the news week, the news week thing is amazing about how her mother was also a slut.
A slut writing a columnist.
Writing a column on showbiz for the Hollywood reporter,
making up all this garbage about the private lives of three tenors.
Luciano Pavrote and Jose Carreta and Placido Domingo.
And about, oh, God.
First hand research on the sex life of Placido Domingo.
Recounding descriptions of the opera singers orgasmic screams.
Ha ha ha ha!
I mean, this is what you call your really very functional family.
And they're ready to try to unseat the goddamn government.
Nice try, Kenneth Star.
Straight to jail. Do not pass, go. Do not collect 200 anything. You asshole.
You're right, winked, fanatic idiot. Nice try.
You can happen.
And I am so, I'm telling you, I just can't, I would like to eliminate which we won't do.
But all the breaks, everything, and just ramble on here until two o'clock.
I'm so pissed off. I've reached the great milestone in my life.
And it happened in the last 24 hours.
I had, I didn't really know where to start. I'm almost at a loss for words, but I'll start at the beginning.
Now, it came in real early this morning. I have no idea why.
And I'm driving in and I'm listening to the morning show, the worst theme.
And of course, the conversation turns to last night's Panthers Carolina Huracun game.
Okay? And I'm listening to the conversation and that turns to Brian Murray.
And his show yesterday morning, his weekly Tuesday morning coach's show.
And the fact that, deep according to DFO, he had to take a lot of bladder, all the bladder he had to put up with.
And of course, Joe is the only one who's got the balls to say, what are you talking about?
All of the calls released, most of them seem to be on valid points and make a lot of sense.
And I noticed that Joe also held the coaches' feet to the fire about certain matters too.
Like about Eddie and the Robby and how long do we wait on some of these guys, etc.
But unfortunately in this town, we've got mostly guys who believe that if you're going to talk sports
or whatever the subject is, you have to kiss ass.
Number one, ass kissing is boring and just having the coach on every week to repeat the same old crap and the same old tired excuses
without anybody challenging it is so boring it could put you into a coma.
Now I'm going to give you a little idea about the difference.
One of the differences between, you know, as far as coaching style, I know what goes on behind closed doors.
I only see the finished product out there in the ice.
But when Doug McClain was the coach of this team and he had a lot of things about him,
I had plenty of criticisms about certain favoritism among players which all coaches have.
And Doug could be a hard ass, a hard head along with the rest of them.
But one thing that he had was a real good sense of humor.
And if you're a regular long time list, you remember the many times when he would call us
or we'd get him on the phone and he and I would disagree about Stu Barnes, about this, whatever.
And yell and scream at each other back and forth.
And at the end of it all, he would laugh and we got along fine off the year.
Not that I had a great relationship with him. I mean, not that I was like a personal friend.
But he and I have a great respect for each other and I like the guy and he likes me.
And if Brian Marie and I realize he was going through tough times now,
but if he's going to be the coach and general manager of this team which he is right now
and which he and Bill Tory decided for the time being, then he's going to have to take the criticism
when his decisions don't turn out well and when the fans get sour.
And one thing I'm going to tell you right now is that Neil Rogers isn't going to be the scapegoat.
I took that a year, a little over a year ago, with the Stu Barnes and Chris Wells deal.
Oh, I was that Neil Rogers that turned all the fans sour and he's saying all these terrible things.
You see, it's really interesting, the whole relationship I have with the Panthers,
which is almost done in this in any way.
When we first got hockey in this town five years ago, I said,
oh, thank you Wayne, you're a God till we find out what we really all are like all about.
And you know, we got a hockey team and I whipped everybody up into a frenzy on the plan.
But even before we had a team, I was the one guy in this town to talk about it because I've been a hockey fan.
This year makes 40 years.
40 years, a Toronto Maple Leaf fan, a lot of grief and a hockey fan.
And I love it. It's not football, it's not baseball, it's not basketball.
It transcends any of those. It's like it's beyond that.
It's more than a sport for those who really love it and know it and get in their blood, which I do.
And so for those first couple of years on the guy in the year,
giving away tickets, begging and screaming and pleading, come on, get out there, support the team.
It's great, et cetera, and so on.
And then voila comes along the third year.
We'll mind up going with the Stanley Cup finals.
And for two solid months, and George contested the fight of this because he was peaking all over himself.
For two solid months, we love you, Panthers.
I gave up, I basically sacrificed the entire program every day, every single day,
to play the highlights, to play those songs, because it was just, I was wrapped up in it.
It was probably the greatest thing that ever happened in this town since I've been here.
How many thousands of people that Neo Rogers put in those seats?
How much enthusiasm did he whip up in this town about hockey,
which most of these people didn't know about before?
How many people have come up to me in the last five years in the arena said,
because of you that I'm here? And yet, if I'm not an askissor, then I'm a bad guy.
And that's what happened, but I questioned the Stubborn Jason Mouli trade for Chris Wells,
who was a project, okay?
Then all of a sudden I was a bad guy, and I was playing the Mike Lang call every time Stubborn would score a goal for the penguins,
which you noticed I don't do that anymore.
We'd have a lot of tape, but I didn't do that anymore because it's ancient history.
But I did that because it paying a lot of us who were big Stubborn fans,
and knew what a contribution he made to the team.
Brian Murray didn't like Stubborns, okay?
Doug McLean didn't trade Stubborns. In fact, Doug McLean didn't trade anybody else.
He made out of likes, certain other players. He didn't make any trades,
because the general manager makes the trades.
And you remember, November of last year of a year ago, November,
at the time that that deal was made, this team was on the best start,
and there history even better than the previous year.
Even better than the previous year when they went to the stand-up finals.
They walked through a rousing start.
But because we were doing so well, it's kind of an old radio thing that they took.
Hey, hey, we're doing really pretty good. Let's mess with success.
Let's screw it up. And I'm at the game last night, and I'm going to tell you,
here's a team that's been on the road for three weeks.
Lots of empty seats, more empty seats, more no-shows last night,
than any game I can remember in a long time, at least two years.
Lots of empty seats. And because I'm telling the way I see it,
because I'm critical, oh, I'm the bad guy.
So it must be because Nio Rogers is a bad guy.
He's turning the fans out. You know what's interesting when they went into a panic,
and they fired the coach because people were leaving early.
I wasn't even on the air then.
I was in Europe when I heard that Doug McLean got fired.
I wasn't even here then. But somehow they'll rationalize that that son of a bitch bag on the QAM now.
He's the one responsible for the people booing, built Tori last night at that presentation for a Kirk Mueller.
And you want to know why? And I was shocked. I was amazed.
I mean, that was the most emotion we had from the crowd the whole night last night.
It was a coma, coma crowd, and with good reason.
But they booed him ferociously. And you want to know why? Because they're pissed off.
Because they think Doug McLean got a raw deal. They know he was a good guy.
Yeah, he had his flaws. He wasn't perfect like anybody else.
And because they're real dissatisfied with the garbage they've been seeing for the last few weeks for the last couple of months.
And like I said yesterday, when you pay good money to go and see a sporting event,
whatever it is, whether it's a basketball game, a hockey game, Tidley Winks volleyball,
you pay that money and hope that you might see. I mean, you're not going to win all the time.
You're not going to play great all the time. You're going to have some clockers.
But you hope to go out and be entertained.
You hope that it's worth sitting on your ass for two or three hours and maybe getting some enjoyment out of it.
And these people obviously were not. And then we come to the introduction of the team comes out on the ice.
And here's our, I'd say, about 12,000 people sitting in their seats.
And it's like a sitting like that. And then we go through the announcement of the starting lineup for the Panthers.
And even when they got to John Van Veezbrook, by the way, we were great last night.
Veez are thank God for you, sweetheart. Even when they got to him, which usually at least when they announced number 34,
John, but when they get to his name, the crowd, you know, H-shot. Not last night, I was like that.
So maybe you're fooling guys who don't know their ass from their elbow.
Guys who wouldn't know a real hockey game unless Eddie Jackamon came back and was playing again from 25 years ago.
But you're not fooling the fans because now it's not like two, three years ago.
See in the beginning, they could say whatever they wanted because most of the people down here didn't understand the game.
They knew nothing about it. So they could tell you Eddie Jovenoski was going to be an all star.
They could feed you all kinds of crap.
But now the fans have become more knowledgeable. They're not saying, hey, Neil, what's I think they're not doing any of that anymore?
They actually have some understanding of what it's all about.
So long before Neil Rogers ever came back on the air here, they were getting the message that they're being sold
to Bill of Goods and a lot of mistakes are being made. A lot of errors in judgment in acquiring stiffs and in playing people who don't belong out there.
And in sitting people who are quite frankly are playing well.
There are so, you know, it's amazing to me. There are so many people with their heads deep inside their rectums.
The rectum of the management of that hockey team. It's a me. There is room left over for a hair.
God forbid that any of those people have to all forget it. Man, that'll be it. That'll be an explosion.
Even even Monica never saw an explosion.
Squared, squared like that. And that's the way they want it.
That's the way the present regime, I guess, would like it. They don't have a sense of humor.
They don't take well the criticism. I mean, well, what's the purpose of having a coach or a player, anybody on the air for the public to talk to?
I'm not saying you have to attack them, assassinate them, lynch them.
But don't the people who pay the money to put the tickets to support this thing. Don't they have a right to an opinion?
And let me also say this right off the bat so you get an idea of where I'm going with this.
If anybody thinks that my being their friend permits them to tell me what I'm going to say on the air.
That's not a friend. That's not a friendship when you think that you can tell me what I can and cannot say on the air.
And if I say something that doesn't even have to do with you on the air, that has to do with somebody else.
And then you tell them and then you give me the cold shoulder and act like I've just stabbed you in the back. Then that's not a friend.
Oh, no. There's a guy who comes to the hockey games to every one of the home games and has been for a long time. But I never paid much attention to him.
Thanks, by the way, Andy, for telling me about this. Andy's a guy that sits in our section. Good guy.
And this guy comes walking up this stairs. I've seen him before and my friend John points him out to me last night and says, take a look at the outfit on this guy.
And he wears like one of those, you know, name tags like officials and hangers on the team like he belongs there like some kind of a press pass.
And I look at this guy and he is wearing and I was discussing this with George this morning to try to figure out what you call this outfit.
It was not a Hussage Shaco like the great Mohammed Khan in the movie network. But it was similar without the Shmata on the head.
I say it the Daishi ki. Daishi ki. Daishi ki. A African outfit. They look like Idiya Meen and drag.
And as the game is going on, all of a sudden Andy turns around and he said, boy, did you see day outfit David Neil came up and said, what?
David Neil, the hockey writer for the Miami hero. I said, that was David J. Neil. That was David J. Neil, who was in that outfit.
And I said, what is the purpose of that? I mean, is he here as a reporter for the hero or is the year representing Zimbabwe or something? What is that?
And quite a conversation ensued, which I won't repeat on the air for obvious reasons. But I must tell you this David J. Neil would seem to me that, you know, if an Orthodox Jew came to the game, dressed in full.
It's one thing that a little beanie on the head, which does get crazy over that when they make the little kids worth. But that's a bad but fairly unobtrusive.
But if they came there with their tollus and their tefilin and their payas and all of that, it would seem to me a little bit bizarre.
If I came to the Marnight's game with two, with a pink chiffon dress on because I'm a fact, that would seem, I think people would look and say, what be that? Are you out of your mind?
So I just thought I would mention that because I found that very, very, very extraordinarily bizarre. I think it would be a very kind word to put it.
What is the message there, David J. Neil, the... Of course he works for the hero. So I think that answers the question.
Here's a facts by the way that I just got. It says, I wanted to let you know something that happened on last night's sports channel Telecast that goes along with what you're talking about.
With a few minutes left in the game, your good buddy, Rimmer, said something to the effect of Ryan Murray received some unfair criticism this morning on a local talk show, which I assumed he meant Murray showed that morning.
He also repeated the comment to Brian Murray after the game on the air.
Thank you, sir, for factoring me that spy report.
Unfair criticism? I didn't hear any unfair criticism yesterday in the 40 minutes that I heard of that hour.
I heard some clown saying that Neil Rogers ought to be the general manager, which was a give-a-way as to where he was coming from, where the call came from.
But that's okay because I had encouraged people to call in. I didn't say be rude, be obnoxious, give him unfair criticism.
I said, hold his feet to the fire and then instead of listening to the same old bullcrap, try to get some reasonable answers, which of course they did not.
Because they got the same story over and over and over and over again about Robbie's going to be this and that he's going to be about a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but
a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a
beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat
a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a
beat, but concitel, and concitel, and concitel, and concitel, andogat, concitel, andogat, concitel, andogat, concitel, andogat, mkayfulbheavy, acc teeny barkaken o' fum yearle overl Bye!
This is Sports Radio 560.
WQAM, my Ammy Fort Lauderdale.
Neil?
God?
No, I'm not just Paulin.
It's tasteful.
The dolphins are cursing and man,
It's distraightful because Brian Cox
and the rest of them are saying
They got my ****, they got my ****,
****, I knew mother ****,
Birds of love, they tossing,
The microphone, the jump button
Just can't seem to be left alone
And all of this is because they like saying
I got my ****, they got my ****,
****, I knew mother ****,
Oh, but they play football badly
I'm so bad.
How did the patriots pick their ass?
So what ****?
Well, will they make it to the Super Bowl?
But with an attitude as bad as theirs
What if tossing our hopes down the stairs?
Oh man, I'm not just Paulin.
It's tasteful.
The dolphins are cursing and man,
It's distraightful because Brian Cox
and the rest of them are saying
They got my ****, they got my ****,
Yes, they're saying
They got my ****, they got my ****,
Oh, they're saying
They got my ****, they got my ****,
They got my ****, they got my ****,
They got my ****, they got my ****,
Oh, here's the great facts and other
funny facts we get from this mic guy
every day who's a supposedly a very devout Catholic
who's very offended.
Well listen to every day.
This goes back to what I said at the beginning of the show today.
Thank you, Mike.
Or nearly I throw your facts in the old shot can.
But today I'll make an exception because I did ask
about people who are offended.
And in your case, it's a ledge very strongly.
You know, as an office says, it gets old.
No, it does not get old.
Well, it does get old along with the rest of your body.
I can name hundreds upon hundreds of heterosexual
preceases, but he doesn't name one.
He doesn't name one in the facts.
Come on, Mike.
Let's get another facts.
Let's get one name when you have God in your life.
Sex is not important.
Oh my God.
Good old celibate Mike, I guess.
I anyway, he says being gay has not looked down upon in the church.
Unless you act on it just as if a straight male has sex outside of
marriage.
It's a sin.
In other words, we don't hate the sinner.
We just hate the sin.
Right.
That's what he did.
Anita said he wasn't even Catholic.
One question.
Say you are right about everything you ever said about God.
And I am wrong.
But what harm did it do?
None.
What if you were wrong and I am right?
Do you want to face God with all those sins?
Think about it.
A hundred million people can't be wrong.
Right.
You tell him.
That, boy, Mike.
Here's another one of these great leaders.
He's not a follower.
He's a leader.
He's an original original figure.
What's the harm?
Okay, just to go along with the crowd.
Could just in case.
Let me cover my rectum.
Oh, man.
Just burping and belching all over the place.
We want to find out if your husband or wife, girlfriend, boyfriend,
whatever it is, is having oral sex with somebody else on the side or on
their back or like standing up or what it is.
Do you consider that adultery?
And we also would like to hear from some people from Arkansas because they
evidently have a different standard than most people would.
Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, sir?
I will.
Real quick.
All sex is adultery.
Why is that?
What's that?
Why is that?
Well, I mean, is that is only right?
I mean, ask your partner if it's okay for you to have oral sex with somebody else.
Ask my partner.
I mean, you know, if you're a woman, ask your husband, if you're a wife, you know,
if you're a woman, ask, you know, if you're a husband, ask your wife.
Yeah.
Well, how come Bubba doesn't think it is?
Is that an Arkansas thing?
I don't know.
I don't know.
But that's just, you know, I mean, you know, to me, it is.
I mean, I wouldn't want, you know, my girlfriend doing it and have sure she wouldn't want me doing it.
Would you?
Do you think?
I guess it depends on whether you were doing it with a woman or a guy, I guess.
No, no.
You were doing it with a guy.
I think she might be taking a back.
Yeah, well, with a different person, you know.
Yeah.
It's still the same thing.
You know, it's like kissing somebody else, you know, it's the same thing.
Well, kissing somebody else with or without tongue.
Come on, little peck on the cheek.
Yeah, well, I mean, we all know that we all know the common line there, you know, but in any case, I was just wondering, you know,
one of the things that bothers me is that, you know, you remember Clarence Thomas and the Packwood, how the feminist, you know, rallyed against them.
And I don't see the same thing going on here.
And it really doesn't matter, you know, what you're Republican or Democrat, you know, it's a feminist where they're to support women in whatever time of need.
And it's just fun.
Well, what does that mean?
In other words, the women should be supporting this little slot, this horror.
Is that what you're saying?
Well, they supported Anita Hill and it was found, you know, what's the comparison between Anita Hill?
It was a bright educated woman and who had a very legitimate story, by the way.
What? She was a victim.
Exactly. She was a victim there.
What was Monica Lewinsky, the victim of here?
She was hanging around. She was a groupie. She came dressed scantily, clad.
They had a center home to change her clothing several times. Of course, it was stained most of the time, I guess.
But what was the comparison between Anita Hill and Monica Lewinsky?
Well, you know, when it comes time to...
Plus Anita Hill was not Jewish, by the way.
When it comes time to support someone, I mean, what kind of things do you take into consideration?
The fact that they're either a group of...
What is she the victim of? How has she been victimized?
Well, she says that that Clinton went into the room or whatever and pulled out his pants and she was totally offended.
I'm not saying what...
No, no, that's Paula Jones. That's not...
You don't even get out of here, sir. He's got so many...
Oh, man. That's Paula Jones.
Oh, my God. I'm offended just by thinking about anybody showing it to Paula Jones.
Maybe he said, hey, honey, you know what, your nose looks like? She said, what? He said, here.
Could anybody blame him for that? At least there's some honesty in that.
Hey, honey, your nose looks just like this. Does this look familiar to you?
Yeah, that's what's on my foot.
Oh, my God. This guy doesn't know Paula Jones from...
And she's also not Jewish, by the way, Paula.
Monica Lewinsky. So, in other words, the women should be coming to her aid
because she's concocted this story, which still we don't know if it's true or not,
and all of a sudden she's a victim and years later, years later, she comes up with a story.
That's the best part. I like all these people who are like always bitterly offended and abused and etc.
And they just keep real quiet about it because they've suffered all this trauma.
And now years later, they come forward with these stories.
Now, I can understand if somebody has been actually sexually abused like all those altabois
and they've suffered a real trauma and it's really screwed up their head.
They've gone through years like a confusion and delusion and they're terrified to come forward
because people are going to think there's some kind of like a Sheldon Kennedy story,
for example. And by the way, I think he is...
Well, that's beside the point. There's a good example.
And I don't see any of the feminists coming forward to support poor Sheldon Kennedy
or Theo Flurry ready those guys, right? Dino?
Right. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Hi. You just come from Arkansas one time, but I used to come from Arkansas
with a banjo on your knee. But now you come from North Miami.
Watching TV last night, they were going through some of Monica Lewinsky's classmates.
Yes, sir? And after what? Relief?
Probably after some of them too, yes. She's a Buddhist.
Oh, she's not Jewish. Oh, thank God.
Oh!
Maybe she likes to rub Buddhist ball one. She's a little bit more Jewish.
Oh, so I'm sure she was born Jewish. But in any case, so what does that mean that she's a Buddhist?
In other words, the Buddhist have got a good head on her.
And Buddhist got a good head on his shoulder.
Well, I guess the Buddhist don't have any problem with sex like that.
Yeah, they do. Sexual misconduct is one of the five presets of Sheila.
Oh, what?
Because that's what the president said. Oh, she had it. It was pretty good.
Well, thanks for the good news here. And now all of the kids can take a deep sigh of,
there you go, Ma. She's not Jewish. She's a Buddhist and wasn't so bad. It was only a oral sex.
Oh, sorry. Did I say something wrong? Coral Geobles. Hello.
How you doing? Okay, sir?
I realize you know, a lot of girls I know they like it in the ear.
In the ear, huh?
Yeah, because every time I put it around, they turn their heads.
You think you think you think?
Not bad.
You think, you think, you think Monica's going to take it off for two million, what?
I don't know how much this one's going to cost. Now, if they would have just taken care of Paula for one million originally,
we wouldn't have had to get to this point.
Yeah, she got a bad nose.
Very bad. Yeah, don't you think that, of course, we don't know what the president's penis looks like.
No, do I have any interest whatsoever? And I would hope that most people don't.
But don't you think that her nose could bear a strong resemblance?
Oh, yeah, absolutely. I think they're related, maybe.
In fact, I think Paula could use a good hose on those jobs.
I'd like to see Mark and Naked though. She looks pretty hot.
I'd like to see that big mouth.
Do you think she looks pretty hot?
Yeah, man. She looks she got nice.
She's got a full face.
Of course. She's got a real world of it.
I love it.
Yeah, like a fat pig.
Okay. Later.
Thanks for the good news.
And it continues only the media people are taking this all very seriously or even a little bit seriously.
And of course, the right wingers who are just salivating and foaming at them out.
I think that's foam on their lips.
They're the ones that are just going eight shot over it because they sense this great opportunity and guess what?
As usual, you can already sense it.
That he just continues wiggling right away.
Slipery, Willie Man, he just, he can do it.
You got to hand it to him, man, from a distance, but just hand it to him because he can slip out of even the most intricate and the most involved deepest of problems.
Only he can do that.
But we seriously are trying to find out from the women out there and you just won't give it up as they say on the arsini.
I was showing a crossies off the ear now.
If your husband or boyfriend, if you found out that he was getting oral sex from another person,
would it be worse if it were a man or another woman?
Because you know what's going on.
You do know what's going on.
There's a part of your mind that knows that.
You know a lot of admitted, but you know beyond a shadow of it out.
No matter how gross, then in fact, probably the grosser and the ugly are the better a chance that's what's going on.
Just ask Al Goldstein.
Here's a lady in Pemberer Pines. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
It's great to help.
Yes, it is.
You know, I listen to you show because it's crude.
Good.
And I love it.
A crude are the better.
Right. So now, as far as the question.
You don't know how people are crude.
Yeah, I suppose so.
Anyway, your question about oral sex.
Right.
Well, I'd feel very betrayed if my husband was having oral sex with someone else.
Right.
Well, it'd be worse if you found out it was from a man or a woman.
Well, I'd be definitely more shocked if it was from a man.
Yeah.
I think it probably would be worse for sure.
Yeah.
Just because, well, we've been married 23 years and I would be completely shocked if I found out it was...
Now, I'm really confused about bisexual.
I think that word is wrong.
I think...
That means if you want it, you got a bond.
I think no.
I think that if a man is having sex with another man and he also likes women, I think he's a homosexual or that likes women.
Well, I hate this one.
Listen to the voice of experience.
Okay.
I can tell you for a fact that men, many, not all, obviously, unfortunately, but men who are straight, many of them, enjoy oral sex from a homosexual, from another man, a bisexual, whatever it might be.
I don't think they ask a lot of questions.
At least I've never been asked any questions, but at any rate.
And it doesn't make them gay.
Really?
It doesn't make them bi.
It doesn't make them gay.
It makes them horny is all it makes, I think.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That's confusing for me.
I think because for me, if I went, had oral sex with a woman, I would couldn't do it to begin with.
But if I did, I would, I consider myself gay.
Yeah.
But I think oral sex with a woman as opposed to oral sex with a man.
I think they're talking apples and oranges or some other fruits, if you know what I'm saying.
There's a great deal of difference.
Okay.
If you follow my drift.
All right. Well, anyway, that's the way I feel.
You know, you can get AIDS from oral sex.
That is correct.
So that's one of the big things with me.
I don't want my husband messing around because I don't want to get AIDS.
Excellent. Excuse.
And besides how many men wear condom when they're having oral sex?
None. Right.
Absolutely none.
Maybe one in two billion.
And you can get oral AIDS from oral sex with a man or a woman.
That's right.
Well, that's the way I feel.
So without just, don't pull it out.
Have a great taste with art.
You too.
So in other words, she don't want her husband screwing around.
She's been married for 23 years and boy, she's in for a bad temper.
Well, now that's wrong.
He's very, very loyal and very dedicated.
And so he does get a little horny, goes on those long trips.
Running robotty repulses you more.
Two of my cousins and I was Mormon.
Our genes, they are deformed.
And my face looks like it was just hit by a truck.
My daddy, Bubba Finn.
He married next to Kim.
Then out we came without much brains green teeth and all.
We're talking in red.
I love to drink that much.
We're talking in red.
I'm marrying my own hind.
Living in a shack right down the road.
My brain cells they're squirming like a toe.
We're talking in red.
The song is really sick.
And my clothes have lots of creases.
I sleep with all my nieces.
I have just the room temperature IQs.
Don't say I've got no class or I'll kick you in the ass.
Don't insult my sister or my mother or call my dad who is my daughter.
Our names are Bubba and Freddie.
Look, cousin Betty is in a teddy.
Come down all over and we'll tie you to a tree.
Deliverance was modeled after me.
We're talking in red.
The song is really sick.
So sick, so sick, so sick.
We're talking in red.
The song is really sick.
So sick, so sick, so sick.
We're talking in red.
The song is really sick.
We're talking in red.
George is in for a real big surprise.
Somebody like you, somebody is horny and a man of the world has even been in North Carolina.
What are we talking about here?
In Italy, and this is not something I'm making up because I'm some fag with swish bull thinking.
In Italy, especially in southern Italy, the attitude about sexuality is on a part of men
that as long as you're not on the receiving act of anal sex, you are as straight as an arrow.
You are heterosexual.
You are not a fag.
It doesn't make any difference.
What the act is, as long as you're not on the receiving act, that's not only in Italy, that's in many parts of Europe.
It doesn't make you gay.
George, okay.
And yes, they would do it again.
And again.
There's no fact in the church.
There you go.
A little less than a four-year-old goes to show you don't have to be so uptight because in the majority of the rest of the world,
except the course for those chinks who are only uptight because they're very much oppressed and if anybody catches them off of your head.
And the one on your neck too.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I know what you're doing.
I will admit that I'm a college student over at Appalus.
Yes.
And then I tell you when they have been dorm parties, I can't admit I am a straight guy.
I'm hot, Puerto Rican, and I have to make a mother's son on Puerto Rico.
Yeah, which has.
And I'm hot.
Yeah.
And are you on the verge of being our first courageous caller today who's going to tell us that there's a strict...
I am!
I have choked up about it.
I'm gagging on my meat over here.
You know, I don't have a high look here.
I'm not past.
I'm also a male dancer.
That's where I'm at right now.
I'm a college student.
So I am a nice looking goat guy, but I have to admit, in some of the other guys I know out there is street.
And one of the guys who did me was from a Catholic church.
Now I am going to choke today.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Yeah.
How was it?
You know, I have to admit.
How was it, sir?
Was it okay?
It was better than my girlfriend.
Oh my God.
Yes!
Yeah.
You know, my girlfriend was there at the club and a guy came with his wife and it was my sexual...
Came with his wife, I'm a little bit more.
So, you know, I'm a little bit more.
And it was the first time and I have to admit, if it happened again, I don't think I would say no, because he said that a woman know what you like, but a guy always knows what a man really wants.
The guy knows what that thing is all about.
That's right.
So I have to have some big con on it and...
Well, congratulations, sir, if we had a million dollars in cash to give away, you'd be the one to get it.
And I have to admit, in closing, I am 24 and I'm a circumsized guy.
All right.
Thank you, Bill.
Congratulations, sir.
That's my hero right there.
There's a real good, viral straight...
That damn fat guy.
I can't stand it.
No, that's a real upstanding.
See, there you go, George.
What do I tell you?
And of course, it happened.
The guy that was a...
What did he say was a Catholic priest who did him in the missionary position?
Something like that.
That'll put that mic, whatever his name, that stinko mic, whatever that guy's name is that keeps sending the faxes right up against the wall no doubt.
He'll be running off to the church before 1230.
He'll be over there, confessing his sins.
Isn't that what they do? They confess on their sins?
Here's Haya Leah.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm the one who's the president of Catholic United for Life.
The one who told you there's no gaze in the priest.
There's no fag in the church.
Right.
Okay.
Are you talking about the other three?
Are you going to be able to keep a straight post today or not?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Are you going to keep it straight?
Yes, ma'am.
How about your post?
You're just the one that was talking about the priest.
The one you were saying that of booty.
He didn't do him.
He was...
What do you mean they didn't do him?
What does that mean?
You didn't do him?
They didn't do him.
They didn't do him, you said.
Well, they didn't do him, but they didn't do him.
How did they know if they did him?
They didn't do him.
They didn't do him.
Did you read newspapers?
Yes.
It's at a settlement with Reitz.
What do you think that was?
There was no settlement.
What?
No, they just made that up now.
There was none.
You better write some better material for your next call.
Okay. You're really suck.
This is weak.
Yeah, you're weak.
No, it's not bad.
You're scared of me because the Catholic
are the strongest organizations.
The strongest organization?
I thought it was a religion.
It is.
Uh-huh.
And we are the religion and we have an organization.
Let me ask you something.
Did your boyfriend leave you?
Is that why you're making all you call?
My friend, not a girlfriend.
Okay.
You have a what?
I have a girlfriend, not a boyfriend.
They're like you.
We like to slong.
I like to what?
A flung.
Oh, the flung.
No, I don't prefer flungs.
Okay, especially on French Canadians, they're grotesque.
And he hung up today.
There's no fact in the church.
Okay, nice to try, pal.
You're going to be a great agent.
You're going to be a great agent.
Now, write yourself some better material next time.
Okay, pal?
He's got a girlfriend named Eddie.
Oh, not that Eddie.
Sorry.
Open.
See, I'm just a relentless bastard.
You're right.
Just keep banging away.
We're banging in a way.
Okay, nice to meet you.
We're talking today.
We're finding all these straight guys calling in.
We've had what?
2000, I'm calling in.
Who said that they've had oral sex from men.
And that they enjoyed it and would like to do it again.
Here's a mobile informer, Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me tell you something, man.
I mean, I'm sorry I do a Cuban's all day long so instead of problem I say rolling you know like that
Yes, um when I was growing up in Fort Lauderdale like when I was like 16 15 16 I looked older than I was
Yeah, so of course I go to the adult bookstores for the you know the porn movies and all that stuff when you were 15 or 16
Yeah, yeah, I'm like I'm like 62. I'm not you know, it's always big. Yeah. Yeah, sure they never gave me all the time
So I'd go there and I would go there right and I would be like I'd be watching the movies and like I went to this one one time and I didn't realize there were like you know those glory holes
You know what I do. Yes, okay, well I didn't realize because it's dark in here of course of course and
You know I feel something like touching me. I'm like what the hell and I sure do the glory hole
So like the thing is to say I would like I stayed away from that particular section of the
booth of the establishment. Yeah, and then the other time I was in and in the words it was a one-eyed hella monster that would be I probably
What it was I didn't really see what I it was soft and you know had you know
So thank God it was still soft right well
You know what I mean and so it was really embarrassing for me
But yeah, I wanted to tell you but the other heading to happen to me was I was in a doll book star
And I was looking out picking out the movies on one it you know like to look at in the booth
So yeah, I started heading to the booth and then this black guy you know like like this your gay guys
You know like you know the gay guys they they like scam in there they wait for somebody to come in and say can do something
Yeah, yeah, so I
I'm getting ready to go to booth and this black guy comes to me he looked like
Like one of those old time black guys you know the movies is real black and his eyes are real balls. Yeah, like Spencer
Yeah, right and it goes to me goes
I'm gonna go to book he goes. Hey man
Can I come in here with you and I go no man. I'm not into that. He goes. Oh, man. Yeah, oh man
And he goes I'll give you a give you a you know a job and I go no man thanks. I'm not into that
He goes I'll do it good and I thought it's saying you know
Why else are you gonna do it good?
But come on in but yeah, I never had the feeling so like I don't know if you believe me or not
But that's yes, I do believe basically what's why would anybody make up a story like this?
No, I did not make it up see my old man had a salon on a lot of both boulevards hair cutting salon
So I go for on gay guys. I mean I never I never felt like I never felt repulsive to me
I just was just a faction of life that I just didn't have any
Didn't want to describe to yeah, but no any one thing it's a genetic thing
But you know those black guys they didn't develop those big lips just by accident over the ice like he was before this
Looking away from being gay. I mean look like a migrant worker
Well, that's very unusual because most black fags tend to be like little richer
They're very very flamboyant
Real screamers. I hate to generalize but I would say
99 and 9 tents of black gay males are like just real screamers
Right, I was in key West over the weekend with my wife and they're just like yeah, they got to wear ankle weights
So it's paying the ground what they look good though. You got to be your credit
You know most gay like black guys they look good because Louis Oliver was once told me about that
But I don't want worry fostered over here. It's all okay. Have a great day
Thank you, man. I'm congratulations for having you for sending your very best
So there's a story that like borders right on the edge of it
Maybe they had mice or something in that joint. Okay. He felt something squeezing through that little hole
That's that's a good lesson. Of course in this town
There aren't too many affected America generally. They've taken the doors off the
Booths the video booths and many of the adult establishments because God forbid even if people are in their alone
We sure don't want them to be doing nothing in there
Do we I mean what the hell could they possibly be doing in there? Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hey, now I don't you know you were looking for people to call the defendant church
Now I'm gonna try to do that. I don't know if I'm
Defend the church. Defend the church about what well you know I say that well
We're just a people who are offended about some of the things you say about the church something like that and
You know like you just made a comment about somebody about the money somebody give him money to the church and
You know you've got to run right away things like that. I'm a thing
One thing is is that like first of all it's like you blame that you blame
What the people do I guess I don't know the word on for with man's corruption you kind of you hold it against what I guess
What the Bible stands for stuff like that?
Sir don't even don't even bring me the Bible okay. I will not debate the Bible with you
It's a silly book written by primitive idiotic superstitious people. I'm over. You're talking about today
1998 we're talking about religious institutions big business. Let's stick to that
I'll talk with you about that, but I'm not gonna debate all these silly books
I mean
My dignity to get into that crap. Okay. I agree with you, but there's still men's corruption
What does that mean? What does that mean men's corruption?
Let me tell you what was God that it was telling people to kill
What is it is radio? Is your radio on in a back?
Now that's just the echo in this phone line George. Yeah, that's going
It's a horse phone line. Let me explain if you got a priest and I agree there's a lot I don't want a priest
I'm a Catholic. Okay, and there's a lot of screwed up priest up there
I agree with that. I didn't see them myself. I think I should be an author boy for like three months and I got it
I did you get out of it because there was one guy who was a son of a bitch who was drunk all the time
I couldn't stand him one of the priests and I get and I just said forget I can't do this anymore
But you know, I'm never seen firsthand that these guys are dead and molest children
I agree that that's it but you're gonna take and blame because of that you're gonna see that the rest of them are gay
You know the human beings
What does that mean?
That means it just because there's a few bad apples. Those are all bunches of them. What is being a bad apple have to do with being gay?
I repreased that I've ever met in my life is a gay and I am well
What are you talking about bad apples? I'm not condemning them for that. I'm condemning them for their hypocrisy
That's what I'm talking about and also the fact that that heterosexual married couples or couples that are going to get married or
Single people go to them for sexual counseling and these people are busy on the other side of the
The confessional there thumping away getting there their rocks off. That's what I'm talking about and you know it as well as I do
Yeah, but you have all of them Neil come on seriously. Maybe just most of them. Okay. Well, I don't know how you can say it
She won't very easily. I just would you like me to say it again, sir? Most of them maybe all of them
Yeah, but you say it but you can just say but you have no proof to that you say that every every person you met the fact
That's right. How do you know that because there is the takes one and all answer? I would bet every dime I got in the world
Well, you know not to mention yeah, I said that the Catholic religion is fairly a corrupt
You know, what are we talking about?
What is the point? What is your point?
Catholic
You get a new phone. Maybe your priest will buy a new phone because that one really blows get out of here
I kept him on way too long because the quality of the phone was really horrendous
But then if I would have cut him off they say he has got something to disagree on there's gonna make a good boy
He's cutting him off cut this cut the crap. I mean we go through that whole and every time you try to have one of those
Conversations and I never said anything about having people defend the church. That's not what I was talking about
I got this mic stinko guy that keeps sending me 400 faxes here that evidently
Can't get over the fact he was molested by a priest some time or whatever his problem might be I have no idea
But is obviously I just obsessed with this Catholicism if you don't like what I'm saying Mike
So quit wasting the path paper, okay? My God go find yourself a lot go take communion rub your rosary beads
Go stick away for it in your purse go stick a couple of nickel wafers in there get your blood sugar up
God man's corruption man. Oh Jesus talk about a man who's got no gray matter left between his ears
Just remember one thing sir. There's no fact in the church. There's a great chooster in pop
Oh
Baby come play with my song
It may be hangin sound that you can take a big it long
Baby come play with my song
You don't have the swallow I have a watch cloth
Amid the please when you're going down on me
I
Where is a
I
was your dad and now they made it
and they did not fall
by the way cnn to show you how a brilliant american people are how they're
not easily swayed before the president state of the union dress last night
the poll was as the president said a good moral example only thirty five percent
said yes after the speech forty nine percent said yes he said to good oral
all more i was at moral example or example
one of the other now ninety eight percent of the men all said yes
the men
women were little pithed off
andy bliler a married thirty two year old theater technicians the van
koeber washington school of arts and academics how the news conference
to deny to announce that he had a five year affair with the one ski that
little bitch
and that she had bragged of a sexual relationship with the high ranking
what house official
while there's lawyer terry jiles who did most of the talking said he and the
blilers were not to believe much of what the one ski told them because they
considered her untruthful
cathy and and he would both describe monica's having a pattern of twisting facts
especially the one answer version of her own self image jiles said
jiles said a winski told bliler she was having all sex with the high ranking
what house official and was frustrated and agitated that was all he wanted
yet that she referred to the official as the creep
the one ski before the president of the creep on secretly recorded tapes made
by former white house colleague
lim the trip
the creep
so we started to see a pattern of what this was all about another word she's
a typical fat chick making up stories about how erotic her love life is in
everything but even if it was true she was jilton they finally a
tossed a rass out because he was coming to work naked every day to go over
the pentagon they liked that over there they'd like to send a missile a
heat-seeking missile in the immediately and that was the end of that so she
felt she wouldn't be trading upset if this was all true and so not because
you refer to him as the creep is there any doubt that she was out to make a
timmis in a song and then and especially a timmis because she's due us and
or sex to my
all sorry about that
sorry about that ma
all right not a world sex
and so anyway the thing about Kelly Mitchell at channel seven i have a fact
which i don't know if this is true but it says they kicked her out of the
anchorspot because she warned people to take their children out of the
studio before she discussed clinton sexual allegations on the newscast and
they had only had a little countertops there in the studio and she opened up a
big push and that was the end of Kelly Mitchell at channel seven how do you
like that
hey those kids want to hear about it
coconut grove hello
hello yes sir
you know what's going on uh... did you hear i think i heard about nine sixty on the
news they said that uh... this uh... what's any monica bitch
at the offer there like uh...
couple of million to come out uh... in penthouse and give the story and everything
that's in the picture
really bad a real slut a real major slut
who want to see her that was anyway exactly what a place right
but i can be good or something
uh... okay thanks for the good news
talk about the look the low price spread here's a lady in the mind my any
hello
i guess i'm calling you about it because you're taking a whole time about
fact
i want to know if they don't give you back or you retire
what are you what are you saying that would language are you speaking
hello
hello what what what are you saying what language are you speaking English
i think all languages
yeah
what did you just say we would you like to hear interpreter out of the closet for
me and tell me what you just said
i say that you all the time thinking about that
wrote all well let me ask you something on the news now when they're talking
about monica louisky and the president what is that about is that about sex
was it about uh... world affairs
i'm thinking about you i don't think about nobody else
what is the what is the topic that is in the news
i think i think all set man you are you are giving all set that is the
question that you are giving all sex man
you don't get a uh... calling have a sex by
yeah okay go get a towel
she's probably had more
syndrome often uh... card is got built in monica louisky
but she's listen baby she can tell you what i've been talking about all day
long and she says you always talk about that she's listen every day
every single day
but it compels her the spirit of christ compelter like they said in the
excess member that father maran
the spirit of christ compels you the spirit and the up bunch of bull crap with
this already okay
like that like david civill and the witch doctor
once they start talking this religious cock on that's enough to make you lose
that we're having a good time here today we're having a hell of a good show and
then all of a sudden these uh... these maniacs
they started going to heat because they started hearing all the stuff about
priest and of course we all know that i mean that's no that's no big news that
is that this is old as the hills
and there's that certain element just like her she goes off the deep ends she
may have actually been enjoying herself and have a good time with the show today
until all of a sudden seventy said priest about a being that a little about
that she's going nuts out there
mobile in my any when i thought this
i don't know great i'd like to talk about your uh... religious views are
funny
happy that i'm talking to somebody has a few that i have it just
to see that whoever uh... can't cope with reality has to cope with the religion
that there you go people are weak people who are like little lamings they don't
have enough balls to deal with reality and with death and face the world
the way it is which is not that pleasant and so they have to have a crush that's
exactly right here
yet very very weak people which is most people if you think about it most people
that do turn to create a christian christian
to any use to any of it
uh... they're usually like uh... recovery alcohol it's a drug addict
all you know that's real about the truth or what have you know
people that just can't cope with reality i just
i'm glad that i finally have somebody that's on the radio and actually talking
about these do you know that i don't know exactly how there you go
uh... thanks a lot of my talking about you might have a great
don't sneeze
yet long overdue there need to be about ten thousand of us who uh... you know
just talk it's not a question of anti-religion it's just talking common sense
and talking reality
and just trying to strike back at the stranglehold of all these big
corrupt businesses have on the brains of the human race
and especially in his country you go to western europe and even though there
are plenty of churches many of them very very old
the attitudes of most people on religion except in northern Ireland where
they're killing all over each other because of it the attitudes of most
people is that
uh... who cares it's not a big deal and so much of bubble my season which it is
bubble my season like that old spick woman a call to me to go just keep repeating
that lady bubble my seat bubble my seat bubble my seat that's it's a
again
that's close enough for a start bubble my seat just say that over and over again
and stop given and slip and given your money in your energies to a lot of
fairy tales
so you can make a lot of uh... fags and dresses richer and richer
although i'll tell you one thing now that they can't get any insurance anymore
any liability insurance they may be not so which that's why they need more
your money
that's why the folks run around to make a lot more babies we need your money
because they keep getting all these lawsuits all these molestation suits
and they keep settling them out of court in behind closed doors and in behind
erect a marine paid off millions of dollars so we know they must all be invalid
in will
we just have a
haven
lovers
cia
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, was the President's plea.
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, was your performance on your knees.
Was he standing or did he sit?
Did you swallow or did you spit?
Did he issue a supper to wait on slide?
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, you go, say.
Contest to the other one's disguise.
Your conversation with him on the phone.
Robotic kept starting with the stiff,
but it required a recessed occasion.
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, was the dice you wish girl like?
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, wearing a dress with President's doon.
Did you feel silly and were you surprised?
Do you find that really was unsurpecting?
Did you feel silly and were you surprised?
Do you find that really was unsurpecting?
Did you feel silly and were you surprised?
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, was also speaking of Monica Lewinsky.
You notice much, much, much less to be said now because Kenneth Stars has gotten kind of lukewarm on this bitch.
Did you notice that?
There may not be any deal because there may not be nothing there.
Maybe it's all a lot of smoke.
That fucking bitch.
that's right maybe she's only blowing smoke but anyway if buried they should have been on the front page of the newspaper
they but buried on page ten a as they see in toronto is these a couple of very short paragraphs which should give you a
Pretty good idea where this whole thing lays in lies right now it says in discussions with prosecutors to determine what a
Lovinsky should be granted immunity from prosecution Ginsburg that's William Ginsburg her attorney has not offered him to have his
client make those statements that a lawyer involved in the case one of the lawyers said the tapes indicate that
Lovinsky not twenty four characterized the president's remarks more as a suggestion and not a directive by any means
in other words like maybe it would be a good idea not to let anybody know that you're sucking my
You know what I'm saying and not a directive like go lie about it etc.
So you notice how the story keeps changing faster than Monica's panties it's changing like crazy
Also judge says maybe violated don't ask don't tell the ruling came amid accusations that the Navy is pushing senior
Petty chief officer Timothy Armig-Vay with the punishing with the meaning jobs and exposing him to possible assault
In the first such ruling a federal judge said on through the that the Navy violated the military don't ask don't tell
politely let it dismiss the sailor for a homosexuality based on an anonymous online message and it goes on and on and of course
They're going to appeal it and waste a lot of your taxpayer money and the courts will finally say you're full of crap and pay them
fifty million dollars and don't pass go etc. I really hope you use this on the air
I've been listening to you I am now for maybe twenty years at least I've been living here for forty years
I've never heard anything is disgusting as a new largest program I've heard him before it's pornographic
The photo my granddaughter one of my kids listening to his bizarre I think I tell you frankly I am done listening to your
station this is a gross thing I have ever heard and as far as I'm concerned you're off my book
Goodbye as the days go on I think we must be accomplishing some tremendous things on this program because I'm
noticing that there are like that the guy we had on the female there are tremendous number of people who are
bitterly offended and deeply upset and what's the other word disgusted disgusted and offended I was just upstairs
several power people sales people and otherwise are getting a nunch messages on their voice
mail also just by association really just because we're in same building all right excellent
so we must be doing because I've said before if you're on the air and you're not pissing off a lot of
people and getting a lot of people really grossed out and revolted and upset you're not doing
anything you're boring you're just plain boring anybody can go on here I'd be boring anybody can
go on here and kiss ass but to go on here and get everybody worked up into a frenzy and I noticed
really last night at the hockey game at the Miami arena I noticed before the game and in between
periods when I was walking down the hallway to go take a leak and whatever else I noticed that you
can see it in the faces of people there are a lot of people like you're always have been who come
up to me you know that I'm the hockey god the hockey maven and they very appreciative of the fact that
I've been speaking out for them and not just shilling like somebody's other people and then there's
another great again of course there are a whole bunch of people haven't got any idea who I am which
is fine and then there's another group of people who look at me like oh it's the epic right it's
that disgusting fact which I take tremendous pleasure in it I love that I enjoy it tremendously
so keep those obnoxious female messages coming and remember they will be played on the air but I
get that guy credit you said I hope you do play this on the air he remembers QAM when it was
when it was boring I remember that too like about 400 years ago when WQM and WFUN were basically the
only in stations that anybody cared about except for WIOD which all the old parts used to listen to remember
that station WIOD I hate that station and that was basically it that was your now what about wins
I and T was on here in those days Jerry witchner was there getting his wig stool in time again
and freaking out about it they weren't playing out of you think that Jerry witchner's wig is
related to Bob Eisenberg's well I have to check that out only Bob doesn't change color like Jerry's
used to so yesterday we did the show we were talking about oral sex because the president and
Monica Lewinsky if nothing else they brought oral sex by me right into the forefront of American
society everybody is looking in the into that so to speak and what's why why is it disgusting and
offensive if we talk about it here on the air when all the people on CNN MSNBC CNBC CBS ABC a Fox
news they're all talking about it time magazine I think use the term blowjob or something like that
yeah I think they did well that's a legitimate forum and we're just a bunch of goofballs and we're
gonna say it and then titter yeah because we might actually enjoy it like the people of time magazine
don't enjoy a good blowjob right right see you can't deal with the truth we've got so many
emotional cripples out there it's terrifying to me it's very sad oh I don't like what he says
well I don't care whether you like what I say but what I say happens to be pretty much on target
and what I say also you won't hear anybody else saying because like I told you the other day most
of Mara Bonta asked kissers why is it that so many people get very they they just become unglued when
they hear things that challenge the preconceptions that they've been very satisfied to hold for years
and years and years and somebody says well guess what you're full of crap oh no it can't be well
guess what you are you've been left on the garden pat us holes see one other thing I want to make
very clear and that is that those people who complain to the power 96 people complain to Greg
Reed complain to Duff Lindsey complain to this one this show ankle and anywhere except straight
to the top that's where we're going in fact we're already there so you have choices you know you can
either continue listening and being pretend you're being aggravated even though you really like it
you can turn it off find something else to do like a lot and play golf which would be good for
boring people who don't like this show or you can just like you know just get in a car and just
wander off the Hershey highway somewhere and get out of our lives nobody is forcing anyone to
listen to this show but they're disgusted and they're revolted and they're good excellent this
is such a goddamn boring town anyway if you can discuss and revolt people even that alone at least
is making their juices flow a little bit that's all Monica was doing my god what that was wrong
with these uptight prudish asshole people here's a Davie hello Neil yes sir hi one of the things
though the reason I wanted to thank you and also to call you about this oral sex deal yes I had heard
about it yesterday and was listening to you of course and many years ago in a national fraternity
that I belong to a lot of the pledges the guys that want to get into the fraternity they do several
rituals and things and all kinds of crazy oh yeah but one of the nights they get together and they
they basically collect money like a cover charge they they show a horn oh flicks and whatever
you they can pick up the v that was before the vcrs really there are all these the late millimeters
or whatever they were right and they sell booze there to the brothers and get everybody drunk
and everybody's horny well they decided they were going to bring in a couple of girls to relieve
all these horny guys there's about 20 or 30 guys there and I never have any oral sex from a man at
i haven't you know that i know honestly but these two gals that came in they look great they
gave oral sex to about 20 or 30 guys a couple of them went back in for seconds and the the
bottom line was at the end of the evening I found out they were men right they were men they were
men and I don't know what they wow and these guys went in for seconds so I don't know if that helped
you guys find out about that afterward or the pledges were scared to death to let the brothers know
because they felt that you know they would be severely punished for that you know there's the
macho a lot of this macho image you know and they didn't want we didn't want other fraternities
to find out so there you go I think it proves that don't ask don't tell us probably a pretty good
idea exactly they did find out a couple of days later yeah and most of the guys took it and
stride and didn't think much about it they took it and stride how bad they did but they were to
coin a phrase they were waxing the shalei's pretty good that unbelievable thanks a lot pal
thank you sir by one have a good one there you go with your eyes closed who knows the difference
fraternities oh yeah they do such silly things what do you think they use on Greek names and Greek
letters you're not talking about it are you here's a mobile in pop and oh hello Neil yes sir are you
been brought up great last night I was watching this movie on HBO you know talking about this
priest thing all you know this week there was this movie called judgment I don't know if you see
it it was about this priest who molested this kid and you know finally you know they they proved
that he did it you see you know you spoke about it well that was the one I was on the cdc
first I think I don't I don't know but I'm just I'm the same but um absolutely at the end of the
movie they had this caption where now the insurers companies won't insure the Catholic church because
this guy was sued on the Catholic church was sued for like 1.25 million and now they're like
you know they're hanging out the drive these guys and I know it's just unbelievable I think they
need to really deal with this thing you know well they are dealing with it they're paying off
people behind closed and they've been doing that for years and that's the right of dealing with
it right and they're in denial and every once in a while they come along and they make a like a
blanket apology and they say we're sorry that we did you on the blanket and that's their idea
of dealing with it they just they just continue being in denial 60 minutes to that piece with
Mike Wallace about five six years ago what they show that so-called rehab place in New Mexico
where they send the priest to be rehabilitated and then they send them some other uh some other
parish somewhere where from wherever they were in the first place and they go and they start
molesting a bunch of kids there it's it's just a like a shovel you know they just shovel them
around different places for money with other and they just pretend it's not going on right well
when I was growing up as a kid you know I was I was sent to the Catholic church um luckily I was
smart enough to um you know not not not to become an author boy and not to get into the I was
even kicked out of of uh ccd excellent congratulations so I'm I'm I'm after all the things we heard
about Columbus highest but I mean God only knows what's going on I turned around a lot that the
devil also so but um I knew this one kid and um he finally became a brother even when I was
growing up as a kid this guy was a little strange so I was wondering what his deal was why did he
become a brother and I'm I think even now he's a priest I've I moved away from where you know
where where that area was but I mean I've been living here for like 24 years now so well you
know I guess this guy's a little he's a nod ball congratulations to you sir all right nearly take
out of there what what do you mean by that if you want to pick this is sports radio 560
wqa am Miami Fort Lauderdale Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob
hey guys if you're single and spend most of your night alone in your room why not work out
get your drift it easy with solo flex solo flexes behind tech workout device that's effective
because it works on one muscle at a time in fact it works on only one muscle but you can set it
up in 20 different ways to work on that one muscle yes there's nothing like a session with solo
flex to get sweaty and feel good about yourself Tommy are you in there hello what are you doing
in there Tommy and when you're done or in a ruptip solo flex holds up quickly and hides in the back
here clud solo flex in the 90s working out alone is the safe and healthy way to go call now for
a free hands on demonstration we got the mobile in Miami next hello yes sir how are you today very
well tremendous never been better I listen I want to calling because I'm one of those guys who's
have that both sexes give head and how I enjoy it a quiet bit I don't mind calling in how do you
like that yeah we do yeah and for your listeners after there is a different definite difference
between a male and a female given head and what is that sir well obviously guys know there
no guys by the whole lot better that's that's my point and I also want to ask you how many of the
Catholics do you think you're calling and asking for those videos today oh my god there's no
fact in the church definitely none well I grew up here in Miami I went to a Christian school and
not come on but hi oh god you're the one you're the one guy that didn't go to Columbus
side that can talk about a story but thank you so much I'm glad you enjoyed it hey you have a good
one and back to you I wish I did the fact of the scene is very quiet they're just not going to
come out of the closet there and of course you had to open up your big mouth about how we get
the numbers what an asshole you are we're not interested in tracing their numbers we're not
trying to intimidate we're just trying to force a little bit of honesty here which is not going
to happen trust me we're not interested I don't know we are not well you're not here's a mobile
in Hollywood hello in high a lair hello hello yes ma'am I just want to know why you're so mean
Neil what does that mean what does that mean why you said an asshole I'm not why are you an
asshole I'm not an asshole why can you just be nice like all the gay guys what what is
it be nice about what what are you talking about I'm talking about you why what what is not nice
I'm one of the nicest people you'd ever know do you know me if you ever met me I know you
through the radio you know this is a radio show do you know the difference between a radio show
which is entertainment and real life or you one of those people who's so stupid that you don't
know the difference I know the difference so what are you talking about I'm talking about you
yes so why do you listen to the show if you don't like what I do on here well catch just
me let's like let me ask you again why do you listen to the show answer my question no answer my
question why do you listen rather than call me and tell me how to be I'm I just was listening and
you're just like an asshole what are you listening for that makes you an asshole if you keep
listening long enough to call in here I'm okay you are what is it what is it yeah I'm not
too bad I hear you silly I mean that's so that's some come you're not even at the sandbox level
you're an asshole no you're a bigger asshole get out of here you silly bitch he just happened to
be listening you listen to the show every day in day sweetheart every day my holy at friend
and a guarantee if I had tickets here for Enrique Iglesias or Luis Miguel or Julio Iglesias or Ricky
Martin or some big singer out there I guarantee you to be sucking around here like I was the greatest
thing since sliced guayaberas whatever the hell that is and if you don't want to wear them eat
them is what I say eat this I can't you be cynical the other gay guys yeah all the gay guys I know
are real sweet hearts okay I know some gay people are like eat you up for breakfast not literally
of course man oh man what a stupid stupid there you go one of yours one of those ones you were
talking about yesterday right I try to tell you oh my god probably got a big fat ass to know
doubt well that's the best part of it there you have sort of that's what I'm thinking here's Miami
hello no yes sir first I'd like to thank you for the shirt I got a couple weeks ago from you
thank you very much you can cider t-shirt yeah well you're certainly welcome sir Burton good health okay
and I got a story for you about the men pleasing men thing and I'll get as I hear you say it doesn't
happen okay okay you know there's little um keep shows rooms that go at the adult bookstore right
okay out about a year and a half ago I'm inside of one now please don't tell me there was a glory
hole in the wall because I'm not old enough to hear these stories well there was a glory hole in the
wall oh I did it I did not know a lot I did not know what this was at the time I was in there I'm
in there for I think they were like mice in the place or something I didn't see it like I didn't
notice it you know I just went in there right and I'm I'm in there now what what were you doing in there
I was but you can you can use your imagination okay okay and I'm watching and I'm watching
flicking through about two minutes after I'm in there something pops to the glory hole definitely
mouse yeah definitely a mouse and and it was very complex it didn't want to
didn't want to know what was in the next room you need to say I just close the door all
near and I got out of there in a second yeah and this place happened to do about two blocks
from Columbus senior high school maybe it was maybe was father OJ
father or girl that's the goal man let me tell you all the girls that work here with me they
love you but they're all afraid to call you well at least they're they got that other bitch
they got her beat by about a hundred yards so let me tell you put it back on a banana boat well I
like to I like to call Michelle and Adrian a flaming douchebag because they're out they're very
there I mean they just chicken to call you come to stand up for old glory hey Neil can we get can I
figure out for a while I gave videos for them sure no problem okay now which one do you want how
about horse video volume one that's that'll be the big event of there we can I mean I really
like a horse because that's the one they want like Harry elephant they like Harry elephant they
I'm gonna give them Harry elephant they you want to you want to say hi to Michelle now she wants
to talk to you you want to say hi to her no problem okay one second one second come here come here
Michelle come on come on you're up a little bit Neil does not bite Neil has never bit you want to
bet he probably I do for my hello hi Michelle how you doing I'm finding yourself are you terrified of
me are you scared you have the the idea that I'm some kind of a nasty miserable bad no no actually
really is not just my coworker he's my boyfriend but he told me so many stories about you I'll bet
don't believe any of them and keep away from those glory holes to Michelle really no that was
waiting for us I hope so I think it was at least a week ago yeah I'm on feed are we'll send you
something good okay thank hang on take care of Michelle and her go to your boyfriend their line
three hi Ali hello hello yes sir hey on you know that you have the other caller about the he was
uh you had sex with a priest and everything yes sir I don't believe it I don't believe it I think
he's better and I think he does there's no fact in the church oh this is the same guy again
yes it is oh well are you gonna be calling us every day with this bubble noise why don't you come
up with a new routine stop sounding like something like guilty now okay you're auditioning for
the morning show no no no bring it down bring it down a couple of octaves stop stop sounding like a
gilding there you go now you're talking real man no sir I'm gonna attack the Catholic Church I
attack all churches all synagogues all Hindus I'm not ashamed of any
religion I don't believe in fairy tales sir do you not believe in other ones who work here at Q
A.M. get out of here your week today okay that's it you already made promo once pal don't push
your luck too hard sales people are ice holes I want to start the month of February in this week
with something that I rarely rarely if ever doing that is apologized to a sales hole because I've
been saying since I came on here and again I don't you know I'm brand new on this station I don't
know a lot of these people I don't know the different personalities the different psychoses etc so
everybody's telling me that Gary Sarner is an asshole and of course he gets fired and then a
week later they hire him back and now I'm beginning to understand why Gary Sarner you can correct me
if I'm wrong on this is the sports sales manager right was oops used to be well at any rate he
was involved in selling the ball games the dolphins the marlins the pantas whatever the sports stuff
now it seems to me and again I don't know because I'm certainly not privy to any numbers or any real
inside information but it seems to me that when you listen to the sports events on this station
that there's a lot of advertising in fact when the game is over like a Panther game I mean
on and on which is fine you got to get those spots in there makes them bucks great but the fact
that we've got what 42 sales managers here it indicates to me that maybe Gary now he is hung
like a mosquito that part I do not retract because we've talked to guys who have showered with him and
yes they do have communal showers here word foster was telling me about that last week he said
just like being with the dolphins you shower the sales people and I said from the hands not involved
in that is she well maybe that's why Linda Doyle left she couldn't she couldn't handle the heat
anymore so to speak of this communal sales showered well if you're going to be a sports station you
got to have that kind of sports ambiance so at any rate they have told me that Gary Sarner is
hung like a net okay so I don't take that back but he may not be an asshole because at least
maybe he's an asshole at least gets his job done so I've been thinking over the weekend because
Friday something happened to me driving home that just I've been I've been thinking about this a lot
because I've heard a lot of people belly aching about there's no spots there's no this and then
that reading book came out about two weeks ago and this station just went through the roof went
through the roof Hank is sitting there with a 7.3 share and men in the afternoon number one by a
country mile the morning show giant share and men and I keep hearing people saying well this is no
spots radio we've gone from all spots radio to no spots radio and I see somebody like Linda Doyle
who's a sweetheart and a very very astute sales hole and a very conscientious person I see her bail
him out of here and I'm saying to myself something is wrong here so Friday I'm driving home and I'm
listening to Hank and we come to a break finally at long last we come to a break and now I hear
that and it's that got off a muddy sounding distorted PSA that they were playing here on this show
the first couple days when we had almost no spots and I'm thinking to myself afternoon you know get
this picture afternoon drive Friday afternoon top rated show and they're playing PSAs and Hank
they'll even have time to go take a leak or maybe a whatever he had to go take there with the
a golf tournament because there's no spots and it suddenly dawned on me thinking long and
hard about it this weekend that Luanne is the asshole out up in sales and of course you probably
don't know Luanne but maybe we'll get to know her better maybe we'll make her into a celebrity
because it seems to me that there's something missing here because the people are responsible
for selling 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. other than ball games they're the ones who have an at least if we
had a 40 share they couldn't sell a glass of water to a starving Arab for like one rupee whatever
the hell the Arabs are got what the Arabs have besides BO now what kind of a denaro did they use in
the good question see even the you mr. smarty pant don't know the denomination of the
things that they use over there the Russians got their ruples the Dutch have got their
a guilders the Italians have got their lira one of the one of the Arabs have beside the militant
anti-Semitic attitude which is self hating because there's MIT's any else started it yeah we did
and we're proud of it so at any rate I'm beginning to understand that maybe Luanne is the asshole
upstairs and sales because there seems to be like a little bit of a problem here and we have
sales managers quitting every week and coming back every week and there seems to be nothing but
absolute chaos up there up there meaning upstairs on the turd floor here at the power 96 complex
now if I were involved upstairs which I'm not what is it denar denar no it's not time for lunch yet
much less denar reels we're getting a whole bunch of stuff we don't really care to be honest with
you okay it was just it was just a little thought there because I backed myself into a corner and I
didn't know film the blank whatever kind of money that those barbarians use that was the point
she couldn't sell them a glass of water she couldn't give it away for free and they a water either
okay is what I'm hearing well maybe not that part because there's something seriously wrong here
that's fucking bit which is maybe why you know the beesleys are a little tight with their money
while we still got that muddy sounding cart machine over there for a little more like that which
I thought they had that soft and then George was telling me the story about the production studios
over there and Duff is ringing his hands and wondering what the hell it's all about of course he's
always been wondering what it's about since he came here and that'll win we're not going to be
able to straighten her ass I think she's maybe she'd better take a demotion that seems to work very
well look how much Gary Sarner straighten himself out oh he hasn't well like I said Luana it's been
nice knowing a sweetheart but get with it already will you I mean this sales department I thought
you were I thought that all those months that you were working in production when I was in limbo
having a great time I thought you were exaggerating I thought you were joking and then I came over
here and we have like a lot of our own spots which most of me brought with us but other than that
I'm telling you if they took all the tradeouts got only knows what this place is getting on these
tradeouts but if they took all the tradeouts off the log on this radio station we'd have to have
a tank of oxygen for each show just so we could continue talking that long without any interruptions
it is absolutely on the label beyond a shadow of a doubt so somebody somewhere must be living
out high off the log I'll tell you that because they got tradeouts for everything in this joint
couldn't we trade out a couple of cart machines oh I'm sorry that has to do with radio we don't
want to do that couldn't we possibly do that could we trade out like something that might benefit
the radio station we don't want to do that Greg's got his car and this one's got this and this one's
got a few cruises on the side and yeah we got a lot of insurgent with stuff going on here too bad we
didn't hire Steve Nickel to be PD then we couldn't have had a have and we couldn't really operate
in sheep operation there would have been no programs just spots all day I'd have brought my shopping
cart oh man it's just shocking to me to see I mean how you can talk about rating success is only
to a certain point but you can only get a certain share of the audience at that point if you still
don't have people that can go out and sell it and make up make a profit then you got a real
serious problem which is why the radio vultures in this market are circling over on this great
dank rainy windy nasty horrendous grotesque day on which the turnpike was an absolute nightmare
this morning northbound which thank God I was going southbound and on your rubber neckers by the way
you're a bunch of assholes as usual but on this day you can look up there even in the middle of the
murk and the mung in the sky you can see the vultures swirling around right over this building and
I'm sure over on Sheridan Street just waiting for this operation to go belly up so they can come
swooping it and add it to their collection because that's not what it is in radio as you know and
I told you this couple years ago when they started this insanity at the FCC and then let everybody
gobble up the radio stations a few companies it's not collecting if I collect in baseball cards
we collect radio stations and TV stations and unless somebody gets their ads and gear upstairs you
know when you have people that are telling you that they've been owed money for eight months or
nine months when you hear about these cart machines so that they spots and promos and I look
see I have to wonder about some of these other people that work at this joint there's such a thing
as pride I mean granted not everybody's got the same kind of clout can open up a big mouth but how
long can you just keep coming in and working for a god damn paycheck and not saying you know what
this will result like crap am I right how long can you just fumble your way through life without
demanding just a little bit of excellence maybe not a lot of excellence but just a little god damn
bit guys bunch of wimps they're the sports guys they're bunch of wimps like alcohol states that a
bunch of faggot that's a gay club you moron right on l and quit eating so much which I can
talk a lot about that too about the eating business the eating business about everybody you know
like presenting you with food putting food in front of your face I guarantee I predict right now
I'll never see the first at march if this if the food thing doesn't stop and by the way my no
lunch tomorrow sweetheart yeah the food thing has got to stop or I'm going to be dead and yes Howard
Climberg I did buy a bag of M&M's if he rented the hockey game on the a Tampa game Saturday and you
want to know why I bought a bag of M&M besides your week besides being weak and hungry three o'clock
game okay so I didn't really eat a lunch which is a mistake we get there and I get a weeny they don't
have the polis sausage anymore which stunk and smell real bad but they have weenies that stink and
smell real bad like maybe they once had force can real recently and they weren't washed off maybe
there's a little pecorino in that in that weeny how come it is that at the stadium at pp park a lot
of the food not all of it but a lot of food is pretty damn good and in the last few years they've
had all kinds of stuff and I only have the arapa queen over there but they got burgers and they've
got all kinds of deli sandwiches and they got the all kinds of stuff over there but it's a
Miami arena I'm going to tell you and I don't think that we can blame this one on Baldi there I
don't think he has any control over it I think it's Mickey Ererson and those bastards who must have
some kind of incestuous deal with some kind of grotesque food the concessionaire or whatever they call
him the food in the Miami arena is unfit for human consumption and ordinarily I have my diet soda
and that's it that's my that's the extent of my ummm vibing at the Miami arena is a diet soda that's
as dangerous as I'll get and I'm going to tell you that that weener that they put on that I'm
going to tell you something that if anybody ever would eat one intentionally again they must be
desperate and the same starving Arab in the desert who wouldn't buy the glass of water from
Luay and upstairs would definitely not eat that weener even if it were kosher I guarantee you that
right now listen to you
but we're really good to sit for this short let's make you high voice you'll get the
other action well I hate what we're doing on QAL I'm going to live here and straight in with
boys this high now I'll have to get deeper in that closet and so I'm gonna
press all the macho friends I can't get before it's time to kill the fans this time
yeah there ain't nothing I haven't much of sports guys and boys and that's the fraction they
were well here's old I can't go like that yes then I'm real close to the radio and press the
down if their voices on up there really takes my balls they go in and that's Rome man we are he's
in my bread brother yeah here's a mobile info hello yeah hi nail yes sir yeah listen I hear you talk a
lot about your ratings and I've listened to your show now for a couple weeks and you don't like it
and you're still listening well I'll tell you the truth I mean it's the same old stick every day
yeah so I still have the only reason that you're making sure why you're listening for three weeks
of running on a call off and critique and keep talking and not take a breath do you want to have
a conversation or do you want to well make a speech I just want to I want to say that you want to
make a speech or do you want to have a conversation let's have a conversation I'm listening you have
you talk about your ratings but let's face her I have never talked about ratings because I don't
have any ratings on the station that's why I haven't been here long enough a couple weeks ago I heard
you say you got the early returns or something was bad no I did not those were ratings for the rest
of the station they were not ratings on this show because the ratings for this show didn't start
till the 8th of January and we won't have those for another two or three weeks so you're you're
you're misconstruing if I can use that term what I said but the reason that you're saying that your
ratings are going to be good is because of your show I say so the ratings for this show at night
time the ratings in the morning the ratings are going to be good because of what they call if you
follow the first so the ratings of the midday show that preceded me on this station were the worst
ratings of any show on this station and they follow the first team okay okay so let's come up with
your next column on the store let me ask you how come I had big ratings and I would be for
nine years and we didn't have the first team on our show was it because I followed Mike Winery
well I didn't listen so I don't know oh so you don't know okay and you also don't know about
here because we don't have any ratings for this show yet and also the fact that Hank follows you
also now that was why people tune in a ten in a morning and also let me say it again when I was
on I would be when Hank was working there he was on eight o'clock at night so you're telling me
people tune in ten in the morning because Hank was on eight o'clock at night well the last thing
I want to why do you listen to this show sir I want an honest answer don't give me this
butt bull crap that you don't know what you're talking about why do you listen to this show
for two solid weeks okay I'm gonna tell you that because every time you open your mouth your
brain fall out okay and it's enjoyable listen to that congratulations I'm delighted that you
enjoy it pal because every time you open your mouth falls out we're enjoying it too no yeah I have
high ratings because I follow the first team you should live so long pal and because Hank follows
you and because Hank is on after me that's very good logic glad you're hired Pat you're
our new PD you're the new uh Fluff Lindsay thank you lucky stars you have two shows to prop you
up that's right thank the Lord how did I ever make it I would be in Zeta and W snooze and all
those other stations without these guys to uh to help me along to give me a walker my room walker
and I was on here talking about my ratings which aren't even out yet so you have no clue what
you're talking about my psychotic little friend go back to your play girl magazine and leave us
along here's a mobile in the Del Rey hello Neil yes sir great show yes it is you know sports
babe but hey what are you gonna thank god you got a silver belt with uh panty plates no I don't
okay fast one last time I thought made it as you not me yeah what that guy called about
man said they basically had a right man to just think out loud about what Frank was saying to uh
that woman up in the room so but uh I want to bang you in the butt honey and then uh the other one too
and then the other one like oh my god your breasts are beautiful yeah but Bob and Tom's are right
but it'd be like you have an lap tracker George laughing in the background just gets on your
nervous well I don't I don't agree I mean I realized they can do too much of that stuff but I
it's just part of their show there a lot of morning shows where they do that in fact on Howard
show when they had all those people in there with him they do the same thing there's a
half a dozen people yuckin and up in the back yeah I don't think it's as bad as Bob and Tom
well just for some reason I don't worry about that I worry about whether I like the material or not
and whether I think it's funny now whether somebody else is laughing at it there you go I want
in closing you know how come they can say it's on the other show and you can't say it
yeah okay we can't say what we can't say piss on this show I didn't know that and now let's say we
can say it as an honor of verbally uh adjective I don't know how to help we can say we say whatever
the hell we want all right if managed to come on and talk about banging people in the butt we
can say whatever the hell we want I want to bang you in the butt hum in fact I'm going to start
wearing a jock strap and then you'll be amazed at what I'm going to be able to say please don't say
to
thank
I'm gonna do your consults, woman.
And I'm gonna make you something, you.
Look at the bathroom.
On a crepto.
Yeah, for you, love.
You got the floor, yeah.
I've got the power to holdings in front.
Whoa.
Oh, that's you.
Well, I have a way to get your old show
at the station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're waiting for love.
That's the one that you can stroke me, girl.
I'm on the same arm, baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to do.
I'm your consultant, woman.
Make your name so that I desire you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I am, oh, yeah.
That's why I'm a consultant, cause I'm just an ass.
Oh.
So what is a Walter Sabo anyhow?
I had one in my mouth once.
So Bill Tanner gives me a card from Walter Sabo
from some broadcasts meeting up to just 10.
And it's from Sabo Media.
It says, Bill, you are truly one of my heroes signed to WS.
Isn't that boy I put that in my, I put it right in here, right down in there.
It's a good place for it.
Okay, let's go to a lady in the Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Is Neil?
Yes, it is.
Okay, I have a couple of questions for you.
Go right ahead.
Okay.
Is it true, now my first time call, I called yesterday and hung up, please don't hang up.
Why did I hang up on you?
You must have been obnoxious in this place.
I said a curse word and I didn't mean to.
Oh, okay, don't do it again.
Okay.
Tell me, tell me.
Okay.
Is it true that you are a fat Jewish bag?
Yes.
You are.
Yes.
It is true.
Uh-huh, Dan.
What's wrong with a beautiful Jewish woman?
I'm a Jew.
So what does that have to do with anything?
Are you a Jewish dyke or what?
No, I'm a Jewish female.
So do your thing, honey.
Do your thing.
But I didn't understand.
You don't understand what?
You don't like Jewish women at all?
I don't like any women from a sexual standpoint or I do not.
I'm a fag.
Do you understand?
Do I have to draw you a diagram lady?
Have you ever heard of that before?
I mean, I know Jewish women tend to be somewhat repressed and like in the dark age, but have you
ever heard of a fag?
Do you know what that is?
Yes.
That's what my friends are good faggots.
So what are you asking me the question for?
Another question?
I don't understand.
I thought that was your question.
In other words, you have no material, is that it?
No, I have material.
Well, let's hear it.
Am I okay?
You know, number one, I think how it stir and tries to be like you.
Yeah.
Number two.
So like I said, you have no material.
Can I say a little bit about you?
No, you can't.
No.
Don't ever put that bitch around again.
Can you believe this?
Lady, you are so pathetic and it makes me back to the days when I say, oh, we have no women
called.
They were the women.
Trust me.
We have some women listening.
Listen.
It would be a good idea.
If you have something, read it and say, like, once in a great while fine, but if not, don't press yourself.
That's f***ing bit.
Exactly.
Don't push it.
God almighty.
Desperate.
And she wonders why I don't like Jewish women?
Talk about a rhetorical question.
God, here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neal.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to tell you I've been listening to you since high school, man.
It's been about seven years now.
And here I am.
I'm still here.
I love you, man.
I love you.
I just want to thank you so much for getting me to wake up and open my eyes and realize that
religion is a bunch of crap.
Congratulations.
Because I was watching that thing about last night how they executed that woman.
Yeah.
I don't know how your stance is on it because I just got out of class.
I didn't hear you earlier this morning.
But I mean, hey, look, she killed somebody.
She was convicted.
And at the court of law, she had due process.
They found her guilty.
They sent her to die to be executed.
They executed her and now life goes on.
And women want equal treatment.
Well, there you go.
Yeah.
They're executing men and go ahead and execute some women.
Amen.
You live by the side of the body.
Like that Jew bitch that called about three calls ago.
I say, fry her ass before in her midnight.
She sounds like a real idiot.
And you know, I don't think she has any gay friends because she says faggot.
She probably doesn't have any gay friends.
She's probably a bulldyke.
Probably.
Probably got blow up bells of Roseanne.
Have a nice day, amigo.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I don't-
I'll be there.
I don't-
I know, nothing.
I know, nothing, nothing.
I know.
You haven't seen anything
until you've seen everything.
And don't hit the final chaper, Massadda.
Return of the judai coming soon to a temple near you.
No, the star speed will see us.
If your carpets are ready,
