George the Jackie's box, okay?
430-560-WQAM, Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560, toll-free for David Brarrard, or now 560 on your cell toll.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beasley read acquisitions for the Beasley Broadcast Room.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QAM.
Hey, what he has prepared.
He is one good-looking guy.
Look at my butt.
All right.
I'm such a beautiful singer.
All the guys they want me from the old to the teenager.
I am hot, I have to say.
I think real good, my acting's over, K-God, I was good.
I have a chance with a beautiful singer.
I got so trees that you might and a bar that I like to show.
With my thoughts and creamy sides, how to kid you never know.
Hey, you see me, is she wants me?
Got all your tight food, my daughter's tight with me.
You see me all over MTV.
Now that is 40 years.
I know you want me.
Beautiful singer.
Beautiful singer.
All along is the best.
What am I going to do about it?
It's a 10.0.2.5.60 WQI. I'm happy Monday to you.
Have I ever said before American Airlines sucks?
Let me just say it again.
Over and over and over again.
And I feel bad in a way because I'm sure there are a lot of very nice people that work for that airline like flight attendants.
And maybe even some of the pilots in spite of their abort behavior some months ago.
Let me say it. On American Airlines blows.
They blow. They suck.
In fact, I would challenge this audience.
Anybody connected with that airline or anybody who even just flies the airline.
I would like to know the last time that that airline ever flew a flight that left on time and got to where it was going on time.
Okay? I think before the Wright brothers were infants. Maybe that's what happened.
But since then the answer is never happens.
They're unbelievable. They're just so bad it sits beyond belief.
And this is what's happened.
Now it is God damn one world.
And all these Wright Wingers talking about one world government.
It's one world airlines. What is what the problem is?
The star alliance and this alliance and that line.
And the main time the bottom line is we get screwed.
And I'm going to tell you something.
You. First of all, the people at the airlines are the kiss the ground that there isn't more.
Averent behavior going on these days.
More psychotic people.
More air. What do they call it?
Air rage. We got road rage. Air rage.
It's an air rage.
Because they got you condition like a bunch of cattle.
Well, we're going to be seven hours late.
Wow. Okay. Yeah. What are we going to do?
Yeah. Start getting pissed off. That's what I would do.
Especially if I'm going somewhere. I don't mind being seven hours late coming back here.
Do you know what I'm saying? Like last night in Toronto.
Oh, three hours late. Okay. Fine.
There's no hurry getting back to Miami ever.
In fact, three days late would be good. That would be I would have said.
Yeah. Excellent.
And I'm going to say it again.
What goes on those of you who hate like poison Miami International Airport.
It's very fashionable to say, oh, I always fly out of Fort Lauderdale.
Because I don't want to go anywhere near Miami International Airport.
And the reason being, the reason being that those people I've said this a couple of weeks ago,
who fly out of those terminals C&D, which is the Merck and Airlines terminals,
you feel like you're in a banana boat place.
The way everything goes on there, it's like you were flying to Pakistan or somewhere.
Who are all those people who are in those terminals?
Air reflight is chaotic.
They haven't got any idea how to board a flight, how to get people on,
and in addition to which, what is the deal? Is it one or is it two carry-ons?
That's the limit. I guess each airline has, I think it's supposed to be only one,
one piece of carry-on luggage, or maybe two, like a small one.
You could stick out of the seat or just stick it up your ass.
There are people, of course, going up Friday. I'm in coach because there was no space in first class
and not having any great contacts like some of the big shots, like the BG's, for example.
I couldn't get, you know, not anybody out of there.
So I'm in coach for the first time in a long time.
I want to say, I don't want to miss the sound instance here.
I commiserate with all of you shluckers out there that have to fly coach all the time.
No, seriously, I don't know how you do it.
There are sardines that are treated better when they're stuck in the can
than new people that fly in coach.
And believe me, there are no bargains very damn few on the airline.
They soak you in arm and leg.
They squeeze the lifeblood out of you, no matter where you want to go.
And now that they have these alliances, it's collusion, baby.
We would always use to have these price wars and not going to price down and not going to,
not anymore, you don't see that.
Used to be $3,800 to fly business class, any major airline,
Loft-Hans, KLM, Allotagia, for my minute, just about anywhere in Europe, $3,800.
Now, it's $6,200 on all of them, which is why Martin Air, you know,
$6,200, it better be a damn good flight for $6,200, bucks unless you're a millionaire.
See, this is a very, very strange concept.
You know something, you pose those at American Airlines who are having a,
and the first clue you're going to have a problem, you go into waiting area
and you hear them playing smokets in your eyes on the APA.
That's a bad, bad start when you're playing smokets in your eyes.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah!
Okay, that's a good looking guy.
Yeah, he'll come along later.
That's right, that was the only good thing about getting stuck in the airport in Toronto last night,
who was on my American Airlines flight, old number 14.
Gets on that plane, I'm sitting right up front there,
shook my hand so hard that the blood just drained out of it.
Nice call, right, you're okay in my book, pal.
Ray Whitney, the wizard.
What a great guy, huh?
I didn't go bother him, he was sitting up there all by himself for three hours in the terminal.
I didn't go bother him, I didn't go, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, you know, be it.
Because, you know, one thing I don't ever want to be, besides straight,
is one other thing I don't ever want to be, and that's a groupie.
Do you have any idea how I despise groupies?
I'm not talking about, not for example, in an airport last night, I had a couple of,
I mean, guys who have a gay travel agency in Miami, funny guys,
had a great conversation, kill all the time, good guys.
You know, and there are people always, you know, no matter where the hell I'm traveling.
I need to know how you're doing.
Don't mind talking to those people if they're nice, but the groupies,
you know the ones I'm talking about, you know the ones I'm talking about?
Those people are nauseating.
So I would never, ever want to be perceived as a groupie of anybody,
which is another reason, like that backstage thing with Luis Miguel.
I mean, what, what do I need that for?
I don't need to go by, a groupie, that's one thing.
I don't mind being a groupie.
I'd rather be a groupie than a groupie.
You know what I'm talking about?
I think you do.
As a matter of fact, speaking of being a groupie, what was that thing that,
that, that, that, that, that, you're, what I said this morning?
Yeah, okay.
Sounds reasonable to me.
Jo knows all about the, what, yeah, he knows about that.
By the way, I hate to break the news to you,
but Joe Castella wasn't the only one who thought I was going to broadcast the Dolphin game on Saturday night.
Yeah, he wasn't the only one.
No, don't feel bad.
Joe, there were a lot of other schmucks out there too, a guy stuck in the back.
Like I'm going to go to, they're going to, first of all,
just stop and think about it.
Wayne Hype Pinga is going to let me broadcast the games.
See me because, first of all, if that wasn't an impediment,
I'd be doing the Panther games this year.
I'm probably the greatest living hockey announcer,
maybe next to Joe Bowling in North America today.
Whether you know that or not.
But I wouldn't even consider suggesting that to them because that's a Wayne thing, you know.
You can just hear it now.
No.
No chance, baby.
How about Rogers for doing those games?
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Okay.
What'd she say?
Nope.
Or Georgia gets on the floor with that bitch when she says,
Nope.
And she's a teacher, no less Sam.
Nope.
Yeah.
Ransard dope.
So anyway, I'm going to do about four hours on American Airlines today and why they suck so bad.
If they spend as much time concentrating on, let's try to get somewhere.
Let's try to take off on time just once to see what it's like as they do on their gourmet cuisine in first class.
Which I didn't eat the food.
Would you like to shack up a yaw, the fish and under glass, the, you know,
a hot punch Sunday with the whipped cream nuts and cherries?
How about getting me where I'm going on time would be good?
Screw the food, okay, honey.
Although I did actually discover a heterosexual male flight attended on American Airlines last night.
What a good looking guy, too, by the way.
Mmm, mmm.
I'm serious.
With a wedding band in the whole bit, very amacho.
We pulses you more.
Lives in the gay part of town.
Unfortunately, he likes girls and coming soon to feeders everywhere.
You'll see why he has his ass wide shut.
Oh my god, I dropped my cheese. What am I going to do?
Hey, hot stuff. You can bend over and pick those up, or you're just going to stand there and stare at them.
Bend over?
Impossible. He has to keep his ass wide shut.
What's the emergency, sir? I dropped my keys, officer.
Oh my. Can you cover me?
You would quickly clench and...
God!
No matter where he goes or who he meets, he must remember to keep his ass wide shut.
Thank you, officer. That was a close one.
I asked him behind you.
Keep your ass wide shut.
Tell me soon.
1015 at 560 WQM, so I would like to ask, you know, what is it about terminal C and terminal D at Miami International Airport?
Is there something... is there like a sign somewhere that I've never seen that says,
but no, seriously, banana boat portion of the terminal, is that what that is?
And it's got to be it.
I mean, I don't really care who else is flying on a plane as long as they're like reasonable
and don't have too many weapons with them, then, you know, don't have more than 20 or 30 pieces of carry-on luggage.
What is that?
And it's amazing to me that you're not having brawls back there in coach because, like I said,
boarding the flights.
I'm realizing how to board a plane and do it.
In fact, the two...
I mean, the two guys with the travel agency would tell me about Southwest.
Now, I never fly Southwest because I don't ever go anywhere that Southwest flies.
We've been through this.
You know, if you want to go from here to Tampa, you've got seven stops, I think.
It's a great airline, but they take very short hops, like a hopskip and a jump.
But they're telling me that when you go there, you know, you're calling your reservation,
and you buy your ticket, and they give you, like, a plastic boarding card, number one to a hundred.
And they do it in groups of 30.
You follow what I'm saying.
And so if you're like number...
Well, whatever, in the first 30, you go on first and they do it strictly by that.
Otherwise, you sit in your ass, and that's the way to do it.
Not an American.
The planes coming in from Guatemala.
It's about an hour and 45 minutes late.
And then this is Friday, going up.
And then Friday, we sit there, sit there, sit there, and finally, here's the plane.
Ten minutes earlier than they anticipated.
And now another half hour later, we'll just when you think you're going to be boarding.
Surprise!
They haven't serviced the insides.
They haven't done any food catering yet.
Does anybody know why?
No.
They just haven't gotten around with you.
Any special reason?
Nope.
Nope.
And then you get on the plane.
And it's like chaos.
It was like allotality.
Like I've always told you, allotality, once you get up in the year, greater line.
The food is great.
The flights are...
They use 747s greater line.
On the ground, it's like typical allotality in chaos.
You know, I'm just picky.
You know, crazy people.
And that's American.
Oh, in Miami.
It's the American FN way in my international airport.
It's chaotic.
And of course, how can you blame people after they've been sitting there waiting and waiting.
And they keep lying about when you're going to leave.
And so I just slept all the way back there.
Road 26, see whatever the hell it was.
Second to last row on the plane.
Okay, no problem.
I'm not in no big shot.
I can handle it.
I'll survive.
It's only a two and a half hour flight.
Now here they come.
Here come all the banana boat people.
And they've got...
They've got their life's possessions with them.
They've got 600 pieces each of karaoke.
And now some of the poor bastards who paid pretty good money to get on this plane
they want to sit down.
I know that comes as a great shock to you, but they actually,
sometime before they die, they would like to get to their seat and sit the hell down.
Is that possible on American?
Oi!
No, not out of Miami, it's not.
And I really thought there was going to be a brawl in the aisle.
Because there was this one old bag.
Well, you know, she's got a sticker.
Okay, but get your ass out of the aisle, honey.
So these poor couple of bastards can get by and go sit down.
Like you're supposed to be doing now.
And it's just a chaotic, unruly, psychotic scene.
And now of course, you know, you've waited all this time to take off.
And the captain comes on adding himself into it and says,
well folks, we're all ready to push back here.
As soon as you get your asses in your seat, that kind of thing.
So in other words, we're ready to go.
We got clearance to get out of here.
But you've got a bunch of imbacils, lunatics, maniacs.
So just throw their ass in the seat, buckle it up in there.
And if they come too fine, if not too bad.
Crazy people.
And see, you know, having a luxury of making enough bucks
that I fly first class all the time.
And I know I've said this before.
And you only give them a second and third chance
because you only have so many choices.
Never, ever again on American Airlines.
Unless they decide to give me for free first class,
with a shot of rayon and four hotpods on these,
unless they decided to do that, forget it.
No chance. No way, Jose.
And again, I realize there are a lot of good people.
They've got a lot of listeners.
So the American, they listen to this show.
I apologize. They don't take it personally unless you want to.
Good flight attendance on that flight last night coming back.
Great flight attendance, especially the guy.
But nevertheless, no, seriously, they were great.
So I'm not blaming them. They're not responsible for it.
But what is it about this airline that they just can't get their goddamn act together
no matter how many wrecks, no matter how many near wrecks.
And I'm hearing all the stories from these,
a travel agency queen, the guys,
and the other people that know me and the airport were sitting talking.
And they're telling me horror stories about taking off,
turning around and going back,
and a flight being canceled, it's never ending.
Never ending.
Why is it so difficult?
And wasn't it just about a week ago that on the news
that were giving us this big shot of dance about,
well, the public is fed up,
and now we got good news.
We've got some relief because the FAA and some other bunch of assholes
got together, and there's going to be some place in Virginia,
you know, where they do all the routing and everything.
They're going to be doing a different way.
And so if the planes come with a few feet of each other,
they don't care. Whatever it's going to be.
If they, you know, if they tip to the wings,
happen to touch a little bit, and you see a little,
a little bit of us, a few sparks in the air,
don't get panicky.
We're just trying to speed things up a little bit.
That was the big propaganda. It was going to get better.
Did it get better? No.
No, it's getting so much worse that it's a,
you better leave six in the morning if you hope to get some more by midnight.
Even if it's like a tampon.
Even if you're flying to Fort Myers for whatever reason,
to get some of that bad food, I got a Fort Myers story by the way,
which I'll get to eventually if I can find what I did with it.
About a bunch of people getting sick, getting food poisoning over there
and Fort Myers, how do you like that? I think I lost it.
That's okay. Nobody over here cares about it anyway.
Don't take it personal over there for Myers.
We just don't care about it. Okay.
I think we're shorties, barbecue, something like that.
So maybe we'll find somebody they, who actually in the last five years,
flew an American Airlines flight, got on the plane on time,
departed close to one time, and got to where they were going within about five hours
and when they were supposed to get there.
And they just don't seem to care.
I mean, the captain always comes on very apologetic over so sorry,
and you can hear him all chuckling in the background,
like, oh yeah, we really give a crap.
Who wants to get to Miami anyway?
Here's a mobile and, oh, you didn't redo the phone.
There you go. So means the colon.
We got all started, all set up here, and we can't get the guy damn show on the year,
because we didn't reboot the phone this morning.
Here we go. Oh, help me, God, Greg Readin.
And you know, I wasn't even going to say this on the year.
We were having a seminar in a hallway this morning.
What are we going to do about all this, Josie Gackie being on this station so much?
You believe he's going to be on from six to 10 tonight again?
Oh, my God.
Who's that barbecue? Who's that barbecue?
You were fried at birth, Joe. Okay.
Just take a look at your poise.
Look at the mirror and you can tell you were barbecue at birth.
Six to 10 we got him on here again tonight.
And the rumor has it. Three of these on so much.
It goes, Greg Read loves Josie Gackie.
And that's why we got this piece of crap phone equipment in here.
So we can't start like a real professional radio station.
I go through my whole spiel.
Got a whole bunch of people online here ready to rock and roll.
And now we can't put the guy damn show on here, because we got a cheap ass.
Nice. There's God damn phone system in here.
This is the state of the art studio that this man lied to his teeth about.
The same man that keeps putting Josie Gackie on here.
Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello.
Hello, Dale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, how you doing?
Okay.
This is the young and young twins, one of them.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just wanted to tell you about where I'm Hispanic, too.
And you know how you're talking about the people who the banana people who bring the...
Bring their life possession.
This is like the banana plant.
Wait, carry on.
Well, that is true, because you should see on my parents, I don't pack right, too.
Because my grandma one time took a flight.
So I think from Guatemala, I saw him.
And she brought back her carrot, the food that they feed you on the plate.
She didn't finish it.
So she packed it up and put it in her pocket and brought it home and ate it.
It's a beauty.
What do you think about that?
Put it in her rub, purse, yeah.
Yeah.
And of course, lawn to pickles.
By the way, remember how I told you that me and my brothers went?
Yeah.
Well, my coaches, their twins also.
But they're not young and hung, they're old and done.
Okay, pal.
All right.
See ya.
Okay, good guys, but no material.
Okay, what happened here?
Now, see that this is what goes on when you're trying to do a goddamn radio show with a bunch of play dough.
That's what happens with any rectus set with no erection.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
God.
All right, I'm stressed from this today.
I'm going to have to be taking a vacation very soon.
I'll tell you that right now.
We got managed it too.
Yeah!
Then at six o'clock, I know.
I know it's start to believe, but at six o'clock,
we'll be back for more punishment, not for himself but for the audience.
Who's I, Barbara Cude?
Who's I, that's good.
That's good.
But a man who just couldn't possibly be on radio or television, he'll be on this radio station,
6th at 10 tonight, and Kaplan.
Hey Ed, how'd you like to follow Joseph Eckney for four hours then, huh?
You think following the Marlins is bad?
You ain't seen nothing yet, sweetheart.
Yeah!
Here's a mobile-informed lottery deal.
Hello.
Hey Neal, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I'll probably one of the biggest reasons you're right about.
Nobody really cares down there.
One of them, I'm not saying that all the employees are like that,
but most of them are six dollar an hour employees, people who work on a ramp,
people service the aircraft.
They really don't care.
It's half the time they can't get in the show-up for work.
And it's basically where the airlines are operating now.
Keep their cross down.
They're just a higher all-part time and low-wage workers.
Yeah.
And that's basically one of the major problems.
Great.
That's uplifting.
It really is a confidence booster here on that.
Yeah, that's one of the main reasons.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Well, we have a little bit of a problem today.
They were telling me about one flight that it was America worst airlines.
They couldn't get the plane off the ground because they couldn't fit the nozzle
into the gas tank in the plane.
True story.
That was the excuse that they gave.
They couldn't put the lotion in the basket.
They couldn't put the nozzle in the hole.
Which I'm sure that there's some of the flight attendants who have that problem,
but nevertheless, I don't want to say what airline they work for.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, we're still waiting on one person that got somewhere on time from American Airlines
in the last two years.
Have we heard from anybody yet?
No.
No.
Heard from anybody that likes them.
No.
That likes that banana boat part of my international airport.
No.
They had to like, cordon it off.
Okay.
Just let all the illegal aliens go in that part of the airport.
Not like reliving and breathing citizens.
No, forget about that.
Let us go some other place.
But the illegal aliens, that's your area, man.
Just slip all your stuff.
All your crap.
Crazy people coming on there with their arms loaded.
Dragon every kind of thing imaginable that you ever saw.
And then try to jam it into those poor little overhead spots.
Just jamming it.
And then of course the best part is you got your bag up there.
You know, nice and small and the proper size.
And all of a sudden now they're smashing it into the back
because they're shoveling all kinds of crap on there.
Over and underneath and around in front of your goddamn bag.
Then you're hoping to pull out of there and get off the plane
if you ever get where you're going.
Crazy people.
You mark my words, man.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You think those two episodes in Boston,
that was only the beginning.
And I'm not suggesting that people ought to be, you know,
because it's dangerous getting crazy up on a plane.
Thirty-seven thousand feet up in the air.
But people's patience, baby.
It's going to start running out.
You know what I'm saying?
1026 at 560 WQAM.
She and I.
My wife says it really hurts to blow, you know?
Why?
Does she have a really small mouth?
Why?
No, she's got a cold.
Her nose is all rough from the tissues.
So, no, are you talking about it?
Make an answer to yourself at work today.
Uh, the same thing as you.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
Then try a duo.
What does your mouth have to do with blowing?
It's medically proven to erase up to 24 hours of memory.
Wait a minute.
You're a duo.
Oh, you're sick bastard.
For when you really f*** up.
1031 at 560 WQAM.
Welcome to Cannell Call.
Because that's basically what we are.
Anybody that flies, anybody uses commercial airlines.
You just a bunch of cannell, all of us.
And especially if you're flying in coach.
Maybe that's why they charge about 50 grand to fly from here to
like to Jacksonville in first class.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a pilot for American, and I haven't been on a flight
to take an off on time this month either.
Wow.
And why is that?
Well, they got a CEO down there, Don Cardi, that's screwing the whole
airline up.
He's putting every labor group fighting against itself.
Yeah.
He's a slick guy.
But how long does he think the public's going to put up with this?
He doesn't care.
They're bottom line number crunchers.
Yeah.
And all he's...
Because I'm a part of it.
There were empty seats on that flight last night, even with three hours delay.
You think that maybe they get some stragglers coming on to fill up the plane?
There were empty seats, even in first class.
Yeah, they're messing it up.
You didn't understand.
He pissed off all his employees.
Nobody wants to work for him.
Nobody's talking.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
I mean, what is there to say?
You know, what am I going to say to this guy?
He's one of the pilots.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And let me ask you this.
What kind of a...
I'm not knocking because there are a lot of great flight attendants.
Like I said, the people on this plane last night were very nice.
Perspective guy.
But what kind of person wants to do that?
Like a person who's married?
Because I'm realizing that most of the women of flight attendants are married, number one.
And this guy was...
Most of the male flight attendants, as you know, are well.
I don't want to say the word.
But what they are.
But this guy was married with a wedding band and a real good-looking guy.
But what kind of a life is that?
What kind of family life can you have when you're like a couple of days away?
You have to stop over...
What is that?
Can you tell me?
Unless you got like a really bad marriage, you know.
Get a lot of the sides.
Unless you got somebody at home with a real bad bio.
Or somebody who farts a lot, something like that.
And it's a real good excuse to stay the hell away from there.
I just don't understand that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Well, that call we had there from male Capitano, from male Commandante.
It didn't sound too uplifting, huh?
As far as flying American aid time soon, did it?
No, no.
Not that I wanted to go for rocket that American Airlines.
And the fact that every single time you want to go somewhere, that they're...
I don't mind 20 minutes late, a half hour late, 45 minutes late.
Especially if it's a weather-related thing.
I mean, you know, they can't do anything about the weather.
If we're going to Houston last night, probably didn't get there too soon.
You know what I'm saying like at all.
I understand that.
But just generally speaking, as of one of the mill, total and utter chaos.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hey, yes, sir.
If it wasn't for you, ragging on Gizaki, I wouldn't have even listened at all.
Hey, guy, really does suck.
Jersey Gackie, Jersey Gackie, Jersey Gackie, Jersey Gackie, Jersey Gackie sucks, okay?
And you know another thing, I can do what the American up to Memphis on Friday.
North American?
North American, I mean, on to Friday.
On American?
On Americans on a Friday.
And they spent tons, I was running up there to go to school.
And they started to run that in my tool pouch.
And they had beautiful empty baggots.
They stole your tool?
Yeah.
And then when I called them on Friday night, when I got to the hotel on a Friday night,
I called the airline and told them, and they said,
well, you have to call them in office.
And you have to make the clean within 24 hours.
Yes, so you're S-O-L.
Right.
Because if the clothes are weekend, so you couldn't even make a clean one the weekend.
So if they rip you off on a Friday, they get away.
Actually, well, I keep them out of my pouch next time.
If I were you, they'll grab your tool every time.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
That's what they said in clockwork orange.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, I don't think this audience goes anywhere, you know?
Every time I talk about some kind of airline-related thing, it's like,
well, we don't know what you're talking about.
We don't have the big money like you can't be flying all over the world all the time.
They don't go anywhere.
That's the problem at this time.
Most of the people, maybe it's only the banana boat people.
How the hell can they get afford to be going on these flights, huh?
That's what I wonder.
You look at some of those people and some of the people sitting in first class,
you know that somebody else must have bought the ticket or else they stole it or something, you know?
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What kind of day is this?
The worst.
I'll tell you why.
What is that, Max?
I gave up flying about two years ago.
Yeah.
If it's anywhere from the radius of Atlanta on down to beautiful Miami, I drive.
Yeah.
Two years ago, they were having some real fair markdowns and I was lucky enough to get stuck in coach on another airline I won't name Delta.
And they're not ready when you are, by the way.
Never.
And people were getting on, talking about carry-on luggage, using hefty bags as their carry-on luggage.
No, you got to admit that's classy, okay?
That's really classy.
Cramp and crap everywhere.
Yeah.
I lighted in and there I said that's enough.
No more.
That's it.
No more, so much.
Forget it.
Yeah, and now I drive.
I had last car I've traded.
I had 200,000 miles on it.
Nice German car, layback, listen to CDs and relax.
I get there within an hour of the airplane anyway.
All right.
I guess I'm just going to have to take longer weekends, you know?
1200 mile drive up there to Toronto or wherever you want to go, Boston, New York, wherever you're headed for, you know?
And to hell of a long drive to Amsterdam.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
We've been on for 35 minutes.
Still have yet to hear from anybody who got anywhere on time from an American airline.
You bet on pissed off, man.
I mean, you just give them another chance and another chance.
And you know, you take the flight because you like to get there sometime before midnight,
sometime in a reasonable hour in the middle of the day time, as opposed to midnight.
And then, well, guess what?
We're going to be a wait a hell late anyway.
And just like last night, finally, three hours late.
We come back.
I'll like it.
Let's see.
I guess we landed two hours late.
But took off three hours late and get to the, finally get to the gate and guess what?
Now the gate, the, and I don't know, did the gate people, they work for the airliner just for the airport?
The airport?
But what do I know?
No, I think you're wrong.
Yeah. Well, when the house of last time you flew anywhere, Mr. Hot Shot, that drives the North Carolina all the time?
When we went to New York and then all those Vegas trips?
All those Vegas trips and you're just, all what Vegas trips?
You mean the Bob Lincoln trips? Yeah, we went three times.
And you're judging the airline by those Bob Lincoln trips.
That's your, uh, Judd.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've got about 10 or 20 flight centers.
So anyway, they can't get the guy to M. Jetway up to the, they can't line it up with the door.
And another four or five minutes, we're standing there, huffing and puffing like, okay, please let us out of here.
You know, just please, something, let us just jump out.
You know, maybe we'll find our way into the airport up to the parking garage, something.
Let us just, anyway, to get out of here.
I think they work for the airline, by the way.
I could be wrong.
I think they're illegal aliens.
You know, in the DC, wow.
I got the fever for the flavor of shingles.
I got the fever.
New low fat shingles.
Now with the third-less polydiscentuated monoblutamates and that crap we were trying to sell you a few months ago.
In fact, I can't even believe the FDA let us get away with all the unholy,
some artery clogging crap we're loading into our potato posse.
New low fat shingles.
Lower and fat.
Higher and salt.
Consumer warning.
Some ingredients may erode the coal and small intestine low red dominoe wall and are not biodegradable.
All human waste matter resulting from consensory to this product must be disposed of using industrial grade steel biohazard drones.
Changes of petavit chips are manufactured on the planet cryptond and are not recommended for children.
And speaking of that, how's that Doritos role?
How big are they and are they real?
They're real big.
Yeah, they're real big.
Yeah, you're like the ant.
I'm going to throw it in the back.
I'm going to fan it.
Back it up, baby.
Anyway, AWQM invites you to the about.com QA and celebrity golf tournament presented by Nicolow Beer, Friday, September 24 at Lago Mar Country Club in Plantation.
The portion of the proceeds the Benefit Center one brought to you by QA and Nixigars were smoking perfection to achieve one C guard at a time for more information called 305-650-163.
Don't forget we got the mad dog this week. Hangs on vacation.
5-670-560-050-560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello.
Good meal.
Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
I'm going to Vegas in October.
And I just heard you refer to America West is.
I'm going to go to America West.
I'm going to go to America West.
I'm going to go to America West.
I'm going to go to America West.
I'm going to go to America West.
I'm going to go to America West.
I'm going to go to America West.
I'm going to go to America West.
I'm going to go to America West.
I'm going to go to America West.
Try right now.
I'm going to fly a generations face ahead.
And I'm going to fly a refugee correctly tomorrow.
never again. I guess we got to try it once for ourselves and then we'll find out.
Well, let me know, okay. You got it. Okay. Thanks, Mike. I go on a real strict diet
between now and October if you plan sitting in coach and Adelaide. Although one
one good thing about the Adelaide is that first passing coach are basically the same,
except you got to pay a lot more to set up front unless the BG is knocking out of there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the Adelaide is a pull question today, which would mirror me around the wall,
which is the airline that's worst of all. That's our pull question today.
Another in Southwest, see, I mean, it's very nice here about what a great airline that is
the only problem is they don't go anywhere. That's the problem. They don't go anywhere.
And let me also say this, God bless, air Canada.
Now I appreciate just how good they really are. Even though I'm not too crazy about
their flight times getting out of here with night, but nevertheless, God bless them.
Man, they know how to board the flight. There's no chaos. There's no illegal aliens.
There's no 25 pieces of carry-on luggage. No people having fist fights in a
goddamn aisle to try to get to their seat. Seriously, what I saw there on Friday at
that airport, you could make like a mini movie out of that. It was staggering.
It was shocking. Absolute total and utter chaos. And then they started boarding the flight.
Here's a mobile in dear field B, Chelo.
Yes, me though. Good morning. Yes, sir.
You know, we're in too long ago when you'd fly Delta and American that you thought you were on a real
airline, you'd get good service. Right. And then you start flying and service gets worse.
And you think, oh, this is just a one-time thing. Maybe they had a bad crew on there.
Someone had a bad day. And now it's to the point where all the airlines are the same.
And it doesn't matter who you take, you're still going to get lousy service.
I think you're right. Other than Air Canada, they do a good job if you happen to be going up there somewhere.
But other than that, where do they go?
And the amount of people bring people express airlines back.
At least you know you're going to get crappy service, crappy food, and go close to the office.
Maybe you can imagine you had another chance. You know, at least they had that nice clown on the side of the plane.
You could point a smile on your face before you hit the everglades, you know?
At least people express never crash though. And that was always a plus, although walking out with the other.
Let's bring Eastern back. You know, I used to love Eastern Airlines. It's too bad they had such crappy management.
And they went the way that when Eastern was great.
They used to be great. But I guess they had two good service there for a while and people didn't want to pay for it.
Well, they were used to looking at it.
Well, they're going to pay for it now, man, because you pay for the nose no matter where you go.
It's just they got this monopoly thing going and all these, you know, they give you the propaganda that's supposed to be good for the public.
You know, the fact that they've got a little alliance and you can get all the connections and everything.
All it means is that there's some monopoly now thanks to deregulation and they can charge you whatever they want and get away with it.
And try to use your frequent flyer mile to want to book a career.
Well, they've got a year, 360 blackout dates a year.
Yeah, I mean, if you don't book it three, four months in advance, you get about it. They laugh at you.
Okay, pal. Thanks a lot, Neil.
See you on the, yes, see you on your scooter.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
By the way, there's the thing in USA today. They've got a new report card for the major cities of America.
Most friendly cities for kids, kid-friendly cities.
Number one with an A plus Seattle.
Guess who got a D, okay? How many gets it? It starts with an M and ends with an I.
Yeah, I am. E. M. E. M. E. Yeah, yeah. Got a D.
Wait under by the bottom list, right by Cleveland and Atlanta, by the way.
See that some sent a article about Cleveland. You know, they, how do you like that Cleveland?
They built that Jacob's field, new stadium and everything, which we're supposed to believe is what turned that city around.
And it's still one of the unfriendly cities in America toward kids.
See, one thing about Miami, the work consistent.
We're unfriendly toward everybody. Kids, adults, banana boat people like legitimate real citizens.
We don't care. Old people, young people. We're nasty to them all. We're unfriendly.
It's just a generally unfriendly place. Welcome to Miami folks.
We hate everybody. We don't discriminate. We spread it around.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Got my wife off business traveler flying this morning, American 720 flights from Miami to LA.
Yeah.
And of course, even a first morning flight out of on time, so she was on time.
She called me about 930 from the plane.
Yeah.
She's sitting next to a 7-year-old kid who's flying himself.
The kid's flying either home or back to South Africa is going to be by himself 26 hours on a plane.
Yeah.
And the kid, of course, is going not to be a 7-year-old kid.
How the hell are these people letting these kids fly themselves?
26 hours on a plane for a 7-year-old by himself.
Should these parents be shot?
Yeah.
But it's a little late now. I think maybe that forced sterilization idea, by a mother, there's a classic example for it.
Another thing. How the hell is an airline fly? It's a 5.5 hour flight to LA.
How do they fly a 7-year-old kid with a small plane?
How do they get away with it?
No, no, no. When you say how do they get away with it, what choice have you got?
You get a whatever equipment that shows up there with a gate. That's it. That's what you fly.
Yeah, I mean, you got a choice.
I've been on the America West Vegas. They fly those air buses. Those 320 air buses.
Yeah, but let me say this to you. Air Canada flies the Airbus too, but they're configured in a different way.
I mean, you can have any kind of a plane, but it all depends on how it's configured, whether it's going to be comfortable or not.
The Airbus is their Canada flies, they're configured great.
In first class, you've got all the room in the world. It's real comfortable.
America worst. I don't know if they jammed more seats in there or what they did.
But it's like a tin can.
It is because I'm 6200 pounds on my red eye back. I had a window seat.
I don't know what the kind of guy that could fit on a plane. I sleep on a plane. I'm kind of antsy.
Right. And I had to go to the restroom. You are so, and everybody else is sleeping around you.
You know how hard it is to get at damn window seats.
Yeah. I climb over people.
Yeah, it's like a Chardique. You get wind up with a red eye and a red leg.
Backed home too from the other side.
It's embarrassing. You're going to wake people up and think you're a complete asshole.
Yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Well, good luck.
5'67. I guess the answer is stay home.
5'67.560.560 on the mobile. Drive where? Where am I going to go that I'm going to drive to?
I'll drive you.
Where do I want to go that I'm going to drive to?
First of all, the last time I looked at the map, we're way, way in the deep south.
I don't want to go any place in the deep south.
Okay. That's one of the problems in traveling when you live in Miami.
You're so goddamn far. You're at least an hour and a half away from anywhere even close to civilization.
If you assume that Atlanta is close to civilization, which lately I'm not so sure.
But you're like an hour and a quarter away from there by air.
Could go to Beluxi.
Yeah. Like I said.
I think I'll pass.
El Paso.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two of the things that the airlines are doing.
The first one is although the flight time to New York takes two and a half hours,
they put three in the schedule just so that they can have what they call a non-time.
I was on 1165 out of Kennedy, Miami, on time at 920.
They took a half hour delay and they called it ATC and the ground time coming in.
So the game that they're playing is on.
They're playing into that for years though.
Well, no. In the past about five years ago, they used to actually put the time of the flight.
The block time.
The block times had been all been increased across the United States just to make on time published.
To give the phony idea that they're, you know,
I had doing a better job than they are.
And then they can publish themselves as one, two, or three on the on-time list,
shifted based on the numbers they've added to the schedule.
I don't think there should be any on-time list anymore because it's a thing at the past.
It's a big many imagination. It just didn't happen.
Well, if you'll remember that the Congress had several hearings concerning the airlines,
including Americans, that had people sitting on aircraft six hours trying to blame ATC and weather.
Right.
The actual issue was they knew that there was a delay, but to trap the passengers and not have to give meal service in the airport,
they put them on the plane and sat them on the ramp for five hours and six hours.
Nice.
Those kinds of issues are really service issues that are directly related to deregulation that you're right.
They can do whatever they like because although you have options, they're not palatable.
I'm telling one thing, and let them try to keep me sitting on the ground on a plane for five or six hours.
You think you've seen chaos before, you've seen air rage, you'd really think,
I would force my way out if I had to dig my way through the door and hop out on the runway,
I'd get off that goddamn plane.
Neil, one big thing on that issue though is that the airline and the US Air Marshals and the police can put you in jail without recourse
if you create an incident and don't follow the crew instruction.
Isn't that nice?
That's a big issue because it's almost like IRS.
The IRS, you previously, you were guilty, you had to prove your innocence.
It's the same thing with any activity on an aircraft in which you interfere with the crew once they close the door.
And don't forget.
Please don't say the F-Line.
Yeah, they also got the language police on the planes now too.
Yeah, well I don't think that you can find any airline to be the best airline.
However, international carriers still have the old airline philosophy
so Lufthansa, SAS, Japan Airlines are all doing what you normally think of as good airline service
but very few domestic US are actually providing service.
Amen.
Okay, thanks a lot pal.
Right sir.
So in other words, hop on a plane and go abroad.
Go someplace.
Get that a lot of here.
That's the message.
I think I may try that this week, you know.
56670560.560 on a mobile one line.
He's right, the international carriers, they treat you as a whole different world, different ballgame.
And it's amazing when you're flying somewhere that's 7.5, 8.5, 9.5 hours and you can get there on time.
Sometimes even a few minutes early, over and over again.
I mean just time in and time out.
And yet here, 2.5 hour trips, 3 hour flights can't get there, baby, no matter how much money you're willing to cough up, no matter how much will squeeze out of you.
Oh and by the way, your frequent flyer miles, well here's the good news.
The good news is we're not going to let them expire after 2 minutes like we used to in the past.
But the bad news is now we're going to triple the amount of miles it takes to get like your upgrade or whatever else you're looking for.
And we'll also triple the number of blackout dates just to be a bunch of perks, because we don't really want to give you any goddamn free travel.
This is what it's really all about. It's all a scam.
In theaters now, from the directors of Muppets from Space, it's Muppets from Japan.
Oh, what about that?
Muppets from Japan.
About a clock at 5.60 WQM Hank is on vacation this week without the mad dog.
Through the 6th and then the good news stuff abruptly at that point it gets really grim.
There's a guy, he sucks.
Yeah and he'll be on at 6 till 10th at Kaplan has to follow that.
Let's all say cottage for the Ed Kaplan show for how...
Is that going to go on any more this week, by the way?
Let's see, we got the baseball... oh, that's right.
And look at that on Thursday.
We got the Arizona Diamondback Marlin game from P.P Park.
Let's hear it.
About 30.
Early departure time here on Thursday.
It sounds good to me.
All right.
By the way, you notice when I did the Dolphin San Diego game on Saturday night.
I tried to do the same kind of staccato sound that Jim Farall always does.
That kind of like driven out of a computer voice.
And I think it did a pretty effective job.
Most people thought it was in for...
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
What is that that you're doing?
You're chopping up a goddamn slim Jim to share?
That's not how desperate we are.
I didn't have.
But I didn't have.
Joe will have no problem with that.
Just as long as you don't do it with your feet, with your turret apart with your toes.
Oh, I could see that.
That little toe jam on the edge there.
That would be...
He'd go running out of the room screaming like a child.
Oh, remember, stinking with your mom.
The mature on that...
What is this?
Tom Green tape when he was doing stinky whiskey buttons.
Yeah.
I should tie Joe down and make him watch that.
So anyway, I guess we'll have to start thinking about some Atkins lunch for today.
I mean, some serious Atkins today, boy.
And for the next three or four days, all I...
Yesterday was crap.
All I ate was candy and a bunch of crap and lost two pounds.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Of course, when you got a three hour layover in the airport, you got plenty of time to go...
Make a deposit.
Like, what are the banks every time?
You know, here's another deposit.
There's another one for you.
Here's coconut creek.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's the hanging?
Okay.
I got a story for you.
I got a girl, a stewardess from American Airlines.
Living Sunrise.
A stewardess?
A stewardess, yeah.
And she used to tell me how she used to drop acid before she used to go on the planes.
Yeah.
And not one hit, but multiple hits.
Uh-huh.
And she would tell me that if she party too hard with the other stewardesses the night before,
and if they were late for the plane,
she one time took a frying pan and hit her face with the frying pan,
and came into the airport and being late for the flight.
Well, she was a little fried, so I guess it kind of tied in.
Definitely.
And she claimed to fall in the bathtub.
And that's why she was late, and then she let herself go.
Now let her go.
Let her go.
Okay, well, thanks for the good news.
Okay, so here's another good reason.
You know, there's an old line.
Payback is a bitch, and I think today is today, boys and girls,
all you people at UnAmerican Airlines,
for the tremendous service you're giving the public, not five, six, seven,
oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I will say the sitting in three B, which is the bulkhead seat and first class last night,
is I was coming back.
You get to hear all the conversation up there in the cockpit.
And then the galley, was that what they call it, the galley, Sally.
And before we'd like taken off, all they were talking about this,
I can understand with the guy, the American guy,
because he was a real good looking guy.
But all they were talking about was their sex life.
That's all they were talking about was sex.
Make sure your seat's buckle on anyway, so it was about this bag.
And you know, and it was pretty interesting.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Fly to Seattle twice a year.
Been doing it for 16 years.
I fly Delta.
Delta used to be great.
The last two or three years, it's terrible.
I'm six foot two.
I fly coats because I've got like two kids in my wife.
I can't afford to fly first class.
I don't know how you do it.
I really don't.
I don't want to sound, I'm not being sarcastic when I say that.
But I just don't know how people fly, coach to it.
They've got the seats are done like sardine size.
And in addition, it's six and a half hours flying time.
That's not layover time.
Right.
The other scenario is that it used to be where you could get an hour and a half layover
between that you're flying from Florida to Dallas.
And that should get enough time.
But what they do now is you're in the, you're in, you get away from the jetway.
It's 45 minutes waiting to taxi.
You get to the taxi spot.
You're number nine in line.
So now you're talking an hour and a half.
Oh, and by the way, there's another thing too.
It's taken off on Friday, almost two hours late.
And any other airline I've ever been on, when the captain comes on it says,
flight attendance, prepare for takeoff.
That means you're next in line to take off.
And you're going to be taken off in 30 seconds, maybe a minute.
You know what I'm saying?
I do a lot of flying.
Every time the captain comes on it comes on set, prepare for takeoff.
That means you're going to take off.
Wrong, not an American.
He says this on the Friday.
And we're sitting there and waiting in an agent around.
It was like, I counted nine minutes before we finally took off.
Same thing with landing.
Flight attendance, please prepare for landing.
And they ring the bell in a whole deal.
Does that Friday night?
He rings the bell.
Flight attendance, prepare for landing.
And now it's like another nine-teminence before we finally hit the ground.
Well, to speak.
That's a bad expression to hit the ground.
The other thing is, I talked, because there's so much dog on fly-in time.
I talked to some of the flight attendants.
And for the most part, they're trying to do a good job with a bad situation.
And they said, listen, you folks asked for it.
I said, the seeds are terrible.
The food is absurd.
I said, you know, they got to do better than this.
They go, hey, you guys, this is what you guys wanted.
This is what you guys got.
What does that mean?
That's what they wanted.
I think what it meant was initially the fares went down.
But like you said, a little while ago, after a while, there's no cheap fares anymore.
No way.
They didn't expect the fares.
We can spare the ounce of blood out of your body.
I mean, they just rape you.
It's crazy.
Anyway, keep up the good work.
One shameless request.
Yes, sir.
We haven't heard of the long time, the bridge tender.
Have a great day.
What do you want?
No.
Oh, I guess you wanted.
There you go.
A little taste.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
A search for a real airline, boys and girls here in America.
A search for an airline that actually makes an effort at boarding on time,
getting out of the, wherever you want to go on post-automatic,
somewhere within an hour would be good.
And any success so far?
No.
Anybody called in in an hour and five minutes yet to tell us they actually got somewhere
out time on America sometime in the last five years?
No.
No.
Not yet.
Trying to be fair.
We're probing.
We're searching.
We're waiting.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just want to make a couple of comments on America West.
I fly a couple of times a year to Vegas.
I fly a lot more in Vegas.
And I just got back Friday morning.
Right.
I'm just going to need a little better news.
They upgraded ready to planes.
They bought new air buses.
The first class is much better.
We used to be with that.
Well, I used to hate that first class now.
Oh.
Yeah.
If I, I'll tell you how bad it was before, the way they had the plane configured,
the emergency exit seats in coach were more comfortable than the first class seats.
I really don't fly coach.
I really don't know what coach looks like.
But what I'm trying to tell you is I just got back Friday morning.
The plane was old.
I hated it.
He couldn't move.
I was going up there with a brand new plane, 4.5 hours, get to Vegas.
Yeah.
I used to be there.
I used to be five in the half hour, five in 13 minutes.
But I've been flying with up to 10 years in America West.
And I think they're trying to get better.
So in other words, you're saying they've eliminated the old puddle jumpers?
Yeah.
They're trying to get better.
They're trying to copy our camera right now, too.
Okay.
I'll give it a shot.
So that's what I was trying to make a comment.
America West is getting better.
I always fly continental America with.
I don't like America.
I hate America.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
You can never get out great there.
Okay.
Thank you.
There you go, America West.
So maybe that's what the, because I never, they never flew the ear bus when I flew America.
West it was always those 767s like Martin Scare.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
567, 0560, 0560.
Oh, by the way, did we hear from our friend about that?
No, I can't, Woody, I'm sorry.
You're a good guy with a ponytail.
But my life, I just can't leave my life hanging in that guy's hands, you know?
Wind up again at that horrible place up there in Palm Beach County, the pneumonia palace.
Coral Sky Amphitheater, my ass.
Even a Greeks wouldn't go there.
I'll tell you that right now.
Coral Sky Amphitheater.
Pouring down rain, the wind is blowing.
It's like sitting out in the middle of Houston right now in the middle of a hurricane.
Without an umbrella, without a goddamn jacket, without a goddamn pieces of ran wrap, anything.
Give me some help here, Woody, huh?
Sitting 50 miles away.
Hey, you got any good binoculars?
How about the Mount Palimar Telescope?
Maybe we can see the stage, huh?
No.
No.
Maybe we can see which one is Nick.
Oh, sorry, she'll call again.
She could all psychotic.
He's got more talent and is the little thing.
Nope.
It's 1114 at 560 WTAM.
Inspiration came from getting stoned.
Did you see this story, by the way, it's all over the world now.
I sure hope that the DEA people don't see this story.
And by the way, how about George W?
This hurricane that's going over to Texas now?
You understand what this is all about, don't you?
You get it?
Uh-huh.
God is pissed off, man, at that Koch's Norton governor.
That's what he's pissed off about, this Texas bull crap.
Well, I'm not going to answer the question, and maybe I never stole a freight train, and at least in the last 25 years.
And I was only a child, I was 28.
Since when is 28 a child, by the way?
And how come he's putting people 28 and 25 and 20 and 18 in jail every day for snorting cocaine?
And buying it and owning it and selling it, whatever else they're doing with it?
But he don't want to answer the guy that I'm questioning.
Oh, it is just juicy and lovely to see the shoe on the other foot now.
Poor Bubba would have did you inhale business, you know, we had to go through a big song of dance about that, about the wacky weed.
And now we've got a big song of dance about this guy who just, you know, who stands for absolutely nothing.
Nobody's got any idea where he stands on anything except usually on the wrong side.
But, well, he don't want to answer the question.
But here's the best news of all.
Inspiration came from getting stoned.
The latest astronomer in author Carl Sagan was a secret, but avid marijuana smoker.
Did you know that?
Yaman!
Crediting it with inspiring essays and scientific insight, according to Sagan's Vographer.
Using the pseudonym Mr. Rex Sagan wrote about his pot smoking in an essay published in 1971, a book called Reconsidering Marijuana.
The book's editor, Lester Grinspoon, recently disclosed the secret to Sagan's Vographer, Ki.
What kind of a name is that?
K-E-A-Y?
K-E-A-Y Davidson.
Davidson, a writer for the San Francisco Examiner, revealed the marijuana use in an article published in newspapers magazine on Sunday.
Carl Sagan, a life the book is throughout October.
I find that today a single joint is enough to get me high.
In one movie theater, recently I found I could get high just by inhaling the cannabis smoke, which permeated the theater wrote Sagan,
who authored popular science books such as Cosmos, Contact in the Dragons of Eden.
In the essay, Sagan, who died at age 62 in 1996, said pot inspired some of its intellectual work.
I can remember on one occasion taking a shower with my wife while high, in which I had an idea on the origins and inv-invalidities of racism in terms of Gaussian distribution curves.
Wrote the former Cornell University professor.
I wrote the curves in soap on the shower wall and went to write the idea down.
How do you like that?
Inspired by smoking just one little joint?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Huh? I sure hope he didn't drop the soap, by the way.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless phone.
So the good news is you might be a genius, come up with some wild and great discoveries in theories, magical theories by smoking a wacky weed.
The bad news is he died he was 62.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hi, Neha. How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Good first, I'm cool.
Let's give you a ring about the airlines.
Yes, sir.
The worst one in the world is also apparently the world's favorite airlines.
British Airways.
It's the worst airline ever called.
I hate British Airways.
They should only croak.
They're the ones that stuck me that time in the air.
Coming from Amsterdam to London to come back here and they had fog there and they wouldn't call up to the guy that they engaged to hold the plane for another three or four minutes.
So seven of us were making a connecting flight to get on here.
I run all the way through Heathrow.
I get to the gate. Oh, that plane left two minutes ago.
That's pretty scary for you, man.
The aircraft are great, but it's the flight attendants.
They all think that because they would, because they would, for British Airways, they're all got this attitude.
Is that what it is?
Because I asked her.
I'm right up there.
I said, can you get on your thing there and call ahead of the gate and let them know that there are seven people coming off this Amsterdam flight who have a connection to Miami.
Just hold a flight another four or five minutes and we can all make it.
Oh, no problem. This fog will delay all the flights. You don't have to worry. Guess what? Wrong.
Yep, that's it. And my favorite one, Virgin.
Virgin, yeah.
I love having the Austin Powers on the outside.
Do you know why Virgin also fly the oldest jumbo jet in the world?
They've had a reconditioned, but it's the oldest one in the world.
Yeah.
And it also has downstairs in the gallery. They've got bunks for the flight attendants so they can go and take a nap.
And they also have the cutest flight attendants. I've been down and visited them.
And they also have the masseuse in upper class.
That's it.
That's right.
But my favorite one.
They won't rub you the wrong way. That's the model.
Oh, they will.
If you smile enough of them.
I bet.
Now, my favorite airline used to be World Airways. Do you remember those?
No.
They used to have one class on the whole flight.
There was lots of room. All the flight attendants were great.
You played the sheet. You paid the sheet.
I'm priced for the second.
And everyone was really good. You had lots of room.
It was just an excellent airline, but of course they went belly up.
Yeah. Like all the best ones too.
We're all screwed.
Yeah.
Okay, pal. Valley home.
Okay. Keep it up.
Patah. Cheers.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless light as we continue the search for the perfect marijuana joint.
The search for the perfect airline. The search for something.
Not perfect. Just decent. Just acceptable would be good.
Just reasonable.
Are we getting it?
No.
No.
No, how come at this? Oh, here we go.
17.
17.
17.
17.
17.
17.
What do you say is breathing heavy. I'll get him.
17.
All right.
What about that?
Yeah.
Joey, understand.
Exactly right.
O OFK
laat s.
Fucken, that's what it means to send your kids to college.
All you people out there. You just heard it.
5 6 7-OY50650 and 5 6-E on the AT&T wireless light.
Here's the Mobile and Pompano. Hello.
Mm-hmm.
The group, half of us on here in Jamaica, half of us on American Airlines.
To heading to a range storm leaving Miami.
American Airlines has a policy they don't take off.
It's a safety of the ground crew because of lightning.
American Airlines, my friends are already at the resort.
Three joints they had in me. We're still sitting there.
Five hours into playing on American Airlines.
So in other words, what was the other?
Jamaica Airlines?
Air-German?
Yeah.
With the spell step.
Well nothing's perfect.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, so bring in those clothes but don't get you there on time.
The pitch I have is going to be with Delta.
They have a way of manipulating their on time departures.
We'll have a ground-align Atlanta and like if you're on the Carolina's or in Tennessee.
They'll have you board the aircraft, pull you away from the gate and lead you on a tarmac for three hours.
They might not get you in the fricking air but so long they pull you away from the gate.
On time.
You got it.
That blows.
Take care, buddy.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, so far I don't understand after all this time how come this one guy tells me that America West is flying.
And different planes now.
The Airbus.
Because somebody said it before and I just wasn't really paying that much attention because I never flew no Airbus on America West before.
Now if that's the case and you're still flying on stop and they get you there in less than 25 hours to big is that's not too bad.
But in the old days it was a nightmare.
Even that's what I think what did an Andy Gibb.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the Miami Beach.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to let everybody know that our Metro day police department thought it would work for people over in the public spark and I gave him tickets for having two dark of a window.
Okay, the window tenting police are out today. Excellent.
Yes, sir.
That's about it.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, one last call on the board and then we can take a nice nap.
I need a good nap.
You know, I have to get in home about one o'clock in the morning last night.
Thanks to American Airlines.
Oh, it was a big storm.
Was there big storms here yesterday?
I mean, you could see there had been a lot of rain, but it was like at the end of the world here yesterday.
Not at night.
No, I'm talking about during the daytime.
Not really.
Because the plane was three hours.
The plane that was coming from Miami to Toronto, which is the one that we had away three hours four last night.
Early on like around midday.
There was some showers.
Yeah. That was three hours late.
And then the captain comes on and says, oh, it was a gigantic horrible storms in Miami and the whole airport was tied up.
And you know, and I'm not saying that he made that up or anything, but it just sounded a little fantastic.
Three hour delay.
Like it must have been the end of the world here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line we've come to the end of the line here today.
I do believe boys and girls.
We've come to we've hit a brick wall.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
I'd like to talk Miami hurricane football.
Yeah, good.
Go look in the mirror and talk to yourself.
Okay, asshole.
See what I'm saying?
Hello to talk Miami hurricane.
Nobody cares.
Okay, Jackass.
Get a life.
Get a freaking life.
Grow up.
Here's a mobile Intel Ray B.
Chill out.
Hi.
Hi.
You know, I saw something on 2020 or whatever about, you know, the nut that the gun nut that killed the kids in the Jewish center out in LA.
You know where his gun came from?
Yes, the Seattle police department.
Is that unbelievable?
No.
I mean, why is that unbelievable?
That's what happens to guns.
I mean, they're all over the place.
So, you know, there's this is what happens when you have no meaningful laws.
Nobody wants a registered or gun.
You can register your car.
That's okay.
But God forbid you should have to register a handgun.
I mean, it just, it was, it astounded me.
I mean, because obviously, I mean, the police are huge users of guns.
Yeah.
But they sell them to the people that are shooting at them.
I don't see the logic or rationale there.
I mean, there are laws now.
I hate to break the news to you, but things happen to guns.
All these people who buy guns to protect themselves, the guns get stolen sometimes.
The guns are used in the commission to crimes.
The guns are used to kill people.
I mean, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out when you got 225 million guns in the estimate now running around in the country of 270 million people.
That almost one per person.
Now, just about one for every adult.
Exactly.
But the police department, such gross users, has gone to nothing.
I mean, they use such a large quantity.
Yeah.
It makes such good sense that they would destroy them if they're done with them.
I mean, I just, it's incomprehensible to me that they just say, well, here, go ahead.
Let's put them out on the streets.
And you guys now can shoot at us with our guns.
That's the American fucking wing.
I was, I'm, I don't know.
Did you see the, did you see the letter in the letter to the editor today of a
unsent and all about the guy who wrote, he wrote a really eloquent statement about how a ballpark obviously was.
Yes, I did.
That was great.
That's off to the man.
Yes, sir.
God bless him.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T White House line.
Like I said, this audience ain't of going anywhere.
And the fact that you don't see them, the only one that cares, I guess, they're going to keep doing it to you.
They're keep, keep taking your money.
And because I'm watching the way these people are and they're so submissive now and like a bunch of cattle like sheath, they don't say anything.
So I guess you don't care.
I must be the, I must be just a hard ass, you know.
Spend that kind of money.
Spend thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars every year flying and expect a little bit of service, a little bit of attempt, a little concerned to try to get you from point eight to point B.
And you people don't give a crap.
In addition to which I guess you want to be able to take your goddamn life positions and stick them in there like, you know, like a goddamn locker.
Like one of those places you rent, you know one of those, you, you rent them places where you rent a locker and you put all your goddamn, you know, like when you're moving or something, put about five rooms of furniture in there.
Oh no, I just put it in the overhead here instead.
Why are you airing shit like this?
The concert ended with burning trees playing on stage.
The stage was naked flea.
Chili peppers red hot serene.
There goes woodstock.
Often flame twelve bucks for a fly.
But that's just the people lost.
A burning merchandise.
Was a hell of a standoff.
What stock riot?
Riot upset that they didn't play.
What stock riot?
Riot you could play an onshore gray.
What stock riot?
Riot you started on the last day.
What stock riot?
Riot I hope to still suck on the fruay.
Yeah!
Your tea hind bars.
Investor in cars.
I show that opened up the gold change round.
Ended up with the burning to the ground.
Knocked out your towers to crazy night.
Carson Daley ran for his wife.
I think he's fair to say.
Only some kids ruin the show.
Thanks to this melee.
They forgot the peace and love.
What stock riot?
Riot!
It started on the last day.
What stock riot?
Riot!
Hope to still suck on the fruay.
Yeah!
It's 11.30.2560 WQM.
Here we are in the halls of death.
You can smell it.
You can feel it.
It's a smell of rotten flesh.
That's some floater for you.
I'm going to tell you right now.
This isn't brain surgery.
Any place else in the world.
Somebody comes on a year.
It's got more than five people listening.
And brings this thing up.
And if we'd be smoking here today.
People would be foaming at them up.
Just unleashing.
I heard more stories from the three or four people I talked to in the airport last night waiting.
Then I'm going to hear all morning here today.
What is it that moves and motivates you people in this town?
What is it that gets them off their goddamn dead ass?
Oh, can we talk about her cool football?
No.
No.
God, it's a source of endless astonishment to me.
What a dead ass place this is.
560-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hey, Neil.
I just want to throw my two cents on travel.
This summer I just drove my kids up to Wisconsin.
My wife flew back.
I got one fire ticket.
But I went from Green Bay to Detroit.
Detroit, New York, and then down in the West Palm Beach.
I don't like to watch Jesus Christ.
Exactly.
You know, I don't like to watch Detroit.
Green Bay to Detroit.
Detroit to New York, New York to West Palm.
Next Palm Beach.
Next Palm Beach.
In the airport for over 12 hours, I don't like to fly at all.
My wife takes me to Struggle Field in Green Bay.
630, we get there.
I'm at playing sports.
We have at 720.
I had one beer.
Got on the plane.
I had one beer.
I flew in at Detroit.
And I had a two and a half hour layover that turned into a three hour layover.
When I got in, I actually sat in the old Jerry Cooney.
He sat next to him on the plane over.
Interesting story when the plane started taking off down the runway and getting up into the air.
He pulled out the new testament.
Started reading that.
Anyway, I was in New York from 155 to 730 before I flew in.
And then on the way back, I had a better flight because I was driving the wife and kids back down to West Palm Beach.
I was supposed to fly from West Palm to Detroit.
From Detroit to Green Bay.
On the approach to Detroit, they had so many bad thunderstorms that I had a land anyway in Columbus, Ohio.
And wait there for three hours, take off.
And this is on continental North West.
North West wasn't that bad.
Continental was just very poor.
So I had to make an extra takeoff and landing.
Yeah.
It's a miserable, miserable experience.
So the airports weren't bad.
The bars were okay, but in the airplane, less than the desired.
It'd rather drive.
Okay, but maybe had a good time.
Thanks.
Okay, 56670560, 0560 on a AT&T wireless line.
600 open lines here.
Like I said, we hit a brick wall.
This is not a topic that the South Florida audience has any interest in whatsoever.
Because like I said, most people here don't go anywhere.
Most of them are illegal aliens anyway.
So how do I really go anywhere without a green card of visa or a passport?
Here's Halendale.
Hello.
Yeah, Halendale.
I wanted to say, you know, I used to travel on American Airlines.
But one thing, and this is really incredible too, to imagine that right before the flight,
I was in the parking garage and I was smoking weed.
And then it turned out that the person I was smoking with was a flight attendant.
On American Airlines.
Well, I have to step up from the answer we heard about last hour.
Oh, man.
I mean, come on.
I'm on.
Excellent.
5.670560, 0.560 on the 18T wireless line.
That's probably an American Airlines employee.
No doubt.
You can try to turn it around all you want, folks.
You suck.
Let's face it.
That's the bottom line.
Your service sucks.
Forget about the shadow of the ring on and the festened under glass.
And the guy named Buck Allerange and all of that crap.
Nobody in their right mind gets on an airplane to go a two and a half hour flight
with a suspected gourmet meal.
Okay.
They would like to get there sometime before their life ends.
5.670560, 0.560 on the 18T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that guy was a pilot for American Airlines.
A Merkel S does fly air buses since when?
Well, I've been doing it for two and a half years.
Two and a half years?
Out of Miami.
Yep, direct flight out of Miami.
Well, must be only on certain flights because I never flew an air bus on that airline.
It's the nighttime flight.
It's the 830 at the direct flight.
No matter if fact, some idiot made me check my garment bag because he said there was no room on the plane for it.
Yeah.
So when I get on the plane, of course, guess what?
There's that one around.
But they do suck.
Anyway, have a good one.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, maybe they are at the tree.
I don't know, but they just know they're not configured the same way as the air candidate, three twenties.
And you know, okay, it can be whatever the hell it is, but it all depends on how it's like your house.
It can be just like your next door neighbor's house.
It can be identical.
But that doesn't mean what the crap you got, the furniture and everything inside is all arranged the same way as far as your comfort is concerned.
All depending on how many people they want to jam in there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
22 before noon.
That's what happens when you get a dog.
And 5, 60, WQAM.
Florida sucks.
Wow, it's really hot out.
This sucks.
Did someone say it's really hot out and this sucks?
Yes.
Well, I've got just the thing for you.
Gross.
It's the all new.
Blow brand air conditioner.
Oh, man, what did you eat?
There's nothing like a sweet cool breeze on a hot blustery day, right?
Yeah.
Did you stop doing that, please?
Well, blow brand is for best.
Fine.
Back off.
Can you imagine just one more day of this hot stuff?
No.
Then pick up the phone and call blow brand air conditioning today.
Oh, yeah.
Here, here's the breathless cool away.
Blow brand air conditioning.
Loud and annoying.
But works great.
And it blows.
It's 11.43 at 5.60 WQAM.
Sorry, buddy.
Chuck from the sub center just brought me over.
600 pounds of cold, gotcha.
This should be good for lunch.
We're about two months.
Thanks, Chuck.
Boy, talk about a set of humor.
5.670560, 0560 on the AT.
See it with me, OK?
On American socks.
Let's hear it.
On American blows.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
OK, sir.
You know, I'm amazed that you don't have two million callers today because
you're traveling in such a travel.
And this is the reason they get away with it because they've conditioned people.
I've always said is the American people will accept whatever crappy dish out to them.
I don't know.
You know, in business, we don't have our choice.
We can't wait for three weeks to get a better fare.
Sometimes you just have to make it to a meeting.
So you're paying top dollars.
Right.
They're wondering why there's an airport rage.
Because you get there, you're paying top dollar and somebody screwing around with your life all day long.
Right.
You know, I had a flight that was supposed to be taking off at 130.
Get to the airport.
It's canceled.
Finally, take off at 5.30.
Get to Atlanta.
Jump on the other flight.
Send the airplane for an hour and a half before they cancel it because of mechanical difficulties.
I ended up walking into my house at 130 a.m. in the morning.
And then they have the ball that's sending me a $75 credit check because of my inconvenience.
What a waste.
I nailed it right back to them and said thank you, but no thank you.
Yeah.
I'd tell them we're mistaken.
Get up the ramp.
Okay, pal.
That's it.
Thanks for the good news.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Almost two hours now.
We heard from anybody happy with the American airline.
Huh?
What is wrong with this thing now, all of a sudden it's not working.
Like I said.
No.
No.
Just relax.
Okay, I got my thumb on it.
Here's a mobile in the Miramar.
Hello.
Dale God.
Yes sir.
You see you gave me flashbacks now.
Three years ago I went into a different career.
I don't travel as much anymore, but prior to that for 15 years I get to see the degradation of the airlines as we know it.
And of course, you know, all the good ones are no longer in distance.
You didn't wish by the minute by the start.
The good ones went Mahala, but the ones that are left are a piece of crap.
Of course, America being the worst.
Now, one thing you didn't mention is I think America has the least amount of legroom out of any airline I've ever flown.
I mean, they tried to jam you in there.
I mean, I'm a fairly big guy.
I can't even hardly get my tookus in the seat.
And so then I got smart and I said, all right, I'm going to ride in the, you know, what is it, the escape with the escape with the start.
We have to get the exit.
They get you more legroom there except then the problem is they've got some altercockers in there.
I couldn't lift up this thing to save their life.
I mean, what kind of screening is going on with the people that are in those rooms?
There's supposed to be people that can aid and help you.
Right. That's right.
And the event that I'm going to take out trial, they're not physically able to open it up, then you've got to get your ranch out of there.
Exactly. I've seen them put kids in there and where they have moved them.
But what about the older people, you know, 70, 80-year-old people?
I don't even know what the hell they're alive.
There's that one.
I mean, come on.
But they must have figured out how not, how to be able to give you at least a minute.
I mean, you can't put the tray back.
There's no way you can put the tray back.
Yeah, the thing that I experienced in coach on the Friday was my last experience in coach ever.
I don't care how much I have to pay.
I'll never sit in coach again.
And I was on the aisle.
Okay, I was the lucky one.
Okay, so you got to have any aisle.
So I got on the aisle.
And luckily there was a girl, I'd say about 15 sitting in the middle and a little girl sitting on the end.
It was with another family.
So that wasn't too bad.
But I'm looking at some of these other people.
They wholly are sitting behind me, the roller cross.
He must have weighed 350 easy.
And how the hell the three of them were sitting across beach all out of me.
Right now, I know what about the people, what about these people?
They do not, they must not take a bath.
They come in smelling like chicken soup.
Yeah.
All place stinks.
If you really have to ride in first class.
You just about have to, you know, I mean, it used to be bad.
I used to have to ride by next to me smelling like chicken.
Now it's every Julio and every...
Now even the Goyne.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Get away.
Okay.
Why did you even bring up this thing?
Get by.
That's right.
It's a depressing way to start the week and I apologize.
You're right.
Do I apologize?
No.
No, I've been way.
Because I'm the one guy.
I'll be pissed off and fired up.
If nobody else gives a crap, I do.
I do, I do, I do.
You know what I'm saying?
Here's a mobile in the summarize.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
I'm a frequent fly.
I probably fly about 40 weeks out of the year for my company and all airline suck.
Everyone.
It seems that they make so much money.
They don't care about the public anymore.
You go on these flights just so full.
You can hardly get on, you know, any time.
And it's ridiculous.
They make so much money.
They just don't care.
And in fact, I had a real good experience with Delta.
And I still air.
I'm here.
Okay.
I'm on a mobile.
It's hard to hear.
No pain.
Anyway, I was in, I think, a Charlotte at some place.
And I get a page.
It's 3 o'clock in the morning in the hotel room.
My wife's on a phone and she goes.
I just got a call from Delta.
Your flight in the morning is going to be 45 minutes late.
And I just want to hell they call you at 3 o'clock in the morning for.
Anyway, long story short, I call Delta.
Delta don't care.
They really don't.
What's our policy?
But they woke my wife up at 3 o'clock in the morning.
Oh, well, American.
Listen to this.
I'm coming back from Toronto yesterday.
American Airlines calls my home in plantation and leaves a message on the machine that the
flight is going to be delayed because of whether or whatever.
Now, how in the world am I going to get that message when I'm 1200 miles away from here?
What's the sense of that?
Unbelievable.
I tell you, they have idiots working.
So I think.
And then better than that when I checked in, because when you're flying international, you always
have to check in.
When I checked in, the guy never said anything about the flight being late.
I show him on my passport.
He gives me the ticket.
The boarding is 6 o'clock.
And guess what?
The flight isn't leaving the late 45.
Yes.
Okay, pal, good luck with all.
56670560.560 on the AT&T world.
So what possessed Chuck to bring me 425 pounds of coal cuts today?
Something that he makes those.
Was it something that you said?
What?
Neet he makes those things.
What is it that possessed Neet he gave me 682 pounds of coal cuts here today?
It's that don't cut the meat.
Oh.
So that's our philosophy.
Don't cut the meat.
Just cut the crap.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Yes.
Great.
It was 905 when we took off last night.
Yeah.
And Mr. Renee, the travel agent at the airport.
How are you?
I'm fine.
You'd be glad you weren't a fit in in coach.
Now what role were you in?
I was in 13.
I was a friend with him.
23.
23.
He was back in 23.
At least he was safe anyway.
Thanks God for Ray.
He was safe.
I was worried about him.
He was nice and comfy back there reading his magazine.
Looking at the pictures.
Looking at the pictures.
We had a choice of...
We had a choice of...
Please tell these people I'm not making this story up, okay?
You're not making this story up.
It was a joke last night.
But it was nice and entertaining watching the kids running around being...
Maybe seated by everybody but their parents.
Running up and down that escalator.
Oh yeah, this is another part.
This is another part I forget about.
Okay, here's this three-hour delay.
You got everybody who's going to be on a plane now.
By this time, everybody and their brothers are already sitting in the lounge area waiting to get on the guy to plane.
And all these people of course have little kids.
I think some of them just kidnaped the little kids just so they can bring them into the airport to create chaos and mayhem.
And they're running up and down the moving walkways and the wrong way, you know, backwards and sideways.
And they've got...
Would look like little spear guns or something, okay?
And they're like shooting crap off and hitting people in the leg.
And just no parents around.
Nobody to be seen.
It's just all a little extra attraction.
Let me actually do this.
Now, little blonde-headed girl, almost been about seven to eight running up and forth, back and forth the first class.
Yeah.
Was her mother sitting next to you?
No.
Oh, oh yeah, that one.
Yeah, she was sitting next to me.
Now, that mother, by the way, she looked to me like somebody famous.
Didn't she?
Yeah, she looked like somebody I've seen on television.
And I wasn't going to say there.
I mean, you know, we had a little bit of conversation, but not too much.
I wasn't going to say, who are you?
Aren't you somebody?
You know, I mean, what are you going to say?
Right.
Very attractive.
Very attractive.
Yes, you look very attractive.
Mm-hmm.
I'm putting her kids back in code code, so I'll buy you back there and maybe say that.
In fact, when Ray Winnie came on the planet, I was going to, you know, just pull a little spoof and say, Ray, I'd like you to meet my wife.
I don't think you would have bought it.
No, I don't think so.
Okay, Renee.
Hi, I had a great one.
Good seeing you.
Good to have you made it.
Thank you, good to have you.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T on.
Thank God for meeting those guys, because at least that killed about two and a half hours of time, as we stood there with some raucous conversation in the guide named Airport.
So I didn't have to go over and bother my good close personal friend away with Whitney.
5, 6, 7, 05, well, you know, something to see if somebody would have introduced me to him a long time ago, then I would have gone over and chatted with him, because I would know him.
I don't want to mention any names, George, like your best close personal friend that should have introduced me to him a long time ago.
Somebody that was always giving me a big song that, oh, we're going to have lunch with Dean Jordan.
See, I don't want to have lunch with Dean Jordan.
I would have rather had lunch with Ray Whitney.
Okay, somebody I would like to know as opposed to some putt-wackin goofball who's long gone anyway.
But I don't want to mention no names, okay?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Probably somebody who didn't appreciate some of those great meals that Ruth's Chris as much as he should have.
They stuck.
Okay, well, we did the best we could for you.
Maybe New York Prime will be better.
Huh?
No, I'm not going to mention no name.
They stuck.
But for Chris, 6, how about you know, how about you, and Robbie Needhamari?
I get to buy him lunch five years ago whenever the hell it was.
You know, Robbie Needham here.
I mean, you know, not a bad kid, but Jesus Christ, we know what he's all about.
No heart, no guts, no, uh, no nothing, no production.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Sunrise.
This is Dave.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I got a story for you.
Friday night, I'm coming from Can Thune.
Six thirty flight on American is delayed to 715, right?
Uh-huh, that's not bad for them.
Well, 830 comes around.
They still delayed.
They said the plane hasn't even left Miami yet, right?
Yeah.
945 comes around.
They stuffed people in there.
They said, as soon as we're going in the plane, the, uh, the story just comes on and says,
well, listen, people, if you don't sit down within 15 minutes, we're going to go illegal.
And this plane is not even going to take off.
So after three hours of waiting, you know, they told us that.
Everybody's yelling and everything, you know, and some fat bitch stood as gets off the plane, you know,
and tells everybody, well, I can't work past 10 hours a day.
It's against the Union law, whatever.
Fucking bitch.
So I say we boycott American school, am all right.
Boycott American.
All right.
All right, Neil.
Thank you.
There's another pissed off travel around here.
I'm surprised we haven't heard from 20 or 30,000 of those people already today, although maybe most of those people are lost somewhere and couldn't make it back home.
Maybe that's the problem.
A bunch of deadhead.
A bunch of suckers, man.
You just say, take it, sitting down.
You don't open up your mouth.
And let me say it again.
The longer people do this underneath it, there's going to be a simmering rage.
You mark my word.
And they're going to be an increasing number of really ugly episodes in the airports on the aircraft,
which is a very dangerous and unacceptable thing, but nevertheless, you can only push people so far and abuse them so much before they crack, before they snap.
I can't even begin to imagine.
Remember those thousands and thousands of people wanted pilots when I'm struck with American months ago and all those people in the airport?
Well, guess what? Screw you.
You're a screw.
That's all.
Just have somebody bring your life position to the airport and camp out here for a couple of months, because you're screwed.
You're stuck.
And we don't give a crap.
We got issues to deal with.
And how did you like to shut up the arm, by the way?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line?
How come a big shot like Ray Witton, you're sitting way to hell back there in road 23?
That's what I would like to know.
You people in that organization, you better start taking better care of your superstars.
You know what I'm talking about?
Or you're going to have to deal with me.
You're going to have to come face to push with me.
And then you'll be really sorry.
Play hands, my family, for your father's day.
If you can't get enough of the likes of Dr. Laura, how about this?
Oh, Dr. Radio.
Yeah.
That's right.
It's nothing but those syndicated self-help talksos that help you agonize 24 hours a day.
I'm a police firm at Office at Super-Hol, Dr. Radio.
We knew you'd be excited.
And maybe we'll be doing tonight.
It's Dr. Joy Brown following Dr. Laura.
And Dr. Jersey.
Dr. Will.
Dr. Sue.
Dr. Sue.
Dr. It up.
Dr. Dubel and Dr. Dre.
Dr. Dr. Dr. Hook and Dr. Team.
And wrap it up with foot advice from Dr. Shoal.
Right here on stage.
Where you set off that stupid, old, Dr. Radio.
Hey.
If you think you're already fit of stations who play nothing but music?
Well, you don't know.
Sick.
Cause you're working to put you over the head.
You might have a old, Dr. Radio.
Yeah.
It's a trouble one at 560 WQM.
By the way, speaking of, eh, don't forget,
Jersey, got the 6th atend tonight here on QA.
And we're pretty goddamn embarrassed about it.
It's getting to be a regular thing.
People are like swooning in the hallway when they look at the schedule.
People who ordinarily just take the schedule from bluffing just, eh, whatever.
You know, they're starting to throw it back in his push.
And he's taken it personal, by the way.
5607 0560, pod 560.
Is he taking it personal?
Nope.
That's good.
Cause we'd hate to see him get upset about.
By the way, the flight attendant, the guy that I was talking about that had the wedding band that was from American last night,
the good looking guy.
He's having the surgery, our oral surgery.
He's got a crack too.
I can tell you the whole story because I was sitting right there and he, haha.
I mean, it's not like they're, are we going to get through our time?
I mean, is there any chance we're ever going to land?
No, none of that.
It's always all this, like, who's getting laid?
And I got the oral surgery coming up.
I still would like to know.
And I have an, what a response about it yet from anybody who is or ever was a flight attendant.
What kind of person wants a job like that?
Huh?
I mean, there's a lot of traveling, which I love to travel, but I like to go somewhere and be there for a while.
How do I just get out of, you know, turn around and come back?
Just get the turbulence in the year.
And maybe these are people like to use the puke bag.
I don't know what it is.
They like, maybe they're suicidal.
Who knows?
Maybe they'd like to come face to face with a manatee in the Everglades.
Here's Homestead.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I work for American.
Nobody cares about anything out there, man.
That's the American way.
Yeah.
And I never thought, wait a minute.
I never thought about that.
That's the American fucking way.
And I can mean the airline.
They don't care about the employees, man.
Why are they going to care about their passengers?
Right.
And everything we got is like a dinosaur.
I mean, we're working with Ian Peake equipment.
That's what I hear.
So, and the jet bridges are all big county.
I mean, the airport's going to make megabucks, you know, Mayor Peanus.
Yeah.
And I'm going to wait for that $29 million on the fall start on the expansion project.
That $29 million.
Yep.
But that's just the way it is.
Everybody hates everybody.
And that's, you know, they, and for the other guy saying that he's going to voice out of him,
you can't because they got all the other airlines in a headlock out there at MIA.
Yeah.
I mean, they ran, what was the guy they ran out of there?
A couple years back when American went in there to take over.
They ran Rick Elder out of the airport.
Yeah.
You know, and that's what they did.
It's big business.
It's all a matter of numbers.
Well, thanks for the good news, man.
You got it.
I can have you we break it.
That's what I thought about it.
Okay.
That's the American fucking way.
All right.
So now I understand, huh?
The whole new deal we got out there.
So we had a pilot and we got this guy to work for the airline.
And they both said, you heard those giant sucking sounds.
I think they were trying to tell us something.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line here.
We're still waiting here from a flight attendant.
We're waiting here from somebody who ever landed in the last 20 years on time on an American flight.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Let me tell you why I'm never going to fly American.
Ever again, I get to the airport early.
I'm a big guy.
Want to get that exit row?
Get there real.
Okay, great.
I should have put him on hold, but he probably would have said that again.
Well, he's a little bit worked up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
He said something like, rhymes with another word.
We can't say the begins with a T.
Jesus, God, is there anything we can say anymore?
No.
Maybe it's consent.
We can't.
And he'll be on, by the way, to the sixth this afternoon.
Yeah.
For vacationing, Humper.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
So, on American, I'm flying from for Lauderdale, San Francisco through Dallas.
And we were late leaving Dallas about 30 minutes.
And we're in the cabin ready to go.
And just before they closed the door,
then this store just comes on.
It says, well, no, the pilot comes on.
Ladies and gentlemen, we've got at least 40 minutes on the tarmac
before our wheels up according to the tower.
So, if there are any of you who want to leave the plane and get another flight,
and I'm going to what?
Leave the plane.
And you can do so now because we're about ready to close the door.
So, believe it or not, a bunch of people run off the airplane.
Well, what do you mean?
How are you going to, if there's only 40 minutes, how are you going to run off and get off the plane?
I don't like.
I really don't know.
Unless I'm misunderstood, I've never heard that before.
They get people the option of getting off the plane.
I'm thinking 40 minutes, right?
We're probably going to be out there for four hours.
Anyway, these people leave, they close the door,
they back the plane out on the tarmac,
and we're not there for 40 minutes.
We're there for about five or ten minutes, and we take off.
And I'm thinking, now that is really bizarre.
There you go, an American story.
Beauty.
Otherwise, the flights coming back were,
actually, I might be the first person to say this.
They were pretty much on time.
San Francisco Dallas, Dallas, Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, right.
Yeah, and we didn't get those bistro baggots.
You didn't get the barstroll bag?
No, the barstroll, no.
I don't know if it was food, but it was hot.
It was in a tray.
Anyway, there you go, and have a good one, Zangazone.
Okay, and back to you.
Yeah, but you didn't get that Chateau Breone or the Fest another goose.
I just did a diet soda, please, with the, with that spritine.
And I look at her, a Chateau Breone, okay,
and it looked like two little turds on a plate.
It's what, seriously, that's what it looked like.
And the stewies are saying, because people are asking,
well, how is it cooked?
Oh, it's very, very rare.
Very, very rare.
Very, very lucky.
We're still moving around just a little bit on the plate.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
on a mobile one line.
Here's a, oh, a lady.
Have we had a lady today all day?
No.
No, not one.
You think we'd have stewardesses lined up from here to goddamn Jacksonville,
waiting with stories.
Nothing.
Lady Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, I'm not a stewardess, but I am a lady,
and I apologize if it's noisy.
I just drove into a gigantic rainstorm out here in Weston,
but anyway, well, it may be able to improve it.
A couple years ago, I swore on American Airlines during a strike.
And if you think it's bad when you fly regularly,
you should try to fly during a strike.
Of course, we called because we figured the plate's going to be canceled.
But we were assured that because it was Miami, LaGuardia,
and it was a very important route for them,
the plate was going to proceed as normally using supervisory personnel.
So we went to the airport, we called again,
to verify that, and sure enough,
we got to Miami Airport.
The American terminal was like a ghost town,
but this flight is going to take off.
And it did.
We got on the plane, the flight takes off,
we fly on the ventually, we land in LaGuardia.
I am not kidding you.
When I tell you that we sat on the taxiway in LaGuardia for three and a half hours.
Nobody came out to tell us anything.
All the sources that would say was that out of sympathy
for the striking American workers,
the ground people would not put the flight into the gate.
Three and a half hours were there.
The way to get better, we got on the phone from the plane.
Yeah.
And we called American Airlines to check on the arrival.
We were told our flight had arrived.
Uh-huh.
We told the woman on the plane,
no, we're on the plane.
You got to get us off.
We were screaming and yelling and yelling.
We were told that the call was going to be traced
because it was a federal offense to make a joke about something going on on the plane.
Three and a half hours in New York on the ground until finally somebody got us into a gate
and we got off the plane.
That's the real letter I can wing.
I wrote a letter to Crandall, I think, with the president at the time.
Never got an answer.
Nothing and I've never flown American again.
Good for you.
And just FYI, couple weeks ago, I flew Delta from Cincinnati sitting in road 23
and sitting next to me with Michael Irvin.
So Mr. Whitney is not the only sports person who sits in coach.
22, they all sit in 23, I guess.
And we can move.
And you think Michael Irvin would buy the damn plane.
Okay, thanks, sweetheart.
Bye.
Just say no to American.
That's our model.
No.
Just say no to American.
Love him, Claire.
Come on.
No.
You can do it.
Practice makes perfect.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one.
Yeah, I hope they didn't stick right in the same seat that Michael Irvin was sitting in.
Cut.
A starly fit would say, take it up your ass.
Another whole hum day at the office again?
Well, why don't you lie when things up tonight with Hooker Barbie?
Yes, the people who brought you Mono, Nocleosis Mary are proud to announce this bold addition
to the recreational plastics industry.
With the introduction of new anatomically correct, Hooker Barbie.
I was a little shocked to find out my 60-year-old son was playing with dolls.
But my wife Betsy told me it wasn't an ordinary doll.
Thank goodness it was new life-size Hooker Barbie.
And Jen's look was invited for keys.
It's Barbie's longtime business associate, Huggy Bear.
Yo, where's my money?
That's new, Hooker Barbie.
Available at Fine Art Doll Bookstores everywhere.
Battery's not included, so assembly required, Barbie's friends, Angel and Candy eats sold separately.
All right.
So 15 is 560 WQM, 560-70.
I guess it's like the end of the world out there again and we didn't know because we didn't have any windows.
Too bad.
560-70560.560 on a mobile one line.
And finally, nobody called to confirm or deny yesterday whether we had horrendous rain out by the airport.
And it was shut down and backed up for hours and hours.
I don't want to accuse anybody of lying.
But three hours late, Miami De Toronto is a long, long delay.
You follow what I'm saying?
Long.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
American Airlines story from last night.
Father-in-law is flying in from Chicago.
My wife's got to go down to pick him up.
Calls, you know, to check to make sure the flight's on time.
Finds out it's scheduled to land 20 minutes early.
She calls back again just to make sure, sure enough, it's scheduled to land 20 minutes early.
So she has in the car flies down there, drives around.
The plane did not get into the gate until 40 minutes after the flight was supposed to land.
Yeah.
And it's sat on the tarmac for about an hour while the other plane that was in its gate.
Oh, yeah.
Left.
That's one of their favorite things, Jim.
In fact, sometimes when you're on the plane and looks like you're going to get there 15, 20 minutes early, something like that,
and you get all excited about it, what you don't realize is that when you do land early, they have nowhere to stick you.
So you sit out there on the tarmac and you wait and you wait.
And well, we've talked to the other aircraft, but they're not ready to back out yet.
And so we'll sit here until they're good.
They haven't been ready.
That's exactly what happened.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Have a good one now.
Back to you.
More horror stories.
And like I said, they've got us by the short hairs.
They've got us by the balls.
They keep squeezing tighter and tighter.
And they're just laughing at us.
They don't care.
They don't give a crap.
You want to go somewhere good, then they just pay your money.
And when we're good and ready, we'll get you there.
And if you don't like it, stay home.
Stay home because some other sucker will take your ticket.
And then of course the best part of it is all you got to do is look at them cross-eyed now
and a federal marshal's will be waiting for.
That's why they love publicizing these stories like what was their name?
Patricia or whatever?
The first one was in Boston.
And then the guy that poured the coffee on the guy's head.
That guy was psychotic in Boston.
Yeah, that's why they like to really publicize the story.
Oh, yeah, the federal marshal's the C.I.A., the IRS.
They got them stormtroopers.
They'll be waiting for you when you get off the plane.
So you better just sit there and shut up and be real polite and whatever you do.
Why?
Why?
Yeah, like I said.
And whatever you do.
Please don't pay the effort.
Oh, that was good enough.
Here's plantation. Hello.
All right, Neil.
Hi, how's it going?
All right.
I have another American story.
A few months ago.
Let's deluge them.
Let's bombard them with American stories.
I was going down to Caracas and I left for Miami Airport.
Oh, hey.
And the, uh, to my surprise, the flight left on time, the check-in was a painless and the food was okay.
I was doing my business in Caracas and trying to come back.
And the point is that if you have a flight that's delayed and you're in another country, such as Venezuela,
whatever problem you have is multiplied by a factor of 100.
First of all, you can't get anyone that speaks English.
It gives you a straight answer.
We're waiting, waiting, waiting.
We're supposed to land in Miami.
Now, is that in Caracas or in Miami?
That's in Caracas, leaving from, there was some kind of a problem with the aircraft.
We couldn't get a straight answer.
They had to fly another aircraft in from Dallas.
And then the flight crew was also going to become illegal.
This is another word that one of your other call has mentioned before about being working for a certain number of hours.
And instead of landing at 6 p.m., we landed about 230 in the morning.
And it was, you know, to say, uh, at least a disaster.
But the point I want to make is that I do a fair amount of international traveling.
And just about any non-US, US airlines, their economy class kills any first class of American, Delta, Kiwede, whatever you want to call it.
And the people that don't get a chance to travel on a foreign airline really miss out,
or really cannot see how poor the service is on any US airline.
You know, I draw on the analogy. It's like the thing with guns.
People have never been to a civilized country.
They think that this is the way it is all over the world that everybody's running around blown.
And he said there's brains out and everybody's got guns.
And it's the same thing with airlines.
It's a very good point you make.
If they never fly on international carriers that know how to treat you right and give you comfort,
and get you there sometime within a couple hours when you're spread to get there,
then they think, oh, this is just the way it's got to be and we're conditioned to what, so what can we do?
And we just came back from Europe. We flew louder airlines. I don't know if you ever heard of them.
No.
It's spelled L-A-U-D-A. It's owned by a race car driver from Austria called Nikki Louder.
Yeah.
And, hey, it was a 767 beautiful airline, the food.
We had to fly economy class because we were going with the family, but the food, the service.
Everything was excellent. The only problem was that the smelly Austrian, they forgot the bait during the month of August.
It was all right.
But I would highly recommend that if a person has a choice when flying to another country,
they just try a foreign airline.
Right.
And forget about the frequent flyer miles or whatever perks they get.
They'll, their comfort will well be worth it.
Okay. I'm out of a hurry.
Thank God bless you.
In fact, if you go to England, you might even want to try that Virgin Land,
if you don't have any room for it, try that suckling airlines, okay?
Yes, Virginia, there is a suckling airlines.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and curl springs. Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Good. There is one airline that's always on time.
It's federal express.
It really works well if you're an envelope.
Uh-huh. And that's it.
Or a box.
Or a box.
They really carry boxes. They always get them on time.
They're there by 1030 or they're free.
Valued yet worked pretty good if you wanted to wind up in a box.
They were pretty good.
Have you heard from the forum lady lately?
No.
Oh, okay.
Not too long. Go a couple of weeks, I guess.
I haven't heard her in a long time. I miss her frankly.
She's around.
All right. Well, second my best friend.
The last thing she said was,
Don't take any bulls**t on them.
Have a great day, pal.
Bye.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
As we continue with the horror stories,
just say no to un-American Airlines.
I thought I was only going to do an hour on this today,
but I'm so whipped up and so pissed off about this,
about the subhuman inhumane in the lies they tell,
and the lies in the stories.
Oh, yeah. Well, the aircraft is going to be landing at 10 minutes,
which turned into 25 minutes, by the way.
And of course, it appears to be an airport in Toronto,
depending on which year,
where the, which year runway the plane comes in on.
It's a long, long, long-ass taxi to the goddamn,
especially the Terminal 3 where American Airlines is.
But they just keep stringing anywhere long
and giving you a lot of blue sky crap.
If they bother telling anything at all, that is.
Here's a lady mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I'm another American story.
It's for you.
A lot of us.
Last month my brother and his wife and three kids
were coming from LA,
but they missed their flight check-in by about 10 minutes in LA.
So he had a call, and he said,
look, they're rerouting me to Miami,
but my luggage went to Fort Lauderdale.
So I went to Miami and picked him up,
but it was about three hours later than we planned.
And then we drove to Fort Lauderdale to get his luggage,
and it turned out his flight there had been delayed
at their layover in Dallas,
and his luggage didn't come into one in the morning.
But he did his luggage here,
and then on his way back he was going to his mother-in-law's in Dallas.
But to get there, it was $200 a person more to fly directly to Dallas.
So they were flying to Little Rock and running a car and driving,
but they had to change planes in Dallas to get to Little Rock.
Oh, unbelievable.
And then he said, well, can we just stay in Dallas
once we get there?
They said, no, we'll cancel your return trip to LA if you do that,
because it's 200 more persons to fly directly to Dallas.
Hmm, beauty. Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
Go through it again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hey, Nia, let me try to contain myself this time.
I got to watch my language. I get so worked up.
Okay, well, I had to dump you.
I was, so I get to the airport early,
a couple hours early to get my exit road seats to say it's all filled up.
So I get into plane. I'm already all worked up as it is.
I'm going back to the bathroom.
I, I watched the exit road,
and I see the guy sitting in the exit road,
and the guy has one arm.
Uh-huh.
And I'm waiting there for the exit road.
Let me wear the strong arm.
I don't know, but that's my show.
That's my show.
So then I tell the stewardess,
I said, well, I think this is a problem here.
Three degrees, and the guy in the exit road
was supposed to pick up that 85-pound door on the one arm,
but he was the goodie, seven of peanuts, and the soda.
She wasn't too concerned about it.
So I will never, ever be an American again.
For Christ sake, she's only got one eye.
Ever great day, bro.
Oh, God.
Maybe we can get, you know, like the bandits,
like the pirates, you know, with a patch over the eye.
One arm, one leg.
That's the American way, baby.
5, 6, 7, or 05, 60,
pawn 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Kind of like your handicap, dear line.
Here's four lottery, all hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got to actually a decent story.
I took Delta to...
All right.
I took Delta to New York to Rome,
and then back from Amsterdam through Atlanta.
I got back yesterday.
Yeah.
Not only did we have a great flight, I'm 6'4",
I didn't get an exit road, but I sat on an aisle,
and the stewardess has let me sit in there,
sitting the back that has all the leg room.
They got the leg room in the back.
And they gave us a free bottle on our way out,
the bottle of wine, on our way off the plane.
So I thought, well, it was great.
I thought Amsterdam was great,
and Delta covered back was great.
I thought that was Delta, not American.
Delta, Delta was fine.
Absolutely.
That fine, Ariel.
Maybe they're making a comeback.
I had no problems with them this week.
Beautiful.
Thanks for a good story.
Glad you had a great time.
There you go. Delta, maybe they already win we are.
They've been waiting for a while,
but maybe now they're getting ready.
Now that America has dropped the ball, baby,
you can hear the thud all over the world.
You can hear this big.
They thought it was the earthquake, huh?
And Turkey, no, that was the...
That was small compared to this thud.
How about them finding those people,
by the way, a lot of days after that?
Like six days.
He works in mysterious ways.
Well, how come he let it happen in the first bite?
Wow, see nice, that note.
Don't confuse us with those questions, huh?
They're Muslims.
Yeah.
That's why.
And let me say it again, that hurricane that's blowing in Texas
was because of that white powder
that somebody was snorting into their nose.
That's what it was.
God is real pissed off about that.
Make no mistake about it, okay?
George W.
Talk about Bush League.
Well, in the last 16 minutes,
I haven't done this in the last five years, yeah.
How about a simple yes or no?
Okay, Mr. Coquette, drug addict,
booze, hell, whatever, how your problems were?
I mean, you know, if somebody's going to have his finger on it
and the button too, don't you think maybe we ought to have a right to know?
Even if it was quite a while ago,
if the guy maybe had a little drug problem,
a little bit the...
...sable maybe here and there?
Huh?
Especially since he has no goddamn ideas
and we don't know where he stands on anything,
but nevertheless his name is Bush.
Didn't we get rid of the other bush?
For Christ's sake, she's only got one eye.
I know, I'm just starting to make some sense.
Do you love breakfast cereal?
Do you love beer?
Then you love burios.
The world's first beer-soaked breakfast cereal.
Mine has been never had time to eat breakfast in the morning.
And to get him to even touch me was like pulling teeth,
but now he wouldn't think of starting his day
without three heaping bowl of burios.
And he can't keep his hands off of me.
Have you here yellow away?
Harvey, the kinsle's here.
Burios is available at all fine supermarkets
and liquor stores everywhere.
I used to be depressed.
But with burios, I've got a reason to wake up.
I start each day with a buzz.
Burios, it's oats, it's alcohol, it's fun.
Harvey!
1231 at 560 WQAM.
We got Jim Mann dogman.
Oh, yeah.
Go hang Goldberg at 2 and after that you run your own baby.
Got some good stuff on TV tonight.
What's the name of that show again on Warner Brothers?
Seven Tether.
Seven Tether.
That's only the seven time you're told that it's a small show.
I don't care.
Right.
That's probably a crappy movie too,
Douching Mrs. Dildo, whatever, what is her name?
Tinkel.
Tinkel, tinkel.
Tinkel, tinkel.
That's probably a crappy movie,
but who cares with those people?
And all the who, how lots of T. Molly Ringworm,
you know, when you come right down to it?
But anyway, here's a tape that we get in the mail.
This is bizarre, it's because really marginal movies.
The Blair Witch Projects, Heather Donahue,
was found in Steak & Shake TV ads.
Oi!
How do you like that?
Well, she's cute.
And she's, sorry, not all of two minutes in the movie,
but well anyway, she's the poster girl and female lead in the Blair Witch Project,
chosen by the restaurant's chain advertising agency.
Young Laira Moore is the most credible waitress
as the ongoing series of Grill Guy and Waitress Steak & Shake ads.
And by the way, what's the story with Steak & Shake?
Have we heard any more about the one in plantation now?
So there you go.
Well, you can take this, then you can see whether she's eating the meat or just shaking it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I'm telling you Steak & Shake is the best at showing.
Oh, I see there's a four-myers call on there.
I better mention this.
Uncleaned practices made restaurant diners ill.
Employees at a barbecue restaurant didn't wash their hands thoroughly
and failed to handle food properly,
causing 23 people to get sick from bacteria-laden coal sloth,
a health department to report claimed.
Sonny's real pit barbecue served coal sloth with high levels of fecal-colleiform.
On a July 16th retirement reception report.
Well, I guess if you're retiring, you know, it won't end up doing your job.
Yeah.
Dr. J. Robert South, the health department's epidemiologist,
concluded this report.
The illnesses came from the food provider by the restaurant
because the day after health department officials began receiving calls
from some of the 130 guests who attended that event claiming they were sick.
Cabbage and carrots were not washed before coal sloth preparation.
It says gloves were not used during the coal sloth preparation
and hand washing was not observed.
Sonny's owner, Mickey Wood, said Friday he'd been told the investigation was inconclusive
but the report concluded August 18th that investigators found high levels of
coal-afform bacteria in coal sloth, which would have led to an outbreak of a
diarrhea vomiting.
Febror headache, chills, and cramps without the end.
How do you like that?
Are you people in four mayors?
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. How are you?
Great.
It's been a while since I've called in but just to say, you know, we listen all the time.
We're a transportation company and let me tell you when we pick up passengers for American Airlines.
Imagine this. You call one time. They give you one arrival time.
You call 45 minutes later.
The plane. They show that it has arrived. You get there. The plane's not there.
I mean, you know, we make a living off me, you know, a limousine company.
It's meeting passengers off the planes. And with American, we always have a problem with them.
You know, they can never get their flight information right. You know, we try through the internet.
Even in their computer, they don't know when their own flights have landed or not landed.
That's to me the most frightening part.
Exactly. You know, we try to the internet. We call Volt. We try and speak with a voice.
We try and speak with someone who actually works for American at the terminal.
And, you know, it's just the misinformation.
And we try and make a living off that and try and explain to a passenger that we didn't make.
We didn't greet, you know, oh, it's the airline's fault. They don't care. They look at us.
And we're like, we're the incompetent ones that aren't doing our job.
And, you know, it's just the whole, I mean, it is a real, real big horror story.
Okay, pal.
So thank you very much. And for all the great years we've been listening and, you know, we love you.
Okay, good luck. All right.
You only got five.
Okay. Okay. Getting a lot of verification today and the one guy that had the goods to write, that was on Delta.
Going across the pond, which is good, of course, because when he got 75 million frequent flyer miles on there,
you got to use them on something on Delta.
So maybe going across the pond, that's not such a bad idea.
Here's a mobile and store. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Great.
My American story is flying to Carmel, California, gorgeous spot.
But my return, I called American Airlines and said, would it be possible to drive the San Francisco, meet with family and fly directly out of San Francisco?
And they said, no, I couldn't do that because they would give up my San Francisco Miami leg of my trip.
So I rented a car, went to San Francisco, drove back in the wee hours.
So I could catch my plane from Carmel or Monterey to San Francisco.
I get to the airport and they tell me the plane has been delayed.
But it should still get there and plane a time for my flight from San Francisco to Miami.
Sure.
So they put me on the airplane about two hours late.
We in the little FOP 340 propeller plane.
We fly up to San Francisco and we start circling.
And they say, do the winds.
We have not received clearance to land at close one runway.
Does that about every 15 minutes until finally he comes on saying, wait a minute, we are running low on fuel.
We're going back to Monterey.
Hi!
So I'll be back to Monterey.
Now I've missed my 1233 flight.
Right.
It's put me on a bus.
Now I get there at the three o'clock flight.
Of course I get there at three o'clock and it's two late in my three o'clock flight.
And I sit around the San Francisco airport until it was, let's see, what time was it.
It was late in the evening.
They get me to Dallas.
And when I went to get to Dallas they say, well the plane is going to leave at 1am.
Or it will leave at 12.15.
So they kick us out of the Admos club.
They got a lock the door behind us and the plane is sitting there dark.
And they will, you know, play in the lead.
Yeah.
And they said, well, no, our flight crew is coming out in the next flight.
Yeah, they forgot to tell you you're flying it.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, the next flight wasn't coming into 130.
So we didn't get back to Miami on 2.30 in the afternoon.
All right.
This is usual.
The upper lot of flight coming up at the bomb was one time the board Miami said it was in and landed.
I'm waiting like an idiot of customs.
The other show up.
It took me an hour and 45 minutes to learn the plane had been diverted to Key West.
And they didn't bother telling anybody.
Yeah, they're very big on that.
They don't bother showing you on the board anything and they don't want to tell you anything.
You're just supposed to fight it out by yourself, I guess.
They want you to sit out for the guy that smells too much of the carbon oxide fumes can yell at you for driving around 47,000 times.
Right.
Okay, pal.
Thanks.
Just say no.
Just say no.
That's the bottom line.
And if you're going somewhere that you need to fly that airline, just don't go there.
That's all.
Go someplace else.
Remember, like he said, then Godfather 3.
Love somebody else.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And of course, with an hose like that.
And pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Too bad about that Sophia, you know what?
What is red ending?
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
Should the burritos and don't care?
God's in my underwear.
Ooh, it makes you want to cry.
So know from where it came.
Down the cramps drive you insane.
Ooh, it makes you want to die.
Ooh, should've bought some time.
Because now you got the run.
Die we are, it ain't fun to have you.
Danging in the restroom line.
Eating tacos, that's not so.
You've been need spicy food at once.
24, 5, 50, W.
Greatest T-shirt I've seen in the year, the century.
Kid in Toronto on Young Street with a T-shirt this weekend.
That's in Y2KFU.
Let's start printing those up.
That's a good idea.
Some 50 bucks a pop.
To the employees.
To the health.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You know, the more I think about it,
I try not to think about that.
Because if I allow myself to think about that,
I have the feeling that I'm not going to come into this place again.
Every time I think about the fact that station paraphernalia is being sold
to the people who work here.
I mean, I've worked at some of the schlockiest, some of the cheapest,
some of the most marginal joints you could ever imagine.
And none of them would have ever dreamed of charging the hired full-time help
for station paraphernalia, caps, t-shirts, all of these things.
Wouldn't have dreamed of doing it.
Greg, they would have been embarrassed.
They would have been laughed out of the building by the hired help.
Here's Miami with 16 question marks next to it.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, long time listener, I'm living LA and I'm down here on vacation.
I'm here on my last day with my girlfriend.
And we love your show and I got a shameless request.
Yes, sir.
Can you play the bird?
I got a tape poll and I have to record this thing to take it back to LA.
Do you mean I hate the bird?
Yes.
Please.
Well, how do you know the bird?
Oh, God, I've been listening to you for years, man. I love your show.
Oh.
I wonder how the bird is, by the way.
Well, what is he doing now?
I don't know. He's clinging, hanging on by a thread.
Okay, listen, pal. Have a great life.
Thank you.
Okay.
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610WILD, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
The bird, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything.
Because I can't stand listening to you.
You're starting to like a douchebag.
Do you want to just do me a favor, play anything?
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Well, why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
No, I just want to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God, can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
Oh, play something already.
Why won't you answer my...
I can't stand it.
You won't...
See, he won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Hello.
1246 and 560WILD.
By the way, George, not to be outdone.
You know, he understands what it's all about.
When I'm on vacation, George of course will be filling in.
And one of those show, in fact, I think maybe more than one.
You could do one like it the first day and then the last day before I come back.
Hockey shows.
Now we're talking.
Oh!
Why am they caught on after all these years?
Hockey is the key to the listeners' hearts here in South Florida.
You know what I'm talking about?
Draws them in like a magnet, like a magnet.
Seriously, we got 200 people on this plane last night.
I guarantee you, I'm the old...
Come into Miami.
This isn't a plane that was going to like Guadalajara.
Wasn't going to Anchorage, Alaska.
Come into Miami.
I will guarantee you, I'm the only person who was on that plane who knew who Ray Whitney was.
Oh, it's the bird junior.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, that was a put up.
You asked to call them.
No, he called.
He heard the request.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, plus 5, 60 on the moment.
Rare form today, by the way, birds junior.
Get the honey.
Here's Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been to the new steak and chicken, Boynton.
Yeah.
People are out the door.
You got to wait 15, 20 minutes for a table.
I'll bet.
Unbelievable.
How come we got to wait so long and anywhere down here in Data Broward?
I don't get it.
But that place is so small that could have built it twice in steak and they'd still be doing an excellent...
They didn't realize the tremendous buildup that we already had here for it.
I don't know.
Hey, what's the connection between Mickey Harrison and American Airlines?
I don't know.
Because they got the new arena named the American Airlines.
American Airlines arena, that's right.
They bought the rights to it.
So, you know, something, sir, you just convinced me if there was any doubt which there wasn't,
that put it right over the edge.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
What do you ask, sir?
Yes.
It's a great bumper sticker on Friday.
It said Jesus is coming.
Look busy.
Okay.
Great.
And especially if you live in Texas, but it's a little bit too late.
Okay.
The big blow is going in Texas.
Because Jesus, the Lord, is found out that all that crap has been going on over there.
And he don't care for his 25 years ago or 25 years and two days.
He's not splitting hairs, okay?
When we got a governor over there, it's putting people 20 and 18 and 25 years old in jail for a Coke.
Pepsi ain't so bad.
He said, but Coke, he's pretty pissed off about.
Lying sack of crap.
And now that she was on the other foot, they're all like squirming and hedging and edging.
And it would be, but it will be a, he's an upstanding guy, but he should answer the question.
Yeah, we're waiting.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, good morning, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Yeah, I just want to say that American is the most incompetent airline in the world.
Yeah.
You want to hear something, buddy?
Go ahead.
American operations.
It will call us from Houston.
It will call us from New York.
That's for American operations number in Miami, airport.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Is that, buddy?
Hey, listen, what better place to get the number, man?
We got the numbers, but I mean, don't you think they should have the numbers?
You think so, yeah.
Yeah.
So they're, I guess I'm sorry, I could tell you.
You got time?
I'm listening.
Well, my son was going to Syracuse.
He was flying with a dog.
And we got there early.
And when he got through the counter that told him he'd hit the dog, he'll go on the same flight.
He had to wait for a letter flight, even though he booked it with a dog.
And so they finally put him on the same flight.
Okay, when he got to New York, he's doggy and arriving in New York.
He'll arrive in La Wardia.
So he had to take a taxi to La Wardia.
Get the dog.
And then they couldn't put him on the shot of flight to Syracuse.
Yeah.
So they were going to pay in taxi fare to Syracuse.
So he got a look at his girlfriend, happened to be in the area.
So they got a little bit of a...
Okay, thanks.
Okay, 5.670560, time to put the muskward on next time.
And the pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I just want to relay a story.
It just happened two weeks ago to my stepson.
He was flying American from Fort Lauderdale to New York to Kennedy.
Oh, really?
This flight was a 210 leaving Fort Lauderdale arriving in New York at 430.
They went out on the runway.
They proceeded to stay on the runway.
They said they couldn't take off because of electrical storms in the Jacksonville area.
So they stayed on the runway till 6 o'clock that night.
And they finally decided to take the plane back in.
Let the people get out, make calls, whatever.
They would put him on a flight at 7 o'clock.
He had a flight connection at 1030.
He was going to Borness Erie.
Okay, by the time he got him, he was going from Fort Lauderdale to New York to Borness Erie.
Right, and then from Kennedy to Borness Erie.
His connection was at 1030 from Kennedy to Borness Erie.
He arrived in Kennedy after two o'clock flight in the afternoon, arrived in Kennedy at midnight.
Mrs. Flight to Borness Erie had to wait till 10 o'clock the next day to get the flight to Borness Erie.
In fact, Americans put him in a hotel.
Gave them absolutely nothing.
Nothing.
They didn't even give him a hotel voucher?
They didn't even give him a hotel voucher.
They asked for it and they didn't do anything.
I would sue their ass, man.
That's exactly so.
I just wanted to relay that to you.
So it took him two days to get out of Fort Lauderdale to Borness Erie.
That's the American f***ing way.
Okay, thanks for the good news, pal.
I guess that's a good reason to go to a Miami International.
I'm fly one of the Latin American carriers probably.
One of the ones that actually lands once in a while, if you can find one.
56670560, 560 on a mobile one line.
As the horror stories continue, as American continues losing customers left and right,
it couldn't happen to a more deserving bunch.
Your performance is unacceptable.
You fail the grade.
Maybe the f***ing goose alerage, maybe have been very tasty and delicious,
and the ice cream sundae may have been scrumptious.
But guess what?
Nobody cares.
Here's a mobile and deer field.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Is it true or is it hot hockey?
What is it?
Can we please talk hockey?
Please talk one.
Hockey, for just a second.
About one.
Palm Beach Post-Renon article yesterday about the possibility that the Pamp is going after Yashin.
Have you heard of anything about it?
The Brian Marie just said last week that there's nothing going on,
and he doesn't anticipate anything.
They're not going to spend that kind of money when they're given top-down,
$10 million a year.
I think what you see is what you get, sir, unfortunately.
I think, well, we're what you see is it.
So we have to work with the youngsters in the organization for one more year.
In the organization, but I think about three months into the year,
I think the Marie's may be on a bus to Schoneck-Dee,
and then maybe we'll get a chance, get a reprieve.
Let's do it.
Let's send them to Udigha, that's even worse.
Okay.
How about the Schoneck-Dee, huh?
Schoneck-Dee, Troy and Albany.
$567.0560.
How about Shash?
Good tune.
That sounds good, Brian.
Here's some rise.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you come with a status of clearance for lips?
Will he be in the starting lineup?
Let's go to a mobile, you know, you can keep what those calls from now until the end of time, sir,
and it'll keep you off the street.
That's all I can say for you.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think what you ought to do is take the copy of today's show,
and mail it off to Don Tarty over in the corporate headquarters.
Yeah.
Let him hear what the people got to say,
because the employees don't have any effect on him at all.
Right.
I don't think he cares, though.
I don't think they give a crap.
Well, employees don't.
He's got the EMB people, and he pays people way below what he should be paying.
Yeah.
There's a tremendous employee apathy.
So, as an end result, what you got?
What you got?
Okay, thanks for the uplifting comments.
Yeah, you see even the people that work for the airline.
That's always the tip off right there.
The people that work for them hate them like poison.
They're all unhappy.
Everybody's grumbling and mumbling.
And in the meantime, we're stuck with a follow.
I mean, it would be different if we're talking about somebody that makes,
you know, lunch meets or something like that.
But we're talking about people that stick your ass on a plane
and put you up there 37,000 feet on the air.
And your life is in there, handing it in.
And hopefully, you know, trying to get from one place to another.
And nobody gives a crap.
WQAM, my heavy food barter sales.
It's the water to fill our...
See, the new Star Wars, the Fett of Middice.
Many say it's not as good as the original.
So now, you can see the original Star Wars,
but with a whole new cast.
See George Bush as Darth Vader.
Let's give in to the dark side of the forest.
That way we can roll the galaxy as father and son.
Let me go home, meet your mom, bar.
See Bill Clinton as Luke Skywalker.
I will never give in to the dark side of the forest.
And you are not my father.
For if you were, that would mean layers my sister.
After I saw her and that slave you're laughing.
I thought I found me in new intern.
See Ross Perot as Yoda.
That's your Yoda.
Is Darth Vader Bush my father?
Your father is.
And let me just say, that is real saying.
You have won, messed up family cracker, Ma.
Your favorite movie.
And your favorite camping stars have come together at last.
I think there is good in you yet, Darth Vader Bush.
I set the conflict and I feel your pain.
Let go of your hate.
And be good again.
Can't do that, Luke.
Wouldn't be put in this junkyard.
Not going to that.
Not going to that.
Don't miss camping star wars.
Coming soon to it there, do you?
For Christ's sake, she's only got one eye.
Still don't make it.
It's a one o'clock at 5'60 WQM.
And look at that phone.
Let's take all our calls right now.
Show me, okay, here we go.
Yeah, let's sit around and sniff glue.
What are you saying?
5'607, oh 5'60, it must be two o'clock.
Where's the mad dog?
Has he come in?
Yeah.
Oh, not till two.
I'm telling you, how many times have I said this?
50,000 times in the last couple of weeks?
It just amazes me.
The more I think that I've never seen these things.
And they just keep happening over and over again.
Things that are just inexplicable in this town.
You know what I'm talking about?
All of these things.
Yeah, those things.
Nothing.
Zippity, Zudoff, banished into oblivion.
Because like I've told you before, 50 trillion times,
nobody in this town really gets pissed off about anything.
They got a little excited about the penny sales tax.
50 of them actually got off the restaurant and voted and they all said,
and that was great.
But that's it.
You're dealing in the, in La La land, baby.
Yeah.
The land of indifference, dude, just stick it to us.
Keep sticking it in there, twisting it,
niping it, making us bleed.
We love it.
We're into SNM mostly on the M side.
We love it.
Just amazing to me.
And so I must be, you know something.
I'm convinced I must be a bastard.
I must be a real prick, you know,
because I don't want to tits there in the airport.
And I sit there on a plane.
I'm the one that's steaming inside.
The experience going up there on Friday.
That to me was unacceptable.
It was inhumane.
Sitting there like a cockroach way to help back there in coach.
Surrounded by a bunch of crazy people,
trying to jam 50,000 things into the overhead.
And I, you know, you notice we haven't had any calls about that today.
Because I think most of you people believe that's the way it's supposed to be.
One or two pieces of carry on.
That to you means no more than 10.
See, I must be spicking a wrong language.
That's what that means.
What it says, one or two pieces max carry on.
That means no more than 20 pieces is what it means.
No more than 90% of your total life belongings can fit on this plane.
Crazy people.
Here's a mobile in Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, now how are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I was in a mandatron after you were showing off Friday.
Yeah.
And I asked him how he felt about, you know, having the new guy come in and help you out with the play by plane.
He kind of just laughed at me.
You, you know, named him kind of said,
I thought you were really going to go in and do the play by plane.
How young is two youngs?
Yeah.
Did you get to happen to hear what a mandatron said when he was talking?
Paul, he said, uh, said, they'll guy, I like your tight end.
No, I didn't hear that.
We'll have to snip that out.
Oh, you got to get that.
You got to get that.
You got to get that.
You got to get that.
You got to get that.
You got to get that.
Really funny.
Hey, and closing.
He'll be here at two, by the way, Paul.
Got a heavy duty mad dog this week.
Hey, and closing.
And closing.
Will you fudge back in?
Okay.
That seems to be their favorite because.
Will you fudge back in?
Well, we already found that out last year.
Better not say it again because it'll be another 35 grand.
Thank you.
And guess what, Tom Jekyll still hasn't discovered that story.
I've gone, Tom.
Baldi.
It's just amazing.
I guess they all threw their radios out.
You know, the two-biddy watchin' those exciting packs and shows on TV.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Great.
Another American airline, Tara Story.
Great.
Hi, Pylemon, baby.
I flew to Vegas and they asked me to get off the plane if I, you know, they give me a $300
voucher.
So I said, what the heck?
The plane isn't going to leave on time anyway.
So I'm on as well.
I got off the plane.
I ended up only getting in 10 minutes after the plane I would have originally been on.
So I had a $300 voucher.
I'm looking to use to go up north.
I call them up.
They don't go anywhere.
The only places they go are either Texas or Chicago.
And it's just a horror trying to get into the hot fit.
I finally decided to heck with the vouchers and I'm going to go US scare.
At least I can get into the town I want to get into.
Another thing, going back to the police department.
I used to live up in New Hampshire and Amherst, New Hampshire.
I moved up there right around the holidays.
I put up all these holiday lights and the Santa Claus and everything.
The next thing I look out the window and there's a police car in my driver with the blue lights on.
I go down there.
The guy started showing me these town laws that I am not that allowed to put up colored lights in the town of Amherst, New Hampshire.
And they had over 200 complaints from the town.
So I was forced to take down the lights but I thought it was a little ridiculous.
You have to have only white lights and a white candle in each window.
How do you like that?
You want to talk about Nazis?
Yeah, what about if you got like out on the porch you got those yellow lights to kill the bugs in the summertime?
I guess those are not good.
I don't think you can have that neither.
The other thing is that if you want a police, if you want to get a carry pistol permit, you go down there and seven days later,
if you are not a fellow and they'll come and personally deliver you the permit for a three year license for eight dollars.
All right.
It's incredible but you can't have colored lights.
Thanks for the good news pal.
Thank you very much.
Either in other words, anybody can get a gun in New Hampshire.
But if you want colored lights baby, how about if you want to put a red light out there?
Oh no, but I'm not through that.
It must be the end of the world outside and we're just oblivious to it because I mean, I'll know how can it be our small,
this is still working fine.
I'm trying to drum off excuses for these people.
I can't find any.
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey Neil.
Mayor DeGaile, I've been there for nine years.
Very proud to work for the company.
All the bad story you hear, you'll hear a thousand better ones.
So all the people that are calling and saying that American Airlines sucks,
you guys are the ones that suck Neil.
So in other words, we just made it up, is that it?
Well, you know what, you're one person compared to the millions and millions of fly American Airlines.
How about all these other people that called in there?
They're just making it up?
I know.
You know what, just to be on your show, everybody just call just a state.
Okay, great.
I knew we'd have to dump them sooner or later and you just dispute it out.
Okay.
Well, we're happy that you're proud to work for American Airlines for the last nine years.
Probably can't get hired on by anybody else.
Because we've had several American employees, or at least so they claim that they would call.
And not one of them had anything good to say about the company they're working for,
which sounds just like you're a QAAM by the way.
Sounds like a Beasley read company.
In other words, we'll take the money thank you, but other than that,
there's not too much good we can say.
We're pretty embarrassed.
And I've said, blame the masses out there, sir.
It's Neil Rogers and his bull crap audience.
They're the ones who are just saying this to make me happy.
They're just making up all of these stories.
You're a crazy person, sir.
I hope to tell you certainly not working up there in a year on any flights that I might be on.
Of course, in the future won't be on that airline.
So we don't have to worry about that.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I fly 35 to 40 weeks here.
Yeah.
I'm on every all kinds of different airlines.
Here's a box out in the middle of desert that could put two thirds of them on,
it would all be better off.
But my outlook on flying is, it's just got to be safe.
If I feel it safe and they've done the right thing, when you fly for a living for business
and a living, you can't look at it like a pleasure trip.
But they, I was on a flight just last Friday coming back from any apples on Delta.
And according to all of the planes, then told us there was no pilot.
He was coming in on another plane and would have to sit on the plane and wait till a pilot arrives.
And now or later the pilot arrives.
And then they take off.
We get into Atlanta.
Atlanta, Atlanta.
The real load and tell us the transfer, that's not there yet.
You'll be there in about 15 minutes.
So we set on the airplane again for the same reason, that the pilot wasn't in.
But if time we got out to the tarmac, there were 40 planes in front of us.
We were doing a half, two and a half hours inside of Atlanta.
Who are you putting, this was Atlanta.
In Atlanta.
It started in the middle of the year.
Another good reason all you folks out there don't ever fly to Atlanta if you can help it.
It's a great airport to stay away from.
I fly probably 70,000 miles or more a year and it's the worst transfer for the United States.
If you just invariably they'll move you from one terminal to another.
It's like they say, oh, he's coming down.
He's coming in terminal.
That's what he'll over and see.
They're together in the other.
Exactly.
They do it every time.
But most the airlines on the average are fairly good.
Most the employees on the airplane are fairly good.
But the scheduling system they use is antiquated.
They never going to work.
They just never learned how to do it right.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
Good luck.
5.670, what do you say?
5.670, 5.670, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's 109 to QA.
It's the evil in the erogier show.
I just come on and make these things up.
Just to stir the public up.
Okay, because I'm a bad guy.
I'm evil.
I make up stories.
I'm a melt content.
I'm a craft disturbor.
Okay, just ask that goofball I called two calls ago.
He'll tell you.
Take a look in the mirror.
Okay, sir.
Take a look at all those people that were psychotic and hate your airline like poison after
that pilot walk out a several months ago.
People are ready to kill themselves or somebody else because nobody gave a crap about them.
You're a bastard.
Oh, it's too hot.
Too hot.
Too hot.
Too hot.
They're hot.
Why did they condition them?
And you got it, ma'am.
Here's a key to summer time when they get too hot.
And you need really for what you need.
They ain't got another star.
It's going to be like this one whole clock.
I live the depth of spend the whole day.
Look to full and they're condition.
I'm 100 degrees.
They're more in the shade of the day.
I'm sorry, I'll have.
I'm afraid they can rest the experience that you take to get some stuff.
I'm a senior walking around.
It happens just in the past.
I'm fast and fast.
If I can cut it, throw a sword.
And throw it down and sweat and fuck it.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm talking to God.
I'm talking to God.
I'm the text you want to talk to for your bags.
Move out.
It's not what a plan is to do this.
What I did here, I'm fine with this.
I can't sing anymore.
This is a family day.
I'm a neighbor.
I'm a neighbor.
I'm a neighbor.
I'm a dress ball.
Sporting over the roof.
It's too hot.
Too hot.
Too hot.
Too hot.
Stay there.
Find a day of condition.
And you got it, ma'am.
115 is 560 WQI.
I am less is where we're going.
Somewhere.
I'm just emin a fog.
Here's my any.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I got to tell you about Southwest Airlines.
They canceled the flight out of Tampa to come down to Miami.
They said, don't worry.
Just call our customer service and we'll take care of it.
I called that 1,800-iFly-SWA.
He told me their customer service number was a long distance number.
I called that and he put me on hold for an hour and a half before I finally had enough.
But I thought those were supposed to be the good guys.
I thought they were the ones that had it down pad.
They're supposed to.
But after an hour and a half on speakerphone and about $12 in my phone bill,
I said, you know, I have enough of these people.
It's just unacceptable.
Okay, I guess the stay home is the answer.
We came up with the answer today.
Stay home.
Okay. And of course, the solution to that is whatever you do, they call Miami.
There's one more good reason not to be living here because if you're going to have to stay home,
this is not where you want to call home.
One less.
567-0560, 05-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Unless you like to ban anabot song.
Maybe you do.
Work for Harry Belafonte.
Here's the lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Okay.
Well, you know, I usually fly to Jamaica and I've flown on American Airlines and nothing too
terrible, but it's not pleasant at all.
On the other hand, that is...
Well, what does that mean?
Not too pleasant at all.
Well, the attendance, I mean, you know, you could be dying for they pay attention to you.
Yeah.
No, I don't want any attention.
I would just like to, you know, board the plane somewhere close to where I expect to and get to where I'm going sometime
closer and just get a safe flight.
That's all.
I don't want any fancy food.
I don't want them to come and pamper me.
That's all I'm asking.
Very simple.
Well, that was to be helpful if I got an a seat belt extender that I needed.
That has to do with safety.
A seat belt extender?
Yeah.
Well, when you're bigger and you're...
Well, bigger than what?
Bigger than a house?
Bigger than a house, you mean?
Oh, yeah.
But I've also flown on air Jamaican.
Well, that's kind of like way down on the plane.
I mean, like, don't they have to like offload some of the luggage then?
Maybe so.
I've also flown on air Jamaican.
No, that's one by a third world country.
And they managed to get off on time.
And they did have air conditioning that worked.
Yeah.
And flight attendant.
Not to mention the pre-reign when you see two, yeah.
So, I mean, the difference.
It's American should be better, but it's not.
Yeah.
Okay, well listen to that.
Yeah.
Carry on luggage.
I can't believe carry on luggage, especially people in Miami.
They've got to move their whole house at once.
Especially if they are going to Jamaica.
I mean, stop the private drinks.
Okay, I think your phone just got caught between two folds there.
Okay.
567...what?
Well, you could hear it.
You could hear it like that suffocating sound.
I think the phone got stuck in there between two gigantic folds.
567...
Oh, 560.
Who's some white honey?
Come on.
Seat belt extender, I mean.
Let's get serious.
Have you ever heard of that?
A seat belt extender?
How...I mean, how about Al Goldstein?
You think that he could sit the seat belt around him.
I never thought about that before, huh?
Must be.
Although maybe in Alice case what he does is he gets...
He gets the vice two seats and then he takes the middle part
of the seat belts out and just you know what I'm talking about?
Just ties the two straps together from the side.
Loose some white sweetheart and maybe we can get an excavator
over there to get that phone out.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
And Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, listen, I want to thank you for the last couple weeks of entertainment.
I'm going to go back to work tomorrow, but you recommended that book,
Sailor the God, I just finished reading it.
Yeah.
That's one of the greatest books.
It's got to be one of the greatest books of all time.
Yes, it is.
Even though James B. Davis, the religious nut, religion editor of the Sunsettler
reviewed it and said it was full of crap at a wasted time,
that means we know it's great.
I mean, what's so scary is the people that actually,
the people that take care of the Bible literally,
I mean this guy just makes everything, everything against that.
I mean, I don't have to put it, but it's so logical.
Yeah, very simple.
Nothing complicated about it, right?
Exactly.
So anyway, thanks again.
And seeing a couple months when I get off again to listen to you.
All right, have a great life.
Okay.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Alkalino.
Yes, sir.
First of all, that lady shouldn't go by plane, she should go by barge.
How do you like that?
She wanted to see Paul Extender.
Another thing with Neil, I got two quick stories that make the other story
seem insignificant for American Airlines.
Yeah.
One was in July out of flight from Miami to Puerto Prince.
The woman had an asthma attack.
We were at a gain hold due to a hydraulic problem,
which should have worn me personally on the plane.
The woman wanted to cardiac arrest on the plane.
They kept on saying, I think it's okay.
Yeah.
I'm helping to chest compressions on her.
Next thing I look at her, she did.
She didn't.
It wouldn't remove her.
It took two and a half hours.
In the meantime, a passenger in the back of the plane,
another Haitian woman has a heart attack and dies also.
Hi.
American turns around to me and we go, we'd like to give you a couple of bottles of wine for your health.
Yeah.
And this is the airline, I used to fly them two million miles a year.
And this airline has no compassion, no regard for its passengers at all anymore.
Two on the same plane, huh?
Two on the same plane, and then two weeks ago coming back from the war,
a young lady had a seizure, and she pleaded with them.
The seizure, the government, she pleaded for glass of water,
and her medication was avoided.
They said, we're sorry, we're taxing no beverage or a lot of these serves.
We're all out of seizure, we have to get back to the gate.
We ended up sitting at the gate for additional three hours until we had the paramedics
of New York City come a day before.
Well, that water is getting pretty expensive, you know?
Yeah, news.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Take care, pal.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You believe that thing about the two on the same plane?
You believe it?
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
No, I don't believe it, Neil.
I know.
The kind of a full-o-crab, I think, is disgruntled employee material.
Yeah.
I was just trying to make that other guy happy to hear the employee.
That's the guy that he was making his crap up.
It was a nice game of one-upmanship.
Listen, Neil, there's two things I love to do is one is fly,
and two is eat good chocolate.
And I think the death knell of American Airlines was when they stopped,
every time you used to get on a plane, they'd give you a little three pack of truffles.
I don't know if you remember this.
No.
But they used to give you the most delicious wonderful truffles that I've ever had.
No, but I do remember the big, very warm chocolate chip cookies
they used to get for dessert all the time.
They don't give any of that anymore, Neil.
And I think that that was the thing about the American Airlines that really kissed the death.
As far as Atlanta is concerned, there's one thing about Atlanta that Atlanta can both
better than Miami better than most other than...
They packed all the chocolates away for rainy day.
Were you fudge packing?
Yeah.
I think as far as Atlanta goes, Neil, Marda is so convenient.
They have a little train.
You know what I mean?
It links very nicely with the bus systems, and it'll take you right there to the front of the terminal.
You take a little train.
It's beautiful.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
What does that mean?
Marda is like their public transportation.
No, that's not what we're talking about.
You don't get out of public transportation when you're changing planes in the city.
We're not talking about that.
We're talking about the airport.
I understand that, but that's part of the functionality of the airport.
It's the flow of people through the airport.
To me, that's something that I really look at.
Dallas-Fore Worth is huge.
And on the other hand, they got those little transit holidays in the actual airport.
Yeah, but I've never been number 42 for takeoff in Dallas and for Worth.
I mean, you know, I guarantee it's a big and congested airport, but I've never been number 175 for a takeoff in Dallas.
I mean, that sounds ridiculous.
I mean, I'm just going to be number 42.
I'm just going to be number 42.
I'm going to be number 42.
Thank you very much.
Here's Volker Brian who of course can't afford to fly.
So he's real happy about the whole thing.
Now that his buddy Tom Chauvin is making those discs up in the sky.
I don't have to worry about going up there anymore.
Let's go to a crawl spring.
Hello.
New, my God.
Queen.
Yes.
Hey, man.
Hey, DC Bay FFA.
You know what?
Let me tell you up in Washington, DC.
WJFK, they've got an ad for Jerry Sub.
And the guy comes in and he says,
I'm under orders from the most powerful man in Washington.
And the other guy says, who's that?
Janet Reno?
And.
Yeah. Well, that was well.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the week material, okay?
Woo!
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
That's why we're glad we're not in Washington.
I'll tell you that pal right now.
Radio is not the only thing that stinks up there,
but boy, it's right near the front of the list.
Here's a mobile invoke.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got another horror story for airlines.
Going through Atlanta.
Yeah.
I get bumped off a two flights time to get to Northfoot.
So I grew up to a little bedcoat guy who works for Delta.
All he tells me to do yourself a favor, get out of the land.
Because you ain't got to get any help here.
That was the help I got.
Ended up my destination of full 72 hours later.
Three days it took me to get to Northfoot,
grew into whole family vacation.
All right.
So I'm going to call Delta Airlines sucks.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay.
And I'm sure they give a crap too, believe me.
They're a crime crocodile tears right now.
See, I get five weeks of a year of vacation.
And if somebody should screw up my vacation I guarantee I'm going to position to say,
well, guess what?
Didn't work out this time.
I'm going to make up for it.
Some other replaced on the road.
And so, okay, whatever you say.
But most of you poor bastards out there that have to work for a living.
And don't get five or six or 85 weeks of vacation a year.
You can't afford the luxury having some stupid half-assed airlines
screw up your vacation for you.
Because once it's gone, it's history.
It's audio.
It's kissing goodbye.
As they would say in a Marlon game.
And Bob Prince ate too happy about it, by the way.
Here's the mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
And how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just want to say, I fly America all the time.
Like, I notice a huge difference between the way they treat you in international flights and national flights.
When you're going over to Europe, it's a good airline.
They treat you good, give you nice meals, three U.
As much as you want.
They take good care of you.
South America is the same thing.
But nationally, they blow.
And one more thing, Joseph Gackie.
What the hell is he doing on your station?
Because he blows, too.
There you go.
It's going around, pal.
A lot of blowing going around.
And don't forget what we always say in a radio business, okay?
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Joseph Gackie.
No, that.
And he'll be on from 6th to 10 tonight.
Did I get barbecue again?
Did I get barbecue?
Huh.
I'm sorry.
They're a little bit too much inflection that time.
Was I barbecue?
That's more like it.
Seriously, how can you be on this radio station?
I mean, I realize this is a make-believe operation here.
I do understand that there was like radio in a vacuum here on the show.
But that can't possibly be.
And at Greg Reed, things that he's a broadcast,
Joseph Gackie that he's obsessed with.
That's what they were telling me this morning,
and this morning in a hallway.
We were having a really good bit session out there in a hall.
Don't take any bullshit on him.
Oh, yeah.
Look at my butt.
I'm such a beautiful singer.
All the guys they want me.
From the old to the teenager.
I am hot, I have to say.
Being real good, my acting's okay.
God, I'm so good.
I have a chance with this beautiful singer.
I got so trived, you might.
And a body like you show.
I'm welcome.
With my thoughts and creamy sides.
How to keep you never known.
No.
To see me.
Is to want me.
Gotta have your type of me.
My driver's tax with me.
You see me all over MTV.
Now that is 40 years.
I know you want me.
You got it.
Beautiful singer.
That's the lesson part.
You're not there.
You're sitting on a wing.
You know, you're in 5 6 7 0 5.
I know I'm in good shape because Book of Brian just came in.
he so got into press that field of matter how long ahead of a flight life is
sweet baby
you always feel a lot better after about thirty seconds with boka brine
here's hollywood hello
hey nil hi to great
and i fly about fifteen times a year
and i don't have too much of a problem
uh... i tried to avoid you know that well
i tried to avoid friday sunday and monday
because everybody wants to fly on friday sunday and monday
and uh... if you do fly on friday sunday and monday that that
the flights are all jam packed the service things the food things everything
things
if you go other degree with that is this only seems to be a epidemic for
portions in last couple years it's starting to escalate like in the last
six months the we were getting worse rapidly
yeah but if the the airlines
the airlines pushed through more passengers in those three days and they do
any other for
those are the big travel days
also about short delays airlines want to tell you that delay is going to be
fifteen minutes a half hour
so you don't go to the competition fly on their airline
you can use your ticket to fly on another airline
as long as they have to be developed i'll give you an example doubtful word
that's a hub for delta and american
if if a flight is delayed on delta you go right over to american and get on
their flight
and that's the end of it
you know that they tell you the short delays
and so to
stop you from the school along and yeah and
and the other thing is if you can fly you fly often i know that you have to do
your homework
you have to know how many seats are available on the plane how empty your full
the plane is
any time you find peak period eight a.m. to five p.m. forget it everybody wants to
fly
no but basically what you're saying is that if you in another words if you're
retired
which most of us are what i'm saying most people can't afford to like travel
in the middle of the week and then just pick off times uh... you know what you
got to have to put up with the bull shot
if if you're going to fly time time it's as simple as that if you're going to
fly off periods or you're going to fly off days you have no problem whatsoever
well you're you're just accepting it i don't accept that it's not a question
i'm not an internet well it is a question i have to change my schedule
and what it to make my connection let me say it again on international flights
and i fly to your five times a year you don't encounter anywhere near the same
number of problems very very rare that's true well why is that well what you're
flying on a Friday is not a line of p.m. times there's not as many passengers
flying in a national and there's not as many airlines you know you talked about
course there are as many airlines flying international
no not not not not all your your your domestic flying international
no but how about all the how about all the international airlines that don't fly
domestic that's true to allotalia k.l.m. wolf ponsa i could go to
i could go to
allotalia coach there's a wheelchair huh they have code shares with airlines in this
country that'll fly a further in other words it allotalia drops you with jfk
you could pick up with their code share to go out to san francisco or whatever you want
to go and it works the other way around too you can come from iA.N.A.N.A.N.A.N.
domestic area and get on allotag in New York and go to white lee that's exactly
true but htn national isn't no you know i can't accept your philosophy sir i
i i'm glad that you're one of those easy people and you're willing to sacrifice
you know when you want to fly and where what time you're going to go and uh do
all of what do you call homework i'm sorry the kind of money that i pay to fly
i'm i'm willing to accept that i'm not willing to join your fraternity of
will roll over and play dead for you and stick it to us not not this kid
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 it's just like this business of overbooking over you know what that's
like it's like when jimmy uh jim and tanny fey jim baker was overselling condominiums that didn't
exist he went to jail for it because it's called fraud and selling seats on an airplane that they
don't have is also fraud even though well we have all these last minute people that don't
talk too bad that's your problem overbooking should be illegal it should be against the law
and again the public gets sucked into this you know more than once in my life i've gotten
on a plane and discovered that i had a boarding pass for seat 22b or whatever it was and somebody
else had a boarding pass for the same god damn seat and then i'll then get on the pa begging
and pleading over overbooked would you please look give you a three hundred dollars
they always started some low ball figure two hundred dollars three hundred dollars will give you
five hundred dollars withdrawing a car will give you a stock in the airline whatever it takes
because we sold something that doesn't exist we have a hundred and eighty seats on this plane
we sold 200 seats because our track record our computer shows us that 20 people stiffness
every now and you know something too bad that's your problem not it shouldn't be the uh customers
problem fraud is what that is so thank you so much u.s. government for deregulation baby you've
really made it into a picnic for all of us thank you here's sunrise hello hello yes sir
hey how you doing Neil great hey listen i used to work for the airlines first of all right i'll
tell you what the captain's in a flight of tennis they're the ones making money okay the ground
people are making much number one management never backs you up i used to try to get people from
taking four bags on the plane you know like you were saying before never got backed up
that management just let them down with four bags of bags that are the size of an arm or something
like that see that that's another big difference between international flights oh somebody just
chopped him off between international flights and domestic flights try doing that on an international
flight sometime slip in the half a dozen bags they'll say oh sorry you have to check those there's
not a china mints chance in hell they'll let you put all that crap on the plane but for some reason
domestic flights oh sure you got 27 bags no problem just to stick them under the seat stick
them on the overhead anywhere you can stick it okay what happened that guy i think he just got
the deep six oh bokeh brine load on the gun first five six seven oh bokeh late five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line the most depressing man on the face of the
year if you're in a really a foul mood if you feel like the world is against you just have bokeh
it's back that would be a great way for you to make your answer next you're living cheer everybody up
by showing them how much worse your life is than theirs even if they're dying of some horrible
terminal illness you can do a little like you know what are your little arts and flowers routine
and they're right by their bedside i bet you they'll feel great about it they'll say oh my god
the pain is so great but you know something i must be a lot better off and i thought i was
because look at him
bokeh brine by the half hour by the minute it might take only 30 seconds for you to put that
gun to your head and end it all for maybe it is then if we're eighty wrong from men
you can punch him and the groin and strip the hair off his chest and skill he snores
hello i'm bernie co-pell and i'm barely alive but i don't snore and here's why when we go to sleep
my wife always carries her anti snore gun not only is it easy for her to use but it's very effective too
and here's why just one quick pull of the trigger and you'll sleep snore free all night long
if you have a loved one that snores use the anti snore gun just with the NRA order to order
yours that's pretty cool video call the NRA at 1-800-A American way
145-670-560-560 on the 18t wireless line what's the number on that one by the way because this
guy thinks you know he's got a little number going here this idiot over and over and over again
which not it's not even annoying just pathetic sir pathetic
here's bokeh hello
hello and you hang on one second sir what is it 9-6-8 what the 5-6-1-3076
5-6-1 yeah 9-6-8 yeah
3076 okay so maybe somebody want to call up and talk juvenile sports with his asshole
okay with his 51 liners with stupid Lauren Phillips and the young gator you're an idiot
you're a moron you're typical of the sports jerks that call us radio station 20 hours
a day 5-6-1-9-6-8-3076 call him up and keep him busy okay here's bokeh hello hello
yes sir sorry about that no problem I'm sure to let you know that call other that calls about
I don't know a couple phone calls ago that work for American he's full of crap I've been working
for American for nine years and I can tell you 90 percent of the employees hate the company they
love their job they love what they do yeah but they hate the company and it reflects
some what they do well I said that at the beginning of the show today I you know because I feel
bad because I know there are a lot of people at work hard and that you know try their
and damnedest to do a good job and serve the public but it's a hopeless cause with this outfit
yeah no and the the boarding process they uh I thought what they've done they've ruined it by
boarding by categories and just just saying basically you know what the system they use in
America which is advantage gold or platinum or whatever other metal that they have that day
they they want to board those people first and everybody in Miami classifies it in an advantage
gold platinum or whatever when they started finally boarding the plane on the Friday uh
an hour and some late uh everybody I thought to myself see everybody in this plane must be in
first class because there is seven zillion people all rushing in and the two people that were
you know taking the tickets were overwhelmed they didn't know what they'll do that's the thing to
board first class first people that need assistance people that's the way that's the way
the real airlines do it well but not not in America and in America since they want to make everybody
feel important or whatever it's a free for all and it's horrible it is horrible and I've been working
there for nine years I'm a flight attendant and I uh been seeing it worse and worse and worse and
worse everyday so I couldn't agree with you more Neil. Oh good luck pal. Alrighty hang in there. Take
care okay. How do you like that? Yeah we've had several people who claim you know and again these
calls are anonymous who the hell knows uh who's uh real and who's not but who claim to work for
American today and all the excepted the one guy who wants you know wants to blame everybody else
point the blest of the thing who were blame at me and these horrible people in the audience because
obviously we're all making these stories up what the hell do we want we expect to get there on
time or somewhere close what's wrong with us especially paying those great bargain rate five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Halondale hello. Hey Neil. Yes
sir I wanted you to tell you that I agree with you in that overbooking thing yeah one time I was
on the airplane and I was um they uh they said I can visit the cockpit if I wanted to so I went
up there and I was I was going to them talking and they were talking about all the you know the
things that they talk about and I just heard over heard one of them saying about um they're
talking about your show actually uh huh and one of the guys is better than I was going you know what
that guy's such a great okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
that was that was especially good that's why I let him go all the way through with it that was
really good here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir I have a story for you I just I
just got off a plane less than an hour ago from you about from New York to Miami and I had the
unfortunate mistake of flying on tower tower air tower air yeah okay flying up there we left on
Friday I've seen I've seen their big seven forty sevens but I don't know what that is what what
kind of an airline is that it's a piece of shot yeah okay um we actually we were supposed to leave
at a Fort Lauderdale to forty five on Friday some guys shoot themselves in the terminal on traffic
is backed up completely for yeah okay so what would you get a shot himself in the terminal what is
that guys shot himself in the head in the terminal yeah so like the cops were out there couldn't get
by or anything okay we get there we get up to the line and they start taking our name down they
said well you got here late we can't guarantee you're gonna get the flight so we're standing there
right online right up at the counter okay they're least giving his seat yeah right they take the
guy from right behind us and they say that's it the flight's full you have to you you're not getting
on the flight you know they took that one person behind us that was it so they said they overbooked
the flight okay seven forty seven the seat this plane holds five hundred people so I go up to the
manager and by this time this woman screaming they got the cops out there after her we're talking
to the manager that's just like there's nothing I can do for you you miss the flight you were late
okay I talked to the guy the guy didn't want to hear anything he says he's gonna get us on a
flight out of Miami at seven o'clock so and he said he's gonna do a securitacy and not charge us
for the fear difference okay yeah so I start flipping out of the guy we end up driving down to my
army okay we get to my army we start talking to the guy I'm like look you guys bumped us because
you oversold the flight he says no that's not true we didn't oversold the flight you got
there late okay we told the guy would happen he's like there's nothing I can do for you that's
for a lot of those problems not mine okay so I'm talking to the guy he gets us on the plane we get
our boarding passes and everything and the guys arguing with us because here are cars in Miami now
we're asking the flight back into Miami he says no I have to charge you the fear difference to fly
into Miami well how much could the fear difference be well it's not even a question of that they
bumped us off the flight yeah okay so the flight ended up taking off at like close to 345
which was an hour late and we're sitting here on the flight we get onto the plane in Miami we're
waiting on the plane we're supposed to leave at seven pm okay 725 we're still waiting the captain
comes on ladies and gentlemen we're waiting for some late passengers so we're sitting there in Miami
waiting for late passengers when they bumped us off the flight because we've supposedly got
to put a lot of L.A. okay so ridiculous so we're flying in today and we're sitting in New York we
get there and we hear the flight attendant come back and she says they booked this guy they put
this guy in a seat that doesn't exist so it's like row one seat H and there is the seat H and
row one okay well maybe you can sit in the cockpit with that other guy 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
on the 18 and I think these I think the acid that they were talking about before I think they
must be sharing it with some of the passengers 151 at 560 in fact maybe this guy can get that
dog that got lost on the way to Syracuse in Oniata somewhere and they can all sit back in cargo
and have a good time with it
