Cut all that hyperbool, guys.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM, Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the NEO Rod.
What's the initial that one in the back?
The NEO called 567 0560 toll free for date and rally.
Count 560 on yourself, all the opinions of NEO, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily rod-cast group.
Now, NEO Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The NEO is a very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good, very good
You want to die? Oh, you should have bought some some, because now you've got the money.
Die a rea, you need fun to have your dancing in the restroom line.
Eating sassos, salsa, salsa. Human eat mighty foods and ones.
Penal 3 at 5.60 W.D. Q.M. Happy Tuesday.
To you, Trump getting support in Miami, baby.
Oh!
It appeared for the Donald man. Donald Trump was considering
making a run for the presidency as expressed as strong this like for Cuban President
and for the castro so that makes a more friendly mind based to american national
foundation
the powerful anti-castle lobbying group
c a n f is invited trump to visit mind on monday
we'll hold a news conference of tender reception
i can't
drive the our man they like it pretty good
alright
so anyway what is the hyper bowl
that i wrote a call right toward the end of the uh... worst team this morning you
hear that
you heard it
and he said well you know he's talking about marino and he would know
this other crap that keeps going on because naturally in this town
uh... they're very big on it you know putting everybody down the matter what
they've done for him and so i said well hyper bowl goes on
h-y-p-e-r-b-o-l-e
the hyper bowl goes on nice going ira
ira's
well a little off his feet these days i guess because he's here in the
and that's what it is one of the local
by the way there's some real desperate desperate people over there in that
macarena
this thing with the first team discount on the panther tickets for tomorrow night
and all around the league by the way they do and stuff like this even in
Montreal
where they'd be lucky to win five more games the rest of the season with a
little league team
they've been averaging a thousand empty tickets a game so they got a section
that they've got they're doing like two four runs in that section
in those like upper nose bleeds in the moulson center
just like to do in tapetoo for once only there they're doing it for the whole stadium
the whole arena
and i would have the first team discount we got all the hockey people on the show
right there you go we get another ten or twenty people in the tomorrow worry
terry i didn't hear the terry murder performances morning
with the worst team but evidently
uh... he made quite a story quite a alibi i mean quite a story there about
pavel burry
and he said his thing is sticking right out straight to the side and his uh...
finger to his pinky
he's pinky is sticking out straight to the side kind of like a lot kajafu
remember when he picked up the teakup and his finger was sticking off to the side
what does that tell you about a guy like pavel burry and all those rumors from
Vancouver that when he picks up the teakup his finger sticks off to the side
like those fruit cakes in a lot kajafu
maybe that's why he's so fragile
maybe that might have something to do with it
but anyway to the in wednesday only today and tomorrow
before the game tomorrow night that is would be a good idea you can call nine
what is it nine five four that's the brower number eight three five puck
and you ask the for the first in discount
five dollars and sixty cents off on each ticket purchase for the panthers
and land a thrash
into our night at the macarena
we're gonna have a crowd there tomorrow and we're gonna pack that place tomorrow
they're gonna be packet it no f and a baby
it's gonna be desperate
desperation
I have a feeling that we could do about seven thousand people tomorrow night
I mean the attendance will say whatever the season ticket is what is it twelve
thirteen thousand something like that
so that's what they'll say the attendance is because that's the way they do it
but I'm talking about actual asses and seats tomorrow night
and let me say it again
kids are off from school on Thursday there are absolutely no excuses
but you can't really chastise people too much anymore because you see this
all over the sports world
spectator sports as we used to know it you know the people the families the
fans the young people the old people
going and going to ballpark it's pretty much your dying out it's a dying breed
you see all these great new arenas and I just mentioned this in passing again
john Henry you see all these expensive new arenas that they built these fancy
places all over North America
in Los Angeles in Boston all over the place
and you watch on TV you flip around on your little dish there
and you see these huge huge chunks
of empty seats all over the place
yeah matter how many millions they spent washing in this example
they built that brand new what is there's the mci centers that what what do they
call that thing
they got I don't know this may what you call it is empty is what you call it
because they're doing like eleven twelve thousand people again
so you can keep wasting the public's money but the fact that it is
you price people out and they find other things to do like
bass fishing out there you go
you know this this story to me
this is so amazing thank you fat boy by the way do you do something here soon
or later
before you leave
fat boy brings me this I missed it very jackass in a herald must be why I
missed it his name is on there I have like an allergy or wait till I tell
her about my eating binge by the way
oh yeah
I had a eating binge yesterday that would make you
hair grow on your back home and any other part in your body
stress eating that that's what it is
stress
I have a book by the way called the secrets of serotonin
what you know serotonin is like the pleasure centers of your brain
and you feel better when you go out and take out on these refined carbohydrates
like ice cream
yeah
because we're addicted to these things in the you know
and by the way can you buy all trip to fan in this country now is it still
illegal find out from somebody maybe
because that's what you're supposed to take
to take away those desires for those carbohydrates when you're under stress
when you're psychotic as I was when I looked here yesterday
but we'll get back to that
fishing ratings tied a breeder's cup rating
you people that were making fun of bad fishing yesterday
I hate to break the news to you
it's big
it's really big
on speaking a big jokas tellers getting bigger for two big for zone bridges
he is everywhere not only will he in the booster be doing an auto racing show
and as far as your six to ten p.m. on the station Friday night
but tonight he's going to be on TV on some comcast cable
uh... thing
where is it
comcast cable which is for water down channel three
channel three on comcast cable for water down
so all seventeen of you people at the pick up channel a comcast whatever it is
eight p.m.
at eight p.m. tonight
there'll be a lovely jokas teller on their talking about auto racing
a real sport where occasionally somebody gets killed
the kind of sport we like
yeah or these breaks the leg
pinky finger
off to the side
and pavel's doctor by the way without sick and cancel all the support
that that the best
his doctor was out sick yesterday pavel
cancel all his appointments so the visual is rescheduled for today i mean what's
the hurry you know
there's no rush
all we want to come back yet certainly a couple back tomorrow anyway
but even if he could why would you want to come back in front of an empty
arena
when you come back Saturday night against buffle will he be back to the
saber game no
nine minutes after ten at five sixty wqa mp
i got the fever for the flavor of shingle
new little touching now with a third-less polydiscent related monoblutamation
that crap we're trying to sell you a few months ago
and back i can't believe the fda let us get away with all the unwholesome
artery clogging crep were loading into our potato puppies new low fat
shingles lower and fat higher insult
consumer warning some ingredients may erode the coal and smell and test and
lower abdominal wall and not by a degree of all even waste matter resulting
from consumption of this product must be disposed of using industrial
grade steel biohazard runs
to the two-chitzerman effect on the plan of crypto and a night recommended
for
that
at fourteen and five sixty wqa mp
thanks to my good close personal friend Randy getinger
in four-letter al thank you Randy whoever you are
since me a belated birthday get better late than ever though this is a
beautiful it's an austin sculpture of a hockey golly
and it's uh... just a heavy it's a big beautiful thing
not any particular gorgeous the generic i
all
it's a heavy goddamn thing thanks randy
god bless you sir
see we got a few nice people in the town not too many
just enough that i would say like what about ten
you got south alcoa with our sole water we got the joe was only from uh...
raw office apply
we got our folks that bring us all the free food which we have time to mention
all of them
and uh... we got this guy here and he good guy got the uh... half of the
people sent me a birthday card
another net
uh... they're pretty crappy here
no seriously there are few people that are very nice to
and then you discover that most of the rest of people don't give a crap
about anybody but themselves
uh... so i get a thing about my eating binge yesterday in the reasons for it
it's a mobile west palm hello
any i got a question or maybe an observation with this pop out very
uh... this one the point of my keen and then Vancouver isn't that one is
problem started in van koova
and i wonder if this baby attitude of his every that every other day
getting a little injury had something to do with it not getting along with
keen and i don't know what all of my can ask him okay
call my keen and put a call in the last
was shaving
fishing ratings type readers cup here we go
this is remember what i told you about the whole ice cream how many years of
i've been screaming about that
and see people disagree with me on whatever it is they'll call it and say
well a majority of the people believe you know
as if i'm and that's gonna impress me does it impress me not in the least
the majority of people are assholes
sort of i give a crap
majority of people are got taste in their
correct them
open to the whole ice cream is the most popular flavor in the world great you
eat the vanilla
i'll have the god damn stuff that tastes
i'll have the rocky road in the fish food okay
you can take your vanilla ice cream and uh...
might be kind of tasty
fast fishing
i'm gonna tell you something i'd rather watch
eighteen holes a golf
played by death dumb and blind people
for twenty hours
then watch bass fishing on television
see this is just like all fits the same thing
for the same thing
fishing i grew up and we had a my family was in the fishing tackle business
on candidate will make
fishing we had a boat used to go out fishing all the time get those travel
hooks deep in the fish and throw it's great you know you told me a yank
and then what do you care the thing is we're going around you know care it's
cause we're humans in her just a little help us fish
we're having a good time at a boy
what's wrong with it that hook way down in the throat of the fish i mean it's
kind of a nuisance you hope that you just hope it get in the lift you know
simple out really
but if not you just pull in the ankle that that make you know
but it's so it's fine if you want to do it it's like off go out and get
some exercise go have twenty or thirty beers with the guys go have a good
time
but into a sit and watch somebody else do it
in the rating surprise of the weekend foxes bass fishing tournament
sunday
produced the same big market rating as Saturday's breeder's cup on NBC
although that should come as no surprise because horse racing is generally a
dead sport anyway
in spite of what some people on the station are trying to pedal to you it's a
dead sport
all look at all the people we had a costume yeah look at the four thousand
people you had a call to begin yesterday after all the hoopla were off okay
that's a big big big event
all the hype all the hoopla the top jockies the top trainers the top horses
it's a once a year kind of a thing and they have a big big promotional thing
that goes to put that together and they get all those people out there they
handle ninety three million dollars on it and it's a big and then the next day
it's right back to business is usual
i mean anybody who wants to be honest as much as i love harness racing i mean
it's a dying sport
at least in the u.s. it's still going pretty strong up there in canada
they still draw a lot of money up there but in the u.s. it's a dying sport
thoroughbred racing really a dying sport
look at the attendance of calder day in and day out thirty two hundred thirty
four hundred and the joke
because the the official not-os of horse racing and most per mutual
are old old
boy they're a dying and vanishing breed old
boy and the people involved in horse racing have the
so little to promote and anything intelligent to get younger people involved
for example who do they have out there again
fallen floats Gary Puckett union gap all these bird out washed out
sixties and seventies groups that nobody ever in the right mind wants to see
again
and they've been doing this in golfstream highly a calder they've been doing this
for years
does that bring young people out no
does it bring anybody out maybe ten people
who's going to go out to a race track to see Gary Puckett i have you know
five i'm thinking about going out there i'll just say something rhymes with
Gary Puckett
and i just won't go
to die at the death board
kind of like the show look at that again today
we were done were finished but i don't care doesn't bother me i'll continue
taking the money
not seriously i'll just continue taking the money i understand that this town is
pickle just like you told me before about the the Schwarzenegger Dan marino
they all hate him like poison
no i think we ought to find out today well i mean i'm sick and tired of hearing
about him and he wouldn't jimmy and all this other boring crap it's terminal
but why did the Schwarzenegger Dan marino are they jealous of his lips
are they suspicious of him because they look at those strange joker lips and i
think oh well maybe he got like uh... some martian blood number something like
that because you know dark people are very big in the lips that's the first
thing they look at
leaving out a guy in the steeler's name louis lips remember him
yeah
lips very big with a kid did somebody on the lip black people in the lips
don't give me no lip boy but anyway in forty seven of the nation's largest
markets both telecast meaning the foxes bass fishing and the breeders cup
average the two point five overnight rating last year's breeder's cup had a
two point eight overnight rating
the fishing show the first live event of its kind of a major non-cable network
produced a higher rating the foxes national hockey league package last season
one point seven national ratings will be available thursday
the reigning came in the ballpark we expected to box books man louis uh...
durmillo will take a look at the project and see if there's anything in the
future he said
in my before lottery i'll thank god the breeder's cup i'll rate the fishing
three point three to one point four one local ratings point equals fourteen
thousand some on home the fishing had its highest rating in say louis
six point four data six point four rating in say louis the best fishing show
on fox
the breeder's cup had its highest rating in louis four point four but of course
louis can't keep church you'll bounce can't keep your be horse country
et cetera and so on so that makes a lot of sense uh...
past fishing
did this tell you how board the american public is
uh...
their board craftless man
and fishing
they outdo by a wide margin at a two point five the n hl package and fox
hit a one point seven
the world's most exciting sport i'm not going to sit here and try to start
on hockey i know what a great sport it is
and most of you are going all yeah right it's just uh... you know
it's bullcrap
walk around ice whatever that one asshole says all the time
yeah
and as far as your national football league is concerned
last night there's another classic example i went to bed it was half time was
seventeen of in dollars one of the most ponderous at half time in a sort of
had my mind is eighteen yards passing in the game because uh... uh...
jeth jordan got sacked twice
minus eighteen yards passing
i wake up this morning i turn on the tv there's the score Minnesota twenty
seven dollars seventeen
they got a got kick and field goals for dallas who was five out of eleven
going in he missed two he made a third one that i saw just barely inside the
upright
this guy could have been kicking for a goddamn college team fifteen years ago
he's in the national football league now
it's crap
and we are these people are calling this radio station arguing back and forth
with all their hyper bowl
but but but but but but but but but but it's talking about craft you're talking
about kaka you want to elevate it to a level because you're so god damn board
that quite frankly it probably rather watch bus fishing
that watched somebody so called nftl games
it's kaka it's garbage because it's diluted its watered down
it's watered out let me ask you this if they played eighty two games the
season national football league
licken hockey
they're forty one home games how many people you think they'd be drawing
per game
Not that many boys and girls, not that many.
Eight.
Lousy.
Regular season home game.
That's all they play.
That's all they play.
Eight.
And by the way, it was nippin' tuck pretty late then at the Sunday game,
but there was going to be televised or not, that's often a Titan game,
that Titanic struggle.
That was nippin' tuck for a team that's leading the league.
So you can keep, you know, it's like the nail ice game.
You can keep telling yourself, oh, this is really great.
It's crap, it's mediocrity.
And this is how desperate the public is now.
Bass fishing.
Ties the breeder's cup.
And even if you don't like horse racing, I mean the breeder's cup is like,
you know, it's a major event.
It's a happening, you know.
It's the best horses in the world.
There's millions of dollars at stake.
It's pretty exciting.
They present it pretty well.
You know, they make a big production out of it.
You got Tom Durkin air makes their every race exciting.
The greatest race color in the world.
I mean, what do you want?
No, no, we'd rather watch the bass fishing, okay?
We want to see those fish wiggle around when they get caught, you know, in rides and pain.
I mean, what way else could you, what would you want to watch it for?
I guarantee you that not one person will call here today.
And admit, yeah, I could have put the period there.
Now, one person will call here today an admit to watching the bass fishing.
Just when I told you that, not one.
I better do the break because it's going to take me a long time to talk about my eating binge yesterday.
And what I tell you when the last thing I said when I was on my way out of here,
what was I going to go get?
Snickers, king size.
Snickers bar.
Or at the convenience store around the corner there, the whatever those illegal aliens,
very nice people, by the way, whatever third world country they're from, very nice folks.
Or next to Chuck's in the sub center.
Great folks.
They got in one thing.
It's a real handy zip on in there.
No problem at all.
Candy, ice cream bars, all kinds of Drek, whatever Drek you want, man, they got it.
And that was only the beginning.
25 after 10 at 5.60 WQA.
I got to keep your shots straight here.
In killers now, from the makers of Nicoderm, the creators of Wonder Bra and Fruit of the Lume underwear.
It's a revolutionary new underwear for men that lifts.
Stubber eight pushes up.
Out and largest the ball minimizes friction and corrosion and helps you quit smoking.
It's Wonderware for men.
Makes me look more masculine and I'm done only two packs of them.
Hey, that chick's are back.
I look mine so much I haven't taken it off for a whole week.
I wear two pair at the same time in my boyfriend, Bruce.
He just goes absolutely nuts.
He's just totally bonkers.
I was a heavy smoker, synodges where three pairs of Wonderware and I was able to quit cold turkey.
Oh, and my girlfriend's convinced I'm hungry like a tea rag.
They all knew Wonderware.
From Nicoderm, Wonder Bra and Fruit of the Lume and coming soon, the Viagra Derm Jock Strap.
And 30 at 5.60 WQA.
And here's the facts.
It says, what do you think of this kid?
No more Celtic.
No more Celtic.
Right, and we don't know rhymes with home always that what that is.
Uh-huh.
Oh, it's just amazing.
And Terry Murray, you wonder why you have to knock $5.60.
You have to have a first team special to try to get some asses in the seat for the Atlanta thrashers tomorrow.
I say if Gary Beppman could just keep expanding, we get 60 teams by next year.
Then nobody ever heard of the Geneva Generals.
Yeah, the Ishtboming Indians.
It's wrong with that.
The YN.Wayners.
Weeners.
Yeah, every town in America, 10,000 people are working at a professional sports team.
And then we'll all say, she, how come the rate of interest in this?
It's a great rivalry, huh?
It's a really great rivalry.
By the way, you're having a thing is it tonight.
They're having a piece on Channel 10 sniff your way through.
Why sure?
Hope so.
I got to come up with something.
I got to find some way.
Yeah, sniff your way through.
Have these new things that you sniff.
They smell like pizza.
I don't know.
Like lipstick things.
And you just roll them out.
You just open them up a little bit.
You sniff little pizza, little chocolate, something like that.
Whatever it might be.
Sniff your way through.
Instead eating.
I left here yesterday after one of the worst for, I mean, you know, say one of the worst.
There's so many.
There's so many of these days.
In fact, the only thing I think that keeps me going is when I think back everything being relative.
They're not really much worse than any other day when you come right down to it.
Maybe just in terms of quantity.
But in terms of quality.
In fact, remember the guy called a couple of weeks ago and he said, hey, Neil, how do you consider a great call?
My answer should have been, I'll let you know what I get one.
That would have been a good answer.
What do you consider a good call?
I'll let you know what I get one, sir, if that happens this year.
Well, we only got a month and a half to go.
So after four hours of real psychosis.
And you see, I'm one of those people that eats.
I'm not, you know, I'm not a pig.
I don't really pig out that much anymore.
My life, I've had those days when I was gigantic.
But I had the carbohydrate addiction.
And boy, when I get stressed out, what do I do?
I rush for the carbohydrates.
This is an embarrassing story.
But hey, I have no problem telling you because a lot of you can relate to it.
Made my pit stop for my king size Snickers bar, which took me as far as the turn pike.
Which is only like a mile and a half up the road, whatever it is.
And I thought to myself, God, that was a good start.
And not just, of course, that stimulates your appetite to be far and carbohydrates.
That's how it works.
Now, I'm really starving.
And so I get to my favorite mobile station in the world.
They're flamingo in 595.
And I go in there and I gas up.
And of course, after finishing gasping up, I go inside.
And I get me, I was going to get a fish stick, Ben and Jerry's fish food bar.
But instead of the fish stick, I notice now that I got Jerry Garcia bar has been in Jerry's.
And I said to myself, all right.
And I got one of those.
And of course, ate that completely before I got home, which is like another mile and a half up the road.
Then about 630 last night, I'm sitting there watching Dan rather than I thought to myself, you know, that was a good start.
But I'm still very depressed.
Especially about that show yesterday.
And usually to show it to a clock I walk out the door makes no difference.
But I was extraordinarily depressed.
And so I ran over to publics.
Public spread ice cream, by the way, is pretty good.
They ever had public brandy?
Huh? No?
I don't need a lot of ice cream.
It'll make you fat.
Oh, how boring.
So anyway, I went over to publics and got, that's called turtle caramel, kippel-fudge explosion.
What's something like that?
Chunk.
There's always like a chunk at the end.
That's how it comes out too in chunks.
And half a gallon.
Well, there were only seller stuff in half a gallon.
And I would say conservative estimate.
There's still some in there.
It's amazing because it's sickeningly sweet.
You know, one of those ice cream that's real, real, real sweet, real creamy.
I would say conservative that had a quart.
Now this is coming just a few days after I got to my doctor, which I mentioned yesterday.
By the way, my cholesterol is higher than it's been in years, 255 by LDL cholesterol,
which is the bad stuff, is higher than it's ever been, 190.
And the HDL, which is the good cholesterol, is not good at all, only 38, which it was 47.
It was never great, but 38's pretty weak.
Like the bottom limit on that's like 35.
So that's not too good.
And the other one's real bad.
And the overall is really, really bad.
And I'm sitting there eating ice cream.
Shubbling it on my throat.
Because I knew that it would, you know, appease the serotonin in my brain.
It would get like a real rush, whatever happens in there.
And I would feel great.
You know what?
I felt great.
Yeah.
That's right.
I felt great.
I was no longer depressed about this place.
I was no longer psychotic.
I didn't give a crap if anybody ever called again, which is the way things are going lately.
Maybe they will, maybe they won't.
I really don't care.
Okay.
I'll take the money.
Thank you.
Frustration eating.
This is why so many Americans are fat.
Stress eating.
Stress.
You don't ever stress eat.
Now you're a bad example.
Okay.
You're a bad example.
You're like bizarre.
Any attack in the tunnel where Linda Murray is attacking?
I mean, what the hell am I asking him for?
A stress eating binge, boys and girls.
Of course, I took my medication.
My blood sugar this morning, 159.
It was too high, but not that bad.
Not that bad.
Not that great.
Not that bad.
Did I gain any weight on the scale?
No.
No.
But I felt better.
Am I doing any regrets about going through that bit?
No.
No, I don't.
No, I absolutely do not.
Because it made me feel better.
It's not going to kill me.
You know, it's not good for me.
It's not going to kill me.
But I mean, when you're sitting here and I'm thinking back,
it caused me to sit there last night.
I'm thinking back over the two years I've been on this radio station.
It's never been any different.
It's just a question of quantity, not of quality.
I come back after my seventh month, the month I ate is that I got paid off by passion.
Thank you, buddy, bud.
You asked, whole.
I come back after those seven months.
And we had had the Kunanan thing right here, Johnny Versace.
I mean, the whole town was up at arms about that.
The FBI boxed it to be split.
It was like an embarrassing episode in this town.
I talked about that.
I talked about Princess Die.
All of that happened.
So many things happened while I was away for those seven months.
And I came back and I talked about all of these things.
That's right.
And did I get any response in any of them?
Any of them?
No.
None.
None.
So it's not any different now than it was then.
And I'll give you a classic example.
The best example of what this town is made of, what these people are all about,
was the now infamous golf tournament, the OJ golf.
No, seriously.
I mean, the first day or two after I went ballistic about that,
we had a couple of people calling in here who participated,
who were connected with it.
One guy said they walked out of there when they saw them.
And then a few days ago, when I was sitting here inquiring about the,
you know, how we were asking about the fees, the whole fees,
and all these other stuff, nothing.
Zip and he do that.
And quite frankly, there was no real outrage from the audience about what went on there.
It's like, oh, well, we don't care about that.
In fact, we don't really care about any of the charity,
whether it's Center One, Criminal Sounds.
We don't care about that.
And we want to bug your CDs because it's got the funny stuff on it.
And we want to buy those buttons because they got, yeah, that stuff on it.
But we don't really care about any of that.
What did they get upset about?
What did they care?
What he listed in a response?
The day I came on here a couple of days ago and I said that golf is not a sport.
And that people who watch it have no life, our assholes.
Then I got a lot of response from people trying to sell me on all of golf.
So it requires that great hand eye coordination, you know.
And what a great sport it is.
Premendous, incensed people, very upset, very irate, that I had the audacity.
And just like a vanilla ice cream thing, like the band fishing,
and telling me about all these people who watch it, tremendous ratings it gets.
I'm not impressed.
It's like the tremendous ratings I get.
Well, what does that get me?
I mean, a lot of money.
Yeah, that's fine.
That's great.
I'll take the money, thank you.
But does it give me any kind of a response?
No.
Does it give me an audience that's like, look at that phone right now.
There's a couple of calls on it.
That's not much.
Nothing much going on.
It's been this way forever and ever.
This is the power that people have nothing to say.
It's just a bunch of hyperbole.
Oh yeah, Ira, that was good.
Now all the hyperbole continues.
Well, what is that word again, Ira?
H-Y-P-E-R-B-O-L-E?
Hyperbole.
Yeah, Wayne Hattinger sponsored that.
That other guy, Dan Bole, I got there with the state of Maine, going over to Big.
This year we're going to have the hyperbole, with some girls teams playing in it.
We'll pack about 2300 in there for that.
In fact, we got to have like a major sporting event every day.
You know, 1500 on Monday, 2200 on Tuesday.
Joe Rosas out there in a hallway telling me about the fastest-growing sports in America.
Arena football.
Arena football is crap.
It's a joke.
But people are desperate.
They're bored.
Silly is what they are.
They're bored, they're serious.
So that's why people are busy watching bass fishing.
Because it's titillating.
It's exciting.
Is it?
Is it exciting?
No, seriously, I want you to stop and tell me, what kind of a person would watch bass fishing on television?
We'll watch somebody else fishing.
And my wife doesn't make it if it's bass fishing, trouser, trout fishing.
What kind of a fish it is?
Small mouth bass, rainbow bass, large mouth bass.
Well, what's everything that makes straight bass?
What's everything that makes it?
If it's bass fishing or, in fact, if it's deep sea fishing, you know, like if they're out there catching a big one,
that might be, I mean, I wouldn't watch it, but I could understand maybe.
Well, yeah, that's like a big deal.
No, we just out there catching little bass.
Little baby bass that we were on in the end of that triple hook that's weighed on their deepened throat, you know.
Twenty-four-eleven of QAM.
This is 560 QAF.
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're listening to it.
At Goldberg, weekday afternoons at two, sports radio 560 QAM.
QAM.
Wow, it's really hot out.
This sucks.
Did someone say it's really hot out?
And this sucks?
Yes.
Well, I've got just a thing for you.
Oh, gross.
It's the all new.
Blow, brand-air conditioner.
Oh, man, what did you eat?
There's nothing like out.
Sweet cool breeze on a hot blustery day, right?
Yeah.
You stopped doing that, please?
Well, blow, brand.
Is the bass fine?
Back off.
Can you imagine just one more day of this hot stuff?
No.
Then pick up the phone and call blow, brand air conditioning today.
Oh, yeah.
Here, here's the breath.
Go away.
Blow, brand air conditioning.
Loud and annoying, but works great.
Ten-fourty-six at five-safety WQM.
We got one call on the board.
I think I'll start my vacation tomorrow, you know what?
We got some tapes.
Do we have some tapes in the single in the can?
I believe we do.
Yeah.
I think I'll start tomorrow taking like a week and a half sun, good.
Or I could, uh, never mind.
You could do the show?
I thought you were not going to be here tomorrow.
I would make arrangements.
Oh, you'd make arrangements to come in.
In other words, you're not going to be here to like run the board tomorrow, but if we were going to let you come in and do an auto racing show,
well, what if it wouldn't be an auto racing show, just like any old show?
To prefer it not being an auto racing show.
Oh, really?
Okay.
Joe Castell was the only show tomorrow, ladies and gentlemen, because nobody wants to talk to me anymore.
So Joe's going to come on.
You want to talk to Joe?
No.
Yeah, you will.
It'll be great.
Yeah, they want to talk to you.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line.
That's Florida line at the one with a 400 numbers, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, Neil.
Seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five.
Like I said, it's just a matter of degree.
It's never been any different.
I mean, just to think about Spark's wider black people, dislike Dan Marino so much,
that's what he got in 50 calls on.
They're shooting it right off the bat.
Did we get a call?
Yeah, one guy didn't hang on.
Once Spark said it was busy, I guess he had a crack deal going down or something like that.
Didn't have time to hang on.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to know what to deal with Miami.
You know, I've been down here for a year.
Don't stay Spanish.
And nobody, nobody even wants to hire a man.
I mean, what?
All the Cubans think over what?
Here's a Davy.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
And, Neil, how are you doing?
Very slow.
Very slow.
You're my only call, sir.
Oh, thank you.
You're the only person in South Florida after 23 and a half years that wants to speak to Neil Rogers.
How do you like that?
That's great.
You don't need to be too good now.
I could say I'm forced today, Neil.
So I can call you up.
I have a question for you.
Do you still have your bonnocks on?
Do I want to?
You still have your bonnocks on?
I still have it.
I still have it.
Can I make a shame for a couple of minutes?
You don't want to talk to me either.
You just want to make some stupid requests.
Is that it, sir?
Well, I just put on the show.
I don't know what your topic is about today.
I just took the day off for work.
Yeah.
So, I called up.
You said you had one call.
Yeah, I'm not talking about a call.
In other words, I have no calls.
I have nobody that wants to talk about any of the things that I'm talking about, which goes back just like what I said before after the seven months I went away.
And everybody's calling.
Oh, gee, you know, all the big stuff in the newspapers.
God, welcome back.
We're out of business, baby.
We're out of business.
There's nobody here wants to play the game.
So, like I said, it's done away.
Can you play something for me?
Can you play that?
No.
No, of course not.
It's a talk show.
It's a radio show.
Maybe they're all listening to what you call it to music on the smegma.
Yeah, they're all into that crap again, disco.
Or maybe they're all listening to Phil's tapes again from the night before.
Who knows what they're doing, but they sure as hell aren't here.
The whole audience just decided to pick up and move.
They want a new play toy.
You know, I'm sitting here thinking about that ice cream my last night and I'm thinking of myself, you know.
I could make a nice profit on that house.
I think when I go home today instead of getting the stickers bar on the way home, I'm going to go out there and put a four sale sign out in front of my house.
Does it have to be a realtor that puts it for sale sign or can you know?
They even just make up your own sign.
By owner.
There you go by owner, one of our fine former sponsors.
That's what I'll do.
Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello.
Yeah, I wonder why defend hunting and fishing some.
You make a part of our bath fishing.
Who talked anything about hunting?
That's about the same stuff.
It is?
You make in front of our fish with hooks in them.
How about the breeders?
You think the horses like to get whooped and kicked in the side?
Oh yeah, I see.
Of course, they take them home and they fry them up for dinner too.
Not to get into the races.
No, they take them and shoot them when they're worth anything on the racetrack.
They grab them up and feed them.
They shoot them when they're in the finish on the racetrack.
Usually they don't have somebody just come in and break their leg when they can't make any money on them.
Then they give them to the dogs.
Yeah, sure.
What's the analogy right there?
No, it's not. They don't shoot horses when they can't race anymore, sir.
People come out of the racetrack with the insurance policies on them.
I think they will come and break your legs.
Is that a good way to bring your kid to the track and let them watch out of the degenerates, pick up the tickets out the ground?
No, I'd rather take them out there and stick a hook deep in the throat of a fish.
I would too. That's the way to at least you can bring your kid up and show them something.
Show them something. Show them how to kill a little fish there.
You can bring the dogs when you do have one when you stop clutch packing.
You can bring them to the track and show them the other degenerates.
Okay. All right.
Okay, see you there.
All the degenerates at the track.
They're good people. They go out there and stick a hook at a fish's throat. That's right.
That's not what I was even talking about.
This guy's all defensive about going out there and fishing.
I just got through Tonya, sir.
My family was in a fishing tackle business.
That's how we made our living, you jackass.
What I'm talking about is people watching somebody else fishing on television.
But you're too stupid to understand that and you're too defensive.
When people are defensive about their hobbies, about their pastimes,
it's got to tell you that in the back of his mind, he's got a guilt trip in there.
Because he knows that he's sticking a lure in there and then sticking that hook deep in a fish's throat.
That the fenseless goddamn fish.
That's just swimming around mining its own goddamn business.
Okay. That beautiful fish. All those colors like a rainbow trout.
What a beautiful thing. A creature of nature.
A creature that nature invented. A creature that maybe God invented.
This guy that y'all believe in.
And this guy's out there.
Of course, he brought up the hunting part too.
He probably out there got a shooting bandy in this spare time on a weekend.
But that's not what I was talking about.
I'm talking about watching.
See, they are capable of responding because they're so emotional. They're hysterical.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah. You know, I totally agree with you on what you're saying.
About the fishing and everything.
Why should we take valuable time?
Watch on TV.
You know, some redneck that does even know how to spell his own name.
Right. You know, I mean, and then we got...
Next thing you know, we'll be watching Spar too.
That can't spell her own name playing football.
We've already done that.
With that Washington Redskill.
I was an internal man or whatever.
That's extremely...
You know, and what about some of the sports?
I mean, just like here in Miami, we've got kids that can't even take a book home to study.
Yeah.
And we got...
But this could be a politician.
You guys bring it up, kids, right?
He's taking them out there fishing and sticking a hook down the fish and throwing them.
That's the way to do things. That's the way to live.
Yeah, I mean, what's there? Do that?
You know, do you go to the whole set? Do what?
I mean, come on. I mean, quality time is what he decides to do with.
But, you know, he doesn't have to say, well, you know, fishing is the way to go.
You go... I mean, come on. I find fishing kind of boring.
I mean...
There you go. I mean, what?
Thank you sir, like this call. Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I mean, horse racing is a beautiful sport to watch, okay?
You don't have to gamble on it, especially when it's on television.
You sit there at home. You watch it. It's exciting.
There's great competition. The horses are throwing their brains out because they're running for a lot of money.
So you don't have to have any boat races. I'm sorry.
But I mean, that's just the way it is.
And this guy is a trash-dancing. All you degenerates out there through your track, all you...
Yeah, it's only bad people. I go to the tracks or you trust me.
I go every Wednesday night or Thursday, whenever they go to the pump at O'Park.
Only us bad people go to the track.
We're evil.
It's only the good people that go out there hunting and fishing.
Here's a mobile and fort-later day. Hello.
Uncle Mio.
Yes, sir.
Oh, please don't leave. Our lives are fall apart.
Sir, you know, when people call and say that to me, I'm going to tell you, I just want to puke my guts out.
What does that mean? Your life is going to fall apart?
My life is going to fall apart.
I have never seen in South Florida a more a higher concentration of ignorant stupid people.
In my entire life, Mio, I've never seen a collection of stupider people in my life.
I've been trying for 23 years to squeeze blood out of a turnip and you know something I still haven't got any out.
Well, he's saying something. I don't know if you were...
If you had paid any attention to your spots, one of your spots was for your channel pen.
They're talking about ceiling fangs falling from the ceiling and killing them.
These were things that we made jokes about.
That's a very important thing. Runaway ceiling fans, man.
Don't just start knocking those runaway ceiling fans.
Oh, that's going to fall apart.
That's right. That's right.
That's right. They're next to bass fishing.
Oh, my God. Yeah. Pretty good.
These people, you know, I sit here, I talk about the schools, about these people's kids, about the crappy schools, about no textbooks, about getting no lunch.
And I get no response. And you want to know why? Because they don't care.
I have a woman that called the other day last week. Maybe you heard the call who goes out of her way to tell me, she doesn't have time to care.
She doesn't care about people.
You know, murdered. She doesn't care about your kids getting murdered. She doesn't have time to care.
If these people care, this is the sort of thing that it'd be on the channel.
And there's not some stupid ceiling fan falling from your ceiling and killing you.
Well, I'm going to be watching it.
Take care.
Thanks.
I got two ceiling fans. I'm going to start watching those very carefully now.
Which we had a ceiling fan in here.
I think I'd turn it on just like a little Russian roulette exercise.
56070560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Our poll question today. Why do black eat a dark eat?
Why does smarts use hate Dan Marino like poison?
There must be a reason for it. I mean, somebody very reliable like Joe Castello pulled me before the show this morning.
That 9 out of 10 darkies hate Dan Marino like poison.
They despise him. What is there? Are you jealous?
Because he's a white guy. Is that what it is?
And because only darkies are supposed to play football. Is that what that's all about?
Yeah, I saw that black quarterback for a Tennessee the other night.
That McNair. Oh my god. He couldn't play out of girls. Team. He was so bad.
Hey, guess what? That guy and the other team that you keep throwing to that Sam Madison guy.
He's got the other uniform color on. Okay, plays for the dolphins up for your team.
Okay, I know you keep throwing a ball right in his hand.
Including the one he returned for a touchdown according to the Sun Sentinel that he still hasn't returned for a touchdown.
You see, you get mediocrity because this is a mediocre place.
And it just, and nobody other than me. I'm just a troublemaker. I keep bap bap bap.
What the hell? Why make trouble? Why not just sit back and accept it?
Four minutes before 11 at 560 WQ I.M.
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it.
Hey, Goldberg weekday after noon to two sports radio 560 Q.A.M.
WQ A.M. My.M.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Don't you love Bill Bradley? Don't we need Bill Bradley?
Yep.
He's more than six feet tall.
Played from basketball.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him Bradley.
He's gonna win the race.
People of him cause theism's out for sure.
Did I mention that he isn't out for sure?
Yes.
He played for the next.
He doesn't bar up sick.
Yeah, we love him cause theism's out for sure.
Not out go.
Not out go.
Not out go.
Yeah, he's not out go.
I say it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
But because he's not boring out for it.
He's more than six feet tall.
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
He's more than two at five 60 WQ.A.M.
So anyway, here's another big feather in the cap for the beastly broadcasting people.
A man who investigates or say may have used his time to a Fort Myers radio station to attract young girls
and to accuse the raping of 14-year-old girl.
The teenager's mother found the parent gazed in sex at his Fort Myers apartment, kicked in the front door, beat up the suspect,
and left with her daughter.
There he goes.
She kicked up the suspect, and left with her daughter.
How do you like that?
The girl's mother found her daughter on top of Timothy David Allen.
Not a little unusual if a girl's going to get raped that she's on top.
Is not a little bit unusual.
On Sunday night, after appearing through a side window, next to his front door.
She bust the door down.
She went in there, kicked the crap, pulled her daughter off of him.
He was a part-timer at our sister station over there, W.
770, Q.A.M. Jr. over there in Fort Myers.
Yeah, he was an intern at Q.A.M. for about a month in December.
And then he went to work at the 99X, which is the beastly FM station, WGPX.
How do you like that, huh?
Over there, it's in the effects distance from our friends you're over there in the West Coast.
It says we can't get employees into paper with murders here, but we are a smaller market.
So we have to stick with little things like rape, stuff like that.
That's a good start on your beastly's over there.
Good one.
Yeah, they got a nice checkered pass that beastly bunching on.
5.6.7.
We had to just about every line lit up there before the news break.
And of course, these breaks are tremendous to help too.
You notice how that's really helping the radio station?
These long, ponderous commercial breaks, which everyone is like a newscast that's helping.
5.6.7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line, 877-785-0, 785-6345.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
On the buzz line.
Okay, line 7, ain't working out. That's good.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. How are we doing today?
Great.
Hey, Neil. I'd like to draw in a little common comparison between all sports, whether it be pool, plane, fishing, gambling, what have you.
Those etiquette of the sport say someone steals your racing form, your favorite fishing pole, you know, your favorite cue stick.
The thing is everybody's going to feel the same thing when they affect your hobby.
You're sitting below the belt.
And I don't think there's a lot of etiquette out there anymore with some people.
They don't appreciate it.
So you've got to appreciate the true person and respect their individual sport.
Well, what does that got to do with watching people go fishing on television?
Well, I'm going to tell you what.
I'd love to do watching people go fishing, but I don't think so.
That's what I was talking about.
Well, I know what I'm saying is that people out here, they're arguing between gamblers and fishing people or whatever.
Watch and fishing.
Hey, if that's what people were for people, other things work for other people.
You see what they do.
What they do.
You're out of your talking, double talk.
When they show the breeders cup on television, they're not showing people going to the windows, placing bets on the races.
They're showing you the horse races.
They're showing you the excitement.
How many people would watch if instead of showing you the races, they just showed people gambling.
They just showed people going to the windows.
Yeah.
Oh, look at that.
This guy's going to the $50 window.
He wants to be a real big plunger, huh?
And here's the guy with the $100 window.
And here's some smuck at the whatever.
Would anybody watch that?
No.
That's my point.
I asked, you know, here's the thing that's astonishing.
Fishing ratings.
People actually are making jokes about it the other day.
And people are watching it.
Fancy fishing.
And these people want to give me a saw today.
We don't have enough respect for other people's hobbies.
Okay, whatever you say, pal.
5, 6, 7.
Here's our last call of the day for calls.
And then, baby, I'm going to sit back and enjoy some real, some of my favorite music.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Or Joe's going to come in here.
I'll go in there and sit because you want to do the show.
Joe's just dying to take over the show now.
Yeah, he wants to punch right in here.
He sees this tremendous response.
He knows that he can listen to a much better response here than I'm doing.
We could bring a dead man in here.
We could bring I'mus in here.
Sit him on a chair.
I was channel serving yesterday morning.
He wasn't talking to his brother.
He was talking to his wife.
On the phone.
Talking to his wife.
Asking how come she keeps talking to him from the other room when she knows he's deaf.
The Pope and Don I'mus, two dead men in a chair.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How are you doing, Hill?
I'm here.
Did you really encourage news in the front page of the hell this year about the affirmative action?
And if it went to referendum, it would be a vote.
It would be by at least two to one majority stricken now.
Yeah.
It's in there today again.
I didn't read the hell.
Two thirds of the Sun sent.
No, two thirds of the buddy Nevin just finally discovered he read the hell yesterday.
So he's putting it today.
Two thirds would end affirmative action, right?
Well, if it's that quote.
The affirmative action is a bunch of crap.
I know some say it's an excellent news.
You first turn the wake up and get off this liberal crap.
Well, what do you mean you get off this liberal crap?
What does that mean?
Your first.
He's done by the liberals.
Oh, by the liberals by the evil liberals.
Look at evil, but it's one aspect that they don't like that they try to promote.
It's a bunch of bull crap.
It's unacceptable.
If you go qualified for a job, you get it.
If you're not qualified, go back to Goa Pedal Hamburg or somewhere.
Exactly.
Amen.
Hello.
I'm here, sir.
Another thing I want to tell you.
I went to a pizza loft, blew.
I hate that place.
Yeah, okay, thanks.
56670560.
He don't like liberals and he don't like pizza loft.
I guess what?
Jeff Collins is a good liberal boy, okay?
He's liberal.
He likes to spread it around.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
877785 Neal.
7856345.
Here's another genius for it.
It's like yesterday.
I'm listening to Hank driving home.
The third caller is some young guy.
Probably the same guy.
It's not just like him.
Oh, congratulations for embarrassing yourself.
But the second year in a row, the breeders come.
Hank just gave out a $2,500 triple on Friday.
One of the long shots they came in.
Nobody in their right mind would have bet on.
And this guy's got a calling with a shot.
These are the people that will call.
The haters, the naysayers, the mouth content.
Those are the people that will call.
Anybody that just wants to have a verbal intercourse?
That's going here in this town.
That disappeared years ago.
Doesn't exist.
There's no such thing.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Neal.
Yes.
Yes.
I'd like to ask a question.
How much of your own money do you put in the center one?
$10,000.
That's what I thought.
And you also, when you were doing something for the Camille House,
you also put $10,000 in that two years ago, didn't you?
Every year.
You know, very few people realize that.
And I'm like, yeah.
So, what's ever, they don't care.
Don't tell me exactly.
They don't care.
People like, uh, Zo, and Mark Clayton was just on yesterday.
I'd like to ask somebody how much money he brought in,
and how much money actually went into his own charity.
For his scholarship, for his career.
No, listen, nobody cares about that golf term.
It's eventually a bit of a tip off to me that I'm in the wrong place, okay?
These people here, all I've been doing is babysitting them for 23 years.
They don't care about any of the things that I'm involved in,
any of the things that I talk about.
All they care is that we make little sounds on the air that are mues them, you know,
a little burping, a little farting, a little belchick.
And that's all they care about.
These are, this is La La and, sir.
It's over.
There should have been such a UN crime.
And this was one of the great scandals that I've ever been sucked into
with this guy, the emchirity golf tournament thing,
and OJ getting brought in and we're to the money goal,
and the salesman who'd call him out of town to tell somebody he's got to take the fall forward
because it was a fraud.
And the audience doesn't care.
They just don't care, sir, no matter what I do.
I consider it scream louder and louder and louder.
They don't care.
It's so ridiculous, it's the all these jocks that ask for money from you,
and all for a foundation or a charity, and they never put their own money into it.
And I'd like to make a little comment about George.
He made a comment about common electra.
You couldn't pay him a million dollars a doer.
You couldn't pay any ten million dollars a doer if you're such a disgusting pig.
Yeah.
And I don't want any tickets from you, even though I would kiss up to you,
and I went to specs and bought a ten dollar cassette from you,
and I already had the cassette.
I could care less about it.
Neil, you all right.
Thank you.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay.
So you're going to ask your guys, you guys are sucking around a little bit.
Try making me feel better, do I feel better?
No.
Well, I'm going to go on the ice cream again.
How do you like that?
I'm leaving right now, and I'm going to go out and get some goddamn fish food.
I'm going to go and jump in the bathtub full of fish food.
Look at this.
Three stinking calls I got here on the board, because these things don't interest anybody,
whatever I've been talking about here.
Joe's coming in and doing the rest of the show.
You want to talk about NASCAR, you want to talk about little cars,
and go, RUN, RUN, RUN, RUN, and round fast, and call Joe Costello, okay?
There's a real man's sport, and people actually get killed every now and then, too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, call and speak to Joe.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
That big out of town line, maybe, is that thing working?
No.
877-785-NEO, 785-6345.
Every single time I'm getting ready to go on vacation without exception,
the weaker 2 before is like a living hell.
Like, we're going to make you pay for it, baby.
We're going to make you work overtime just to get one stinking call.
Not that we're going to give you anything worthwhile, but just to make the phone ring.
A town without pity, a town without rock-monis,
a town with a collective IQ of...
What?
It's 11 after 11 on the Joe Costello show.
QAM drops the green flag with Motorsport Saturday.
Saturday morning said 6 with Joe Costello.
Right here on Sports Radio 560.
QA, can.
Were you fudge-packing?
He's got his car on.
He's got his car on.
He has a golden spoon.
He was born with up his ass.
So look out, all you two.
Get ready for the call.
He's a talent, has he not seen?
He'll give our table rights to Wampie.
Wow, I think the talent has seen.
Love of FLA.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude.
Who's very bad to you?
Who never paid a dues?
Why make sure we'll all be screwed?
Yeah.
She's hard.
She's hard.
She's hard.
Any smart food with that race?
Against buddies with K.
Why do you think they call it guber?
Vitorial anyway.
He's a talent, has he not seen?
He'll need to KKK has seen.
Oh, he needs to talent, has he not seen?
Love of FLA.
Devour a Florida Democrat back at Turing Bush.
How do you like that?
That's the kind of Democrats we have here in Florida.
They're actually a throwback to the old Dixie Cretz.
I mean, it's almost the end of the goddamn century.
What are you waiting for, okay?
All you assholes?
We're in the hall of the goddamn names on this thing here already.
Oh, here, Lieutenant Governor Wayne Nixon.
Former governor for three days after we're locked in Bipadust.
Steve Yulefelder, talent-hassy lawyer and former chairman
of the State Board of Regents, and Jim Nagel, mayor of Fort Lauderdale,
area go.
Jim Nagel, mayor of Fort Lauderdale.
Great Democrats.
Fact's Bush.
Lick's Bush.
Really said.
Very, very said.
You know, I come on here yesterday.
Here's another perfect example.
Talking about this Bush business and about what a dummy he is
with an wise guy.
Oh, well, this guy, some guy, you know, and I think people respect a guy.
Everybody's a guy.
You know, he's just a regular guy.
An airhead, a bubblehead, who knows nothing, who stands for nothing except a bunch of repressive crap.
But the public likes him, maybe especially here in Florida, he's got 60% of the polls already.
They like Bush.
They know the name, you know.
Any name that's familiar they like here?
They're in the Bush.
Any calls on it?
Yesterday?
No.
No, none.
Not a one.
Oh, yeah.
Well, the general got elected.
Well, no, actually it was a coup.
They were going to get a general.
Some guy general took over there.
They only got nuclear weapons over there in India and Pakistan.
We shouldn't be concerned about that.
How would you expect somebody wants to be present?
They're about something his meaning was in that.
As Pakistan.
And no, I wouldn't have known the name of any of the four people.
You know something I'm not running from president.
George E.W.
Yeah.
Perfect.
And what he said yesterday was right.
The American public says, oh, yeah, we like a guy like that.
That's like us.
Dumb.
We like that.
Just a regular guy started a little coke.
He's dumb.
Just like us.
They can relate to that.
Just a C student.
Just a maybe a C minus, but they've boosted up a little bit because that he had a lot of money.
Just an average marginal student.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Speaking of C students and repressive class, I'm flipping the value of it.
Did you ever rob?
Well, I know you have.
But did you ever watch this guy James Kennedy?
Sure.
Oh, my God.
It's a Nazi.
Sunday he was after it, boy.
He was talking about us versus them.
And them and these guys.
And what we did to Robert Bork and oh, my God.
Yeah.
He is a full-fledged Nazi.
He's got to be speaking of a Bush lecker.
He's a unbelievable this guy.
It's just that scary, scary to watch.
And see students in the crowd or like bowing down.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah.
But why is it unbelievable?
Well, but I'm saying it's not unbelievable because obviously the 10% of the 10% are going to pay him his son.
There you go.
His books and rep.
I never see that church.
The Coleridge Presbyterian church up there in Fort Lauderdale.
Big, big gigantic tribute to greed.
Believeable what these guys do.
They only need one of them, right?
They got an organ up there that's bigger than some people's homes.
And we need one of them.
They got a big organ.
Okay.
Have a great day, sir.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's some good news.
Finally, lawmakers from the House of Representatives and Senate Monday reached the agreement on legislation to boost satellite TV services by allowing them to carry programming from local TV stations.
You know what that means?
Good by cable.
I'm sorry.
Joe's on the cable tonight.
Well, not yet.
Okay.
After the night after the Joe Castello show on the Comcast at 8 o'clock.
After this, you can make plans to signify your cable company because negotiators reached the agreement after several last minute changes were made at the behest of consumer groups in two major satellite firms,
Echo Star Communications Corps and Hughes Electronics Corps, direct TV.
Onto the compromise reached Monday and expected to be approved by both the full House and Senate in just a few days.
No problems.
Satellite TV firms will be allowed to carry local stations, but will be required to carry all stations in each market where they carry any stations within two years.
The companies have said they will offer local channels in the top 50 to 60 US markets given the capacity constraints of their spacecraft and their must carry requirement.
The legislation also included a loan guarantee program and an attempt to bring local programming to satellite subscribers in smaller markets.
So that means that all of your local channels will be there if you have the small dish on the satellite.
So those people are worried about well, you know, if I got the satellite, how do I get rid of my cable bill and still get the local stations?
There's the answer.
Goodbye, cable. Good. Goodbye all you cable people.
With all your propaganda about how bad satellite is, thank God for satellites, baby.
Every time a bird, every time a pigeon flies over the goddamn cable goes out, does the satellite go out?
Maybe if there's a severe rain storm, the small dish, you know, you break up and goes out for a couple of minutes, maybe he wants it a blue moon.
The big dish does it ever go out? No. Never goes out. Ever. Ever.
I mean in May and October, we get some sunspots in a few places, a few minutes here and there, but does it completely go out? No.
So there are some good news for the consumers finally who are generally getting screwed by a government that loves monopolies unless it's Microsoft.
Is that very very soon when your satellite people will be able to carry out your local channels and it'll be good by the cable.
Thank God.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, that line 9, the vein of my existence.
It's got to be just, you know, it's got to be just the phase of the moon, you know.
Four Myers, Naples, Sarasota, Palm Beach, all of these things.
I even mentioned the story about the kid that they used to work at our Beasley affiliate over there that got arrested for rape with that 14 year old girl who the mother found on top of him.
I understand. I realize that sounds a little bit unusual.
Yeah. Well, that's what the story said.
He wanted to be comfortable, I guess. 56670560, pound 560 on that line 9, that is a door near line, 877785 Neil.
8777856345.
Here's Boyton V. Chilla.
Hey, I'll call this line again, sorry sir.
Sorry, line 7, no work, how about 4?
Oh, no, no, I mean, how many times does this happen Uncle Neil that you sit here screaming and yelling and thinking your life is coming to an end?
And the phone is left up again. God damn it.
God damn this mother scratching place.
Jesus Christ and Joseph is in a radio station. This is a popsicle stand.
I'm sitting here, be reading the audience, having another nervous guy damn breakdown.
Getting ready to go out and enforce food down my push and kill myself, give my cholesterol level up to 350.
Because we got a radio station with crap for equipment.
Because I work for a bunch of cheap, cheap, effing bastards that built $35 million.
And by the way, you ought to see our construction projects coming here on the third floor with the wires hanging from the ceiling.
And the unpainted wall and the schmutz all over the place. It's lovely.
And why is it like that? Because we're paying the contractor piecemeal and the contractor is working piecemeal.
But our phones are screwed up again big time big time and we got a general manager that stands in here the other day and makes fun of the laughin' down there.
And it's built in 15 bucks a year because they're doing a high school football game on a cell phone.
And like I said the other day, I bet you at least their cell phone probably worked.
They probably got their game on the year.
Our phones, do they work? No. They're a piece of crap as Kathy Lee would say. A piece of pure unadulterated crap.
I'm never as long as I live, forget the day last year, last early last summer.
George and I were down there on a second floor in our old crappy studios, unlike these newer crappy studios.
We're sittin' down there with our make-believe equipment.
And I'm going through the whole routine. It's like that skid on SCTV, the about the talk show guy who's going through, you know, we ought to kill puppies and babies.
And he still can't get the phone to ring. And finally it rings its wrong number.
And I'm doing the same thing. I'm going hysterical. I'm screaming. I'm yelling. I got 73,000 different topics going on.
I'm carrying on. And finally it just dawned on me after about an hour and 15 minutes of this frustration.
I reached over, I started puching up the lines. They're all dead. They're all dead.
And by the way, the good news is our corporate engineer. What's his name again? That schmuck Bob Demuth.
He's running around the building again here today. And our phones are still screwed up. That's his area of expertise I'm told, by the way.
Is the phone system nice going Bob Demuth? Okay. Why don't you go over there to God damn nipples go back where you belong? Get out of here. You probably screwed him up.
I'm sitting here having a nervous breakdown in the goddamn four is a piece of crap. What's it? That's line four.
Yeah. This isn't even your own Kipper in their blow in the show for already. Listen to that.
And then it goes out all by itself. You see that you can't even keep it on.
Rates by the beesleaves. Okay. That's the headline in the paper tomorrow. Neil Rogers with a real sore. He's been raped by the beesleaves.
You guys suck. Okay. You guys suck. You bite your blow.
No. There are little kids with a record set with little make believe radio stations and tiny little two odd transmitters that they bought at Radio Shack. They got better equipment than we got.
It's just amazing. It's just it's amazing. How you can work for people this dumb who are making who are taking in this much money and refuse a refusal is not the act of a friend.
Refuse to give us crap that works. They just refuse. This is five sixty two a.m. head cap with nose the scores.
Starting in 10th of a last game. We night.
With that stupid.
More.
Here's the guy we have dealing with the years you on a tasty day plus.
worshipers who love OJ, act as being revero-team.
It's a great, it's a hot and swarming place.
U.S. is not a happy place.
A real, depressing place.
U.S. is not a happy place.
It's 1132.
I'm pissed off that they won't stay on here, you know what?
BEEP!
BEEP!
BEEP!
Now we're getting some new and improved tones online for I like it.
Absolutely, positively unacceptable and un-believeable.
Is this place?
And they think that I make this stuff up? They really do.
They think that I'm just, wow, I didn't know that nail. He's just a malcontent.
And we like to do this because he gets everybody all whipped up.
Yeah, I just make it up.
I enjoy working in a place where nothing works.
That we have the worst equipment that money can't buy.
So we got Lion 9, we got a call from Naples. Hello.
Yeah, Neil, I was wondering, where's the fortune-year-old learn to use the strap on?
Uh-huh.
And why would he handcuff himself up?
Yeah.
Very odd. Very odd.
Yeah.
Can't we think of a thing about that?
It's a beastly thing, man.
Yeah.
That should answer everything you have to know.
That line also didn't sound too good to me. That line sounded a little scuba.
Relief you called her in that line 9 from Naples.
Did everything to say no, but none the less.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm sitting here with two wires in a tin can.
Yeah, with string and two Campbell soup cans.
Does the audience care?
No.
No.
See, that's the one thing about these people.
Nothing will move them.
Absolutely positively.
Nothing.
Holy or Eglace is junior to Marshall the Winterfest.
Did we say it about that?
No.
Let me an autograph picture. That's a phony autograph.
By the way, did you see that?
Did he really sign that?
I don't know.
Oh, it looks real.
Does it look real?
He doesn't look real.
He doesn't look real.
He looks bizarre.
But at any rate, officials say they hope that Eglace is,
who was recruited by this jockey from Power 96 radio station,
will help appeal to South Florida's large Hispanic population
and attract a diverse crowd with a big Winterfest parade,
which has a $15 million economic impact on the Florida tourism industry.
And Holy or Eglace is junior left me an autograph picture in the back.
It looks like he's got a float away, but he's a good guy.
And I love his brother.
We love you, Enrique.
Okay?
In spite of all the other stuff.
Nice going over there at Power 96, okay?
Nice going.
I'm going to go to the next one.
Do you ever have anybody like to go with both feet on the ground
on that show in the morning?
No.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
And they're with us.
Yes, sir.
I have a few black friends and they were talking about Damirino the other day.
And it's when that you brought it up, so I want to call them.
They're not calling me today.
No, they won't fetch up to it.
I was talking to them.
They said they can't stand.
And not all of them.
I don't think that all of them think this, but I love talking to them.
All of them.
Every single black person who puts any attention to football,
hates Dan Marino like poison.
Well, the reason they told me, and I think it's crap, but they said it was because
that he's not mobile and he's not very sighting.
But I was like, well, doesn't have like every passing record in the world.
Yeah.
And this guy's done everything.
That's not the real reason.
They don't like him because he's got a white wife or something like that.
I don't know what the real reason is.
They have white wives too, which he's talking about.
That's what I mean.
No, but another thing about they don't like Dan is because no one can defend him.
And what are you going to do against someone that gets rid of the ball faster than they can get to you?
I mean, this guy, Damon Ewer, did really good, but...
Oh, I don't want to talk like a black person.
I don't want to go back to my conversation.
He's not really good.
Okay, he's played four games.
He's lucky or in hell.
He's in fact about 100 times.
He's not really good.
He's not really good.
He is a lot to prove.
And he's lucky as hell.
And let me say it again.
The nerds on this station and the people that call this station don't understand
that if it wasn't for Olin de Mauret, kick an 8 million field goals,
they wouldn't have won three of those four games anyway.
That guy's amazing.
Yeah, but nobody talks about him.
He should be able to be a 14.
There you go.
Have a great day, pal.
So the Schwarches don't like Dan, Marino, but they sure as I won't call and admit it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Hold on.
Look at that.
That line won't even stay on now.
That line won't even stay on now.
That line won't even stay on now.
Did you punch it up or did it happen by itself?
No, I did not.
I didn't punch it up.
So somebody's fiddling with our phone lines.
Somebody's patching you around with our phone lines.
Because I didn't punch you at all.
Bizarre.
Yeah, I tried the first time.
It didn't go on.
And then it came on just like just like spontaneously.
So somebody is dicking with our phone lines and his company is walking around going like that.
Yeah, and we got Bob DeMuth from over to West Coast walking around going like that.
How do you go like that?
See that?
That won't even stay on there.
Oh, that's a big thing.
There's nothing better than that.
There's nothing better than that.
There's nothing better than that.
Oh, right now.
We've got to have a friend.
Welcome to crap.
Come on.
Leave that thing on.
Whoever's messing with it.
I'm going to have a boyfriend.
When he's respect.
I'll let you put it on the boyfriend.
But we don't want to pay for it.
Because this is a cheap ass company.
Oh, that's good.
We'll get some reaction with that.
Now, come on.
Get it back on there.
Quick little.
I got it.
I'm going to have a phone line.
I'm going to have a phone line.
I'm going to have a phone line.
I'm going to have a phone line.
And we're still here.
Don't spend any money.
I want to help us.
Pretend to do a radio show with a phone that doesn't work.
Oh, my God, almighty.
Thank you, Norma Kent.
Thank you so much.
Just remember, Norma Kent, whatever it is, Norma Kent, do it.
Thank you for getting me hooked up with a bunch of real, real, radio people.
Oh, yeah.
With real broadcast.
Yeah.
Holy crap.
As Rick Weber would say, holy St. Louis.
We're, by the way, the fast fishing at a 6.4 share.
St. Louis.
I'm getting a lot of here.
I'll tell you that.
I am getting a hell out of here.
That for Sarah Sin is going up real soon.
22 before noon at 5.60 WQM.
Every time Joe gets, it's amazing how you always pick the right times.
Of course, you know something the last couple of months, it could have been any day.
Because since that golf tournament, since just before the golf tournament, virtually every day has been like this.
Virtually every single day, which is why, by the way, one of the things that makes your cholesterol level go up, not just dietary, but is stress.
I would say never knew until I read that in this book here.
Yes, stress.
Makes your cholesterol levels go sky high.
I just mentioned that in passing, Greg.
Murderer.
I wonder they like OJ so much around here, you know?
Murderers of a feather kind of do it together.
21 till 12 at QAN.
Kim Bocafford taught sports.
We can, right here, on sports radio 5.60 QAN.
There's something wrong with our TV.
Our program director is a fan.
I asked him what was so outstanding.
But he ran off that facility.
Yeah.
And then he tried to help us.
And he tried to help us.
And he tried to help us.
Poor baby.
What's wondering?
Why no one else talks to me with family.
And sketch really, you say, family, you say, is is is is.
We have a program director that's right.
I was a TV.
Was that a key?
Why the everyone is a TV?
And with me, are you laughing?
We ran off that facility.
We were a police.
I was a police.
I was a TV.
I was a TV.
We have a program director that's right.
We have a program director that's right.
We have a program director that's right.
15 till midnight at QAN.
15 till a millennium.
15 until a big hand.
So we got an engineer and he's doing this.
This is the reason.
This is the reason that it's the season for mediocrity at QAN.
Because it's the same bunch of misfits that can't get anything done.
We got an engineer that's a rocket scientist who says we find
to get AirBlanxcepticourse for line four after two hours.
Any engineer said, or we both support this.
That's probably a correct idea.
Correct.
We both support this.
If something, no, don't do that.
You got to blow off all the cars, you idiot.
No, no, that's what you're doing.
Here's the thing, we'll be able to support that problem.
A two-year-old child would know that rebooting the computer on the phone system
isn't going to fix broken phone lines, George Corso, a five-year-old infant.
A fetus would tell you, with a smile on its push, that ain't going to work, George Corso.
But thanks for your help.
You can do that.
This is a fixed location.
We'll be off time for that.
We'll be able to make a fixed location.
We'll be able to make a fixed location.
No, because tomorrow is payday.
Maybe after I get my check tomorrow.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
The outer town line is 877-785, NEO-785-6345.
Don't forget, we'll see its specs on South Dixie Highway this Saturday, noon to two,
with all our center-one goodies, including our key chains and the C-N-E's and cassette.
And all that good stuff.
Here's Sunny Isles.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
You need to smoke a big fat joint.
I'm going to right now.
You'll be all right.
Hey, listen.
John Maughan.
Headline of the New York Post.
Have you seen that reading, writing, and roaches?
No.
1-3rd of the schools in New York City, cap tears aren't fested with everything from mouse droppings
to cockroaches or anything.
I'm going to fact it over to you because it's pretty good.
Please.
And let me tell you why the blacks don't like marina, because he's good, that's why.
And if you're good in your white and your playing sports day, they can't see anything.
You know, I never thought about that because basically the NBA, we know the blacks are already
good.
But they hate Larry Bird.
And they resent the fact that there's a great football player who's a white guy.
So I think that answers the question.
That's what they call, and they don't, and he don't jump around like an idiot.
He might be a little prejudice or racist, but that shouldn't have anything to do with it.
Because they had a Jim Calleo Buffalo like poison.
Yeah.
And to this day, they still hate Jim.
Yeah, they don't have no rhythm.
They have no soul.
Yeah.
Thanks, pal.
Hey, have a good one, buddy.
Thanks a lot.
I like your cholesterol level.
You won't even have any cholesterol on your phone.
All right, buddy.
Yeah, they don't like Danny because he's a great player and he's a white guy.
There you go.
That answers the mystery.
No more than three people.
That's why you spartz is resent Danny Boy because he's great and he's a white guy.
That's right.
They've just about taken over the national football league.
And of course, most of their guys are freaks anyway.
Most of their guys that are as big goddamn lineman, those big 400 pound slabs,
like that one guy from Minnesota last night, look like somebody they stuck his head out
of the goddamn machine.
He wasn't a thick neck.
He was a no neck.
This guy.
Good luck.
He could barely move.
That's an athlete.
No, that's a cow is what that is.
That's a big fat flop is what that is.
There was big fat Uncle Jimima looking guys.
Well, if there's an antimicmer, they've got to be like an Uncle Jimima.
Wouldn't you say?
I would think so.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Great.
Sounds good to me.
Here's Boyton Beach.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's your old friend Sam.
I don't let him.
Yeah.
Trying to get through on the phones.
What do you mean by that?
I'd be trying to get through for an hour.
Well, the phones are all screwed up.
I'm up on you once and the phones.
But I have a front side again.
Why did I hang up on you?
Oh, because you couldn't hear.
He was on line seven.
Oh, you were on seven.
Yeah, you could hear.
Well, I, I, and it's the phone is all screwed up here.
And our program director is running around while I'm wiping the tears from his cheek.
Yeah, they got to do something.
Hey, Leo, what's up?
Hey, I got good news for you.
What does that mean, Andrew?
Yeah.
Stop calling yourself STEM.
You're 50 years old already.
Stop calling yourself STEM.
I'm not 50 years old.
You haven't your second child yet?
Yes, I had my second child.
And how about your wife?
Did she have one?
Yeah.
Yeah, good.
What is it?
Boy or a girl?
Little boy.
Little boy.
And so I get a lot of poopy diapers and stuff.
Yeah.
I could save him if you want.
No, I'll pass.
I'll pass.
Yeah, send over to Duff.
Okay, he liked that.
Oh, this is one I never actually called you with material before, but I've got something.
Well, it's about time.
In the Palm Beach Post today, did you hear about the Indian apples, Colts, players, whose wife died?
Oh, I'm so glad you reminded me of that.
Yeah.
Okay, well, did you see the headline in the post today, corner says, accident killed pregnant wife of Colts defensive fact.
Right.
Which is good because the death of Steve Muhammad's wife after childbirth was caused by injuries from an auto accident
and had nothing to do with an alleged beating by the Colts' rookie defensive fact, the corner ruled Monday.
That's right.
We're supposed to celebrate.
Yeah, the Colts' Muhammad went into premature labor and died from excessive bleeding Sunday.
End day after her husband was arrested in charge with three counts of battery against her and her six-year-old son.
I got it.
Yeah.
How about that?
Yeah.
Beautiful, isn't it?
It's lovely.
Yeah.
And of course they say the auto accident lead to a pretty good guy because he didn't really, you know, the baby wasn't still born because he beat the crap out of his wife.
Exactly.
They say the auto accident killed her.
Meanwhile, she didn't, the accident was so minor that she didn't report it.
Right.
So, you know, cover up.
We believe it.
Exactly.
Anyone who went ill, good talking to you.
And have a great life, say.
Take care, fight.
Andrew, whatever your name is.
Yeah.
The defensive backs wife died after a stillbirth.
But it was caused by injuries from an auto accident.
I think the dog done it is what I think.
You know, it's kind of like a John Benetian, like Nicole and Ron.
The dog done it.
Nicole Muhammad went into premature labor and died from excessive bleeding Sunday.
10 days after her husband was arrested and charged with three counts of battery against her and her six year old son.
So, that's why we don't like Dan Marino because he's white and he doesn't beat up his wife.
All we have about white guys like Bobby Cox would beat up his wife.
But then if he wears bad of a manager's Bobby Cox, you want to beat up somebody too.
And since he's a feeble old man, who else is he going to beat up besides a woman?
And I'm sure his wife is a feeble old lady, so he beat that a lot of her.
Nice going, Bobby.
But this seems to be a very, very common thread with sparser athletes.
It's abusing women, beating up women.
How's Lauren Phillips doing, by the way, for that jackass that calls 50 times a week?
Yeah.
Beat up any women this week?
Probably.
They're women.
You understand what I'm saying?
They're women.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm going to tell you something.
The next time that the program director comes in in the middle of the show and starts telling you what to do.
Tell him to get there a lot.
Okay.
Tell him to go cry on a rock.
I'm serious.
Get him on here.
I realize he's trying to be helpful.
But what the word is for that?
Dangerous.
Dangerous.
I'm sure we have to get next week's schedule.
We'll all put together.
Don't be dangerous, bluff, please.
I know you mean well, but so did Hitler.
So did Charles Manson.
He meant well, but he just kind of screwed things up.
Just like God.
He means well, but he keeps screwing up all the time.
Oh, that was special.
Here's the mobile and Cooper City.
Hello.
Anthony, are you gay?
Am I gay?
Last time I checked, are you?
I was just wondering if you were gay.
Is it a secret?
I don't know.
Oh, is that you know how old are you?
Five?
Yeah.
Yeah, well get your finger out of your...
Go back to school, okay, punk?
Are you gay, Uncle Niel?
I'm a fag, okay?
I'm a Jew, I'm a fag, I'm an atheist, I'm a bad evil guy.
Are you gay?
Probably wants to date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, nil.
Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, 53, 45.
Great that we hear from our young people out there
that have some of the contributors.
Yeah.
Hey Uncle Niel, are you gay?
Do you want to suck on this?
Sack on Uncle Niel?
Here's Miami, hello.
Hey, Niel, how you doing?
Great, just great.
Mocha color brother calling you.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I have friends who don't like Dammarine.
And why is that? Are they jealous?
They said during the 80s when Clayton and Mark...
Clayton and Mark do both.
Yeah, they have the drug deal, are you?
Yeah.
Right, they said that he used to get all the recognition
and all the accolades for everything that was done.
Oh really?
When they made the catches and stuff.
And then one other...
Who is the one that was thrown in the hall?
Well, I like Dammarine, but...
I mean they were great receivers,
but in order to make all those passes,
you have to be a great passer too.
You have to have a great quarterback to make those guys look good.
I agree.
You have to have a great receiver to make him look good as well.
Well, it works both ways.
I agree with that.
So why should they hate him?
Well, because he's always...
He's white.
No, it's not. I don't think that's it.
I think...
Well, what are you living?
Mark Clayton and Mark Dooper,
what have they gotten in common?
They're both black.
All right.
Dan Marino, he's white.
What do they hate you like?
He got all the recognition because he is white.
So maybe that is probably true.
Well, let me ask you something.
Jim Brown, was he white?
No.
I'm just saying that.
Why?
Well, Dave, Wallwater Peyton, was he white?
Gail Sayers, was he white?
I'm just saying that.
I'm just saying that.
Was he white?
Emmett Thomas.
Emmett Smith, whatever the hell is that?
Emmett Smith, I mean, what are these people talking about?
I agree.
I like Dan Marino, but I mean, that's what I've been hearing from my friend.
Come to get off Dan Marino.
What do you think, Bill?
I mean, you can't want to radio.
You can't talk about this.
Yes.
You're talking about how our...
Dennis Romney is a comeback name.
Yes.
But he kind of like...
He made himself like as far as his image.
I don't think he's like...
You know, what he went through with his wife or his ex-wife,
whatever, on the beach over there.
I don't think that was...
I'm not sure they called him a comeback, you know?
He's been doing this crap for years.
He's not been arrested for beating women or anything like that.
Not yet?
No.
No, because she was beating him, but they were beating each other.
Yeah, I just think that was also a common for you to make a comeback.
No, it was not.
He's just scumbag, nigger is what he is.
Wow.
That's my opinion of him.
Okay.
If you want to invite him to your house, they have a good time.
Not on me.
Okay.
I'll write now.
Oh, see, he's okay, but he just don't want him to his house.
Yeah.
He don't want anybody to look like that, and dresses like that,
coming to his house, because then people will start whispering.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want him in my house, and I'm a goddamn faggot.
560-560, 05-560 on the AT&T line,
so they don't like Danny because he was white.
This is 560-QAM.
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're listening to it.
Hey, Goldberg, weekday afternoons at two.
Sports Radio 560-QAM.
AT&T line.
Don't you see what he has?
I'm a damn sports artist.
He's a real estate.
He's practically dead night.
He was resting his mind.
He ain't a real estate.
He ain't a real estate.
So, here, I'll say a birthday.
You're supposed to sacrifice me for the king.
Whoa-ho-ho, this wasn't a birthday.
He's been getting a pound and a pound and a pound.
He wants the white house to be all day.
I got the cat, you guys.
So, he can be seen in the mirror, like two,
like a cup, like a pet, like a pig, like a pie.
That's the way it's all.
All the kind of local and nobody.
And I did today, sports for you,
you'll never get into that.
You will always be part of the day.
You'll be in the top.
Oh, that's good.
I can't even do one this time, too.
That's good.
From the other lines, it's bleeding over.
That was something special.
How do you like that?
That was great.
I could hear you talking to the caller,
or whatever line you were talking,
or what line were you on?
Seven?
Seven.
Oh, I'll see those two lines are both screwed up.
Let me try them.
How about seven? Hello?
Oh, you know what you see?
You get a dial, somebody here, there you have a phone.
Okay, our phones are all screwed up, boys and girls.
But anyway, thanks to our friend from New York,
who faxed me this from the post about all the sex attacks
that are going on in school, student-unstudent sex attacks.
And also,
all the crap, the schmutz,
the filth in the schools, in the cafeterias, et cetera.
Jiggins and jiggins and health violations all over the schools,
because in America, do they care about your kids?
No.
No.
I can't, the print on this is so good and small.
I'll do my best.
Here's MS, whatever this is.
I can't read a guy, damn thing.
319.
Mouse droppings, chicken and veal served to cold.
No place for workers to wash hands in the kitchen.
No sneeze guard for the student serving line.
One sink used for preparing food and washing pans,
and screens torn.
Here's the next school.
Flies and roaches milked more than 10 degrees to warm.
Refrigerator stuck at 73 degrees,
and the door wouldn't close.
And a worker now wearing a hair restraint.
Plus,
in the food.
Mice, food served items stored in employee locker room.
Stove doesn't work properly.
Peeling paint, broken floor tiles.
Rusted can opener,
mice, dirty meatmencer,
overflowing garbage,
and on fish sticks,
left out on ill-equipped steam table,
too cold to eat.
Oh, right in the middle of lunch hour are you doing this to us?
Nice.
This is what's going on in your schools.
Does anybody care?
No.
No.
That's why your kids are about to control
and kids are killing each other.
Nobody cares about kids in this country,
and especially down here.
You can only begin to imagine
the kind of horror stories
we can get out of the cafeteria down here,
if the kids ever get in the lab, in there.
All I can say is,
is,
look at that, I won't even stay on long enough to do it.
Come on, you can do it.
It just goes off by itself.
Damn it.
Just when we're starting to have a good time with that, too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 on a phone lines
that work,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line,
and the auto-time line that does work.
877, 7, 8, 5, 0.
877, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Spy report, Rick Sanchez.
You're on the call's way.
Picking is nose.
Yeah.
He was picking a winner.
And by the way, he just came out of the closet.
Yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line,
877, 7, 8, 5, 0, 877, 7, 8, 5,
and a 63, 45.
Here's my me-shores. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Here's the bath fishing guy.
Yeah.
He was talking about,
you need a bath fishing call.
I needed a call from somebody who watches it on television.
I always watch it every weekend on the ESPN shows and all.
I think it's great.
It's great for what?
It's entertaining.
It's entertaining to watch somebody else go fishing.
If you can't go fishing in the weather's rough,
it's pretty rough, you know?
Let me ask you this.
Would it be entertaining to watch somebody else take a bowel movement?
I don't understand.
Why do you watch somebody else fish?
Why would anybody watch golf?
I mean, fish is the ones that are in golf.
I mean, three things.
Same exact thing.
No, not really, because the fish and your fish
with your rod, reel, your worms, your...
Yeah, everything.
Well, there's a lot of things you can do with your rods that might be more interesting.
Look at that.
But the fishing...
Every weekend, I've been doing it for years.
Boy!
How about that?
What do you think?
We're watching the show getting excited.
You're getting excited about it?
Sure.
You and your buddies?
Sure.
You got your rod out while you're watching it?
No, not that rod, but I got my rod.
You got your hot rod?
You even got my girlfriend into it.
Uh-huh.
So she takes months of the oil.
We go out fishing, throw the worms out.
Get a little excited.
Yeah, that's how that gets your rod out and throw the worm out.
See what she'll do with it.
I'll take that out.
You got it out.
Any way about the dam orino bait?
The farther they can keep there, we'll keep Danny.
Okay?
Okay.
Take care.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
There's a white guy who's sticking up for dam orino.
Ah!
Oh, this guy does watch bass fishing.
We're still like him.
So sick and tired of all the marino bashing that's going on.
All his bull crap.
All these ungrateful bastards in this town.
What are you done for us lately, Danny Boy?
What are you done for us?
We got this other guy.
This hero in there, this Huey Long, whatever this guy's name is,
that we don't know what his name is, but he's pretty good.
You only got sack 72 times in a four games.
877-785-0-877-785-6345-9 on the out of town line,
the Florida line, which is dead as a door nail.
I hope this thing stays on.
I'll see it.
It won't stay on.
Damn it.
And I like those little, oh, I get goose bumps here and that.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
You don't finally got through.
They're trying.
Yes.
Well, our phone system is all screwed up.
Don't tell that to the management here or to our God-day
engineer who's a great A moron.
Don't tell that to them, but our phone system.
They've never got it right.
We've been in the studio for eight months now,
and they still can't get it straightened out.
It's a good thing it's a top show.
Yeah, right.
Like, like, like, hangs for a couple of months ago.
There's nothing, you know, it's a little bit scary
when you do want a talk show on a telephone
and you can't get a phone that works.
The old Joe Castellas Saturday morning show is the greatest.
That's how he went.
I wish he would get an hour a day to talk about the number
one spectator sport in America, which is automobile race.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I'm going to spend four days down at home
instead, and we're going to go see sports,
spectacular, that draws bigger than any super balls ever drawn.
Yeah.
And when you go to Europe, the Formula One races,
each one of those races draws bigger than any soccer game.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, Neil, that is the number one sport.
Yeah.
For no ice creams, the number one flavor.
And how many black drivers do you know of?
You know, the black drivers I see are all going too slow
to be on a racetrack.
But I rather than my case.
They don't want to get stopped, you know.
I rest my case.
They don't want no crack problem.
OK, pal, good luck to you.
OK, so we got a guy that watches all the racing.
We got to watch his bass fishing.
Let's take a poll on which one's got the biggest problem.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
OK.
I have a question for you.
I read the paper this morning something about Pavel.
Bury, Mr. Doctor's appointment.
What's his appointment?
No, he didn't.
The doctor was sick.
He canceled all his appointments.
The doctor was sick.
The doctor was probably playing golf.
Does the only doctor he can go see?
Yeah, that's what I find bizarre.
You know, if there was any sense of immediacy on this,
you think that he goes to another doctor.
And I sure hope they're not taking him that clinic.
You know, I want him to include the clinic on the air.
Maybe I'd take him where Joe Rose goes.
For his head job, yeah.
You know, he'd take him to the doctor
is that they do the orthopedic men.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, let him go there.
Well, sure as hell not the Cleveland clinic.
That's all that.
Does that have a team position?
Yeah.
What's he doing?
Dr. Puss, good-yuck.
He's at the Cleveland clinic.
And now they don't want to go to him.
No, you're asking me.
I don't know.
All I know is the doctor was sick and he canceled his appointments.
And there just doesn't seem to be any sense of immediacy.
And they're not going to have to box off on the $5.
You got to cancel the game then, Paul.
I'm not thinking tomorrow night because they're afraid nobody's going to show up.
You should cancel again.
No, they should just give refunds is what they ought to do.
Yeah, people are paying to see this guy play.
He can't play because he's got a sore pinky.
Tell him to put away the sundown show.
Exactly.
Stick it up to Marie.
That sounds good to me.
Hey, Neil, have a great day.
And back to you.
Yeah, the people are getting a little bit impatient.
Okay, Pavel.
Pavel off.
They're getting impatient already, sweetheart.
Yeah, it's sticking outside ways.
Okay, let me say it again.
Any guy who's got a pinky that's sticking outside ways belongs in La Caja Fola.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
877-785-6345 on line 9 on the Florida line.
The world famous Florida line baby, it's smoking.
10 past noon at QA.
Jim Manage talks sports.
Oh, right.
Right here.
On sports radio 560 QA and...
Yeah, get ready.
Just give me that old child's religion.
I'll do the right thing down in the brain.
That's so cute.
Only as we say, just give me that old child's religion.
Our way is the best.
And if you don't fully, he's like people.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
He's like a woman.
You make your stand outside for a week.
You just give me that old child's religion.
And me and R.A.
So I could choose to find the ones in the eye
and give it to you someday.
I don't give a capitalist a life, but a portion's strong feelings.
A man should take love to his wife to a whole in the she.
The Bible is the foundation of the holy Christian man.
Like the fact that we're criticized, and who did it where it has just been?
Is it our whole time religion with the Bible to obey?
And separated to valedicts, high historians and hates just giving that whole time religion.
And by the check, you may need his and anybody else to just come to our good senses.
It is our sin.
Yeah, watch out which Christmas you should, baby, cross 16 at 5.60 W to Q.A.M.
Public schools are plagued by vermin and filth.
I love this story from New York.
And of course, like I said here, we wouldn't have that with no, not having in here.
Rats and loaches and mice and cockroats dust and all this other good stuff.
And here, human here and roaches in the food and very appetite.
So if you have any fat kids, set them up to New York to school.
They'll come back real slim.
5.6705.60, pound five.
Look at that again.
Look at this again.
Just unfricken believable.
This is two weeks in hell.
I'm not a writer book. Two weeks in hell.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, who's the only black athlete that has the blessing of both the black family of white?
The only one?
Yeah.
What is that name? Michael Jordan?
No, how about Tiger Woods.
What do you think about Tiger Woods?
Tiger Woods?
I don't think he's an athlete. Please go.
Oh, he hangs up the phone.
He hangs up the phone at their conversation.
That's our call from this, uh,
British rocket side.
Let me say it again.
He's not an athlete. He's a golfer. He plays golf.
He's a, uh, a snob is what he is.
He's a rich snob.
He has the blessing of blacks and wife.
I couldn't give a crap less about Tiger Woods.
See, this is the thing.
The black folks won't call him an admit this.
I think we've outed them on something.
They don't like the Ann Marino.
They hate him like poison because he got credit for being a great quarterback.
Even though the two receivers were black.
Seems to me to mark Clayton and Mark Dupor got all the credit in the world for being a great receivers.
I don't get it.
They don't like him because he's white.
And white guys aren't supposed to be playing in the national football league.
Okay? Maybe one of those little candy-ass punters or one of those goddamn place-kickers.
Like the guy from Dallas last night that makes about one out of every 10.
Maybe that's okay.
Here's four Myers. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, why are you, sir?
Psychotic.
I don't blame you.
Short time listener, if you're just turning me on to your show, and I've really been enjoying it the last few weeks.
Looking forward to listening to many more.
I have a question for you.
I have a chance.
I believe to come over there Saturday to watch the Panthers play Buffalo.
And I've never been over there.
Yeah.
And I heard you talking a few days ago, there's a stadium.
You said it's in a really terrible neighborhood.
Is that the one that currently comes out?
No, it is not.
Oh, okay.
Because I don't want to get off on the wrong exit.
No, the Macarena is in a great, right by my house.
You know what's going to be a good neighborhood.
Okay.
How do I know who you are?
They got a big, erled at points that you out of the ceiling?
Yeah.
Okay.
I was going to make a leaf check, and that'll be me.
Okay.
One more thing.
I was listening to the religious song you just played there.
And I wanted to tell you, the Catholics aren't the only ones that are messing up.
They're coming up as a Lutheran, up in Detroit, Michigan.
There were three pastors in our church.
I was like 13, me and my buddies are hung out.
Two of the pastors were boycotting two of my buddies' mothers.
There's no fact in the church.
Well, very good.
That's good.
At least there was women anyway.
Those were the guys who were teaching us our caddy-chism.
Right.
So...
Caddy-chism.
Yeah.
Okay, pal.
All right, Neil.
Have a great life.
Take care.
Let's take care of these last two, and I'm going to music them.
But I'm going to take a 40-50 aspirin.
Here's a pay phone implantation.
Hello.
Long time, Wesner.
First time, Collar.
And I got all my material right here in Fort Lauderdale.
All right.
I live in the United States, except for now I'm working overseas.
So I brought my wife over here to come shopping day before yesterday.
And of course, yesterday was the first day of shopping.
So I take her to one of our finest craft shops here in Fort Lauderdale.
We have a two-year-old, and we have a two-month-old.
My wife's walking through the store.
She's shopping.
She's looking with her mother.
And she's breastfeeding our son.
He's two months old.
Some lady comes down the out.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
I'm very
All right, all right.
Yeah, yeah.
She's got it down a bunch in Spanish.
That's real eyes that my wife's from Mexico and understands everything she's saying.
Tells her, lady, you can't breastfeed in this store.
She says, well, what do you mean?
There's no sign that say no breastfeeding, this is typically a woman's type of store.
Probably 70% of the customers.
So the woman goes, you can't do that.
A man's walking past my wife.
In Spanish she basically says, hey don't be a pervert and watch this woman nurse her son.
My wife's looking at the man, knowing what she said, never even had eye contact.
So then the woman walks over to the baby stroller, grabs one of the little quilts that we have in there.
Walks over to my wife, as she tries to throw a quilt over the baby and my wife, she drops the clipboard, hits the two-month-old in the head.
And of course you know my wife goes ballistic.
It hits the two-month-old in the head with the clipboard.
Now it's an accident but the idea is, you know how can she go over to our baby stroller to grab a quilt.
We've got a $70 outfit on which is made by mothers wear which is strictly so you can feed your baby and public without your bosom showing.
It's just amazing, the people we got working in this customer service area and it doesn't matter.
They don't understand these are customers.
Anyway I just want to let you know it made for a great vacation.
Thank you.
That had a good time.
Yes fantastic.
Thanks.
Thank you.
There you go another stop for a horror story.
$567.0560, pound $560 on the AT&T line.
$8777.85 NEO.
$8777.8563.45 on line 9.
I'm starting to wonder about all these phones.
You don't have to get paranoid.
That's a bad idea.
And like this one over here.
I just, I'm not sure I don't have any confidence in the great technical capacities of this radio station.
And a little bit of a bit of a bit of a broadcasting stuff.
Whatever this is.
And it's just unbelievable.
Every day if there's something new or something old or something recurring, something old, something borrowed, something blue, preferably something old like our equipment.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, like these cartex.
From before our Coney was in infant.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
There you are.
I'll say hello.
I'll call you.
Anyway.
That was another line that dialed.
Another one.
Anyway listen, you know, I'm sorry you're going through all this crap.
It's been tough.
But you still keep it up a good show.
Yeah, yeah it's great.
I just wanted to relate a story.
Something happened to me yesterday.
I worked in a dental field.
I was in a dental office yesterday waiting for one of the rooms to be empty so I can go in there and work.
And they had a newspaper, a Catholic newspaper.
I don't believe in anything.
So I'm reading this thing and basically I'm looking to see this, you know, any mention of the a child molesting crease or anything like that.
And then one of our letters to the editor is a guy asking a question, what does a church stand on a death penalty?
Yeah.
And they said, well, you know, we don't support it because it doesn't allow the criminal a chance to repent for his sins.
And it's basically being used only on minorities.
Right?
Meaning blacks and Hispanic and things like that.
So I'm looking at this thing and I'm laughing at this crap.
You know, I don't agree with it.
Yes sir.
This lady comes up to me and she says, well, why are you laughing?
She turned up to be the owner of the zoom off.
Why are you laughing?
Well, I just can't believe that what they're saying here, that this whole newspaper is so full of it.
It's like, you know, this crap.
You know, they're making believe of this world.
It's like this great place and it's not like that.
You know, it's a lot of people out there.
And basically, if I just someone said, okay, well, I'm really sorry that I killed 12 guys.
And the church is saying, okay, the new year for you.
And well, she was really upset about it and she basically kicked me out of the office.
Out of a dental office?
Right.
I'm not a religious argument in a dental office.
In a dental office?
I know.
So it's for large.
Got a lot of you bitch.
There you go.
Nice going, pal.
Yeah, you miserable damn bitch.
And she's trying to spread propaganda in a dental office.
That's f***ing bitch.
You're a little bitch.
How do you like that?
You can't go anywhere without these crazy people.
Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff.
Propagandaizing their bull crap, okay?
Go back into the stone age.
I got a great book for you, by the way, sweetheart.
Very coincidental, and you should call it a Peter N. Rosa, the vickers of Christ, the dark side of the papacy.
It'll go on a great length about the crusades and the Spanish Inquisition and the thousands and thousands and thousands of innocent men, women, and little babies that your people murdered.
Because you wanted to make them an offer that couldn't refuse.
The vickers of Christ, great reading for that bitch in the goddamn dental office, okay?
Instead of that propaganda, you got sitting out there.
Put a few copies of this in the waiting room.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
877785 Neal on the Florida line.
8777856345.
26 past noon at QAF.
The best of me on 99 CV is here.
Wooo!
At your skin of now, at all specs, music stores.
Catch me, all appearing live at the specs across from New M at 1570 Fabixie Highway and Coral Gables.
Saturday from June 2nd.
Oh god.
The best of me.
A benefit for center 1 from 560QAM.
Maybe you know my jockey shorts.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Coming over honey now.
Come and take our drive to my big house in Chathlete-Claw.
We can both get juicin maybe a little Panama.
The wife is on business.
She's out for a week.
I might get in a candy store.
It's time to cheat.
I got threats all by dogs.
So there in pieces.
You remember, literally, you're leaning parapeties.
It's gonna be a wild time.
Not my home in New York.
Dust beneath the early cheeks like a sport.
I'm just like that.
It's all good.
Coming over honey now.
Blow on my trumpet.
A little bit of Monica in my life.
A little bit of Monica without my wife.
Now, a little bit of Monica is what I see.
When she's far away, that's still what we read.
A little bit of Monica is what I need.
A little bit of Monica.
Memorally.
A little bit of Monica.
A little bit of you on my happy land.
What are you doing?
Mayfair is over at the North Perier Port.
Brought us a nice lunch today.
Mayday.
What I say, mayfair is Maydays.
Mayday.
Mayday.
Mayday.
Okay.
Anybody remember that great call by a rich generate?
Brad Mayscrewd, I want to go.
Mayday.
May remember that?
No.
No, only fat boy in me.
That's it.
A little Philly cheese steak here with some onions.
Delicious with no bread or course.
Is it going to make up for yesterday and all that food?
No.
You notice I had no calls about that because I'm the only one honest enough to admit that
I do things like that.
The eating binge.
Nobody.
But that's okay.
I'm the one that's imperfect.
All you people out there, thank God we got all you folks.
You're the perfect people.
I'm the asshole.
Thank God for me.
There's always got to be one.
Here's four peers.
Hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
We called you earlier a couple months ago.
I'll get the surfers out together.
We're just asking out here and I told them how much you were.
And I was hoping we could play that song.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I'm a Catholic myself and to be honest with you, I was against a death penalty until I went to Catholic high school and one of our professors told us that if you're at your home and someone makes them to your house and they've threatened your life and you killed them.
You're not held accountable for that because you were the same.
You're not held accountable for why?
You're not held accountable morally by the Catholic Church.
Yeah.
Well, screw the Catholic Church, okay?
Now.
How dare the Catholic Church talk about morals when they've been slaughtering all these thousands of people throughout this centuries?
How can they talk about morals?
Well, to be honest.
Not to mention molesting all the altar boys.
How can the Catholic Church be giving you any instruction on morality?
Okay, well, this wasn't the Catholic Church.
This was a particular Catholic priest.
Yeah.
Oh, is the Catholic priest and he's giving you instructions on morality?
There's no fact in the church.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, point being is that society has a right to defend itself just like any citizen does.
And that's why the death penalty should not be thrown upon by the Catholic Church, even though I'm Catholic.
I'm just certain.
And tell us about that.
I'm going to tell you that.
I'm just going to over here to stick his nose in it with our own business and not come over here and stop any executions, okay?
And have a great day.
You know, you fight the good fight.
You try to get these goddamn people off their ass.
You try to buy a goddamn phone call.
You try to listen a little bit of response.
You throw 7284,000 topics out there and you still get this because this is the land of a walking dead.
And it's never going to change.
Now what we get is a bunch of stupid ass.
We're up here at Fort Pierce.
Can you please play, and that's their idea of a phone call.
That's the idea of a talk show.
The answer is no.
Not to mention, of course, the extra little walk the floor.
Like I said, you win, I lose.
22 to 1 a QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Jim Mandage talks sports weekend right here on sports radio 560 QAM.
This station stands for nothing.
I took you to a picnic here.
That was planned.
You heavyweight mama with the great fat candy.
The hungriest girl that I ever did see with the never-made men's I-233 UA chicken.
Cambered my dessert, dark on it, and 12 with corn with blue wanted on it.
The mouth was so full that you couldn't speak, baby.
Something about the pie when it drove me crazy.
I never will forget when you tried the ram with dribble on your chin.
You said, not that.
When you finished what was left, a chicken grown.
You could fast and see the winter world.
The world is ever known.
I was deep in love.
Deep in love for me.
For you was more in love with the Franks and Beans.
My advice to you is that if what are your hips to fit in a pair of jeans from that crumbian fish.
All that summer day you ain't your sandwich.
I'm used to the bowl of tricks.
And I was your day on the picnic that day in the summer.
In the summer.
I can't believe she's about our director, Riz.
Bullwitch Harry's including the fish.
She won't forget on that picnic that day in the summer.
In the summer.
Say.
We dance like this is we sing.
Like the seas, but we.
Must tell you.
We swear with night day if you want.
These outfits declare they will take your hand.
We got men.
We swear with night day.
We look like candy.
We heard this time.
We sing like a bunch of silly ideas.
I was scared.
Our agency says we got to say.
We swear with night day.
Our big friends are 12 year old girls.
Who think we're as cute as candy.
Yes.
I think it's older than all of it get out.
We're hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure again.
Let me join you.
Why don't we go to the
next day.
We think that we have been safe.
We swear with night day.
I swear with night day.
Hey kids, you want to bring excitement to your breakfast table.
Fire up your taste buds with a hit of sugar crack.
Make sugar crack apart if you're balanced.
Once you try sugar crack, you'll never go back.
One bowl of sugar crack will have you flying through the day.
And guess what kids?
Each box of sugar crack comes to the surprise toy.
In my box of sugar crack, I got a toy gun.
Sugar crack is only available to a guy named Leroy.
It's down on the street.
You'll get your sugar crack today.
It's start your day with a hit of sugar crack.
All right.
Yes!
Sugar crack is kid tested and mother approved.
It's just something that's sugar crack.
I miss it.
Raising his thing.
I've moved the open to learn to find it.
And then I hit the street to go check out my dumb.
And what happened was why it all started.
There was a black guy, Raymond Hanford Garner.
I said to him, I was out and your blood was going down.
And look at me as if I was some kind of brain.
And you won't believe what he called me.
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
Now how did you like it?
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
That's you don't like it.
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
The hunky don't like it.
Sugar boom, sugar boom, sugar.
He said he finally faced for you.
And he pulled out his tongue, I said it.
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
I'm just learning eponix to the no one.
Then he named that the ease and said his lesson would owe you.
A rock, pop, a new rock, a rock, a rock, a rock.
As I lay there, I thought I was dying.
Someone called the paramedic.
I presume.
Then another dude said, man, you pathetic hunky boom.
Do the bonnet again, it will be good to send you.
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
Now how did you like it?
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
That's you don't like it.
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
The hunky don't like it.
Sugar boom, sugar boom, sugar boom.
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
That's you don't like it.
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
That's you don't like it.
The hunky don't like it.
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
Sugar boom, sugar boom.
So, think till 1 at 5'60", we got hanky full city today.
We got the booster at 6'10".
And then we got Eddie Kaye with the Aquatic gambling shorts
and the clock tonight.
Well, let's give it a shot.
Okay, let's see what happens this last hour and 12 minutes.
Let's give it our best shot.
Like I said, you win, I lose.
I surrender.
I'm waving a white flag.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, Lord Neil, bonnet time first time.
All right.
Hey, anyways, I just wanted to comment about that, uh,
rather than a red made, the big eagle that I saw out in a couple of years ago.
And that was just a highlight real over goal.
Just like Bill Lindsay's here, beat Ray Bork kind of his pants.
Just like Ray Whitney's going against counter-review the other night.
Yep.
That they'll be showing for the next 500 years.
And nobody in this town has got any idea what I'm talking about.
What the, please.
Anyway, I wanted to tell you that I'm going to be trying to get out of here,
trying to go to college, not play self-servant.
Please, do your social favor, man.
This is not, this is not for the living.
This is a place for the dead.
Hey, tell me where you're going to be on Wednesday night, maybe.
I'll see you up again.
We'll be right here on my hockey.
In my seat.
Sweet.
All right, next day.
101.
Yep.
All right.
Sit there, pal.
Later.
There's a hockey guy.
How do you like that?
He better get out of here.
Do we have any hockey people here?
No.
About 10 of us, that's it.
Let me ask you something.
What's going on with this line?
You know something?
At this point, at this stage of my life, I am so close.
I was thinking about this in the pool yesterday,
afternoon of all things.
And I was thinking about all the places that I've worked.
And you know, there's frustration.
They paid me a lot of money.
This is a tough town.
It always has been...
Look at that.
Look at this.
This whole phone is screwed up.
If you don't need to go.
Call this, okay?
You stupid bitch.
This whole phone is after...
And I'm sitting here ready to just get off and walk out
and throw my whole life away.
Because I work for assholes.
How do you like that?
7, 8, 9, 4.
Who do we appreciate?
Huh?
And we got Bob DeMuth from Fortmont.
And the Myers running around over here in Naples,
the river that had to come back is from one of the Beasley boys.
He's the expert on phone systems.
See, like you said,
you never worked in a real radio station before,
because this is the only place you ever worked.
Most of the people, I hate to say this,
but most of the people, especially in management positions
in this place, they would be laughed out of any real radio station,
even in this market, which this market is joke,
but they'd be laughed out of most places here.
What does that tell you?
That's right.
Even as bush league of account,
as this is with people like,
go out and want to make some own names on the earth,
would numbers smaller than their breast size,
which is saying a lot.
And we got a phone system here from a hell.
Say after day, week after week, month after month.
Can they get it right?
Oh, can they do anything right?
No.
Well, they make the effort to get it through.
And the best part of the whole deal is,
there's no sense of immediacy, you know?
I mean, is there anybody running around in a hall?
I mean, anybody tried to do anything besides your court,
so saying, oh, reboot the phone again.
You got too many calls on there.
I want to clear the lines again, get them pissed off again.
George, you're a crazy person, Mr. Coursoe.
You're a crazy, crazy, crazy person.
And I'm second tired of all the excuses in the stories.
It reminds me of last year, one day.
There was a couple months after we came here.
We're down around the second floor.
And of course, in the beginning,
remember when Greg Reed ran off to Chicago?
Because he knew it was a technical disaster,
like a coward, like a spinoffs, lying jellyfish.
Remember that?
I sure do.
And a couple of months later,
we were having more phone problems one day.
Or it was with the ISDN.
We couldn't get to the end thing on the air.
Because when we were down on the second floor,
we didn't have a hard line into the transmitter.
We were like on a phone line, doing the show every day.
Well, this particular day, the ISDN,
of a amount of many days, wasn't getting us on the air.
So George, our George calls over to their George George,
George, of the engineer and the other building,
over in the insurance street.
We got a problem over here.
We need you to...
Whatever the problem was that day.
It was some kind of a...
And George, of course, was responding.
All my cars are in the shop today.
I'm a story, my hand to the sky.
That's a true story.
My car is in the shop today.
Well, isn't there anybody else over there who's got a car
who can bring our one full-time engineer over here
and maybe get us on the air?
Maybe...
Oh, okay.
His car was in the shop.
His highness couldn't be bothered to get over here.
Maybe you should have gotten out of the hitchhike.
Is that a response?
Or on a professional radio station?
My car is in the shop.
I can't get over there.
In a station where there's 700 other people in that guy,
they're right and right and right and right.
They're going to be back up at toilet.
They were working in.
And so, guess what?
After we insisted that maybe somebody might bring him over,
somebody gave him a ride.
How do you like that?
Yeah!
Somebody gave him a ride!
What a concept!
See, there you go, making trouble again.
Trying to make these people work their own air income.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
I got a couple things.
First of all, amen.
You keep talking like that.
You're going to be fired.
You don't have to quit.
Yeah.
Farage for what?
Oh, I don't think you've ever been a hard time down there.
Anyways, move.
I'm giving him a hard time.
If you're doing a job, wouldn't you like to...
Hey, agree with you.
One hundred percent.
Let him fire my ass.
Okay, that sounds good to me.
Let him try.
Anyways, go ahead.
Fire my fat ass.
Okay.
And the rest of me, too.
Go ahead, sir.
I want to ask you, who reviewed the spots that they run for the panthers and stuff?
I was listening to the game the other day.
The pop-up was out again, correct?
Or the broken picking?
You went through that and that's the other thing.
They're running out of sideways in his finger, too, yes.
They're running the spot.
They're saying, oh, the rocket's back.
It's not near.
They're checking the stuff before they put it on there.
Anybody here?
You mean here?
Yeah.
You got to be kidding me.
I guess I got it all wrong.
I guess you got it all wrong.
We got spots on there.
Hey, wait until you hear the spot that just comes to Bob Kiddelsky and stew barns tomorrow night.
Oh, it's going to be great.
Unbelievable.
And don't forget Marty Strock.
I think we got a spot promoting Marty, too.
Unbelievable.
Wait, man, you take care.
Thank you.
Okay, pal, thanks.
Thanks for carrying enough to make a phone call, sir. God bless you.
Of course, when you got a phone, it don't work.
Oh, look at that.
Maybe line 8, please.
Be working again, okay?
See, this is very, very suspect.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to sound a little bit like paranoid.
But they're working.
They're not working.
They're on.
They're off.
What was that all about?
Well, we've taken calls today, online 8.
No, I understand that.
I do understand that.
But that's why it was vacant for a long, long time there.
I checked it.
It was not working.
Didn't you hear it when I punched it up on ear and it was going.
Like that.
Like that.
And then finally, when like.
And then just this process with cannot be between three.
A few seconds later, I had a rendezvous with C Crushy.
...is the left hand that I see below in the back
What's wrong with you?
Thank you.
Hello
Where the hell
it has ever been done in America kind of, besides the new Rogers
frickin' show honey's make-believe radio station huh.
Where else are you going to hear that crap?
This is 560 QAF.
Wake up with the first key.
No, I wrote it.
Jeff DeFarris says he goes to the road.
No, we be morning to 6.
Only on sports radio 560 QAF.
What's up?
We don't want you to wait here.
I'm a head for a water day.
I'm so watered into two hours.
I'm over.
All right.
Come on over, buddy.
Don't look here, man.
We gonna pay your bills.
We be flipping kids that ride.
And he finally beats the needs.
You know what you don't want.
You take a pumpkin tool for it.
You got a pumpkin tool for it.
It's a bus that steals the bacon.
You got a pumpkin tool.
Check that one out, Ben Dickens.
What you talking about?
You have a dime and no time.
What's up?
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, what's up?
You're a bad guy.
You're a proxie.
You're a bad guy.
You're a bad guy.
Jesus.
Let me do a homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
No.
This is me, Anthony.
Anthony.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Who's that, ho?
Homie.
Homie.
Bijouworason.
oh.
You be bowed.
Oh we don't miss a bullet.
Oh I never thought that a bullet.
I'm gone.
Now try your lil .
I never thought you would steal.
I never thought that.
But.
This is anything.
Yeah, you know, this is a similar mind to me about that.
The fact that Steve Muhammad, the defensive back from the coast that his wife didn't die
from his beating the crap out of her in the pregnant baby, that the baby wasn't still
born and she didn't die as a result of that.
And it was that car crash that she walked away from and didn't even report.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Neil, I just want to tell you not too much material, but I have the vengeance you do.
I'm fairly decent looking person.
I'm not overweight, but I'll tell you my worth enemy is the bread in the past.
So I want to let you know you're not alone.
Why is it that nobody wants to do that?
I don't want to.
Oh, because everybody's perfect.
Just you and me.
We're the only perfect.
I don't give a crap.
Yeah.
Good job.
That's nice.
I thought it might have been extreme.
I'm doing it.
I'm doing it now.
I feel better after I eat and I'm fine.
Yeah.
So I know it's not good for me.
I just got to eating all.
I mean, our good friends over there at media days, they mean well, but they brought us
all this.
I'm sure they all these onion rings and those jalapeno peppers that I like so much, those
real, all those are the best with the cheese inside.
That's the deep fried ones.
That's the pizza roll deep fried.
So I just got to eating a whole and of course my cholesterol is already high.
I have a feeling I'll probably swoon by the end of the show, but it was very good.
There you go.
Just don't do it all the time.
Yeah.
Well, listen, I was.
If I stay in this place too much longer, I will be dead before the, we turn the
effect.
We don't want that.
I'm telling you.
Listen, it's all a conspiracy.
You're trying to drive you over the edge.
Don't you see that?
Is that it?
Don't you see?
Go ahead if you see this.
No, that means.
There's a question every time you have.
If you were around here, you'd understand.
They're not that clever.
I just called to get the number and whoever she was at answer, which just hung up flat on me
as soon as the number was announced and I thought she was just the rudest thing in the world.
Did you hear her switchboard?
Oh, yeah.
Really?
I don't know if you like her, but I didn't like her.
She slammed the phone down on you.
Oh, it's Neil's number, please.
And she just get, and I go, thank you.
That's f***ing bitch.
Yeah, that's nice.
Well, you said it, not me.
Okay.
How good of her.
Take her yourself.
There's a lady who's not perfect just like me.
Okay, she binge eats.
Yes.
She.
Well, there's, they might have been, we have different shifts.
Carlos is none.
They're like all day long.
Or if it was Carlos, she would be appropriate.
Right?
Uh-huh.
Right.
Don't be so bitchy.
Don't be a bitchy queen, Carlos.
Okay?
Just because I tossed those porn magazines out yesterday, I'll allow you to like them.
Floor lines open.
1-800- what is it?
1-877-785-Neil.
Yeah, we thank Mayday's very profusely.
By the way, you want to say that even though the audience can't say it, John Roberts is a douchebag.
That's to make our buddy from Mayday's happy.
Audience can't do that, but I can do it.
Can I do it?
Uh-huh.
That's my show.
Used to be my show, but boy, I'll tell you.
We're coming to a bitter, a bitter ending here.
Yeah, it's really a very, very nasty, sad, tragic, but very expected way for this whole thing to wrap up.
I shouldn't have known from that first, from the first contact I had with this man after he had me sign the contract.
Lies and lies and lies.
Oh, we're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
State of the art studio.
Uh-uh.
We're going to run Billboard campaign counting down the days until I came back on the air.
That was a promise.
We're going to run a Billboard campaign.
And we can go 50,000 watts.
So maybe somebody could hear the station inside of a building, which is the moment they can't.
And bop, bop, bop, bop, we're going to do this.
State of the art studio.
Yeah.
Lies and lies and more lies and more.
These are wannabes, like I told you a long time ago.
These are people not to the beesleaves.
It's the wannabesleaves.
That's what I'm going to start calling them from now on.
The wannabesleaves.
Because they're wannabes.
They're broadcasters.
They're an industry joke.
But anyway, moving right along.
And then this morning, my first, I'm in a good mood this morning.
I had all that food yesterday.
I've been jade.
I got out of my car.
Who's the first person I see in a parking lot?
Screw in.
Oi!
I hear good morning, Neil.
And of course, I don't respond.
I go rushing out of there to the elevator.
I get in the elevator.
And I'm hoping I can get that thing to close.
And sure enough, she presses the button.
I mean, there's two elevators down there.
She could have waited and got on the other one.
No.
So she gets on the other side.
Good morning, Neil.
And I said, save it.
Don't waste your time.
And now she gets, we get to the second floor where she's getting her ass off of there.
And she says, what did I ever do to you?
I said, we don't have the time to get into that.
What did I ever do to you?
This devious mother scratching, game playing, covering up scandal bitch.
Well, you know, if there's any more fallout from that golf tournament, Tracy,
you're going to have to take the fall for it.
When they came up with that song, the spinners were with it.
I think Joe South did it first.
And then the spinners, games, people play.
They had her in mind when they did that song.
Games, people play.
And like I've told you so many times before, one thing about us, gay, the sphag men,
one good thing we got going, we don't have to have intimate dealings with women.
Because most women are game players.
They love to play games.
Here's Coral Springs, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Big fan of your show.
All right.
And I think what appeals to people most about your show is your ability to talk bad about your fallout.
Yeah.
But I want to say, I've got no problem in this place.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah, I won't have to embellish it a bit.
Well, I wanted you to confirm or deny something.
I found out something troubling.
And that's somebody that works at WQAM.
That's Trump.
Yeah, well, he told me that you and the beastlies are, you know, they love you.
And it's just your stick.
No, it is not.
They may love me, but I sure is how they'll love them.
Well, he claimed, you know, you got your stickest feet.
Well, I don't even know the beastlies.
What is he talking about?
I don't know the beastlies.
I've seen two of them for about two minutes twice since I've been here.
I don't know the beastlies.
I don't want to know the beastlies.
Oh, okay.
So it's not true.
No, it is absolutely untrue.
Who is this person that told you that?
I can't tell you what.
But I met him at Starbucks.
He's telling me about the station.
He worked here.
Yeah, that's the rating thing.
He works here?
Yeah.
I think you're, you know, wanting to want to tell me who it is.
Because it's not, you know, it's not, I don't know.
I wasn't saying the same douchebag was it?
No, but I just thought that would be it.
Why would you call and make a comment like that,
which happens to be a total fabrication and a lie,
and you can ask anybody in this building,
and they'll tell you that's a lie.
Anybody that knows me in those situations here,
and you won't want to tell us who it is.
It has no credibility.
Yeah, well, yeah, people, journalists over, you know,
after a real estate.
How are you a journalist?
No, I'm not.
So what does that have to do with this?
I mean, I just, if you asked me a question about somebody, you know,
I wouldn't want to expect you to say,
because I don't want to embarrass the guy.
Well, I'm a, well, because the guy is a liar.
I think I have a right to know that.
When somebody is telling you that this is just stick,
he's either avery stupid,
which is possible if he works here,
because we have a lot of stupid people,
or he's B, just a liar.
Or both.
But yeah, I just thought it might add up, though,
because you get incredible ratings.
Yeah.
You're paid real well.
Come on, let me ask you this.
And let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this.
What?
Let me ask you this.
No, no, you see, but you've got it backward.
Maybe they love me.
I despise them, okay?
You've got it backward.
Did I create the phone problems here today?
Is that stick?
Do I do I?
You can see how you, someone could come up with that conclusion, though.
Come up with that conclusion.
It makes sense.
Let me ask you.
Did I bring OJ into the golf tournament?
No, you did not.
And they didn't reprimand even the people.
I mean, they fired.
They should have fired Greg Reed.
Greg Reed is part owner of the radio station.
Oh, is he?
I didn't know that.
There you go.
I thought the beast, I thought the beast was a friend.
The beastly Reed broadcasting.
He is the Reed of Wanda Beasley Breed Broadcasting.
Right.
So you're not sick of steves with the beastly?
No, I am not.
Steves are the word for them, but we're not the cabagreat they sir.
Oh, God.
You believe anybody?
I don't even know the freaking beastly.
No one do I want to.
I mean, I dress great compared to them, and I'm a slob.
Who would that be?
Nobody I know.
Management types.
Management types are at Starbucks.
Four docks can't afford to go.
Well, we've only got 75 managers, so that really narrows it down real good.
Oh, he's the department that he's a manager.
Yeah.
Everybody's here as a freaking manager, okay?
All chiefs in O'India invent this place.
Ten past one at five sixty QAMs.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Well, I was thrown out on drugs and a few down the road.
Cause I was built with liquor and loons.
When he walked in the man with a car to the sand,
Then I'm a friend of Bill Dole, will you?
He said, hey, Ben, fellow with your skin, turnin' yellow.
Your pants are 100 and two.
Your business is three years, cause you're sharing a beer with a woman who's got ever to.
She was a friend of the day.
Won't you give me 12 steps?
Give me 12 steps?
Sponsored, give me 13, maybe more.
Trying to brush off the knob for my shoulder,
Turnin' out, give us the floor.
Give me 12 steps?
Give me 12 steps?
Sponsored, give me 13, maybe more.
No.
I'm gettin' real tired of flowin' my pages.
Been flowin' one more for.
Tryin' me to beat him.
One sixteen at five sixty, all you red next out there.
Let's go bass fishin', what do you say?
I'll put it on TV, get about the ten-sure.
Got a lot of response about that, didn't we?
No.
Five sixty seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
Line nine, floor to line, hot one.
It's smokin', eight seven seven seven eight five nil.
We pay for it, eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five.
There is God to be, there must be something to go on that we aren't in on.
You know what I'm sayin'?
There's gotta be.
There's gotta be like some massive gigantic.
Maybe the sparsches are having like a big festival, you know like that.
What is that that cool, the ones that thing they have every year?
Maybe that's goin' on now.
Cause I asked that question about why black guys hate, um,
why the sparsches hate Dan Marino so bad.
And then I had a white guy callin', or a light-complexed guy, a kind of a mocha guy.
Give me a song and a dance about how he got all the credit and Clayton and Dupor, didn't I?
But he also denied that anything to do with race.
It was just a coincidence that Danny's white and those guys are black.
That was just a coincidence, is that correct?
No.
Oh.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale, hello.
Yeah, this is a show formerly known as the Nail Roger Show?
Yes, this is it.
Oh, okay, I just wanted to make sure.
How you doin' Nail?
Okay.
Good.
I just wanna hit on a, uh, maybe a comparison of two entertainers here that are in South Florida.
It's kinda get you, um, give me my opinion and comments on it.
And one, the first entertainer is you, obviously.
You've been doin' this for 20-some years and I consider you an entertainer, you're funny.
I listen to your show every day.
And, um, you know, you obviously haven't gotten the respect at least where you're at now.
No, I'm not looking for respect.
I'm looking for response.
I'm not looking for respect.
Forget about respect in Miami, forget that.
Well, at a common decency, they should be able to provide you with the, with the, uh, people
surrounding you with the people that, uh, gonna, uh, help you program, grow, run well.
Oh, you mean, you mean inside?
Well, there's no, these people just don't know how to do it.
Don't you understand?
Yeah.
These are, uh, make-believe broadcasters who have delusions of Grand Dwar.
It's like when they got to Dolphins on a station last year with the first season.
And the pre-season, they couldn't get the post-game show on here.
I don't know how many weeks in a row they couldn't get the post-game show on here.
Mandage was ready to murder somebody because they've got all these grandiose ideas.
They want to be big shots.
They love these big ratings.
They love all the revenue that's coming in.
They just don't know how to do a show.
They don't know how to do it.
Right, right.
And, uh, the product and the people surrounding you.
I mean, you're getting no, you're getting, then, if you say no respect, it's fine.
I mean, but, you know, I think, you're being treated like crap in the manner of the people that are...
And I resent the guy that called the last guy who's giving me a son of an aunt about how he ran into somebody in the Starbucks or something, a Yuppie place.
And about, they're giving him a son of an aunt about, oh, it's just a dog and pony show.
It's just a stick and the, you and the bees, these are real tight.
What kind of crap is that?
What kind of baloney is that?
Right.
And, uh, you know, and I know you don't like to talk about this next owner, Karen, but you've been the same boat you are in reality.
And that's Danny Boy.
I mean, really, honestly, he has...
What do you mean I don't like to talk about?
Well, I mean, you know, yesterday I didn't show you anything you don't want to talk about, you don't want to hear about it.
Well, I said, I don't want to talk about the football aspect of it about Damon Heward and Dan Marino, but in terms of the lack of respect,
and the way that these people just want to crap on him now, because, you know, he maybe had a game or two that wasn't up to stuff.
I mean, how about the Indianapolis game? Did they forget about that?
Well, he's been in four games this year and two of them. He's been AFC player of the week.
Right. Right.
These people... I mean, these people call up and he's been doing it for 17 years.
Because these people are on grateful bad food here.
Exactly. They're too faced. They'll turn on you like a rat. They have no appreciation for anybody.
And that's just... You've got to accept that. If you're going to make your living here, there's nothing you can do about it.
And I'll say it again, the best example that I've been here 23 years.
Okay. Friday is my birthday, which is not a big deal, because I'm going to old fart.
The rest of the years go on. You want to minimize birthdays. You dread them. You don't look forward to them.
But I get seven birthday cards. I'm not even one for each year that I've been here.
What does that tell you? What are great feelings that this audience and I want a great relationship we've got?
Unbelievable.
Yeah. Seven.
Yep.
How old are you now? I get two.
Yeah.
I love them speechless. I love them when there's tongue hanging down to his...
Right, don't be.
Yeah, speechless. You can't believe it.
And one of the cards, by the way, was from Elistherovo in somewhere in a West Coast.
Poor Charlotte or something. I'm placed in that guy yesterday. I won from the West Coast.
From a 24-year-old guy's been listening since he was 17 years old and moved away and still listens over to around 770.
I guess. And took the time to send it. Not that it's a big deal, but it's symptomatic of an illness here.
There's a lack of warmth. This is like the Arctic here.
Warm weather, but the climate really, as far as the people are concerned, it's like the North-Frippin' Pole.
Look at this again. Look at this.
It's just like now that we got these longer commercial breaks in the old days and the IOD days, people would hold on routinely.
25 minutes, 40 minutes, an hour. There's nothing more going on here now than it was back then.
But now, if you don't get to a look at these splits, they're gone. You saw that last break.
I had eight every one of the lines that works, except in line four. Everyone lines that's working at the moment, I should say. They were all lit up.
We go into the commercial break. The first spot isn't over yet. We got two spots. Who calls left on the board? Because they won't hang on.
That's the tremendous warmth and feeling. And, you know, I have to ask myself, yeah, they're paying me a lot of money.
But this is the meaning. It's the meaning to come in every day and beg no matter what the different things are that you talk about, beg every day of your life for somebody to say something, anything.
And they still won't do it.
And this crap about, oh, I'm tight with a V-sleeve. We don't even, you know, somebody called yesterday about the fan running a spot during the dolphin game.
We not only didn't run any spot during the dolphin game, we don't even have a sandwich board for WQM. We have no promotion. We have zero.
Clear channel. Those teeth pricks. They buy an eighth of a page for Phil Henry. They're in a hero of a couple of days ago. Do we have, do we have like a response to that? Do we have like anything? Do we have a, oh, nothing?
Zero, zip any doda at a radio station where the employees have to pay for station paraphernalia for t-shirts and caps with a station logo on.
Seriously, in the history of the business, in the history of broadcasting, I don't believe there's ever been any other station anywhere.
That would have the Hutzba to charge the hired up for station crap.
35 million dollars they build last year and they want to charge these people for a lousy t-shirt or a cap or a ballpoint pen or whatever kind of crap they're peddling.
How many do you buy? Well, we have to look professional when we go out in public. Yeah, I know where to do that. You got to pay for it. I made my own. Oh, that's good.
How's Line 8 doing, by the way? Well, there you go. Line 8 is working. Line 7. Yes. Oh, it's not working. Line 4. Line 4.
Here's a mobile informer. Hello. Neil God. I just want to say I'm a first on caller and I got two questions for you. I got one question. I have a story. I don't know if you heard about a beastly employee.
I mentioned that. I had one. Yeah, okay. Okay. I'm raping a girl, but she was on top. I don't understand. Exactly. I have a question for you that the F word song you play on an occasion. Is that available on any of your CDs? No, I don't think so.
I don't know. Well, maybe it is. Maybe it's on this year's. I don't know. I'm moment, please. Thank you. Is that on your show? One moment, please. Sure. Okay. I'm looking. I got it in my hand right now in the end. I don't remember that we put that on the F word. Not on there.
Okay. Because I plan to band over here in Fort Myers and we're looking to like use that as our intro song. Right. And now I just want to ask you that and I love the show and you know be good today, man. Okay. Thanks. Yeah.
Although I would like to say the F word several times here today, by the way, to my good friends, the beastly and Greg Reed and George Corso, our chief engineer and screw an assails manager.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877785, Neil, with an I, 8777, 7856345 in it out of town line. Here's Daniel B. Chilla.
Hey, Neil. Good to talk to you today. Yes, sir. I've been dying to call you every time you bring this subject up. I've had some close personal experience with the beastly Reed Corporation and every time you get the love.
Exactly. I swear I'm going to call and this time I just had to do it. Everything that you talk about all the time is absolutely true. I cannot believe it. The story with screw am. A very close personal friend of mine used to work for the beastly Reed over in Fort Myers when we used to live over there.
The same crap went on over there that goes on over here that I hear that OJ bars that went on over there. This person was in sales. How many times this person gets screwed over by her boss?
Because they had a little insider deal going with their little circle of friends so that they could get their crap taken care of. Everybody scratching everybody else's back and this person ended up getting screwed every time.
I don't know how they have any account whatsoever with anybody. I don't know why anybody does business with these people would begin with.
I don't either. I have no idea. They don't pay their bills. They pay them whenever they feel like. They're notorious for that and even long before. See, in the beginning I blamed it on a Marlon's thing. They got a problem for the way.
But I find out that long before they ever had these debts to Wayne, Hasing and John Henry that they always have done business like this.
Yeah, I mean it's just absolutely amazing that it's just exactly that. They've always done it that way. And somehow they manage to keep on the air and new people keep coming to them and spending money with them. I don't understand why.
I mean it's absolutely ridiculous. But I'm sorry they're putting you through this. This person lasted about a year and a half with them and they finally just said, I can't take this anymore.
I'm right in the edge. I'm right in the cusp. So I hope you get the hell out of there and go somewhere else where I can still hear you hear your voice among millions and I thank you for all the things. Say how do my good friends the beesleaf?
Yeah, yeah. Right.
Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 127 to QA and Florida sucks. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word.
Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F is the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love.
As most words in the English language is derived from German the word. Which means to strike in English.
Falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb for instance John. Surely it's meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the work.
As part of an adverb surely talks to fucking much as an adverb enhancing an adjective surely is fucking beautiful as a noun.
I don't give a fuck as part of a word. Absorbed. I can look Lee or in incredible and as almost every word in a sentence.
Fuck the fucking fuckers. As you must realize there aren't too many words with a versatility of fuck as in these examples describing situations such as fraud.
I got fuck that they use car lot. This may or get trouble. I guess I'm really fuck now aggression. Don't fuck with me buddy.
Dismissile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go fuck yourself. I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. Fuck you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line our Florida line is a smoking is it smoking. It's wide open. 877 785 Niel. 877 785 6345 on the month. I guess maybe to get ready for why 2k a couple months early. The month that Florida just died.
October wasn't too bad. September was okay. November. Bottom fell out in this town. Just died. Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Niel. Yes. Yeah. I want to know why you see the dog in sucks so much because I do too. Here's a mobile in Coral Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. Hey. Wish you well. I've got a. Another good reason for you to leave.
I'm I signed up for this you heard the sun pass effort right. And found out that there's some nice little legal ease that dismisses them from any problem with providing the database to the police.
And the bottom line is if you go through two toeways and you know the distance between the toeways. In the time between the toeways when you pass through the sun pass. Yes. You can calculate your average speed and you can automatically get a speeding ticket. So. Yeah. Talk about.
Devious. Yeah. And nobody. Yeah. And this is not widely spread. I called up some pass and they said. Well, we do have to cooperate in a police investigation. Yeah. And if they choose to invest. So this is just another clever way for the FHP to write business. You got it. And then nobody knows this and you're trying to push the sun pass. The $25 a coin. Well, I don't have one. Thank God for me. Yeah. Just FYI and that one is never. That's an appointing report. But using the high ticket.
I'm not going to check what you're telling you. Thanks. And what other point? Yes, sir. It was. It's come struck me as this tie restaurant effort and discrimination against. Yeah. They're getting sued by the state now. Yes. Exactly. And print mine. I was surprised. He was out of land. A very well educated man. He says. He's very white area type. And I was surprised at that. That's why I'm surprised. But his position is.
I'm curious when I'd like your reaction to it. That is. That we're we the society are struggling with really differences in evolutionary steps where the Asian population is really the most advanced. You'll find them in research and development. High mathematics.
What is that? What is that? It was a attacking a search chart tip onto a bill for black people. What does that mean? Well, we're struggling with as an average as a mass average.
African Americans being on a lower evolutionary scale. Okay. Thanks. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 877 7 8 5 6 3 45. What was you really saying? Yeah, that's what I thought.
What? 65,000 open lines here in the last 23 minutes here. 75 million open lines waiting on you. Some of them even work. How's line 8 doing by the way? There you go. Line 7.
No, can you tell? Yeah. Here's cutler rage. Hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing? The worst the worst week. The worst two weeks of my life. It's great to talk to you.
I'm Neil. Today's my birthday. Oh, great. Now I just wanted to get in touch with this. Yeah, I've been wanting to talk to you for a while now. I'm 23 old white guy living in Miami. Yes, sir. And I'll tell you, Neil, the only reason I stay here is because they got good weed. Yeah. And that's about it. And I want to talk to you.
Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 877 7 85 Neil 877. I'm embarrassed. I'm humiliated for this radio station. I'm embarrassed for this audience.
The last week and a half I have never in my life and believe me over 23 years, that's covered a lot of territory. We've had a lot of dead spots. We've had a lot of bad days. We've had a lot of morons. I have never ever dreamed of 7 consecutive days of pure unadulterated. Absolute crap crap like this.
Oh, I see both of Brian's in there now. I thought that would cheer me up a little bit. Did it work? No, no, now I'm ready to press now. I want to go kill somebody. Maybe him. Yeah, you know something. He wouldn't enjoy it. Please kill me. Kill me. Put me out of my misery. Okay. There you go. Oh, I feel better now. I don't even have to go eat.
I don't want to know. And of course the main is people they brought all that food with the best of intentions, but I want to make myself sick again because they don't have bread and stuff. See, they keep doing it. They know I'm going to eat that. I can't eat it.
So between yesterday all the ice cream and the stickers bar and now this, even if I eat nothing the rest of the day, it's a disaster.
Because the audience is killing me and I've said this before. I remember many times I've said this. I'll say it again. Just for good old times sake.
It's kind of a toss up between is that the audience is going to put me in a grave or is it Greg Reed? Which one is it going to be? It's 50 50. It's nip and tuck. Let's take up an office pool on it.
Because these people like I've told you before you could be lying bleeding to death on the side of the roadway and they don't have time for you. They haven't got time.
You mark my words. You watch when we come back.
There you go. This is a test. This is a test to see how much you can endure. This is a test to see. I'm like I can endure.
It's just unbelievable. It's Greg Reed playing radio and the program director is going around with his client. Oh, she got to try to be helpful. I'm trying to be helpful.
Did I say 20 before to a QA? I think I said that.
Wait up with the first team. Joe Rowe, Jeff DeFarris and Steve Olte. Weep the morning to six only on sports radio 560 QA.M.
Neil God.
I'm going to play a charity role.
And then all of our thoughts on anybody. Weep the child's closing strong.
I'm going to fail right.
I'm going to throw up your ass and snide.
Rowe.
Watch the night of the night.
I'm going to throw you in the night.
I'm going to stop this from failing right.
I'm going to stop this from failing right.
Rowe.
You'll be the big job bank tonight.
I smack your hand and bruise up your mind the way you like.
Rowe.
You get my bow, your long and strong.
Get charity bodies to hold your hands no fair if it's wrong.
All right.
You're not a new wife.
You just beat my son.
The kind of bitch we've had.
You go out and do your job.
Now they take with OJ to that.
Joe.
Rowe.
That's number one with three.
We played it the first time.
What have I ever done to you?
This is the same moment I threatened a black male.
And the same moment I called up Tracy and Boston and said,
you'll have to take the fall for any more scrups on his golf tournament.
And that's just the beginning.
We don't have enough time left in the show to recount all the grandios things that this bitch has done.
What have I ever done to you?
Here's Miami Beach.
Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Male.
Yes?
I'm slipping back to work.
I need a special request from you.
Here's Coral Gable.
Hello.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the 18T line, 877-785-6345, as we move right along.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Like I said, here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got an issue to ask you about this first black band.
Let me ask you something.
Where are you standing?
Are you standing 100 feet away from the phone or what?
No, I'm right here.
I mean, I think you have a cheap phone.
Yeah.
So what do you think about this first black band is on black people in Florida?
About what?
The first black band is in Florida.
Here's a lot of their legs.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Long time listen, first time in college.
Uh-huh.
Black band, a lot of their legs, man.
I like their marina.
Yeah.
The marina is the best part of the band.
I know that you guys that hate him like poison, they won't call because they're too embarrassed
and humiliated.
And I know I'll read that they know that I'll rip him an ass.
That's right.
A bunch of pussy.
I like their marina.
I'm looking at my sports field of three.
It just came in.
It's got sweetness on the cover.
I'm going to put their marina right up there with sweetness.
There you go.
He's right up there with sweetness.
He's the best quarter back ever to play the game.
He's going to take up through the promise land.
See, we don't even deserve him.
Right.
That's right.
We don't.
We treat him bad.
And I've been there before.
I've done it before.
Uh-huh.
When he had a bad game, I said, oh, man, we need a quarter back.
But I know better now.
Uh-huh.
You better go.
You better go kiss his ring.
Have a great day, Palli.
Thank you.
All right.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
How are you?
Okay.
Yeah, that's that Andy and Hollywood.
Edith.
Sure.
It's got to be.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, at the beginning of the show, you brought up a trip to fame, right?
Yes.
That stuff was the greatest amino acid supplement.
You would take it.
It would be a...
Is it still illegal?
Oh, you can't get it, right?
What happened was a bad bad.
Yeah, they had a contaminated bag, so they just made it illegal at the Biden U.S.
All the good.
It's been illegal for about 10 years, and I'm telling you it was the greatest thing.
It would help with weight.
Yeah.
You could...
I'd take one of those 500 milligrams before I went to sleep, and I'd be out like a light and sleep, like wake up, relax.
Yeah, I should've took one at 10 o'clock this morning.
I'm telling you, but you can...
I think you can get it from...
If you talk to your doctor with the description.
And I'm telling you, you take five...
I don't think you can get it at all.
In Canada, you can get it by prescription.
I don't think in the state you can get it at all.
Oh, get some up there and bring back a load, man.
I can use some of it.
I'll bring back a load, okay.
Up by the way.
You know, you're not even in the yellow pages WQAM.
Yeah.
Oh, we can't afford it.
I...
Apparently, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, pal.
I mean, we need to trip the same path.
Thank you.
We'll work on it, thanks.
We need lots of...
Okay, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the old AT&T wireless line.
