Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami 4th Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
What a Neil called 560 560 toll free for dated broward or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is guest, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the beastly broadcast group.
Now Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped up by a finally honed meat cleaver.
This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Brain, real food for real people.
In that book I made it clear.
The magic bar was a good man is where I see you.
Magic bar at Roger's all three I come time.
Magic bar I like his walk and I like his hair.
The magic bar I watch his jeans when he's struck.
The magic bar I just love his magic bar.
The magic bar when we're on tour I just hope.
The magic bar he'll lose his grip and drop the soul.
The magic bar I see you on it.
You can't grab it on it.
Magic bar magic bar.
Okay it's 10.02.560 WQAM.
This is one of the most interesting facts I've ever gotten in my life.
First of all it's got this is great.
It's got somebody's name on it on Kindle Drive and it's crossed out and there's another guy that wrote his name on it.
And then at the end he had something written down that he decided he didn't want in there so he like you know crossed that I would have managed to marker.
And thank you Mike.
More God Bull crap you know.
Okay thank you Mike but that was enough of that yesterday I couldn't agree more.
And that was enough let's talk about important stuff today like meat.
That's what we're talking about today.
Nothing like good meat.
That's what I always say.
And we're talking about steaks.
Now actually I just had a traumatic conversation here for about a half an hour.
I'm already worn out I'm going home.
Big major debate in this place about steak.
And poor Joe Costello starts the whole thing by and you know he doesn't make any sense.
He just I don't know he just took kind of a mandy-pambi guy you know he's just kind of like a middle of the road guy.
Doesn't have any strong opinions about anything more than the other.
Maybe that's other than the feet he doesn't like he's very he's vehement about that.
He can't stand your feet.
He hasn't seen him yet probably but even if he had he guarantees he don't like him.
No matter what they look like.
You may have the best feet since Venus.
Oh Venus didn't have good arms but she had good feet.
But at any rate so he's talking about the roots Chris and about the me he would.
How did he start out about the meal?
It was like okay it wasn't great it was okay.
It was good.
His point was that he's had as good steaks for much much less.
No he did yeah he claimed that was what he said claims.
That's how he started it.
Right but then when I started grilling him about that if you're part of that expression.
Then he started on about yeah it's a miracle that the steak stays juicy and hot all the way through.
And it was boiled in butter he got extra butter which is unbelievable.
And pa pa pa pa pa pa.
And about the Italian salad was one of the best he's ever had.
And the baked potato even which ordinarily I mean what can you do a baked potato was really spectacular.
And you know I love roots Chris.
I don't care what their sponsor or not what they are in the station but even if they weren't I happen to love it.
And not out of schlepper like you guys I can go out and afford to buy a meal any place I want in anywhere.
And yes it's an expensive place and it's good that's an expensive place.
You don't want to go out for a great steak in a place where there's a bunch of schleppers hanging out.
You know it's like going into a diner and ordering a ribeye steak you know well what kind of a piece of crap is that going to be?
Do you ever get a great steak in a diner?
No of course not.
It's like going to Denny's and ordering a filet mignon you know you have to be out of your mind.
You go into certain kinds of places and get certain things like it Denny's they got their breakfast is open.
Okay huh?
And the pies those mother uh mother um mother um or pies whatever they are those are great those are some of the best pies in the world.
I can't eat pie but if I could I'd be over there right now getting pie.
I'd have a pie in the face.
Pie in my purse.
How about those sabers by the way?
How about those stars people got pie in air face this morning.
I love it.
And Terry Grickson you should only croak you miserable old fart.
Yeah last night at Eddie Belford takes a page from the Dominic Hashtag School of Overacting and results in a goal being called off and another penalty which they only called seven and a row on the sabers and they still won a game.
How do you like that?
Stubborn ties it up into third period and who wins it in overtime? Jason Wurley.
How right?
And who plays great killing off penalties and playing a great game defensively all the way around.
Ret Warner.
You know Ret Warner had some great comments in yesterday's Sunsettingle.
Oh and by the way the reason I remember the guy were delighted the editor in the herald yesterday and the reason I hadn't seen it is I didn't dawn on me till after the show I never got my herald yesterday.
Did they got the herald today?
No.
Sunsettingle today?
No.
Any paper today?
No.
No I had to go buy him which I can afford a 65 cents or whatever was with the tax but no papers today.
Because the paper boys or the paper guys whoever it is don't want to drive their cars through all the water out there in the acres and in sunrise evidently.
Which I notice with the rainy water on sunrise Boulevard.
No.
I ate this road.
No.
Broward Boulevard?
No.
Turnpike?
No.
But if you live in certain parts of town where they don't have any drainage like out by me you've got a lake.
I have a lake in the backyard.
I've got a lake in my driveway.
I have a lake out on the street every side street off one 18th Avenue.
We got lakes out there.
In fact let's start a new we'll start a new subdivision.
It's called plantation lakes.
Yeah there's sunrise lakes.
Now we got plantation lakes.
And I saw this morning on the news over on the beach they were had the big trucks you know where they suck up the water.
Like the Rotor-Rooter guy.
Or I shouldn't mention that remember I can't stand them.
But you know what I'm talking about.
How come we don't have those?
How come we don't have the equipment we're playing pretty good taxes out there.
Talking no shleppers living out there people are afford a few bucks.
How come we don't have those big water sucking trucks to clean up all of the side streets?
And even if they couldn't do it completely.
I mean at least you know at least some kind of a half ass job.
So you don't have to be out there and water waiting up to your goddamn armpits.
Anything going on like that out there?
No.
Sunrise?
No.
No.
No.
Even on the beach I saw yesterday they had some guy in the middle of the street and he's like digging and over.
And he finds the drainage thing there and he pulled the yank to thing up and the drainage thing too.
And all of a sudden you see all the water going down.
It's like it's a macarena out there in sunrise.
Remember that one night last season when it rained like cats and dogs during a hockey game and luckily it was only one night because that's the dry season.
And you walk out to the park and there's water up to your knees and guess what?
Oh gee!
$200 million we forgot a drainage system out here.
Who would need something like that?
So we got water up to our goddamn armpits out there and so let's see the garbage guide they're not going to come by.
And no newspapers.
Because God forbid they should actually take their lives in their hands and drive down the streets.
And heave the papers up on your lawn.
I mean everybody's got a part of their lawn at least out by me that you could throw the newspaper up on.
If it's properly wrapped with like double plastic wrapping which it's supposed to have isn't it? Isn't that the way it's supposed to work?
Uh huh.
Yeah.
No freaking paper.
Not but I'm complaining you know.
It's okay.
Let's all all dry up.
Here's a lady in dear field beach.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Before we get back to our meet.
Yes ma'am.
I was going to call you about the steak.
You were talking about good steak.
Uh huh.
Have you ever been to Burn State House in Tampa?
Many times yes.
Oh do you know Drew by any chance?
Drew?
Drew he's like the head manager.
I knew a burn laxer.
Is he still alive by the way?
I think Burn's still alive.
I know him.
He's a real cheap bastard by the way.
He is.
Yeah I used to send a lot of people over there because when I broadcast you on baseball we go over and play USF.
I need to always go to Burn State House.
I've been there many many times.
I sent a million people over there and I remember one night he said well I want to give you a guided tour of the whole place in Yadi Yadi.
I never try to repay other people's kindness with a free meal but I give you my best wishes.
Oh.
I mean I could afford to pay for my own meal but I just brought him so much business.
He wasn't even willing to pick up the check which I thought made him a cheap prick.
Yeah.
But it's a good place but it's not as good as Ruth's Chris number one and number two it's very overpriced.
Well the next time you go if you're in Tampa.
Yeah.
Get Drew to wait on you.
He's like the head waiter he's burnt.
And he's got the guy that does the magic tricks is he?
Oh god we had this one guy a year ago that did magic tricks which hopefully he's advanced to something else you know like the circus or something.
Right.
But he was a ponderous.
Well I'm recording some of your shows and I recorded you on Wami and I take them up to Drew when I go to Burn.
Great.
And he just absolutely loves nail Rogers and I will say one thing they have the best French onion soup in the world at Burn State House.
They don't give you quite enough but it's a small little thing but it's great.
They don't want to spoil your app right?
They don't want to overdo it.
They want you to buy that fifty dollar steak.
Okay listen have a great day sweeter.
You too nail.
Bye bye.
That's a good place for in steak house.
I mean it's no steak the road seven diner but you know I love my good friend Chuck so I'm not going to say anything about yesterday's lunch.
I'm not.
I don't do things to you know damage people that have been very nice to me and that I like but there was something about that Styrofoam cheese yesterday that he ought to investigate.
You know.
Seriously.
Maybe it really was there for maybe it was a joke you know.
You've seen that you walk into restaurants and they have like things on display that aren't for real.
You know it's like that would melt like you can't have a banana split on display it like a deli.
Like at a Walgreens counter in the old days when they had a lunch counter.
You can't have bananas so they like have plastic ones molded ones.
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm sure you do.
Maybe it was like a molded piece of cheese.
I won't say a word.
It's 11 after 10 at 5 60 WQM1.
I said get your meat.
I'm so horny for you.
Will you stop repeating me?
You want me don't you?
I'm so horny for you.
Won't you please help get me off?
Look.
I don't touch.
I want you to strip down your face again.
Cook yourself with water.
Oh baby I want you to.
My Venus was standing straight up.
Oh right.
Oh so horny.
Now got blue.
Ball.
I just want to do you.
You want me don't you?
No.
Oh over.
10 17 at 5 60 WQM1.
Your blue ball station for the 90s.
Anybody go to the Marlin game tonight?
No.
Got it on the year here.
6 30 to 3 game game at 7 o'clock.
See I'll get back to 9.
I got several things I got to interact with.
A lot of stuff here today.
Which by the way the governor has signed it into law.
Choose life.
All you feed the sugars out there.
Choose life.
What did I tell you about this Nazi bastard?
He's not what you think.
He's not in one of those fundamentalist animals.
Right.
Another good one.
In fact yesterday they had a clip of him on air pontificating about how evil casino gambling is.
So we already had a succession of governors.
How can it shine with that before this one.
But this one you see a lot in Charles vetoed that the plate by the way.
Choose life.
He vetoed that.
What did I do with that article?
I only have like yeah he vetoed it.
And the guys is that it's a support to promote adoption.
That has nothing to do with abortion.
And like some of the opponents of this said if they really wanted to promote adoption.
Why don't they put on the plate adopt the child?
Why wouldn't that make a lot more sense adopt the child?
Well what just happened to the phone thing?
Look at that.
What was that?
I mean it's okay.
It's a crap.
What is getting there?
Yes.
Now you're going to give me see I'm going to get diverted again.
I think it's I'm going to get diverted again because now we're going to talk about greed and how much he lies.
See I'm going to tell you something.
When you tell a lot of fables yourself that it's easy not to believe anybody else.
I can understand that.
You follow what I'm saying?
Then you have to question the veracity of everything everybody else tells you.
We've been working here a year and a half.
I've been in the business about 100 years.
My credibility in this business is pretty well known.
It's not like I just walked it off the street.
And when somebody comes in here like he did yesterday or whatever maybe it was on Monday.
And tells me to my face that he said and listened to seven or eight hours of the show to see if what we told him about not talking about a certain person,
a certain agency person who just lose cannon out of control, which we told him.
He wasn't mentioned on those shows.
He doesn't take our word forward.
He sits down and weighs seven or eight hours of his life listening to the tape to discover that what we told him was true.
See that's not my idea of somebody who's a bench.
And I was thinking about that coming to work this morning.
It was the same with Bob Green.
It was the same.
Not too as great of a degree.
The only two people I've ever worked for in this market who we had a mutual trust were Dick Casper and Gary Lawrence.
I could tell them something and they would take it to the bank because they knew that whatever I told him it was as good as gold.
I'm not a bull crap artist.
And just like if you say, oh please don't discuss something on the air because there's a legal ram.
There's a for whatever reason it's their radio station.
And if I tell you okay, no problem, I'm not going to discuss it on the air.
You don't have to weigh seven or eight hours listening to the tapes.
But again, when you're a bull crap artist to yourself and your own word is like Margin Ledbet.
You tend not to believe.
And of course these people believe certain people, but always the wrong people.
That's their problem.
But anyway, see you got me sidetracked there.
What was I talking about?
Meet.
No, I was before the meet.
I was talking about the Marlin thing last night.
See, this is a crime.
This is a tragedy.
And I realized they won both games.
They won seven in a row and all this other bull crap.
Who cares?
The fact is it was pouring down rain when they started the first game.
There was nobody there.
In fact on television, they announced there was nobody there.
I caught maybe a total of five minutes of a channel surfing last night.
There was nobody.
Of course there would be nobody in his right mind would be there.
But they've already sold the tickets and of course being an inner league game with the Orioles.
They've already sold a lot of tickets.
So as a result, they got your money anyway.
The concessions people wind up losing up.
But nevertheless, as far as the admissions is concerned, they already got your money which they don't want to lose.
And so that's why they played two games into almost one o'clock at a morning last night to win empty house.
Thank goodness for those crazy old Cuban exiles who showed up because they've wasn't for them.
And I didn't even want to wear the story until I opened my paper this morning.
I wondered who those crazy people were sitting in a rain last night.
The laid by rain several dozen demonstrators spread out through the stands to the United P.P. Park protesting the Orioles'
Cuba exhibition series because the Orioles were here last night.
And they wanted Peter Angelo to know he's a modicone, Antigone, he's the true Pocabra, he's come at East Day.
We hate him like poison.
So you know, I guess if you're a crazy old Cuban and you got nothing better else to do, you'll spend a few bucks and go out and buy some tickets and sit in a rain to carry out it.
And at least make it look like there's a few people who cared about the volume which there was not.
There was nobody there.
So they don't give a crap.
They already got the admissions money.
And it's interesting. I look in the paper this morning, the box score, the first game, which is not even the score of the second game was in it.
The Marlins won the second game five three, but I look under attendance and a not available.
I wonder why.
Yeah, I wonder why the attendance was not available.
They don't care.
And then of course they'll say, well see that just goes to show you.
We've got to have that dome stadium so we can, you know, with all the rain down here in the summer.
That's your home, I wouldn't play baseball.
It's one more reason why we got to have the dome stadium because you paid all that money for those tickets and you got screwed.
But at least if you had any interest, if you spent the money for the tickets, maybe a state home and watched it on TV and you stayed dry.
Although you probably, if you had any brains, watched the hockey game instead.
Nice going, Stuart.
Nice going, Jason.
Good enough for the Panther organization.
Oh, I started on that too.
See, I got too much stuff today about Red Warner and his great comments in the paper yesterday morning in the Sun Sentinel about the Panther organization and about how the young players are given no direction and they have no role and they don't know what the hell's going on.
And that's why I've told you for years now the young players in the organization never seem to improve.
They just kind of stagnate until they go someplace else and then all of a sudden like Jason Wolley, they become stars.
Fourteen points into playoffs. Nice going, Jason.
I wouldn't go all the time last night.
And spider Terry Greggson, who ought to be hung for the worst officiating in a history of human race last night in that game in Dallas.
On the worst ice, if I could begin to tell you, I was kind of indifferent before they dropped the puck to start the game.
But as I'm watching it, within the first 20 seconds, I realized how much I hate to Dallas stars.
I hate everything about that team, about the ice they play on the arena they play in everything about them.
Those old farts, geek, carbono, and Mike Keane and Brian Scruey and all others, I can't stand that bunch.
Hate them. Nice going, Saber.
So before we get back to the meat, we'll get to it.
Oh, and by the way, thank you very much to my good friend, whoever he was out there and maybe Orlando facts me the article from the New Yorker magazine, the June A tissue or whatever.
I don't know what issue it is. Well, the current issue of New Yorker.
A letter from Miami, the Harold's Cuban Revolution by Mimi Swartz about David Lawrence and about all the pandering that went on into Harold much to know avail.
And it's really just astonishing, including all the death threats from anti-castural Cuban groups that David Lawrence had to put up with and about bringing the FBI in and had to equip this car with remote control ignition.
Really nice. Not that we live in a banana republic or anything like that.
I want to pick that up in New Yorker magazine, the Harold's Cuban Revolution, which documents very well what a Harold has gone from one of the top papers in the country many years ago to the piece of terror that it's recognized as universally today.
A piece of crap.
So here's the fact from Gary who says last and this is a shocking last evening I ran across farewell to God by Charles Templeton at boarded boarders bookstore.
It's made it in the US.
I guess I do like that.
Haven't been able to put it down yet. I'm about a third of the way through. It's a fantastic book should be required reading for everybody.
Also bought an interesting book called 2000 years of disbelief by James A. Hought H. A. U. G. H. T. it profiles atheists throughout history from Aristotle to Thomas Edison and Steve Allen.
It's full of great quotes and is the book points out at the beginning most rational people throughout history have been at least agnostic whether the religion of the time is either Christian Jewish or the ancient Greek gods.
It says thanks for turning me on to the book don't ever stop talking about what a pile religion is.
I love listening to those sanctimonies jerk squirm when they're backed up against the wall.
It's pathetic when other people in your position back down from exposing religion for what it really is even when they know it's a crock.
How dare the good Christians have the temerity to insist we accept their beliefs because they can't accept that death is the end.
Nobody would be trying to undermine your faith if you left everybody else to hell alone.
Right on Gary.
Thanks for letting us know that they actually have in God's name.
I mean, yeah, not in God's name. Farewell to God in borders.
God's name that was the David Yala book about the apope.
About the corruption in the Vatican.
Oh, there's no corruption.
No.
Just propaganda you're spreading again.
Isn't it Magatabe?
So when are we getting back to meet in a moment after we do the break?
Gotta talk about stakes.
And you were telling me because I've never eaten there about and not a lot of you make sure I get the name right.
Is it Smith and Wolensky? Is that the chain? That's a run mind me beach?
Because I've heard people tell me about it, including a rumor which you know,
we see with rumor, it's only important that it's free.
Either it's free or somebody else is paying for it, then that makes it great.
But I don't want to say there was Georgia told me that it was like dog food.
Isn't that what to quote you exactly? You said crap.
Yes.
And of course it's on the deep.
Both expensive crap I've ever paid for.
And it's on the beach.
Why would you expect to find the last good meal I had on Miami Beach?
And I know there's those artsy, artsy restaurants on South Beach.
I don't go to South Beach.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I'm not interested. Not impressed.
But the last good meal I had on the beach was at the famous restaurant about 15 years ago before closed.
When the original owners still owned it there on Washington Avenue.
That was the last good meal I had on Miami Beach.
But be that as it may.
In fact, you remember, I don't know the name of the place, but remember on this station last year,
some people were opening a restaurant in the beach in the neighborhood.
I asked for that one day and it was really special.
It's luckily for them I can't remember the name of the joint.
26 past 10 at 5.60 QAM.
See who we're out the moon, man.
All across the country, people are eating beef today.
In the radio, Texas, the thing of families being poisoned by bad butter.
In Milwaukee, Stan Fletcher is choking the death at a water-stalling reunion.
And in Kittering, Maine, the gentlemen are watching over Jean Hathacornier.
Doc says a lifetime of eating burgers is blocked as arteries tighter than a hangman's news.
At the end of the day, nothing kills so many people in so many different ways.
Beef, it's what's for dinner, possibly your last dinner.
You know, that's an old bit and of course back when they came out,
they were peddling that low fat bull crap.
And the reason that Uncle Charlie or whoever he is is croaking on the lifetime of burgers is because he was eating the bread.
Oh! That's why he was eating those buns.
That bread was killing him.
The combination of all the... well, we don't care about that again.
Let's just keep it simple. Let's talk about great meat.
Hmm. Huh? I know my good meat believe me when I tell you that.
And the steaks aren't bad either.
Oh, seriously, I mean, Ruth's Chris is the best steak I've ever had in my life.
And you can argue about that. It's like, you know, what flavor I screamed you like.
But for Joe Costello, a little schlepper like him to sit in here.
And Tommy, that was, wow, disappointing.
Well, whatever he said. And then as I started grilling him on it,
I hate to keep using that word.
Oh, yeah, but you know, they cook it at those high temperatures
and it does stay warm all the way through. And it was juicy and delicious.
And you know, and he goes on about how great it was.
The problem was the price, okay?
See, this is the deal.
If you want a great meal, don't worry about price.
If you can't afford a great meal, do like what George does here.
Eat a lot of free meals. That's the way to do it.
Or like, go to the state road 7 diner across the street.
I'm sure that the price is right. It's not going to be filet mignon.
It's not going to be gourmet.
But a great meal doesn't have to be gourmet.
Sometimes some of the best stuff you ever have in your life is in a joint.
My late uncle who died several years ago told me that.
He was only worth $40 or $50 million.
He was just a cheap bastard. That's all.
So he'd like to eat in a joint because it was cheap.
He'd like greasy spoons. Maybe that's why he's dead.
But if you're going to go get a great steak, you know,
please don't try to confuse me. Like Hank, you know,
I know he's hung up on choulars. In fact, Hank will be doing his show
out at the Zia choulars today.
Yeah, he's not a choulars today.
So he's got like an incestuous relationship with him.
He likes their food. Okay.
But I've talked to many, many, many people and every single one of them is told
they that they can't get on the same league with Ruth Chris for a great steak.
And then George is sitting here, oh, well, I cook up on the grill.
I marinated and I'm an expert on the grill.
And but great. That's great. That's what you can afford.
But don't tell us. Don't try to tell me that's in the same league with a great juicy
ribeye from Ruth Chris. I go to buy Omaha steaks.
I go out and I spend my own money. Make them as a shock to you.
And I buy it because they stop bringing them for free.
Omaha steaks. And we cook up some ribeyes on the grill.
And you know, you get your steaks off. It's very good.
But is it in the same class with a great steak at Ruth's Chris?
No, I'll have to take your work for it.
No, you won't. I'll take you there sometime. I'll take you in crystal air.
And maybe even the Sabrina sheets, small portion.
Huh? No, she's more than me.
Like I said, she's not going to get a baby sickle.
I'll pay for the baby sickle. Be cheaper.
No, seriously, I'll pick you there sometime. It's great.
I'd love to. Yeah.
How's tonight? Oh, just.
In fact, we'll go with Rimmer. He'll buy the meal.
Yeah, that's the meal he's going to buy.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm getting carried away now.
Yeah, we'll just we'll just spring it on the p and there'll be another one of those surprises when they bring the check.
Oh, jeez, you have this check. Got your name on it. Here you go.
Yeah, I can just see right now. You talk about an action look on somebody's puts.
Wow. Yeah, exactly.
How'd you like those mushrooms, Jeff? They start. Yeah.
How about the appetizers? They start. Yeah.
Yeah, because he'd have to pay for it. All what he has to pay for it.
Well, wow.
But so don't confuse price. Now this woman talking about Bernstake House in Tampa.
Yes, it's got a great reputation.
And I haven't been there in many, many years. And I go, they got that big dessert room. Now I can't eat desserts.
Even though I do eat more than my share of crap, which I'm not supposed to.
But when I go out to arrest on, I don't eat dessert, which is why a couple of times it root crisp when they sprung the fish food on me there at dessert time, which I did eat of course, because I can't refuse it being a fish food holic.
And I finally said cut the crap, stop doing that.
And especially after you eat a big meal like that. And that's the thing. And I even hear the waiters and waiters saying the people in there.
We have a lot of customers who are on the atkins.
I hear them saying that.
And it's perfect. You can go there and have like a salad where you can have like a side dish to spin and start grinding or whatever and have your boiled shrimp or shrimp or shrimp cocktail and a big juicy steak have a huge meal and do a perfect that can's meal.
You can do that. So why not spoil it with some goddamn fat and in dessert or somebody forcing fish food on you that you don't want and you don't need.
Can you just see what's happening inside your body when you finish a big gigantic meal because one thing I guarantee you.
Because if you don't want them to boil the steak and butter they'll not put the butter on it but they have to ask because ordinarily they will boil your steak and butter which makes it really juicy.
But I warn you that it'll make you sh** every time.
That's right. So sit around and linger for a while. Don't get in the car right away. Don't go out now.
Don't go out and give the valley parking guy your 50 cents or whatever and hop in the car right away because you might have a very stressful drive home.
You might have to make a couple of pit stops like whatever that doll choose to be. What is that place now? Remember dolls?
See I keep asking these things and nobody ever answers the question because they're too obsessed with crap with bull crap.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, Tony. How you doing?
Great.
Do you like farm rib? Are you a farm rib?
No.
Only the end cut if I can say that.
Usually prime rib is like bloody. I like medium oil. Any steak I have.
I don't like bloody.
I would have the end cut too.
Because I think people eating steaks are like a prime rib that's just like raw. They might have just cut it right off the cow. I don't know how to believe that.
That's kind of disgusting.
They're like Dracula. Just suck the blood.
I'm not a root crisp but I have been to Burns. I've been to Shulas.
That was okay.
I've been to Morton's up in Chicago.
Yeah, that's great.
And then there was some Lowry's.
You know, they have a Lowry's feeding.
They have a couple of restaurants that they specialize in prime rib.
There's one in Chicago, Dallas, and I think Los Angeles.
I'll tell you where they had great steak houses. It was in Omaha.
Because five years in a row and I did UN baseball, we used to go out to Omaha for the college world series right away this year.
And man, we talk about great steak houses. Omaha's got some of the best.
Right. And second subject is that I was born and raised down here.
I lived through all my life. So I told you before that I'm not really up on hockey, but I do watch it.
Yeah. And that game last night was just overly exciting.
They would be trying to be great.
I mean, the hit, the hitting, the play, the nonstop.
I mean, I can't tell people that sport is not a sport or whatever.
You know, these people who just badmouthed and what a game.
But they don't understand it. They're too stupid.
Anybody that doesn't think hockey is the greatest game in the world doesn't even begin to understand it.
Right. Well, I saw it on the Fox feed on the regular TV.
And they were showing highlights of the game in 1975 up in Buffalo for the head fog and the building.
Right. Unbelievable.
How could they even fly?
Fires in the Buffalo. Right.
Excuse me. I said, yeah, it was pretty intense.
I was a flyer. But how could they even see the puck?
Right. Unbelievable. I never seen anything like that.
There was like a phenomenon to me.
And, well, it was great talking to you. Have a great day.
And go say, excuse me.
I said, go sabers and have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8.
They kicked that Dallas stars ass is what I say.
I hate those stars, man.
I'm not just bunch of in it.
Alfred Hitchcock, their coach, that big fat puddle wacker, the game dollars way back by the way.
Yeah, fat boy was in here this morning.
Our buddy from Buffalo, my good close fat personal friend,
gloating a bouncing around here like a rubber ball.
He looked like a rich generate before brick lost all the way.
In fact, I think maybe he found it.
But he deserves the credit.
Nice go on sabers.
Everybody, yeah, I got sucked into that too.
You know, well, it doesn't make any difference.
Buffalo or Toronto, they'll get swept in four by the west.
Who, what, based on what?
Based on what?
Based on that boring coma trap game that the stars play.
Then nobody in their right mind wants to see.
There was and those knowledgeable fans there, yeah, they do pack them in that they're like the fans down here, you know, they know nothing.
One play when a shot gets deflected and furthered off as stick and goes up into the crowd on a good Buffalo scoring chance and the crowd starts chanting.
Eddie, Eddie, he never even never, never got near him.
He never touched it.
Eddie, Eddie, how's Eddie feel like now, huh?
A crap.
Nice going, Eddie.
You watch you.
You just marked my words.
He'll start letting the greasy goals.
He'll revert to form.
Tigers, leverage don't change their thing.
They're crap.
Isn't that how that goes?
So anyway, like I said, Joe Castillo would know crap from a great meal.
In fact, we've got some crap all grottin' coming in today from my backyard that you might little waterlogged after yesterday, but it might be pretty good.
It might be better than that cheese and it might actually melt in the microwave.
21 before 11 at 560, WQA.
Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Join the NRA to your guns today.
Have yourself them down on Christmas Eve.
Oh, your friends away.
We'll back you all the way.
We'll send you your right to your gun.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter.
When you pass your heater, you carry a light, then to be deadly.
Come on and join today.
See your American way to be on the floor of the NRA.
Important.
Important, chat, chat, always, and for the head.
In case they're laughing, not that.
Sharpen your skills.
Feel more of those great things that you can spend your life you want all of us.
Come on and join today.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRA.
Okay, come down.
10.45 at 5.60 WQA.
And we're discussing fine meat today.
And I don't know why I'm wasting my time doing that in this town because generally speaking, most of the people here are like, you know, they gum their food.
Remember that place called Duffs with all apology to our pussy galore, to our PG?
No, you know the place I'm talking about.
The smorgasbord was right by you out there in Pemberg Pines.
On a corner of Palm and Hollywood Boulevard on Pine.
Right?
Where it used to be.
Duffs with smorgasbord, right?
And everything in there tasted the same.
The desserts tasted like the spaghetti and the meat tasted like the macaroni.
Everything was mushy because you could gum it.
Creamed whatever or cream of whatever.
I used to think that there was like an orgy going on in there because you'd walk in and do it and everybody would be going, I'm gumming, I'm gumming.
Yeah, that's right.
Exactly.
Because that's the average age down here is death.
So why should you have a lot of fine restaurants here when most of the people are looking for early bird dinners and you know, they're a bunch of barbarians.
That's why they're all running into the rascal house.
So they can be treated like barbarians.
Now, I know what is that?
What does that call on seven?
This is really a call from Dallas?
Yes, sir.
I just call them talk about a hockey game last night now.
Great game, Sabers.
Oh!
I don't know about that.
Well, what do you mean you don't know about that?
They came from behind and wanted it over time.
What do you mean you don't know about that?
You know, I just have to get out South Florida.
Now I'm back in Dallas and got a weapon of Buffalo fans.
Me meaning what?
I mean, I'm glad to be out of Dallas.
Out of Miami and for Lauderdale and stars are going to come back and kick some butt.
Based on what?
Based on that game that they had in their hand last night and they blew it.
Yeah, they chose.
They chose.
And that ISIS grotesque, they only had 12 power plays last night and they still couldn't stick it in there.
They had one power play goal and that was Hall's goal with one second left in the power play.
We'll get them back.
I don't think so.
I think you're a history man.
No, we're going to get them back.
You know, did the same thing with Colorado too.
Yeah.
We'd backbeat them.
Yeah, but Buffalo made Colorado.
They didn't had that Pat Frog.
You know, they didn't have Dominic Asherk.
Yeah, that's a problem.
You got a real problem there.
I think you may have to muscle him and head a couple of times.
No, we got the eagle.
We'll take care of him.
How any eagle had nice acting job on that goal they just allowed last night?
That was beautiful.
He didn't think he knocked him over.
He never, he didn't breathe on him man.
How would the fans act in down there?
What fan?
Buffalo fans calling in?
No.
Jumping on a bandwagon?
No, we don't have any fans.
These people don't know hockey from spaghetti with meat sauce.
Now they had to show on the local news here.
They had to go over the rules of hockey.
People down here couldn't understand why you can beat the hell out of somebody.
You just can't skate over the blue line before somebody else.
Explain to the Dallas fans by the way.
Next time somebody deflects a shot in front of the net and goes up over to the glass into the crowd and Eddie doesn't touch it.
That's not a good time to start chanting.
Eddie, Eddie, because it doesn't make them look like they know too much.
They start looking like South Florida fans, like coolest.
They are. They only have time to show it up because they made the playoffs.
They don't show up all year long.
They make the playoffs and now raise the fans.
Yeah, well tell Tom to stay home and maybe it won't be so hot in there.
And the ice won't melt like by the middle of the first period.
I will.
Thanks, let me give you a big hand.
Yes sir.
Harvey Rosenthal at the sunrise, Hilton, you're a big dish bag.
Oh, thank you.
Okay.
Harvey Rosenthal sounds Cuban to me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
We're talking great stakes today.
I don't know why it was Joe Castello.
They're gone.
I had all this other stuff here.
You know, we get flooded.
We got those license plates coming out.
We got the exile starting.
How can I try to kick in the communist?
The communist at the ball game and the only people that show up.
And John Henry rapes the public again and takes their money.
Even though nobody shows up because it's pouring down rain.
They still play the games because they got everybody's tickets.
They got the money already.
Oh yeah, but we couldn't make those games up yet.
Right.
God forbid they should give anybody their money back.
Right.
Or give them tickets for another game.
God forbid they should do that because they're already losing so much money.
Isn't this the guy that said he was going to build his own stadium for us?
Uh huh.
That's what he said.
Of course, he forgot about that.
Here's a mobile in Voint and V.
Chilla.
Neil, thank you for the setup.
I'm going to talk about a fan-friendly Marlin event last night.
Yeah.
I took three buddies to the ball game and we were, I think, you're right, about 20% of the crowd.
Our seats, I've seen tickets for a season tickets about 12 rows up between home plate and first base.
Now what time did you get there?
We got there during the first rain break at about, uh, whatever that had been about six o'clock.
Right.
And we drank that $5 bill and compared an 806 dollar hot-dose on that wall.
Right.
So then as the second game starts, I said to my friends, I said, you know what?
There's nobody in the stadium.
Why don't we move down to these blue seats where this nice little girl can take our order and we have great time?
Well, anal recend of Sam and Elliot said, oh no, you may not sit here.
I said, look, I spent $6,000 a year on four tickets.
Come here, Frank.
He said it's me or the cops.
Oh my God.
It's me or the cops in an empty stadium?
Absolutely.
An empty stadium.
So John Henry, I will expect a personal call for you.
I have renewal time.
Have a great day now.
Thanks for the good news.
In other words, John Henry, stick it up your record.
That's what this guy is saying.
That's being fan-friendly again.
They really know how to treat the public here, don't they?
No.
They really know how to make you feel like it was money well spent and they really appreciate your patronage.
No.
Especially when you're like desperate for anybody to come in the ballpark.
Is your can people around at bother to show up in the rain on a grotesque on one of the worst days in the history of this town?
It's either, uh, move back to your seats or it's the police.
Nice.
Fan-friendly.
You really know what you're doing, John Henry.
Not...
God.
Oh, here's the game again last night.
Look at this.
Here it'll be costly.
Here it is.
Brown finds Jason Wolley.
Jason, baby.
Not good enough for the Panthers.
Still barred Jason Wolley, Red Warner, Lindy Ruff.
Not good enough for the Panthers.
Just good enough for the Sabers who are going to win the Stanley Cup.
Oh, boy.
Nice going, guys.
This organization, you know, you can almost...
Smell it, speaking of fan-friendly.
The Panther organization.
That sucks the big one.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Uh, first time caller.
I'm sure.
I, um...
As long as...
I'm glad Buffalo is in there.
My ancestors from Buffalo gives me a chance to actually root for them.
Oh, Buffalo's a crappy city.
Don't give you wrong, but I like the team.
Both my folks are born there.
I think, you know, they basically came off the boat.
The, uh, the great grandparents went right to Buffalo and planted it for a while.
But I don't think anybody's there.
My dad ended up growing up part of the time in Rochester.
All right.
Now we're talking.
I think he's like a year or two behind...
No, maybe a year or two older here.
That's a great place to be from.
From, exactly.
Nine and Bob's go.
Right.
Great steak.
The Caneurs, yeah.
But on the steak subject, that's why I call them.
I've been to Smith and Wolensky's in New York.
Great steak.
I've been to play...
You know, I've been to a lot of places.
Well, how come the one here sucks in the courtyard?
I don't know.
I've never been there.
I, um...
I have not eaten a Ruth's Prius.
I've had intentions for a long time.
I've been to Burns.
I go there, um...
Probably on an average of once a year, just because it's a great experience.
But the best steak that I think I've ever put in my mouth was in a little restaurant.
I don't even remember the name.
It was like $10.95 and a little town called Fairfield, Iowa.
It was ungodly.
I think I ate it with a spoon.
Yeah.
So what...
Probably I brought it in from the backyard.
Yeah.
Well, my wife is from there.
Her sister was living there.
And every morning, this big old herd of cow, which, you know, the cows up there...
The cows up there look like art shrugs.
I think our cows look like their deer.
So, you know, there's something going on with the soil or something up there.
But it was just way too good.
We ended up having steak shift down from this little place in the tumble Iowa for like two or three years.
And we're pretty well-do for another shipment.
But I had never, ever had a steak like that before.
So it's a good one.
If you ever get to Iowa, I just think...
Yeah, I'll mark it on my...
On your I-10.
Yeah, right after Amsterdam and Rome, I think that'll be next to the Iowa.
Yeah, well, most people do that, you know, because it's on the way.
Right.
But anyway, so it's good talking to you in the first time, like I've ever called, I've been listening for years.
But can I call somebody to do this back?
Yes, sir.
Okay, Chris Martin, many, you know you're a douchebag.
Okay, thanks.
See you in Iowa.
See you in corn country, baby.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, now.
We don't have any spy reports on Smith and Wilonski because you ripped them in ass.
Yes, I don't know.
Hank ripped them in ass.
Hank ripped them in ass, yeah.
Well, we have to fight out from the audience.
I mean, maybe Hank had a pay there, you know.
Hank ripped them a big ass.
No, I believe him.
Hank's...
He's had a meal or two in his time.
He knows it.
Although, you know, I just have to differ with him on Achilles and Ruth's Christ thing because Ruth's Christ to me is just...
Oh, God.
I love it.
I'm just trying to bring it up in my mind right now.
When they bring you the steak on a sizzling platter and you pick up an African and have to hold it so that the...
The boiled butter doesn't splatter over because they're boiling it in that 800 degree, 1800 degree oven.
And it's always exactly the way you order it.
Hmm.
Exactly.
That's how I feel.
And it's good for you.
It's great for the Atkins.
It's perfect.
There's nothing like their meat.
Here's a mobile invoke.
Hello.
Hank, how are you doing today?
Great.
I think I can handicap some of these restaurant.
First of all, I grew up in New Orleans.
So I've been eating in this Ruth's since she had her original restaurant.
Right.
And it is a religious experience.
Yes, it is.
There's nothing close.
Now as far as Smith and Mollensky, I would put it on a... on a par with the Mortons.
I'm not that high on Mortons.
You don't like Mortons?
No, I don't.
I ate at Mortons in Chicago many, many years ago back when we were doing a...
a cub, they were moat up there for IOD and it was pretty good.
I find Schoeners to be a distant herd behind those two.
And I've also got a suggestion for you next time you're in Vegas.
At the Venetian, Emmer Lagosy has just opened up a steakhouse called Del Monaco's.
And it is fabulous.
No, we don't have to see him there, do we?
No, you don't.
Because I know he's got the fish house in the MGM.
I saw that and as soon as I saw his name on it, we ran in the other direction.
No, in fact, it's a very stark place.
He doesn't promote his name in there, but it is his restaurant.
Good, I don't know.
He's a large cut for lay about 14 ounces, it's fabulous.
Is it on the same league with the Ruth Chris?
I would say close.
Really?
Not quite.
Not quite, but you already got two Ruth's Chris in vain.
In fact, the best Ruth's Chris I ever had in my life with all due apologies to my friends in Fort Lauderdale was the one on Sahara in Vegas.
Oh, oh, that's a gigantic place.
That's a beautiful restaurant.
In there, give it a try and Ruth's Chris rules.
Okay.
Take care.
I'll say hi to Admiral.
Okay.
Not.
Handphone.
Oh, I can't.
I mean, this guy, you know, they stirred out and he was at his restaurant.
He was a chef and he was a food guy.
Now, all of a sudden, he's a big celebrity.
Bam, bam, you know, he's got all those suck holes in the audience, you know.
He throws a little bit of salt on something.
Bam, they're all going nuts, you know.
Ooh, yeah, right.
A bunch of ass flickers.
It's like those people in Ron Poole's audience, you know.
He gives him one of those veggie maddocks.
Oh, sorry, veggie.
He gives him one of those veggie maddocks from Bokin right away.
They're in their appointments.
Yeah, whatever you say, Ron, whatever kind of plastic piece of crap you're peddling this week for 85 easy payments of only 39.95 a piece.
We love you, Ron.
Any, any spirited ports on Smith and Walensky?
No.
No.
I'm talking about specifically the one on the beach.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line when it comes to getting the...
He's been through the keyhole watching mom and dad.
He's been through the keyhole the most I've ever had.
Mom and dad were playing play right there on the bed.
Mommy used her poopies as a teleport daddy's head.
Mommy's head was sobbing.
She almost got whipped washed.
I don't know what she was drinking but you got a nutma sash.
He's been through the keyhole and show what I see.
But I sure do like him more amazing.
I'm TV.
Mom and dad were hooked together like my winking wands.
What if I'm ice or something like that?
Mom went yellow at the shore.
Dad was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
You must have had a poopful cause she's just in where he pees.
He's been through the keyhole watching mom and dad.
He's been through the keyhole the most I've ever had.
When we watched her little longer and I started to get sick.
If daddy's name is Talver, why mom asked for gits?
Daddy grew into the ice roll back.
Mommy wanted more.
She went back on top of him but all he did was sure.
He's been through the keyhole has a minute and a half.
I can't wait to drive himself.
I'm so nervous in my class.
I can't wait to drive himself.
I'm so nervous in my class.
I'm about to go to a 5.50 WQM.
We just discovered again why this is a great job.
Not that we work for a guy that's got an overabundance of intelligence or any kind of class.
But beside that, setting him aside, please.
We got lunch coming at noon today and guess I'll give you 5,000 guesses where lunch is coming from today.
In the first 4999 they don't count.
We got lunch coming at noon today from Smith and Walensky.
Out of the beach.
We got steaks, we got cream spinach, we got all kinds of good stuff coming today.
You like that?
I like it.
See I told you George, that's right in your budget.
Free meals.
At least one free meal a day.
You can squeeze your way through or fake your way through life.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Speaking of meat, I hope the spokesman was choking on his meat last night watching that
our wonderful young teen that was traded away.
New Barnes.
Yeah, right.
William.
Jason Wolley.
Lindy Ruffa was the hell of a guy today.
Right.
Uh huh.
You know we kept the wrong guy.
Everybody that wasn't good enough for the Panthers, okay, went on and started someplace else.
Marty Strocka, Ray Shepherd found his touch again up there in Carolina.
Everybody that wasn't good enough for this organization, they went someplace else and they were kicking ass.
They weren't big enough and neither am I.
But you know, that's another story.
Yeah.
You know, it's ridiculous.
What other thing by the way?
Yeah, it's a lot easier to get rid of those players in this organization than it is for Bill Torrey to have the balls to say to the Murray's.
You guys suck.
Your professional losers get out of town and let's bring in somebody here that really knows how to do it.
One of them has got pictures of Wayne.
I don't know.
It must be and they could pictures of Wayne in the Bill Torrey, I think, with a goat in the middle.
Did you see Dave?
Did you hear Dave Elp?
Yes, Dave.
They're in the first part of that game.
You said there was the fans there.
There was nobody there.
Yeah, I heard him say.
I heard him say.
He said there's nobody here.
I only channel surfed a few times in Cug.
I did see the end of the game when Jesse Erosko was one of the big show artists in history, walked into winning one on a pitch that was 10 feet high and inside.
But yeah, I did hear Dave say that.
He said there's nobody here.
He said there's nobody here.
He goes to the front of that coming to a ballpark.
He's getting a foul ball.
You come today and get about seven or eight of them.
How do you like these guys who are season ticket holders, spend all their money for John Henry, and then they want to move down to good seats where they can be close to the action.
And it's either go back to your seats or the police, one or the other.
How do you like that?
He's an asshole.
Unbelievable.
And have a great thing.
Yeah, I mean, you would think you would think that the public addressing officer should make an announcement at that point.
You know, once it was not once it got to a certain point and say, hey, listen, all you people that bother coming out in this and climate weather, the management of the Marlins really wants to show our appreciation.
Please feel free to move down wherever you want to sit and out of the rain and whatever.
And thanks for coming on an impossible day.
No, they're not going to do that.
All of a sudden, on the worst day of the century, they decided to start playing hard ass with the fans with all 100 and showed up.
Seriously, if you took the eggsiled Cubans who showed up, the old Domino Park lunatics that showed up the protest Peter Angles, if you took them out of the mix, what you have left about two, three hundred people maybe at most most.
I'll tell you, John Henry, you may think that you're a hot shot, but you got a lot to learn about life.
If you got a lot to learn about running a sport about anything.
And yet, but at least you're consistent. You're just like your predecessor, the Wayne High Pingo organizations, every one of them don't confuse us with public relations.
It's not an RV vocabulary.
Just ask the Panther fans, those who understand the game. All 10 of us. Here's Miramar. Hello.
Now, yes, sir.
Are you great? I'll be there at 12.
Yeah, likely, Stury.
I went to the one in New York.
You're on me.
I can always go for a piece of meat and a steak tip.
I went to the one in New York City.
It was good, but Ruth Christmas is a lot better.
Really? Yeah, and Shula bites the dust in comparison to those two.
Yeah, I don't know why they're always trying to pedal a Shula's, even though we have a great working relationship with them.
And of course, everybody on the station is an awe of the old man.
That's very expensive as hell. I mean, can you imagine what a cost of print of football menus?
Yeah, that's true.
Did they really have on a football?
Yeah.
They have the menu on the...
Yeah, they have the menu on the football.
Somehow my idea of going into a great restaurant and having the menu on a football.
That's just...
Oh, God.
Yeah, I'll pass them.
But anyway, Smith and Warnesky is very good.
I think that's a little more formal than Ruth Christmas, but Ruth Christmas is to me it's the best.
Well, but that's why I like Ruth's Christmas because you can walk into a dress like a slab, which I usually am.
Yeah. They don't care as long as you've got money.
There you go.
Or sir, you go with somebody that has got money, which means we've been living our home, you know.
Yeah, definitely.
Okay.
So you're 12th.
Yeah, I'll let you know how it is.
Okay.
Yeah, we're going to let you know how the meat is and the steak too, because we got Smith and Warnesky's coming.
I hope...
You know, and what do I...
See, this is bad.
I feel bad for people when they do this because I'm not going to lie to you.
Who was it to want to...
What was the olive garden, which I've always ripped into me?
That is just...
Oh!
I'm going to tell you.
For especially having been in Italy for about, you know, 25 or through 35,000 times like I've been,
and really knowing what real Italian authentic food is all about, and then having them pass that swill off as Italian food.
So one day at I...
Oh!
The years ago, after I had done a real slice job on them, because that's my opinion.
I had their food as crap.
Okay.
And I had a horrible experience there, and I went with a billionaire yellow color.
Remember that field?
Went to the olive garden.
And instead of being like a garden, it was more like hell.
It was more like the olive hell.
The service was impossible.
The food was crap.
They were out everything.
I know it was like Mother's Day or something, whatever, but it was still horrible.
And so they sent food over to the station to try to prove the point to me that I was a bad day.
It was Mother's Day.
We really got good stuff.
So the salad comes in, it's like brown.
The lettuce is brown.
That's usually not too good of a sign when the lettuce is wilted and brown.
That's a bad beginning to an otherwise even worse experience.
I wouldn't even say that that's industrial strength of the Titan Food, the olive garden.
That's how much I despise that place.
It's not even industrial strength.
You know what I'm saying?
Look at a lot of those mom and pop places in this country.
The Americanized Titan, the bastardized Titan Food, that basically have like Chef Boyard D and Franco American.
That kind of stuff, like the rubbery pasta.
That's industrial strength.
Unlike our buddy Jeff Cohen who at least has started, no, seriously, at least like if you never get rubbery pasta there,
everything is cooked fresh.
It's al dente.
That's because the real chefs are in the kitchen.
He's out getting laid.
Boy, thank God they keep him busy.
If he was ever involved in the food, it would be a good idea to get out of business a long time ago.
But they got real people and know their stuff over there.
Anyway, nine minutes after we're left and we're food intensive today.
I have no idea why because I'm as big as an apartment complex.
Joe Castello takes all the credit for it and he wants his takes.
Oh yeah, he can come in here and have some lunch with us.
Joe Castello is one of the great people in the building, even though his car racing show has been canceled on.
Did you tell you that story about Peter Leonard?
You're a good friend by the way Peter Leonard.
He's an asshole.
Oh, he is so creepy.
I mean, maybe he's not a bad guy, but he just gives me the willies.
He gives me the willies.
Yes, I would rather see him than Todd Dreck.
But I'd rather see the two of Cobbler than Todd Dreck.
Okay, anybody.
But Peter Leonard, he's just creepy, just slimy.
Like slimy, perfect in sales, man.
He's the perfect saleswoman.
Slipy and slimy.
Like you feel like you have to go and take a shower and scrub real good after you just see him in the hallway.
We call Pete Hasb bacteria for a quote on a paper with explosive diarrhea.
The beef has eat the life.
You really should be cautious.
You could get very cautious.
The cows are victorious.
The beef has eat the life.
Pete.
Pete.
Pete.
Pete.
Pete.
So if you've already eaten in the bowl, you will leave it.
On the getting up to vomit, the beef has eat the life.
All right.
Oh!
Then the swells all the street.
I just keep getting it down.
Here.
What's the most keeping an eye on?
And by Chuno.
Chuno's curling around.
Chuno.
In front of the Chevy car.
Two barns.
And all over once in New York.
The champs.
Two.
Two.
As the Buffalo savers have tied this game at once.
The champs keeping an eye on.
He got it across.
Back it comes to shipment.
Ship the ditches shot.
They're all for it.
He's the R!
When Primo.
When Primo stops shelf from above the fight.
The quickies.
The Buffalo quickies put it away.
And Buffalo takes the lead on the power play.
Brown keeping an eye.
Chun is in front of the shore.
He says Wally.
He says Wally.
The shot burns around the world.
The shot burns around the hockey world.
And Chun says Wally.
And one.
The game is over.
It's time.
Here at the reunion arena.
All right.
Rick Jenner read.
Just going eight shot, huh?
Oh, good goosebumps here in Ami's just unbelievable.
It's 11.16 at 5.60 WQM.
Dallas stars going down in forced rate, baby.
They're sucking a big one or down there in big D.
Oh, I love it.
Who could have ever believed it?
5.60.
And especially the first few minutes, it looked like a blowout.
It looked like Dallas is just going to blow through them like Grant took Richmond.
Oh, sorry, Craig.
5.607 05.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You ever see fat boy bouncing him out here?
Anybody down on the second floor?
We're not having an earthquake.
There's not a gang bangle on up here.
It's just a fat boy.
It's bouncing around the halls with his buffalo victory last night.
And I don't blame him.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I can feel fat boy jumping on all the way up in Bokeh.
Probably the whole country can feel it.
Hey, first off, the baseball NA in the box scores means nobody attended.
Yeah, okay.
And second I got a great story for you.
Yeah.
My friend is a financial planner.
And he had an elderly woman come in of the Jewish persuasion.
Hi.
Yeah, right.
And they're going over her financial statements and everything.
And all of a sudden, he hit his mouse on his computer.
Yeah.
And he had forgot to take off the, he was checking his porn site in the morning.
So all of a sudden, he didn't know what the screen had resumed.
And there's this girl on the screen.
And she's totally getting soaked.
Oh my God.
And though the lady's like, was looking at the financial statement.
And all of a sudden, she's looking at the computer screen.
And just with her mouth wide open, go.
Oh my God.
Open wide.
That's what they're always saying.
And then he's trying to like scramble and minimalize it.
Yeah.
And he couldn't do it.
He was totally, it was the funniest story he told me all about it.
All right.
Great.
I just thought you're probably most excited to have something happen to her since her teeth fell in the glass.
She said after they finally got her off the screen,
she couldn't concentrate anymore. She had the least.
Thanks for the good news, Kyle.
Oh, by the way, speaking of teeth falling down a thing, that was another great story.
What's the rest of it I can never think of that begins with a V where I had my sliding off the toilet seat episode.
Yeah, the callers and I used to eat there all the time.
It was pretty good.
Is it 441?
In Davy.
What the hell's the entire rest of it?
Is it the V?
Vitos?
No, not Vitos.
Now I can never think of the name of this place.
I'm pretty sure it's still there.
Well, any right to make a long story short.
One other time we eat and there and there's an old woman probably probably the same one he's talking about.
And she's in the ladies room and all of a sudden she starts screaming and screaming.
Oh no, it wasn't there.
This was up in Palm Beach.
This was in Palm Beach with Bill Carter in his first wife.
And I'll never think of the name of that restaurant.
But kind of a fancy restaurant.
And a woman starts screaming in a restroom in this real old bag.
She had thrown up in the toilet and her false teeth.
Wind in the turlant.
So for that she screams.
She flushed in down the toilet.
Oh, okay.
5670560, Palm 560.
You would scream too if your dentures went down to God damn thing.
No, I just reach and get them out.
Yeah, I'll wind it out and we'll reach in and grab them out.
What a crappy way to lose your teeth, huh?
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
A mobile implantation.
Vinnie's.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, you're Vinnie.
That's right.
How you doing today?
Great.
I tuned in just in time for you to hear you talk about the public relations not about the Marlins.
Yeah, they talked about it.
I've been in the business for many, many years and you hit it right on the teams down here.
Don't do what public relations is supposed to be all about, which is building goodwill and credibility and respect among its constituents.
And that's just something happened down here.
So why should they start now?
No, their whole mentality is just keep building us newer arenas and new stadiums and just keep coming out like we're somehow obligated to do it and keep renewing your season tickets.
And we'll do whatever we want to.
We'll treat you like crap.
Exactly, Neil.
And even even my students understand, first year, I first year public relations student understands you have to build goodwill before you can call on anybody to do anything.
Right.
And that's nothing happened down here.
It's take, take, take.
Yeah.
You're absolutely right.
One other quick thing before I run out of totally run out of material, you know, we talked a lot about the whether God exists.
You know, I found the truth that God exists.
Yeah.
It's in your insurance policy.
It says active God.
Active God, yeah.
Something happens, active God.
Well, because there it is.
The statistics faster than it keeps like yesterday.
All that rain we had, another active God.
He's pissed off, you know.
He must be angry.
Very temperamental.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
No public relations in this town.
So you can't complain about him.
5, 6, 7.
I'll tell you one thing.
This town don't know their meat.
We're just not getting the kind of response on that that I thought we would.
I mean, a guy like Joe Costello or Schlapper like him that's making 250 an hour.
And it's just desperately hanging out on that Saturday morning, racing hour at 6 o'clock in the morning.
And he's got the nerve to say, well, you know, it's good.
It was kind of disappointing.
I can't imagine anybody.
Although I'll tell you out.
No, I'll give you one much better than that.
Your favorite, favorite friend in the whole world.
Okay.
Your most favorite person.
Hey, stop that one.
One of the many, many times that I took him in his lovely and much more appreciative wife to dinner at Ruth's Chris.
And he's, and keep in mind, I'm buying, of course, what she goes without saying except for one time.
I'm buying.
He orders an appetizer and a salad, which I don't care.
I don't be grudge.
If I invite you to dinner, get whatever you want.
Get the most expensive thing on the menu and the steak.
So I get to buy.
He gets a New York strip or whatever.
And he's like halfway through it.
Not that he left any on the plate, keep in mind.
He's halfway through it.
And I'm going on about how great the ribay is and how juicy.
And he's saying, yeah, I think I'll try that next time.
That must be a lot better than this.
In other words, it was disappointing.
I was buying it at a very, very expensive dinner.
And he's saying, they stuck.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
So that goes even step beyond Joe Castello.
Because in this case, I'm buying dinner for somebody else in this.
And he's saying, this is raining really all that great.
Yours must be a better cut amita, which it is.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How's it going, Nelson?
Great.
You were talking about a joint like the Olive Garden.
Let me say something.
You don't know bad dining.
Something you've eaten at.
Remino's Mariconi Health.
Well, it's Mariconi Grill, but you know.
We call it the Mariconi Health.
Let me say something.
There's nothing worse than Rednext trying to do a salient.
I'm talking about bland tasteless, experimental.
It's like, you know, Italian food on the go.
Because everything's already pretty much prepared.
Like, once you get any order, you're dealing with it.
Prefabricated, yeah.
Yeah, like the pasta they just run it through real hot water, like real quick.
And they put the sauce over and...
There we go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think they're bringing lunch Friday.
Are you serious?
No, I'm just kidding.
Oh, man.
I mean, if I may say this, too many times better than the olive garden.
And that's, you know, that's saying a lot.
Okay.
Anyways, you know, you know, a very popular topic with you is doctors, how they're killing us.
Yes.
Saturday night I had to go to an emergency room for like a...
I had like a discomfort in my ear.
It looked like about three in the morning, right?
I'm sitting there, I'm waiting for the doctor.
It took about an hour for the guy to come see me.
People had us, nobody in the emergency room.
It was like the only guy there.
You could see Tumble, we're drilling on the hallways.
Yeah.
The guy says, well, you know, we're going to have to do a irrigation near here.
So I'm like, okay.
The guy comes back three hours later.
But the whole time that I was laying there in the emergency room, I could hear them in the next room.
They're all having a little priority talking about better date, better food, better food.
And if I lay there and this one, we got out of here having drinks and other...
Yeah.
Yeah.
They don't want to disappoint you.
I mean, the experience at the emergency room in any hospital is always you have to wait for an hour before they come in to get you.
And then you have to lay on the gurney in the hallway for at least another one to two hours at minimum.
And then you get a bill of about 300 bucks.
Exactly.
Yeah. Well, meanwhile, I'm sitting there with an ear animal sticking out of my ear.
And you know, I'm waiting for the doctor to come back.
And I mean, I can hear them in the next room.
They were having a bath.
Yeah.
They were talking about who's getting laid with who?
Great.
At least they were having a good time, thanks for the good news.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
Even doctors got to get laid just as Dr. Mark, right?
That's right.
But even they need a little action every now and then.
And again, and again.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hi, this is John.
Yes, John.
Yes, I just wanted to know, while originally I'm from Rochester, by the way.
And I got news from my relatives up there that the Americans are in the caulder cup.
I know if you were where they're.
No, I was not aware of that.
Unfortunately, they're down two games to zero against Boston.
Yeah.
And also, I don't know if you were aware that the Americans are Buffalo's farm team.
Yes, I am aware that.
In fact, on Empire on the small dish on the satellite, they show many of the Amherst games on Empire.
Great. I'll have to mark that down.
I don't know too much about stakes, but when I live in Rochester, I like to go to Don and Bob's
or Vic and Irv's where they're a white hot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Can't be there a meat that's done at the Don of Bob's.
Right.
Anyways, great show.
I'm a long time listener and keep up the good work.
I'll see you on Monroe Avenue.
Okay.
Okay.
Don and Bob's right there by a bright and elementary.
Let's talk about Rochester, shall we?
No.
No.
5667-0560-050560.
There's nothing but spartus left in Rochester anyway.
That's why we all got out.
I mean, that's a terrible thing to say.
We love our black, our dark, and conflicted friends.
It's just we don't want to live too close.
What?
What's wrong with that?
You can like people.
Let us meet you in a wanna live next door.
Especially when you're the only white person left in the hood.
You just kind of get out.
You know?
Kind of like that cuba thing we were talking about.
Like a few years ago, I drove back to the house where I was like the first house I ever lived.
I'm used to be called OK Terrace in Rochester.
Now it's called Not So OK Terrace.
There's no white people there anymore.
Used to be all Jews.
Now it's all dark.
How come neighborhoods go like that?
All at first it's all Jews.
Then it's all dark.
Because the Jews saw it.
They're the darkies.
Well, we'll show you a thing or two.
Teach you to move into our neighborhood.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM.
Where's my meat?
Look at all the red-sick girls cut off certain hair and girls going to the bar to get free drinks.
Get me five red-necks like WQCH night on cops.
They're what put the c***** in country.
Look at all the red-necks, let's eat lunch at Peter Hut in their green side wonder while my shorts.
Place by like an old wits off their pickups right not so long and promise in the Lord to breed the poor.
Somebody tell me why I'll trailer hearts by life.
Can't over tomato soup from hell?
Nipple rings and bellies tie them up.
And build a Jesus welcome answer.
Brother, place the banjo in the tree.
Take pride in her heritage.
It says who says who still the best.
Countations of a Christian family.
Born again.
Born again.
It raised the Lord.
Oh, right.
And banks and dead receivers went there for war?
Damn, God!
What with cherries when you're doomed?
You sound so crisp next to the Jews.
What the f***?
It's a durin.
What a 31 and 560 WQM.
We got 600 open lines here.
I'm bitterly disappointed as usual.
Doesn't make any difference.
Haven't I told you this before many times?
I have no difference what the topic is.
They don't know what it's all about.
We're talking about meat.
We're talking about great steaks.
We're talking about getting your money's worth, getting really succulent, something good.
See, Ben and Jerry's like, you know, that's about as far as they can go.
That's about the level of this time, which is great stuff by the way.
I mean, I love it.
But once you start talking like fancy expensive steak houses, it kind of cuts it to the table.
And it's down to a very, very precious view.
Those of us who have more than like, you know, two or three bucks an hour that we made.
That leaves your job.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, and by the way, for those people that were like living in Dying on every moment of George's bonus
from, however many months ago it was that he finally got,
well, we got a new one from the winner book, the greatest book in the history of WQA.
And more we had that gigantic number where George had a bonus coming from the ring.
Did he get it yet?
No.
No.
Put the data that come out.
Put the data what come out?
The book, April something was March, January, February, March,
so it came out April of the end April.
And this is only like the middle of June, what are you complaining about?
This doesn't even begin to compare with that last lag.
And so you remember the excuse was on the first one you didn't sign a contract yet
and it wasn't written in there and another Gregory Lai, which he does famously.
See, I was just thinking that during the last break, people who lie a lot,
they're the ones who are skeptical of it.
They don't believe anybody else because they figure everybody as big of a bull crap artist as they are.
So that's why, you know, if we can tell them, oh, you know, we didn't discuss that on yesterday.
He'll still go and listen to four hours worth of tape, which I take is a great personal insult, by the way,
and slap in the face, but coming from him, not unexpected.
Because he's a real classy guy.
560, 705, 60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Western. Hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got three distinct places for you.
Yeah, but they're all in the New York area.
Well, so what good they're going to do me? We're not in New York.
I tune in with you.
It's like they got a call from Iowa.
You know, I'm not going to Iowa any time this week.
Yeah, I tune in with you.
I didn't know whether you wanted places just in Miami or...
Well, sure, we want places that we can relate to here.
I mean, there's probably great stake houses in Anchorage too, but I'm not going there this month.
Okay.
All right.
Okay. Thanks anyway, and don't do it again.
Yeah, great stake houses in New York.
How about Detroit, great stake houses?
I don't care about all these other places.
We care about here.
How about here.
Anybody know about here?
No.
I don't know.
Like there's a Morton stake house, I believe, on Kiva's gain.
So I've been told I've never been there.
And I'm sure I know it's part of the same chain from the Mortons from Chicago.
Have I ever had a call about that?
No.
Anything about it?
Maybe maybe a 20 years ago.
You come on, you ask for some simple information.
It's like the day that I was talking about Howard Kleinberg's column in Miami Herald about the famous restaurant.
Remember that day?
A few months ago?
What a great column and right on target.
And could I get any response on that?
No. No.
I don't know what kind of la, la land these people live in.
I have no clue.
They're all going through the drive through right now.
It's some, you know, some crap hole place.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
They're all going to say hi to Dave Thomas now.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil Howard.
Hello, I do like Wendy's.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I want to tell you a funny story.
You were telling about the old bag that dropped her teeth in the toilet.
Yes, flushed them down the toilet.
Right.
Did you remember the restaurant the C-chan, long sense gallon.
They used to be, you're talking about 125th in disgain or 135th in disgain?
Yeah, exactly.
It used to be Rocky Graziani's before that years ago.
I don't remember that.
Well, long sense gallon the C-chan, it was a favorite hangout for the old farts.
Yeah.
My wife and I were in there and this old bag, the stuff, leaves her table, hobbles out to the parking lot, comes walking back in.
Has anybody seen a shoe?
She made it all the way to the parking lot.
Yeah.
And away her claws onto the table and pulls out this floor and shield.
She's still on the old bag where it looked like three trunks.
Uh-huh.
Somehow she made it all the way out to the parking lot and realized she forgot her shoe.
She's...
Yeah.
I just, every time I think about it, that makes me glad.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
There's no sense.
There's no feeling.
Exactly.
There you go.
That's all I got for you.
Thanks for the good news.
5.
5.
6.
7.
05.
60.
05.
That used to be Rocky Grotseonis.
I do believe the C-Shanty many, many years ago and that was a real good attendant.
And I brought that up over the years.
Nobody ever responded.
No.
No, because nobody's ever been here.
See, I'm the only one that stuck here after all these years.
That's why nobody talks about the famous because nobody was here then.
Everybody that's here now with some place else back then.
The same with Rocky Grotseonis.
The same with the New York steakhouse.
Now, there was a place that had great steaks, but it's so long ago I forget.
Remember that big fat guy you don't, but what though he's dead long since because he was big and fat and he's dead.
He had a heart attack.
Good guy.
That's where Big Wilson used to take a lot of the piano.
And by the way, he's dead too and he was big and fat.
He used to play the piano with the New York steakhouse, which originally was over on the beach.
And then they moved to Biscayne and the hundred and whatever it was.
Which didn't last very long.
Marty OG, it's coming back.
How do you like that?
His name was Marty Something or Other.
Jewish guy from New York.
There's only three million of those.
But that was his name.
Marty Sussman.
Oh God, if I got a brain, if I got a mind.
Oh my God.
Marty Sussman and the New York steakhouse.
That was a great place, I think.
Although, let me tell you one thing about steak houses.
Let me do it right off the bat.
If you go into a place where there are steaks and on the table, there is like A1 sauce and Tabasco sauce.
You know that it's not going to be the best.
You know what I'm saying?
And I do like, what's that good steak sauce that Peter Luger.
Peter Luger.
Oh, I love that.
Where the hell do they have Peter Luger's?
Oh, I know where they had it in the dining room at the track.
At Pompano Park.
You said they had it at Burns when you went there, said.
No, they didn't.
They didn't.
At Burns?
I'm sure that's with the first place that I heard of it was when you were doing all those
Tampa shows and going up there.
Oh, maybe they did.
Not too long, but I don't remember.
I don't know.
No, of course they didn't have Peter.
They did.
That's the first time I heard of it.
So that's not the showy that Burns couldn't possibly be as good as Ruth's Chris, because any place
where you have to put steak sauce on the steak, all that is is to add flavor to a tasteless piece
of shoelether.
And I'm sure that they have all kinds of steak sauce as a root of the crisp if you ask for them.
But if you ask for them, I'm going to like shoot you in the leg at the very least.
That's criminal.
Any but that would go into a place like that that boils their steaks in butter and it's sizzling
and juicy.
And I mean the flavor is just bursting from everybody and you want to you want to drown it in steak sauce?
Oh, your taste is so glash.
It's hopeless.
I mean, give me a break.
So if Burns steak house, I think you're right.
They have Peter Luger steak house.
Steaks house.
You don't want to be putting steak sauce on a really good piece of meat.
The only thing you want to do is cover up the bad taste.
It's like an other kind of meat.
Remember, Erin Summer?
She was selling all those different kinds of flavored things there.
You put on happy honey there.
Exactly.
To cover up the bad taste.
To cover up that real salty taste.
21 before noon of the Pecorino.
I have 560 WQA and...
Same folks.
Shoot away from the ball, mother f***er.
It's to your full sleep, folks.
We're calling for a try like me.
Or it's your back you can't so fall in.
So that is we still.
That's all we've got today.
The time for such a deal.
To get it will not shout like me.
Be here.
At the Chinese restaurant.
The school's the same.
My teeth fell out again.
Tipped away.
Tung suit.
All right.
To retrieve that asserting way.
No one's near the dumpling tray.
So I used the school.
Only the front of the place was streaming.
It was high and gold.
Through down his hip it said he's leaving.
The soup's too cold.
We had so much to live for.
We thought it was much to live.
To get there we'd not shout like me.
To get there we'd not shout like me.
And of course a lot of the good restaurants from years gone by.
I've gone out of business because the old farts stole them out of business.
They took all the silverware.
They just ripped them off something fierce.
The whole bumper next change is vanished.
Except one in Hollywood that they make a leaf bumper next.
The original bumper next all disappeared.
Thank you so much for stealing them blind.
For taking the silverware and the sweet and low.
All the other stuff that you denied over the years.
You robbed them blind and made all the way trusses quit.
And brought them the tears and put them all out of business.
Thank you so much.
Of course one of those people care because they're all dead now anyway.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Good morning Neil.
Yes sir.
What I enjoy doing is when I get on the plane you read the Airfly,
the airline magazine that has America's top 10 state houses.
Yeah but it's always independent state houses.
Right and I don't know if they're even in order or if you think so.
Because this past I took a ship to San Diego and a place out there called Rainwater's was the best and I went there.
It was good but I don't think it compares to Ruth's Chris or I haven't been to Shulas.
I do love Burns.
I think Burns is just an experience and I've only been there a couple of times.
I wonder why that's not on the list.
It's never on the list.
No it hasn't been on the list in years.
And I grew up up north and my dad used to come out of Tampa on business and time of time.
He's being back to menu and it was just like, I mean it's a chart.
It's not a menu.
Yeah it's the only place I've ever been in my life where you're already or state by the weight.
I know it's a 12 ounce, 14 ounce, 30 ounce.
I mean if you add, it's amazing.
And it'll stay like this.
It'll say very rare, not recommended like 15 seconds per side.
It's pretty, it is an experience and the reserve room is wonderful.
I went there last summer and it was really really good.
I don't know how much it slipped if it has.
One place an area that you frequent often is I was steered towards Gallagher State House in Las Vegas last time I was there.
Gallagher is in New York, New York Hotel.
And wonderful.
Is it really?
Probably it has to be one of my top five steaks of all time.
Good atmosphere, not exorbitantly priced.
Really really good so I would highly recommend that.
And not that you get to Atlanta often, I stopped at the place of the bulls in Atlanta, which was in that magazine.
I've heard of that, you know.
That's where I read it, the bulls.
Yeah, real real real good.
And cigar friendly and casual atmosphere, you know, I have to wear jackets, you just roll the jacket.
Absolutely.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Yep.
Yeah, I've seen a few bulls in Atlanta.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's New York, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I'm the New York people who are State houses is by far the best in the nation.
Yeah.
By far.
But we don't have them here.
That's unfortunate.
You know, and you know what they don't dance?
But let me ask you this.
You know they don't take credit cards, Neil.
But let me ask you a question.
Why is it then that they make that steak sauce, which is very good, by the way, in this loaded wood sugar and very high in carbohydrates, you really don't want if you're on the atkins?
But why is it that they make something that's so great you can drink it out of the bottle?
If their steaks are so good, you shouldn't have to put any steak sauce on it.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, you see, the whole thing is the ambiance of the old German restaurant and their fries are tremendous.
They're blocked potatoes in the spinach.
It's just tremendous.
So it's really the whole meal.
But the steak is very good, even without the steak sauce.
And fortunately, you can't get the steak sauce in most major chains throughout the country.
Right.
Another place that's really good that I went to is in Saga's Massachusetts.
Oh, God, I forgot the name of it.
Adventure Car Hop.
It's like a barn.
Yeah.
Now, what are you laughing about, Stuart?
There was a place called Adventure Car Hop on Route 1 in Saga's Massachusetts owned by Arne Ginsburg, who used to be on WMEX in Boston a hundred years ago.
Neil, it was a great place.
Yes, sir.
Others steak houses in New York, sparks.
Yeah.
Big Paul Car Hop.
Okay, well, look at me.
And the Bronx.
Okay.
We don't care about New York.
Don't you understand?
This guy calls right away.
I'm glad for you.
Okay.
You got a lot of great restaurants in New York.
We know that anybody with a brain knows that New York is just, they're more, they're more great restaurants in one block in New York than in a whole state of Florida.
We know that.
Give us a break.
Okay.
This guy's killing me.
Saga's Massachusetts.
Then there's this place in Dearborn, Michigan.
And there's a place in Inxter.
Uh, if you're dark enough, I mean, stop already.
Okay.
We're talking about us.
See, this is the problem.
Nobody cares about us.
Even we don't care about us.
I don't give a rat's ass about New York or some restaurant in Oklahoma City or in San Diego.
Nobody cares.
God, they have great food in Hawaii, too, man.
Phenomenal.
It only takes about a hundred hours to fly there.
But God, they got fantastic food there.
I'm just unbelievable.
Would I go back there?
No.
No.
No way.
I was there six times.
It was great.
And now it's like overcrowded and congested and waka-key.
And I don't want to go.
I don't want to hear about the other islands about Maui.
I'm not interested in scenery.
If I want scenery, I can go over here and watch the old people riding on the beach.
I don't need to worry about scenery.
Too congested.
Takes too long to get there.
Here's a mobile in Green Acres.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Great.
Yeah.
We've got two things in common.
The number one, I spoke to you once at Pompo-no.
My father drove a little brown jug winners.
He trained to victory with Benny the Whip Webster.
Number one.
Your father was Benny Webster?
No, no, no.
My father was a harness owner.
What did he say?
He drove him.
No, he actually was an owner, driver, and trainer.
But when he raised it, what was his name?
His name was Lee Benson.
Oh, never mind.
Yeah.
He was mostly at the Yonkers, Medellins, and Roosevelt.
The first harness racing driver I ever interviewed was Benny the Whip Webster.
It's the TV Downs about how he used to go.
That's right.
36 years ago, yeah.
Benny was great in his day.
Now, let's see, Benny, his last race, what?
20 years ago, he won a race?
Something like that.
He's still driving every night, but he don't cross that finish line too often.
Hey, by the way, before I get to the steakhouse, you know what ever happened to her, right?
He was entided.
He wasn't guided, I know.
You won't see him no more.
He's gone for good.
But the rest of the mishpothra, they're all driving, still vain, Phillyon, and they're all doing it.
Oh, cheers.
Do you remember one of Phillyon's?
As long as there's harness racing going on, you'll never run out.
He runs Phillyon, yeah.
Anyway, that Morton steakhouse is outstanding.
There is one here in Palm Beach close to where I live.
It is very good, but even better than that, there's one in Boca called New York Prime.
Yeah.
Off-Glaze Road, I compare it easily to Ruth Chris.
Peter Leonard just called about that.
They are just outstanding.
The ribeye is unbelievable.
I love that.
I love that.
The ribeye is my favorite cut of steak.
There's nothing like that.
It's mine too.
You see ribeye.
Oh, man.
Then you will love it.
I know you're about to know.
People like it in New York strip.
I used to get New York strip all the time in a steakhouse years ago.
And I guess there was a lot more boring than that I am now, or less adventurous.
And I never realized how boring New York strip is until you start eating ribeye.
ribeye is the best.
And I also like a good porterhouse.
Right.
And this place, I took my wife for anniversary last year.
And they gave me a 28 ounce ribeye as thick and as juicy.
Just enough fat to make it delicious.
You would love it.
This is about an hour from you north in Boca, right off-Glaze Road,
you need a reservation.
It's called New York Prime.
Okay.
Definitely worth your while.
And try the Mortons because it is outstanding.
Okay. And say how do buddy Gilmore?
And go Mario in the penguins once he gets the theme back.
Yeah, it looks like they are okay.
It looks like they are going to be okay.
Oh, thank God.
Okay, see ya.
Take care, Neil.
All right.
There you go.
Benny, the whip lobster.
Let's get some harness racing talk going.
No.
No.
5, 6, 7.
I don't want you to take it personally, Bruce.
But I am really tired of Bruce Ranger winning every goddamn race.
Let somebody else win one.
Come on.
Just one time, Bruce.
Let somebody else win one race.
Just one once a week.
No.
Come on.
You are doing great, Bruce.
But just one.
Come on.
No.
Besides jerking that.
Jerking go taking that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 85, 65, 50, 50, 50, 60 on a 18t line,
play just minutes away.
This is going to be really nice.
Oh, so I started to say before you interrupted me
where I interrupted myself as I want to do,
about the olive garden, that whole thing,
and about how you know you miss past judgment,
based on when they bring it in,
and I was, I was started to say that I am a little bit nervous
about Smith and Wilkinsky standing in the meal over because first
of all, stake doesn't ship well.
You know what I am saying?
You can have the most, first of all,
First of all, roots can never do that because they't open for lunch anyway.
At least not here.
They do in this, on the one on Sayher, and Vegas.
They're open for lunch and dinner, but if you go to Vegas just for your info.
But they don't open for lunch.
In addition, which they're so far away from here by the stake time stay got here it
will be like rubber.
So I'm concerned.
I'm hoping, do you follow what I'm saying?
I'm hoping that we don't have their experience before because we have had people since
stakes in the past.
And by the time they get here it loses a little something in the translation.
Like all the juice.
Yeah, all the juice.
You know, I'm talking, and Roy gets upset every time we lose the juice.
Oh, man.
Roy!
Get real upset.
In fact, a lot of us have been trying to tell him that, lose the juice, and he refuses to do it.
So when I'm starting to say again, I want you guys to turn around and go back to the beach if you're on your way here,
which I'm sure you already are.
If the meal turns out to be less than sensational, I mean, I'm just going to have to tell it like it is.
Just like I did about the Olive Garden.
I mean, they were trying very hard to, I was going to say to be nice, the Olive Garden,
but what they were trying to do was use me, which wouldn't be the first time, only be the 10 minutes time,
which is okay.
I don't mind being used if you're going to provide something good.
I like turning the audience on to something good, whether it's a sponsor or not.
Where are we going?
I can't, oh, there it is.
Look at that.
Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
You know, yesterday you received a fact from this Freedom from Religion Foundation.
It was excellent.
I don't know if you have been through their website yet.
No.
I think everybody should go.
It's unbelievable.
They have all these contradictions in the Bible.
Right.
And how was the religious person?
I will be so embarrassed.
Good.
Really embarrassed.
Excellent.
But I think you should go for it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah, the website, by the way, in case you want to get that pamphleter, you want to check out the other stuff you're talking about
for the Freedom from Religion Foundation in Madison, Wisconsin.
The website is www.ffrf.org.
And don't get too carried away with the old FF, please.
Or you'll show up in new times.
Here is a bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
I'm from Neil.
I need your help.
I had a unbelievable story about some police that has something to laugh at.
I called George.
You get the number from the people that you deal with for the tickets.
And they don't deal with people or the police up in Port St. Louis.
Oh, yeah.
Stay out of there, my friend.
Yeah.
The road sucks.
It's dark.
I didn't know where I was going.
I was going to go see a friend.
The bridge was, there was a detour.
He got me for 15 miles an hour over to the island.
Yeah.
Pulled me out of the car, brought another police officer.
It's in the pouring rain.
Makes me stand there in the rain.
Searches me.
Put me up against the car.
Searches the car.
I'm going 15 miles an hour over to the street limit.
I get back into the car.
He writes me a ticket.
He tells me that he's given me a break for an $83 ticket.
I question a ticket.
I said, well, what's the break about?
He grabs it out of my hand.
And he says, just for talking to me, it's another $200, sir.
How do you like that?
Out of control.
Why don't you get yourself a lawyer and do something about it?
Well, I am.
But what I tried to do is call.
I called you guys to find out about the ticket defense team.
And I guess they don't deal with it up there.
And I'm trying to just get some help.
So that's what I'm trying to do right now.
I'm not near a radio, so I won't be able to listen if somebody calls in.
I was wondering if I can leave my number with George.
Leave your number for, and what?
I don't understand what I'm going to do.
I'm trying to get them help to try to get this ticket taking care of it a decent rate.
Yeah.
I call them to be there.
Up there, they want 500 hours.
Okay, well, hold on.
Give George your number and because you're killing me.
Okay, good luck to him.
I don't want to sound unsympathetic.
I'm very sympathetic with his flight, especially when he's...
I'm not surprised to see him.
But like what am I going to do?
You know, if there's anybody who can help this guy, George has got the number and good luck to you both.
And have a great life together.
So here's a fact from a Bob who says anybody who doesn't like routes, Chris is in the nutcase.
I would agree with that.
He says he's been to the four-letter day.
San Francisco and Indianapolis locations, and they're all great.
He also says he gives routes, Chris at 10.
He gives a 7 to 8-11 bourbon street on university between Broward and Peter's Road.
He says it makes a pretty good state.
Seven on a scale of 10.
Of course, why would you want a seven on a scale of 10?
Although the only thing is, I mean, they're going to have to move a lot closer to me, Ruth's Chris, you know.
It's two then far.
It's a long slip.
You know where it is over there on the Federal Highway?
I've been by it.
I'm going to go east on sunrise to where it turns north on Federal Highway.
And it's like, you know, I mean from me, from West Broward, it's a long...
It's worth it.
But it's a long, freaking way.
And like I said, believe me, make a pit stop before you leave the restaurant, especially if you live a long way from there.
Because I guarantee you with that buttered steak...
It'll make you sh-
Every time, like magic.
Four minutes before noon at 560 WQM.
Now when you get way here, I get a horse-bottied tail.
There was a no farmer who lived on a rock.
He's adding the metal just shaking his hips at some boys who were down by the crick.
There being the waters there is on their marbles and clay things and at half past four.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and white fluffy dunes.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you send later from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye, let the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for a lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fence.
Maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick.
Then she'd bend over and suck out his candy.
So tasty made a butter sky.
Then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go and beat yourself.
I'm looking at only two and a half minutes late.
That's fantastic.
I say that's within the 20 minute limit that we send.
And here comes the feast.
Look who's standing out there in a hallway.
I'm going to tell you you even inhale any of this food.
Stay and keep the food away from him.
Please gentlemen.
Keep the food away from Fatsow out there.
Okay, he's on a lifetime diet for the next 60 years.
So Smith and Melinsky is here with our lunch today.
And of course, like I told you, it's going to be really sensational or 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, great steakhouse.
You got a trives one in Orlando called Charlie Steakhouse.
Yeah. You ever been there?
No.
It's great food.
They put it all over a butter and burn it over wood.
It's unbelievable.
Charlie's?
Charlie Steakhouse.
We're at Colorado Orlando's in it.
It's on international drive.
Got it.
You know what I'm saying?
Sure do.
It's unbelievable.
You have to try it if you're ever up there.
Unbelievable.
Okay.
Next day, I'll see you on the next day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Tamarack. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil Runions in Carl Springs.
Yeah, it's okay.
Sorry.
And Chris.
Not in the same league with the stuff we're talking about.
You know, Christine Leeds and Miami.
Yeah, they have a good steak.
Very overpriced, though, by the way.
Christine Leeds.
Yeah, I know they are.
Very, very.
You're talking about North Miami Beach you're talking about?
Yes.
Yeah.
A good steak.
Right.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
I'll tell you one thing.
We're going to have our filler meet by the time we're finished with this deal today.
I'll guarantee you that.
We're going to have meet up the rectum by the time this show is over.
WQAN.
Hello.
All meet Wednesday.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Speaking.
How you doing?
Great.
I just want to tell you about, you've heard of a restaurant called Smoke.
The top house is the Garham, for you.
Have I heard of it?
Yeah, where is that?
It's in full waterdale.
I think it's just piece of commercial.
Yeah.
That huge, huge steak.
And you can smoke your cigar and have great brandy and great wine.
Right.
Excellent.
Okay.
That's right.
Thank you so much.
It seems to me that we were either at that place or we didn't appearance there.
Was that the one we did the thing at?
Does anybody know?
No.
Smoke in four waterdale.
No.
No.
Well, the one at cigar day was that.
That big phony.
That was a London something right?
Was it?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, and then what about the one that Zolent took us to?
I used to have my own cigar locker there that we went to one time and we wanted to have a hang.
Everything.
That was what's with the pee?
Petaluma?
Petaphelya.
Right.
That's the one.
That's Geltie.
Yeah.
Geltie to the spot.
And then of course they went off here and nobody could figure out how come Geltie to the other, you know.
Maybe that's why they're not on the year anymore.
No, they actually had great food.
The steak though was like of all the things on the menu, the steak there was like it was okay.
The dessert was sensational.
Remember that creme brulee?
It's hot.
Mmm.
God, only not enough.
The steak was just a tad bruisely.
I felt like the Hershey Kiss' Lady from the Rick and Sonsure that day because everybody else was hopping up.
They only had like little bits of all the desserts and everybody else was grabbing something.
I wanted to like reach over and grab their arm and say cut the crap I'm having at, you know.
Because there were a whole bunch of us.
That was pretty good stuff.
But would I go back there for steak?
No.
No.
Of course not.
What was it called?
Pedophie Kiss?
Here's a Miami, hello.
Miami.
Let's try it again.
Press the button.
I mean Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Here's Miami, hello.
Two days in a row for that jackass.
Miami, hello.
Okay, nice talking to you too.
Here's Miami on seven, hello.
Okay, got a rise to those.
Great.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I just started telling you everything about rules in a row.
How do you like that sir?
Three more arms in a row.
Yeah, you're a real crystal, absolutely right.
Did you ever do the open-chubby steakhouse up here and what's palm?
No.
I really see we don't care about Palm Beach.
I had to break the news to you.
I mean I worked there in 1975, but that's 24 years ago.
There were a lot of great restaurants up there.
But we don't go all the way up to Palm Beach to meet meals.
Okay, I wanted to tell you something.
There's a billboard up here in West Palm.
If you're interested, you can call Mary.
It's 1-800-326-Merry.
Yeah.
And speak to her any time.
Excellent.
Just a little, let you know.
You want to try.
If he's busy, she'll hook you up with another version.
Absolutely.
Okay, thanks.
So if anybody wants to see Mary, just give her a call.
Okay, she'll be on the side of your bank building probably next week.
5-670-560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I agree with you about Ruth Chris.
My wife and I went there a couple weeks ago.
First time, it was wonderful.
But have you ever tried Jaleg's Anders?
They're filets?
Never heard of it.
It's one right behind the Broward Mall.
Not too far from you.
And they make a real nice filet.
Right.
Yeah, there's a couple of them.
There's one over in East Florida, where there's one behind Broward Mall.
It's kind of a dressy casual.
Not a certain tie, but after work kind of place.
But they make a real nice filet.
So, you know, it's a little closer to you than driving all over to Ruth Chris.
Right, but is it in the same league with Ruth Chris?
Yeah.
You don't need to smother with anything to kill the flavor.
Okay, I'll check it out.
Thanks.
Sound a little skeptical there, but I'll try it.
So anyway, Joe Castello, what's the hold up here?
Welcome, Joe.
There's something up and making a lot of noise in here as opposed to in there.
And they're waiting for you to take a break so that they can go in there and make a lot of noise.
Okay.
Well, no, I just don't want to sit in there for a long time because then, you know,
like I said before, it takes away from the ambiance and it won't be just a student.
And then I'll be ripping them and ass on the ear.
And then, he'll be driving out of here just cussing me out.
I don't want that to happen.
You know what I'm saying?
We don't care about noise.
We want the food.
I don't want it to get pushy.
We just want the food.
All noise were used to noise.
We like noise.
In fact, maybe it'll wake somebody's bastard up out there.
I doubt it, but we're very big on noise here.
This is your noise station as in any kind of noise you like.
Nine minutes past noon at 560 WQA.
And then, I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
One day he'll be cheating and dump you and go back with Diane Keaton.
He'll be gone and you didn't even get it.
It is movies you've all gone.
Okay, 1214 at 560 WQ and we got enough who we're here to feed the Chinese Army
from Smith and Molenzki.
The salad is enough for the entire building, to be honest with you.
Pork is good, with bacon and all kinds of good stuff in it and shrooms.
So we'll just eat and you'll listen.
Now what are you eating in there?
What is that?
We have to rib eye.
This is it?
And which one does the rib eye right there?
Okay.
Which one does the rib eye?
Okay, that's mine.
Okay, great.
That's got my main body.
Okay.
Here's your mobile and Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Diel.
Yes, sir.
I did disagree with you about what?
Chris, I've got to give you three steak houses that are 100 times better.
Christine Lee used to be great.
It's a sorry place now.
The three that are best, in my opinion, the palm, Smith and Walensky and Mortons will
put roots to shame.
I say I eat steak two or three nights a week and the Smith and Walensky at South Point
is just about the best steak I've ever had.
OK, I'll find out about five minutes.
If you're ever down there, I'm there all the time.
It is on us.
OK, thank you.
I'll take you.
OK, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for making your call.
I hope your steak isn't too cold by the time you get to it.
It'll probably will be.
At any rate, I'm not a big rich guy.
I like you.
I've got to count my nickels.
And when I'm in pompano, I like to go to the Try Not to laugh, the flaming pit.
They've ever been there.
The flaming pit?
They have been in a few of those.
No, man, it's a restaurant.
Yeah, I believe you.
It's full of old people, but you've got to eat it to bar and they make a real good steak
in that place.
Oh.
By the way, fish fruit stinks.
I had it last night.
It's a worst.
It's a glorified, flood sickle.
Uh-huh.
Whatever you say.
OK, here's the guy with really bad taste.
Stay away from the flaming pit.
Here's the guy that doesn't like fish.
I think that's the second one that we've ever had since Ben and Jerry's brought that
out.
Sir, your taste is in your...
Breakfast.
Oh, it's OK, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
But then again, he took the flaming pit, so what do you expect?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Uh-huh.
A question, if I may.
You alluded to Big Wilson about an hour ago.
Can you elaborate on that a little bit?
What?
You elaborate on what?
On Big Wilson, what happened to him, how?
He's been dead for years.
He died of a heart attack.
He weighed about 800 pounds.
We used to watch him on Channel 6.
Yeah.
Then we left town for quite a while.
No, he's been dead for ages.
Oh.
OK, Neil.
OK.
Thank you.
I mean, it happens to all of us, sir.
It's one of those things.
And especially when you weighed 2000 pounds like Big did, he was a good guy though.
Oh.
It's big.
Yeah.
They never believe that when I tell them that it's big.
And they're right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
You know, I just started listening.
Yeah, this past week.
We've been talking about you.
And it seems like it's the same topic every time.
And it's just rip and Christian.
Yeah.
And we're really talking a lot about Christians today, aren't we, sir?
We're talking about food.
We're talking about food today, sir.
Does that have something to do with Christians?
How about the last supper?
What's going to happen when the clock strikes slow at the end of the year?
And all the two's bank accounts could have zero.
Oh, here we go.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
All the Jews bank accounts are going to zero at midnight.
OK.
Thank you so much, my good religious friend, for making the case again.
We're not even talking about that.
But God bless you for proving my point again.
My far best and antisemitic friend, you.
You should only, uh, coxle hoist is what you should do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
That's beautiful.
Another good Christian out there in Radio Land for you.
When the big hand hits the little hand, OK?
Somebody's going to slap you on a recto.
Maybe knock some sense into your brain because that's where it's sitting right now.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I mean, he's so fat because he's.
Oh, OK.
Thank you.
All coming out of the work now.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Coral Gables, yes, sir.
No.
Yes.
What's up with these people, man?
What's up all the raffes?
I have no idea.
Oh.
What can we do for you, sir?
Oh, I got a good restaurant for you.
Yeah.
You never been to.
Yeah.
To Danny's?
Yeah, I've been to Denny's.
OK.
It's the best, huh?
Almost as good as steak and shake, but not quite.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, maybe it would help OK if all these other warriors that we got outside the way with
the door open and all the stuff that's going on here.
I mean, while we eat, one thing we've learned on this show is to do a radio show we need
at the same time.
Unfortunately, we got some other people running around.
Every time food comes in, they're running around.
The door is open.
They're in.
They're out.
There's all kinds of other extraneous crap going on and the show is turning into a piece
of crap.
You follow what I'm saying?
I think you do.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I like the eating root creases, too, but that guy called about the J Alexander's.
That's about on the level of maybe like a Houston or something.
It's no root creases.
Oh, I do like Houston, though, but not for steak.
Yeah, Houston is good, but he's right.
J Alexander's is good, but it's no root creases.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing?
I haven't been to root creases, but the best one here in Miami is the Palm.
I don't know if you get up to New York.
Peter Lugers?
Yeah.
That's another winner.
I went to Smith and Walid's.
He's last time I was in New York.
Didn't like it.
Luger takes it.
And as far as Miami, the Palm's favorite.
OK, God bless you, sir.
Like I said before, do we care about New York?
No, we don't care about New York.
We're not interested in New York.
Stay in New York.
OK, nobody here gives a crap about the restaurants in New York.
Unless we're going to New York, am I going there?
No.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
God, am I glad that I started this discussion today, huh?
Layman Angel Castello.
Layman on that trouble maker on air who was accruing for a free meal and got another one
today.
And of course, he needs it when that racing show is going off the air, according to Peter
Leonard.
Forget about Peter Luger.
We got Peter Leonard.
Talk about something really desperate.
Somebody that really needs to find a freaking life.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I hope I don't have the thunderblown against me.
I was going to mention I'm in Boston, the Hilltops, the stake house.
I'm in the best pool.
Why do I need to ask you something?
Sir, why do we care about Boston?
Well, because everybody's going to escape Miami every once in a while, don't you agree?
We're not interested in that.
OK, I'm not going to Boston.
I lived in Boston 38 years ago.
OK, the food there was great.
I gained a lot of weight.
But we're not going there right now.
We're talking about here.
Then I have to say this to you.
Sir, I want to say this to you.
OK, this is what I said before.
This is the problem, one of the many with this freaking town, is everybody's got their brain
in someplace else.
And nobody travels out of here any more than I do.
I get out of here every opportunity.
Every weekend, I'm on a plane going any place.
Just take me out of here, OK?
But in the meantime, we're here.
We live here.
And these people are got Iowa.
They're one guys in Iowa.
We got somebody that said we got 50 guys with their hearts in New York.
It's on the subway with Bernie Gets.
This guy wants to talk to me and try to go out someplace in Boston.
I don't give a flying rat say I'm about Boston, OK?
I don't care.
I'll go to the goddamn, what's the place there by Fanny will holland Boston, the market?
What the hell is it, Quincy Market?
That's where I'll go.
Forget about the stakes, OK?
I'll go to legal seafood, which by the way, they do have one in the saw rest now.
Have we ever had a call about that?
No.
No.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you remember the embers?
Yeah, 100 years ago.
Yeah, across the street from the highway.
They had very good stakes for it today.
I thought.
100 years ago, yeah.
Anyway, New York Fieman Boke is really highly recommended, really, really good place to eat.
And Smith and Alessio, you're eating it.
You know how good it is.
Right.
I'm not eating it yet.
I'm going to eat it now.
I'll eat it now.
OK, thank you.
Yeah, I'm going to eat it now.
I'm going to put this aside and eat the stakes.
Otherwise, it's going to get like crap.
It's hard to do away as much as we appreciate.
It's hard to do a 85 course catered meal like this right in the middle and do a radio show
at the same time.
You can do it.
No, it is.
It's very distracting and disturbing to try to do a 98 course meal in the middle.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, I like the front door.
So, uh, God, everybody that's ever been up here on the third floor has had their nose
in the doorway.
And if there's, you know, there's stuff here that which we're not going to be able to
eat all this fine.
Take some.
OK, be our guest.
Even the beast that stuck his ugly pussy in the doorway.
OK, take some and get out of here.
Please.
I'm in the middle of a meal.
The last thing I want to see is fat boy in the beast while I'm trying to enjoy that
just a great meal.
God, talk about a good way to trick your guts out.
See in the middle of lunch.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in silver lakes.
Hey, Neil, sorry to interrupt your lunch.
You're in a head, sir.
You're talking about depth earlier.
Yeah.
Nobody around here remember that number yesterday, more or less.
That was eight years ago.
That was next to the burden pool there, which has been probably five or six different places
since then.
Nothing makes it.
Now, go in the delicate test and they did have crappy food there.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Can't beat Ruth Chris.
I don't care what anybody says.
OK, go eat your food.
OK, thank you.
Oh, this is delicious, but it's crispy on the outside.
I got a piece of my throat and I'm choking on it.
Not a good start.
Not a good start to this experience because it's delicious and crispy on the outside and
nice and juicy on the inside.
What?
No, I'm not worried.
OK.
Nobody got a piece stuck in my throat.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
No, no, thanks.
I can't do one.
I'm diabetic.
It's the last thing I need is one.
It'll be more so.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right, my favorite restaurant in Miami is Christie's on Fonts and the Gables.
Yeah.
I think Smith Lewis, he's the worthless.
Yeah, they say thank you very much.
And also, legal seafood and sawgrass is equivalent to the Boston restaurants.
And they think the comments vary shifts down every day.
That's a great place.
It's unbelievable.
The net five times I'm living south Miami.
It's a real schleph, but it's worth going up to.
OK.
Is it, can you get in there?
Oh, you can get in.
You can call the main office in Boston, get a white card, and then you know, wait in line.
You get a white card?
It's a special pass that you can get through the other line.
I'm sure if you call them up and tell them who you were, you do look at one.
A big mover and shaker like me, I should have like a gold pass, right?
Should have slapped them card exactly.
Next one.
OK, thanks a lot.
OK, it's 1225 and 560 WQAM.
More sad radio.
We'll never be the same.
Starting this Monday on 560 WQAM.
It's the Brian and Terry Murray show 6 at 10 a.m. Monday through Friday.
Only on 560 WQAM.
No.
No.
I'm a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
You're a nigger.
When I see anybody crying.
A disponibility document.
It will always repeat these comments in the Cherokee sentences.
Connect both attitude.
Everything can always be real.
It only usually swear to us.
Incore sure.
I'll be grandma's   Harry Potter.
I've been pushing my thing.
Laying with my record.
I've been pushing it.
I got a reason to say it to you,
put the lotion in the bed.
Okay, Trump 31 at 560 WQA and 560, 7.0, 560,
Pont 560 on the mobile line.
We got Hank coming up from Shulah's at 2.
Talking baseball with Donald Z Brennan at 6 o'clock.
Pregame at 6.30, the Orioles in the Marlins again.
Is anybody going to move on down to the good seats when John Henry can tell you all to go back or go to jail?
That was one of the great stories I've ever heard in my life.
And a classic, that was the epitome of public relations in this town right there.
Here's a mobile in Evansura. Hello.
Hey, Neal, how are you doing?
Great. There's four places in Miami that I love to have to take.
The first one is Morton,
Methanolensky's,
third one is Ruth Kriss.
The best take I've had is at the forge.
Have you had a take at the forge?
Apparently you don't like it there.
If they paid me by the minute, I wouldn't go back to the forge on a bed.
Why is that?
If I want to see somebody's son-in-law get shot, I'll go to a movie to see it.
Well, listen apart from the mafia scene and all that, they do make a hell of a stake.
I never had the stake there, but I had,
even there were a few times many years ago and each time was a worse experience than the other.
And unless you're one of their inside crowd and answer the phone, sir.
Unless you're one of the inside crowd.
No, it's certainly they stick you in that room way in the back
and the hashed brown to whatever the potatoes were.
We're like, he didn't the microwave and just boiling,
scalding hot and burned my mouth.
But other than that, it was great.
So you can have the forge and all these other mindset places.
See, we got all these places in this town as I've told you for years,
the Rascal House and the forge.
It's a height job, okay?
If a place is good, it doesn't need hype.
But be that as in they.
Here's Margate. Hello.
Neil.
In fact, maybe the regular is at the forge.
Maybe they get the good food because I sure never got any.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, nigga?
Okay.
Then a place called the Capitol Grill.
I don't know if it's in Miami on Birklaven,
I believe I've seen it there, but there's one in Washington and up north,
and that had an excellent stake.
But too locally for you would be Steve Stake and C. Pooley-Tutton
University in Sanple.
And I believe you've mentioned flavors of Italy.
Have you ever been there?
I mentioned that flavors of Italy.
Yeah, that seven layer tart.
I mean, tour appetizer.
That's phenomenal.
Never rid of it.
It's excellent.
Flavors of Italy.
It's right and Steve is right next to it.
So maybe you'd, you know, be out to pop into one or either.
Both are very good.
Other than that, may call someone a douchebag.
Okay.
Joe Rose, you're a aesthetic idiotic douchebag.
That was a big head.
Okay, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
George is in there with a little bit of wine, a little shardonnay.
Food.
All right.
Yeah.
Try the wine.
So anyway, let's where we going.
Here's a Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello, me, you.
Yes.
Yes.
So when it took you, how come when the dark people squirre up?
They ask it at the end of the day.
Let's go to a mobile in Western.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Forget my line, Titus.
But are you only looking for recommendations for state houses
or other kinds of restaurants?
Anything you want, sir.
Anything that goes today.
I'm so sorry I got into this.
I could blow my brains out.
Sounds good.
Have you been to the New City Grill on the A1A?
Never heard of it.
It's a really cool place and very sophisticated food.
How about revolution 2029 in Hollywood?
Never heard of it.
No.
It's also really good.
And the final thing.
I don't need very much in Hollywood.
Generally, you got to have a teethy can put in a glass
to eat in Hollywood.
That's not possible.
Like at the art.
No, stay away from there as much as I can.
The only time I ever go eat with the Roots Chris
and have a great day and get a new phone.
Thank you.
The only time I ever go way over there to the east
is the Roots Chris.
It's a long slip, but I got news for you.
It's tremendous.
No matter what anybody says, including George,
5.67.
05 who's never been there.
05.60 in 05.60 on the mobile one line.
Yep.
And then that guy that calls before.
Oh, Facebook and socks.
I tried it for the first time.
You know something, sir?
That's good because it leaves a lot more for the rest of the people who have
taste.
And I only wish I weren't diabetic and fat because I'd be sitting
every day of my life having at least two, three pints every day.
I mean, you know, everybody has different taste.
If you like your vanilla bean ice cream,
you go ahead and just, you know,
punch your brains out with it.
Just shove it down your throat or in your recto.
Every like.
But all these experts out there, whatever Neil says,
no, that's no good.
I got better taste like that bitch with her.
Oh, yeah, we had so many of those.
Like that.
Hagen does that.
Coffee late.
That crap that all our holy.
Your friends were raven about that.
The direct just garbage.
What that was the name of that?
Do you see how long that lasted, by the way?
That was popular for about five minutes.
What was it that the coffee,
they late they or do say this?
Do you say they do say they doobag?
Yeah, that's what it was.
Doobag.
Garbage.
Hagen does is not ice cream.
Hagen does is watery.
You can put it in the microwave for a few seconds
and see the water.
It's a watery composition.
That's not ice cream.
Maybe ice milk is watery,
but not real ice cream shouldn't be watery.
But like I said, if you want to eat that crap
like the woman with her Starbucks,
that was the other one.
Another pseudo intellectual.
Oh, well, you don't know anything.
Starbucks is, and you know,
something I tried to Starbucks.
And it tasted like coffee.
Because yes, what?
That everything they make is.
That's what they do.
They make coffee, you know?
It's like if Greg Reid made ice cream,
you know, it would be taste like that, you know?
Because that's where his expertise is.
Here's a mobile and pop it will be.
Hello?
Hey, anyhow, you tried that new caramel,
a couple caramel chunks from the managers?
Triple caramel chunk.
Yeah, I did try that.
Yeah, it's very good.
You put it in the range.
It puts me into a coma.
The rain dancer.
For a water deal.
Yeah.
Nature's takes 21 days.
It's my favorite next to Ruth Chris, so.
Next to Ruth's Chris.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Have a great life.
Next to Ruth's Chris.
So we started out like two and a half hours ago,
and it was all because of Joe Costello.
It's got a really crappy taste.
You do.
You have a lot of teeth taste.
You're a good guy, but with crappy taste.
You have garbage taste.
You don't like feet.
You don't like Ruth Chris.
It wasn't good enough for your exquisite taste.
Yeah, isn't that what he said?
He said it was disappointing.
It was like so-so.
He said it tasted like feet.
Yeah, it tasted like the smell of feet,
something like that.
That's what he said.
Like toad jam, I think is what he said.
Tasted like toad jam.
Or maybe he said it tasted like a penny.
Is that what he said?
Yeah, it tastes like a penny is what he said.
Rackum.
Yeah, something like that.
He just had bad taste.
I mean, we can't help it.
And he thinks he's had real Italian food.
What was that place he was talking about?
What is it?
Capricchio?
Anybody ever hear of Capricchio's in a Hollywood?
Or peppered farm wherever that is?
Don't they also have a-
What?
I've seen it.
Robiot.
Oh, you have seen it.
Is that also what pines in the palm or some are pines in the University?
Sure it in the University.
Right by the kind of-
I know where Sheridan is.
The University is.
And he said it was good Italian.
But he has no form Italian.
Just because he is Italian, he thinks he knows Italian food.
Let me say it again.
Most Italian food in this country is-
America is bastardized.
It's not real Italian food.
But everything is relevant.
Oh my god, I'm so sorry that I did this today.
I can't begin to tell you how depressed and psychotic I am.
I did this today.
I just on the verge of suicidal.
Or maybe I'll get-
Somebody else.
21 before 1 at 5.
60.
QA.
I'm-
Oh god, Neil.
Oh.
When you come to my house every time you ask me to call and let you in that fight.
But when you come to your house,
if they have a very special chance to you.
I surprise who went to copyright.
You've been shown a little bit.
What could you help him turn on a outfit box or possibly destroy it?
We're here at the Strabeburg Hospital.
Okay, I'm so sorry that we did that I'm not even gonna say you did that we because I agreed I said yeah
That's a great idea and they haven't come on down and etc. You know that old saying
There's an old
Expresses
George is under the table now, okay George isn't hiding. He's under the table. He's speechless. I
Didn't I warn you about this and I warned them about this like I was brought up the example of the Olive Garden
Which of course I had no preconceived notions about this place because only you had eaten there before I did not
Okay, and
Didn't I say that steak doesn't translate well? It's not a good idea. It doesn't travel well, okay?
There's some kind of meat that travels well. This isn't one of them
Usually the only kind of meat that travels well is meat that's attached to its original owner
This meat however was not a test
Although it was certainly wrong off that it might have been
You catch my drift and stringy enough, etc. And I also want to say this okay a lot of you and it doesn't do justice
It's not a fair test. It's not a fair test. So I just I discount this and I apologize
No, I don't apologize at all. I mean just you know they offered and we said okay because we always never turned out a free lunch
Although we would pass on a second opportunity
But so many of you people in this audience and like I said we can't all like the same things because then we there be like a run
Everybody would be running on a store to try to buy the same product and all the other stuff
Would sit there on the shelf and nobody would buy the stuff that's tasteless and they're not that great
So that's fine
But in listening to the first two and a half hours of you people calling in I'll stick with what I like okay
I'll stick with Ruth's Chris
I've had it a million times and like I said before if they never ran a spot on any station
I've worked that I don't care makes no difference to me
It's the best damn steak that my money has ever bought anywhere and all you experts who always know better than I do
You know your full of crap. Yes Morton's was very good in Chicago
And I'm sure the one down here is probably was it Morton's or was it the palm or was the palm?
That's the one we edit Chicago that time downtown on a loop the palm and they have one here on the keyboard
Skin I believe and also maybe one in Palm Beach which is supposed to be sensational, but I've never eaten there
But like I said if I'm in the mood, which I'm not one of those people at each steak three four times a week
Although I probably should if I want to stay on the atkins. It's a good way to do it and I do like it and
I can afford it and all those things, but it's a long slip over there if first Chris will like in my neighborhood
I think they're at least two times a week easy
But since I already know I like that why why do I need all of this other stuff? Well, what's the point? What is the point?
I don't like Ruth's Chris. I love it and if Joe Costello doesn't like it good
That's one more rib eye that's left over for me next time I go there
Because he's got I already know he's got pedestrian taste would be an overstatement, okay?
Pedestrian would be the greatest compliment I could pay he's got taste. It's like
In his toysh, okay since the only thing he complained about was the price
Maybe he'd like it better if somebody else is paying yeah
In other words you would in other words kind of like a rimmer
I always thought you looked a little like a young Jeff Rimmer a little mustache
And I think you look like his identical twin you started even act like him a little bit in other words like he always says when somebody else is
Paying for it tastes a hell of a lot better that's his motto and now Joe Costello says oh no
Yeah, is that what he said? Oh, he said yes
I mean I just you know I the less I say at this point it's better because it doesn't it doesn't travel well
It doesn't translate well, and it was raw. I don't like I like medium oil now of course that's your thing
I don't know what you told them I like medium well, which I didn't tell them anything
Well then how how could you bring somebody a steak if you don't know how they like it?
I want let me let me hold let me hold up my meat for you, okay?
Well, the good thing about that is you can stick it on the grill
Yeah several more times and not even come close to getting the red out
You see what I'm saying and you see also the stringiness inside there the as I attempted desperately several times to find a place to cut into
You see what I'm saying about that piece of meat. Maybe it was just a bad piece of meat
Cooked not cooked
uncooked
Red raw crawling around on the plate
The bacon and the salad with excellent
The t-shirts and the cap sensation hash browns. I didn't need that. I can't eat hash brown
You can but they're great good. Okay, the hash browns were great the cream spinach was
Was cream spinach it wasn't like this spinach or rotten at roots Chris not even the same category
We try love that spinach or grotton. I could I could take a bat in that if it weren't so steaming piping hot
Did you have any of that at root crit? Oh, you had the baked potato. Well, see again baked potato anybody would taste do they order a baked potato?
No
Goyum was very plain taste they order baked potatoes. They also eat like like their starches eat butter-pecan ice cream
Okay, that's fine more fish food for the rest of us more tasty flavors for the rest of us with taste
But people who have like very pedestrian taste whose taste buds were like a denuded at birth they order baked potatoes
They have potatoes all grotton there by the way, but would knock your socks off don't you like potatoes are grotton?
I said knock your socks off. He doesn't want to knock somebody socks off because then he might have to deal with feet
Good thinking stick with the baked potato Joe
I
Mean see I feel bad because I feel like these these people brought in I wish you could have seen the
The chef was here and the owners and these other two deadbeats they picked up on the way whoever these guys were and they brought a spread here
You wouldn't believe and they brought us hats and caps and they're great steak knives, which I'll take home
I can use them and and all of a sudden they'll probably come back and take it back tomorrow
But you know, I mean I'm on I told you before I'm not gonna sit here and lie. I'm not gonna say God that was great, you know
It was
Like I said the less said the better it just doesn't try you can't make a steak on the beach bring it over here
Remember Woody Gray for that time brought us a look at I'm spitting up spinach here. Oh look at that
Wait till you see this thing in here. So it's pink and green now
I'm not gonna say it here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I'm ill. Yes, I am go ahead
You know that there's a I first of all I root Christmas is the greatest
They are the best I agree and I don't know if you remember years ago
All these people they got to top me they know better than me whatever I like they got something much better
You know it's like in a horse race whatever I pick they got the winner well, if I'm in right fried root
Chris said they got the head to
Right right anyway remember how you could tell in man
I mean I speak sure I never ate the net place for take that was a great fight never right there
Oh, you know something I did eat there once as a matter of fact and it was I mentioned on here
There was like going to a bar mitzvah. It was a big huge hall and it was
I don't even remember how the food was because I was underwhelmed by the grotesque atmosphere
It was like walking into a banquet hall and it was just enough for me
It was but the food was quite there really was anyway. I have a long time listen at first time call
I'm sure you're showing thank you very much. I God bless you and say how to skipper chuck at that other place
You know the other place I'm talking about where you head you're a party
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line where they bring everybody a glass of effort out whether they eat one or not
That's always my favorite kind of you know when you walk it and skipper chuck pictures up there on the a mantle
That tells you right off the bat. It's time to start coming your food. You know what I'm saying?
Start coming
Here's cross-pring. Hello
Hey Neil fact they have a sign in that one place that the it says gum again
Gum again and away up. Yes
You're killing me. I know I
I call you once in a while. I started 630 pounds less July and now I'm down to 370. Yeah
But anyway 30 steakhouse right out right above Orlando great place. We're not going to Orlando
I know
I go up here but the reason I want to tell you that is because they have a sign on the wall
It says if you ask for ketchup yeah, or steak sauce. Take your ass out. You can leave good excellent. I like that
That means it's a place that's got good steak because anybody that's got to have steak sauce
That means you're trying to and I don't get me wrong. I like good steak sauce
But if you're using it, it means you're trying to flavor something that's tasteless or even worse
You're trying to cover up something that tastes really crappy exactly right. I mean I I can still I consider myself a kind of soul
When I get on the grill, you know, yeah, I don't have steak sauce
I don't let my children use it. It tells me it's loaded with sugar. I'm loaded with sugar. I'm
I think they use it. You know, but you know what I like Peter Luger. I like to drink it out of the bottle
It's that delicious, but it's just like drinking sugar. It's telling me today. I've lost about 6 pounds and saliva
Yeah, well if you would have eaten this meal, but what it's hiding you over for several days you would have lost your appetite
It was just not just not what it could go ahead. What do you want to say? I like but you know a nice cream
I love briars ice cream. Yeah, I think it's better than hog and doggie
Well, I would agree with that because it's made from natural ingredients
It doesn't have all the filler and all the air in it and it's not watery like hog and dot
These people that are in the hog and I'm sorry. Yeah, I listen to you every day
And I'll tell you I knock on wood. I don't have the problems that uh, I mean at 630 pounds
I didn't have died. I don't I don't have diabetes. Well, don't don't push it
That's all right. Well, now I'm down to 370, but still I don't have diabetes. I don't have I don't have
I mean, I'm just luck. I'm my heart rate is 120 over 80 great, you know, I mean, I'm really lucky
The only thing I do I was I have bad luck wheels, you know
But uh, but I'd say you know, just wait listen to your pal. Okay. Keep up the good work, pal
Don't slip off the wagon. No, okay. Bye. It's not worth it, man
Not worth slipping off the old wagon and if you're doing the eckons like I said, go get you a great steak
Which uh five six seven oh five sixty ponds. See this this was a bad experiment
I do feel bad for them because they really knocked themselves out and they brought a big spread and people in the audience are saying
Oh my god, you're a piece of crap. You how could you do that to them? You know, I can just hear right now all the women in the audience saying
You're a bastard. Yeah, but I could sit here and make up a story right. I told you ahead of time. I'm not gonna do that
That's why I'm just brought up the thing about the olive garden. They did the same thing
Only I had eaten there before and ripped them and asked because I hated their food then and they brought in a bunch of
This is certainly much better than the olive garden
The salad everything the salad was fresh the um
Whatever the how the house salad whatever they call it the smith and melonsky salad
With shrooms and bacon that was that was good
In fact, if I would just stuck to the salad I said god, that was a good place. I'm serious. It was very good
And it was big enough for a whole meal
See one thing that you failed to understand and I can't for the life of me figure it out is that why you're here on the year doing a show
Which by now you should understand you can't you can't eat a ten-course meal while you're on the air and do justice to either
One I can't eat at all. Well, I can case you haven't noticed a lot of things you can do while you're on the air that I can't do yeah
But he's not here today
1256 at five oh
Believe me no contest no problem at all
How can you talk and do that oh? Oh just watch if I can eat if I can eat with my mouth full
Four minutes still one at five sixty wqa am you
You
So long to tell hour
New from Bobco food. It's the all-new taste enhancing palate pleasure and wonder thought just in time for barbecue season
It's day one steak sauce pilot on your taste buds will thank you whether you're having a rough roast or a sick hearty
Toodstake day one makes it better my buy around roast with the head of the party and my toodstake goes down easy
Thanks to day one takes off day one steak sauce is not available in stores
Just call one eight hundred gay sauce and we'll drop a two-pill and gay sauce right in your mailbox
Are you on a diet gay one steak sauce is low in calories, but high in protein gay one takes off packing in the flavor
I'll bet you do okay at the minute after one at five fifty WQM
Sonoma bad guy, you know I'm a bastard and that said when I admit that but I I just can't play that game you know
There's some people they get something for free and they'll rave about it. It could be the worst thing in history
Oh my god, I just I can't do that it was just
Lost in the translation and I'm really sorry for everybody concerned, but it just
Yeah, I just didn't the spot. I think it's the coolest steak knives you've ever seen in a steak knife
I'm gonna tell you Smith and Walensky when it comes to steak knives
into none
When it comes to caps I'm wearing their cap right now, okay. I'm wearing the cap right now
Brian come on and you want some raw meat?
Okay, let's go to a plantation hello
plantation
22 minutes and 29 seconds they've been waiting did they hang on no no they're gone five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on the 18 probably they drowns is what happened and you know it's interesting to me
I have to be beginning of the show I talked about the lack of drainage and the lack of assistance and anything being done
At all in terms of draining all the flooded streets out there in the plantation and the acres and sunrise as anybody seemed to care
No, that's why they don't do anything because you don't care
Here's a mobile pig report in the pines
And we're on a pig that never pines is a situation pines bullworn in 77th way
As things with radars lose the best part it's six lanes across
And come when they get somebody speeding and run out in the middle of the road
Stop them. Just know he stops somebody in the middle lane. They'd stop
That's good. Not only
For running 50 for to cover pines also repeating over traffic. Thanks a lot. You've got your
Okay, thanks for the good news and get a new phone. Okay 200 open lines here five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on the 18t wireless line
See these people don't even have an opinion on whether I did the right thing or whether I'm a prick for doing that
They leave have an opinion on that
Much less about the fact that all their streets are flooded and they're taking roadboats to try to get out of the house to a wherever the hell are going
They don't care. They're just like I've told you for years. They're indifferent. They're passive
That's good. They don't get worked up. They don't get excited. They're just real passive. They lay back in the they're in a coma
And it's never gonna change
Except for those 40 people I showed up at the ballgame last night yelling come when he's to come. There's that's it
Those are the ones that get worked up. They have a passion
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
No, yes, sir. I don't know if anybody brought up churchills down the gavys not too far from where you live
That's takes around probably not as good as whose Chris
But yeah, it's up there. Uh-huh. Well then butter
That's cooked me. You'll ever put in your purse
Churchills where have I heard about that before? Didn't didn't somebody do a cigar thing for them or didn't we
Maybe you guys might have done five four before. Okay. Okay. Thanks. South West corner
Slab Hill and Griffin. Unbelievable. Got it. I'll say how to Winston. Thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a lady in four-letter deal. Hello. Yeah, we're drowning over here. Oh bet
Uh-oh, it's not raining again. Is it? No. Oh, thank god. No, please don't tell me it's raining again anywhere
No, I thought I would have a little sprinkle turn there, but other than that it's pretty clear
Um, what you might call was to start you know, well first of all, you're not being a trick for you the way you're
Trying to go around the issue. I feel terrible because if you to see and I mean there were four guys
They brought a hole they brought their own table. Right. I mean real plates with silverware with real knives and a whole thing
I mean really put on a fantastic display here, but I can't just can't tell you there was great because it wasn't
Precooked food is always going to be leftovers no matter what yeah, I mean and the stick was cooked like raw which I just
No matter what it was I still would have hated because I like my stick medium well. Yeah
But I really like how it was a different subject
And it's a good thing they brought the good stick knives because I had a stab at twice to stop it from moving around the plate
Yes, ma'am
Anybody brought you the city lunch yet for today. It was at the city length that Brian just brought in
Yes, Joe Castello just handed to me and it says
The Howard deal have another
column. Yeah, all news is bad news at wio.d
Oh my god, it says sports talk programs where the hosts were knowledgeable professionals not former joc
Retreads who believe talking about their sexual conquest and gambling for a make for intriguing listening
Now it's used to me. It's the non-joc on
On the station it was always into that but what can I tell you yeah?
Uh, I like later at the very end about the I understand this is i.o.d
Well, I don't understand I see I don't listen to that station
So I have no idea what what he's talking about
Well, the just of the matter was that he was sick of TV news
So he thought he turned on the radio to get a wio.d. Oh, I hate that station to get away from mindless news and flash
graphics and blah blah blah
I was found there was a
Very
There's some histories in a word wio.d used to be one of the most respected stations in the nation and entertainment station
Chock full of talented individuals who became the model for many aspiring broadcasters. How do you like that?
A news department that regularly be followed radio and tv news reporters to the story absolutely correct
Long time home with the mimey dolphins when it was the only game in town
And like you said the project you re-rearuated
And then it goes down about how come this isn't highlighted about w.i.nz
It says at the bottom that says w.i.nz is the w.i.nz become all news and w.i.nz become talk
It says what w.i.nz become to all news w.i.nz become the talk radio rick and thut
A rick and spot happened at funny in years
Laura continues to insult listeners with insipid advice rick limbaugh continues to blow hot air and brook Daniels has to rate is the single worst excuse
Wow the single worst excuse for a broadcaster in the history of the human race
It says five minutes of a rakt and oonshow and you either yearn for dead air or just to be dead
What might even discuss as miniscule ratings is my close friend Howard Beale
I love a couple paragraphs up about Peter Bolder. Oh, this is getting better by the second
Now where is it?
Oh, the problems begin at the top Peter Bolder is the operations manager and the program director for both stations
And it's obvious that his leadership is about as solid as his programming choices
This is the guy who gave a green light to replaying Jim Rome sports talk every night at nine o'clock
Trouble is it's taped earlier in the day, which means w.i.nz airing information. It's nine hours old
Clear channel share some blame since the only company that owns Rome show
Inviring it in Miami they can collect larger ad revenues from sponsors
Still it's an embarrassment at a programming joke. He's an asshole. Yeah, but at least he's consistent anyway
Well, thanks for making my day sweetheart. Okay, even lunch darn it tastes better now great. Thank you
Nobody like that Howard Beale I'll tell you that right now. He's on top of it
Free drugs not I have free drugs tool tool hard I'll take it tool tool hard I'll take it bus
The longest tool the highest tool
The small tool my fellow Americans I stand before you did not part off growing part on expanding part off rising
I reach out my tool to all of you a rock solid part of
Free drugs tonight. I have free drugs tool tool hard I'll take it tool tool hard I'll take it and ask that we join together and sign to the American people
Take it. You know, there's this great place in peoria that you'd really love and then you know
In New York there's a fantastic place where they have these great hot dogs and then you know
God
I am so sorry that I every you know years ago not that many years ago, but in the past there
Where we now and then we would do this we do you know and the Rick and Suds would do a show like this
And we would talk about different kinds of restaurants and it was fun
And we haven't done this in a long time. You know why because it's
Hit me over with okay, it's not fun. It's agony, especially this meal was agony
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Pemberpine. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling from Pemberpines
I have a real good listener your program. Yes, sir. I'd like to get the telephone number of you talk very
On Georgia. Well, I'm about vulnerable dry concept. Oh, okay
Where are you in Pemberpine? Okay. Well, I'm sure Georgia have been delighted to give it to you
But it's a 581 wait wait just a minute Neil
581 47 47 39
Are they good? They're the best. I use them every year. Is that right? Oh, what do they do? Is it drying or is it coming with a bunch of water?
No, they don't just a regular dry clean they dry clean your carpets or it's so they do a magnificent job
Okay, thank you very much
Thank you so much. God bless you
Okay, 600 open lines 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I guess that's probably the last time that somebody that we don't know is going to be bringing us lunch
Which is okay? We know lots of people that we do know and they'll bring us lunch anytime we want it
And we know what to expect and then we don't have to disappoint them and I don't have to feel so bad
Which contrary to the way you think I do feel bad. I think it's unfortunate
You know that it didn't all of garden I didn't feel bad because I hated them like poison before they brought in the food
And then it was kind of like oh well, we're gonna show you any part of the stuff and it was crap
And you know something they do a big business. They're all over the country. It's a humongous chain
They're up in Canada. They're everywhere is the olive green every street corner is another one right next to your god
Damn my echo to Walgreens. There's a god damn my olive garden
So we're getting a coast to show you that there's no accounting for taste
I've never spoken to anyone that had a good meal there look at all the people driving through McDonald's right now
As I speak we got people listening to me right now probably have to drive through a McDonald's, you know
All I can say is
It's great an answer to them because the rest of the food there sucks, but other than that and don't eat the bun god forbid
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I know you find to know this one
Did you be in it you live in plantations and it's an oldie it's a damn doubt safe house?
No, they've been out of business for years. I know, but you've been there, right?
Horrible horrible terrible. Oh, get out of here
Why do you think they're out of business? Well, because yeah, I don't know
I thought it was great. Well, evidently nobody else did. Thank you. They had the big cow in front there on 441
Don't your laughing. I'm serious. They had the big cow out in front of the joint
And it was a grotesque place and then they had like a butcher shop right next door to it
And they've been gone for years and the place across the street which he doesn't mention that was pretty good was chucks
But they went out of business because that uh that neighborhood isn't exactly what it used to be if you follow my drift
That's another one. I was changing neighborhood. Yeah, there you go
So yeah, chucks was pretty good. I never had a bad meal and I mean it wasn't in the same league with Bruce Chris
It was less expensive and but it was a good always had good meals in there
But it's gone
Here's a mobile in high a Leah hello
Neil yes, sir. Oh, you're missing his rubber toth
Yeah, he's with sandy. He's next to the fishes. He's with sandy and and with that lovely lady from uh-huh
Might be listen
Still around it's over on 17th street. Yeah, but that's uh that's been there forever
But this this particular one is gone and I know what's the chain wasn't there also one on
On every line. Yeah, they're around. There's if there were three of them
I think but the one in plantation or water. He'll actually that's uh that's been gone for a while now
Yeah, I haven't been to Ruth's christmas, but you know you and your
Colors talking about I've got to go I did I have done to done chulas, but we went there last year
I was really kind of disappointed yeah service wasn't real hot uh-huh
And uh, I don't know if he's just sped themself to thin with all these other restaurants or what it wasn't up the par
What it used to be and I guess it's kind of harder to read the menu now that they keep under inflating the footballs, you know
I get go
And you know that burns is a good great steakhouse, but I think they get too complicated on their menu. Yeah
Yeah, by the time you figure out how many ounces and uh
And then the different shades the shades of pink and brown and by the time you get three you need to be a rocket scientist
That's true, but it's a fun it's like you know I have to spend the whole night there and lastly it was a great game last night
I love that rose sabers
Who calls about that because we have no knowledgeable hockey fan stew barn scores the tying goal Jason willy the winning goal
Lindy rough doing a phenomenal job coaching
And of course red Warner playing a great game on defense and really doing a super job killing all those penalties
And nobody here I know's from nothing, you know
Yeah, I didn't hear Brian Murray calling him now. I didn't hear Chris Wells calling either have a great day sir
You too
Oh Chris Wells you're gonna start that again. No, what's the point? What's the point
And like I said that's this town for you know
They can fill up that arena with a bunch of dunderheads who have no idea what's going on there and couldn't care less
And are just there to schmooze and socialize and talk with each other on the cell phone and then that's fine
You know more power to win he's right in the big bucks
But when it comes to being able to discuss and understanding it it's uh as usual
hopeless
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami. Yes, sir. Yeah speaking. Hi
You're right the new xt cows was one of the best that was good
But I don't agree with a couple of the guys that they said that there that the new york primal there
Uh-huh fair. I've been up there twice and that's taken first
But they don't even have to do a wheelchop comes out dry and nothing like I'm gonna drive all the way up to bokeh
Right
Yeah, if you go to the little palms if you're not norming there you see the waiter and then you all you see is the bus boy
And that's that's the end of that and he puts you behind a pole if they don't like you
Oh, so it's like the forge I I know there's nothing I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna say it again
To me there's nothing worse than going in that restaurant anywhere in the world
Where you have to schmier them a to d where you have to know somebody to get set in a place where you're gonna get decent service
And maybe even the right food uh forget that that's a plastic bunch of crap right
It's for pseudo intellectuals. It's for name droppers. Yes
Morning, isn't that any better? We went the warden's twice and the first time we went up there with six of us and build a nice
Build a service with mediocre when I got the bill there was a twenty-five dollar charge for two glass and they're low
I called her via the assistant manager and I said what is this?
He said well that you ordered the premium. I said no, I didn't I just said they're low
The waiter didn't give you tell you blah blah blah. No, he said well. He made an adjustment. That was fine
Came back the next time the service was awful and the same guy that was apologized never came by the table once I had a poor my own wine
Right and and the food with just mediocre
Uh as far as I concerned Ruth Christmas till the best of those. Thank God bless. I'll tell you for the Italian restaurants
There was no one any better than the more wine at Dixon capra 81st and discane. Yeah, and Ray Monter let's
Forget that. Yeah, I mean
We're going way back
Now you go back to the Prince Hamlet and juniors you're right. You're right. You're right. Honey Jr
You're okay. See you pal. Thank you. Those are the good old days when this town was great in spite of what George thinks before God ruined by all the invaders
No, it was it was great here once upon a time, but not the you know
Spited what I think I have no idea
Exactly, you know just like you don't know about Ruth's Christmas
You've never been there and you don't know what it was like here in the mid-70s when it was still a semblance of something
And back when I first came here back in 56 on the beach and back in the 70s. Oh God
When the golf ocean mile was like a happening place instead of a bunch of old people with her teeth in the glass
Yeah, and we still had spring break and even old parts like us could you know cruise up and down to a1a there
And see all those amazing young living and breathing naked people and God it was great. Oh, we don't want that now
We want the French Canadians to come in with their worthless money. That's what we want
So they can leave their 15 cent tips on a $200 check which is for 80 people of course
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 see you this is what you people wanted you wanted it to be like this and now you got it
Okay, now you have it. It's perfect. It's for dead people and French Canadians
And believe me there ain't nothing better than a dead French Canadian
Here's sunrise. Hello
Sunrise
Okay, thank you. Okay, it sounded like he was finishing up lunch. Hope it was good sir
Maybe he was a McDonald's unlike fries to me. It sounded like some extra list crispy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Mobile in Helen Dale. Hello
Neil I bought a restaurant in Vegas
Meaning what?
You're me. What is that mean? How about a restaurant in Vegas? How about a steakhouse. What about it?
In the garage, co-comos the best. Yeah, okay great. Have a good time there
See they they don't hear they have hearing aids they have real problems with these people
They just you know like Abby on guiding light woman if they hear next minute they don't hear
Hey, Abby can hear now now. Maybe she's not going to be talking like that anymore. Okay. She's not going to be talking that baby talk now that she can hear the sound of her own voice
You think you can be talking. You know, I mean, I don't want to make fun of the the hearing challenge or whatever
You know, but Jesus Christ why did you go in a little bit far with that you know I'm saying Abby cut the crap
I mean, I thought it was really amazing on Friday. We said you mean I talk like this. Oh my god. What did you get that? You know, that was even she couldn't stand it
Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today great. I just want to know I used I lived in North Vernon Beach for 23 years and unfortunately
I've been in Orlando for the last eight years the highlight of my living in Orlando is coming back to Miami
Wow, I'm being able to get you on the air and listening to you because
What I have to listen to in Orlando forget about it you still the
Yes, I am the greatest that ever was and I'm gonna just say I'm running down here
I'm just laughing along listening to you and I just want you to know
I'm a first-time call and it's an absolute honor to be talking to you. Yes, I am. Thank you sir
I have a great life. Thank you. Okay, I'm watch out for that trailer trash up there and then of course all those
gait help of the arrows
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line like I said we've taken enough crap
We've seen enough of these straight assholes smooching and all this other stuff and now it's our turn. Okay
There you go
All this bull crap all these double standards in the country that refuses to come out of the dark ages
I'm embarrassed for you even our borders to the north even the Canadians laugh at us like oh my god
And they're no picnic here's hi Alia hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I think you being gay as part of your spiel anyway
I don't know if you're gonna know if you're yeah listen um, I have a question for you
Hello, I'm listening sir. Oh, how long I'm gonna be listening but I'm here
Well, I know it comes as a great shock, but I'm still here. I agree with you about all those things
But I don't think it's a cuban's referring to though. Yeah, we made Miami what it is today. Yeah, a piece of crap
Yeah, thank you 5 6 7 0 5 60 a piece of crap where everything is corrupt
Where the city is bankrupt? Where we got public politicians going to jail. I mean it's beautiful
You made it what it is and god will judge you for the judgment day
I'm so sick and tired of that air. That's part of that same arrogant attitude
We made it what it without us it wouldn't have been crap
I hate to break the news to you. Miami was going just great guns before we had this wild invasion here
Okay, it was going just great guns maybe we didn't have as many people with the you know suitcases full of drug money coming in
But those are the people from Venezuela and Colombia. So leave the Cubans alone on that
They only wish they had all that money
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello. Yeah, Nail. Yes, sir. Listen this uh no early birds
I hope I enjoyed the ball game last night. Yeah, go ahead. No no early birds. What's that worth? That's priceless
You know, it's worth paying 50 bucks a stake for that uh listen
The you know as well as I do you go into any restaurant that's got an early burden. It's time to turn around and walk right out
You bet. How about the chophouse in Chicago? Okay
560 505 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
They they just uh, you know, they're one no Charlie. They don't get it
Nobody cares about the chophouse nobody cares about Chicago nobody cares about Orlando
Nobody cares about Boston nobody cares about San Diego about New York about all of these things. Okay. You got it
Do you get it yet? No, I knew you wouldn't
It's the biggest pile of force crap. I have ever seen in my fricking fracking way
In theaters now it's the totally new Star Wars Yoda loses his virginity
Oh
Yeah
Yoda gets jiggy with R2 D2
Oh no in a theater the you
130 at 560 WKM is a fact that his roots Chris is one of the best station town
But the four lottery locations is much better than the one in Miami. I wouldn't know. I never been to one in Miami
Regarding Smith and Walensky. It's great. But you have to go twice to appreciate it is what it says
Everyone I've taken once was indifferent and in the second time fell in love with it. I'm not indifferent
Okay, I'm not the least bit indifferent
I'm not indifferent indifferent undecided
And then it goes down for barbecue at home Omaha steaks really isn't that good nothing for your money order from Alan Brothers
Which is just expensive but worth it and it's got a number
They uh, they supply they supply steaks to many great the steakhouse including Mortons
And it's got numbers here
Okay, whatever you say okay, but that second time you're talking about that uh, no that place, you know no
That was your second time that he ate from there and he said this one was better than the first time but
Here's Miami. Hello
Gone long gone. Here's a mobile in four-later day. Oh, hello. Hello. Neil my name is Stone Cold and I
Okay, great nice talking to you stone
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. I'm good. Neil. Okay, sir first time caller. Oh, right
5670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That's it like always telegraphing your material asshole
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh yeah
Mobile in four-later Dale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you're getting too good at this. Yes, I am. Hey listen
First of all, I wanted to thank you for turning me on to the Edkins diet.
I started at last Saturday and I'm already down 5 pounds.
Yeah, our program director, Pussy Galore, he's lost 10 pounds on the Edkins in the last
week or two.
Wow, I tried everything and this is the first thing that's ever really shown the results
with the...
My doctor called in, Dr. Mark yesterday called in on the show, he's down to 100 and
she's lost like 40 pounds on the Edkins.
Everybody I know is losing weight on the Edkins only except me, I'm not doing it.
Amazing, amazing.
Keep trying.
Every day I start out with the best of intentions and then something happens.
What I wanted to call you about besides that is my wife and I were over in France a couple
of months ago.
I'm sorry.
Yes, I agree.
The French lived right down to the reputation.
But anyway, after we got tired of paying $70 and $80 for lunch, we decided that maybe
we better tone things down and a couple of lunches in McDonald's.
And the one thing about McDonald's over there is first of all, they're clean.
And second of all, it's like a McDonald's for fast food.
It was actually a nice experience compared to any of these places that you'll find down
here in South Florida.
And what respect?
Well, I mean, first of all, actually some of the only friendly people that we found in
France worked in McDonald's, I don't know how clean up.
And second of all, you know, we went, it was around Christmas time and we went into
one and they actually were all decorated and they had some guy in there playing piano.
And I'm thinking, you're going, this cannot be the same McDonald's as you are.
Was this in Paris?
Actually, it was in Bordeaux.
Oh, because I know in Paris, and I would agree that I might actually go to McDonald's
there because the French restaurants refuse to speak English and they really jerk you
around, especially if you're American, just like all the reputation says, they do all
of the above and the screw them, you know.
So that's a place I might consider going to McDonald's.
The only problem is in Paris, the French are such pigs that they walk outside and instead
of like finding a receptacle outside like in any other major city that's where they're
garbage.
And they take, you know, the Styrofoam containers from their big Macs and their other stuff
and they just throw them on the street.
And then if they're not in the mood to finish like the entire burger, they throw the remnants
on the street and just kind of like a wanderwaddle along, you know, in different ways.
Absolutely correct.
We were there for five days and we had a couple of those, you know, $150, incredible dinner,
so-called incredible dinners in Paris.
Yeah.
And I'll tell you what, I've eaten better at Dany's and paid a hell of a lot less and
you're absolutely right.
We didn't speak a word of French.
Yeah.
We're always putting things back.
They immediately they hate you like poison right off the bat.
Exactly.
You would have thought that, you know, anyway, you're talking to him.
Okay, have a great day.
See you McDonald's.
Okay, we took the vote McDonald's when-
Oh!
Five, six, seven, at least they're consistent.
You know what to expect.
That's right.
People have asked me.
You know, when you talk about what a McDonald's announced to them is it the same as it is
like in Miami, it is exactly, I mean, there is in one jot or a tidal different.
It's exactly the same stuff, the same bun, the same meat, the same pickle, the same, whatever.
Exactly the same.
And the best part of it is they don't even put mayonnaise on it over there.
And if you buy fries in McDonald's, they don't even put mayonnaise on us.
But they have separate little joints that sell only French fries.
That's what they stick their mayo on it.
And I always think, what a revolt experience that is.
Here's Miami Lake, hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
That's meeting town's gotta be overdone, Shulis.
Yeah.
No way in-
You're the only person that's ever said that.
Went there the other night, excellent service.
Excellent service at the bar.
Perfect.
But have you ever been to Ruth's?
Yeah, I've been-
I've been to Ruth's about a year and a half ago and they were pretty good, but I just
like to meet over at Shulis better.
Uh-huh.
Thank you, it was better.
All right, that's all.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, set up call.
56670560.
Now I've never heard anybody say that except Hank of course who's doing a show over there
today.
So what's he gonna say?
You know, I know that Hank really likes Ruth's Chris.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T Wallace line.
I know why you're smiling when you know what I say that.
I believe that in my heart.
He knows Ruth's Chris is great.
He's got good taste.
He's had a few meals in his time.
Although he does like Joe Stonecrab's too.
And that's, that's again, that's a mindset thing.
You know, Schmere the image of the year he knows you when it like there are 80 people standing
in line who are very important and they'll put you ahead.
I'm not into that.
I'm not impressed by that.
And as much as I don't even care about Stonecrab's, I've been told for years that there are a million
places in this time where you can get much better stonecrab's than you'll ever get
it, Joe's, at much less of a price where you don't have to Schmere the image of the
city to sit down.
You don't have to go through a big plastic song and a dance.
So it, you know, it just all depends on whether you want to see the ghost of Frank
Costello or gay at your Hoover, you know.
That's what that's all about.
Here's the crawl spring.
Hello?
Yes.
Neil, I'm just curious.
How could you do on the atrium?
Doesn't the sprung in a lot of cargo?
No, vitamin C pal.
Go read it up in your book, okay?
Go ask your mama.
Protein.
Yeah, protein.
567.0560, pound 566.
I've been wondering how about finding a life would be good.
So then you wouldn't have to wonder about such pedestrian things as that is what I'm putting
in my mouth.
How about worrying about what's coming out of your mouth, asshole?
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Neil.
And thanks for listening to 569.000.
Yes, sir.
That's sure this is definitely overrated.
Yeah.
In fact, I probably worked there.
That's what everybody tells me.
Yeah, overrated.
Greg Reed told me that.
I probably shouldn't repeat that on the air since it's one of our fine sponsors and we do
half of our shows from there.
But he told me it's not in the same league with Ruth's Chris.
Mediograph best.
And I think that's one of the times he wasn't lying.
Listen, I'm an old-time caller.
I won't disclose my name yet.
Yes.
I haven't looked at it yet.
Well, I'll tell you later.
Oh, at the end of the call.
So before I can hang up.
I'll probably hang up on it.
How is that?
Well, man used to be real good buddies.
Used to be good buddies?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Listen.
Meaning what?
You know that this town was backward after that.
Meaning what?
Are you used to be good buddies?
Yeah.
Based on what?
Are you still bringing soup?
Yeah.
Remember?
Moishi?
Oh.
Like he said.
Can you believe that?
Can you believe these people, these simple things, these idiots, overgrown children?
See, I guess we all go through a period of our lives.
I'm not really sure.
In this case, like between 13 and 40, when you're like an overgrown child, and he was right.
He knew that as soon as he mentioned the name, he'd hear that wicked dial tone.
You're right.
You're pathetic.
You're sad.
You and your little group of cluster fork boyfriend.
You're sad.
I feel sorry for you.
I feel sorry for me.
That's what I feel sorry for for me.
Here comes that $10 million check that we've been waiting for from Dick Clark.
Thank you, Carlos.
You get part.
Oh, it's a goddamn disc.
So, Macy, in this dammit, I thought that was it for sure.
22 before 2 at 5.60 QAM, it'll be the Hank Goldberg show from Shula State to...
Ow!
...two o'clock this afternoon.
Hey, listen, I'm sure that they get some pretty good free food over there.
What's wrong with that?
We got Donnie B. the baseball, talking that stuff at six o'clock.
The Marlin pregame show at 6.30, Orioles end of Marlins, and of course, even if it rains like Hell at night,
they're going to get that game in because you already paid for your tickets, and John Henry's going to keep your money.
Even if about maybe 40 or 50 old Cuban exiles show up to protest Peter Angelo's.
Like last night.
What a disgrace.
What an embarrassment.
What a humiliating experience.
We'll take your money.
Even though we want you to build us a domed stadium.
See, if you build us a stadium, we'd have played the game a nice cup for you.
We wouldn't have to stay home from the rain.
You can't complain about public relations in this town because there isn't any.
It doesn't exist.
Do you milk my jockey shorts?
Tonight, it's cops.
In Pennsylvania, Dutch country.
I was cops. I was cops.
We're going to do what you're going to do when the carriage comes for you.
Hello there, Jebediah.
Hello, Officer Hezly.
Hi.
Say, what brings you up to my home, little boat?
Well, we got us some reports of some fussing and abuting in these here, part.
Yes, he's a guy.
I'm ashamed to admit that my wife, Sarah, exposed part of our ankle.
Why, that's no good, Hussey.
I've got me a good mind to put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes.
Well, that would be a good idea, but then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow.
Yep. Women.
There, the reason we're all going to hill.
Yep. Well, I've got to get back to plow in the fields.
Okay, then.
I guess I'll be getting back to the barn, Raisin, he's a guy.
I'm just talking to the commissist.
What you going to do?
What you going to do when they shackle you?
That's tonight on cops.
Oh, yeah.
That's the way you're Dutch country.
145 at 560 WQM.
See, I don't know what these people were thinking about.
I mean, I appreciate the steak knives.
That's a real expensive set of steak knives that I need those badly, by the way.
So thank you very much.
In the cap, the Smith and Mullensky can't.
And the golf shirt and the T-shirt and the other other good stuff.
Pre-eat it in the wine.
And the wine that George is sucking on right now.
These Charternais.
It's a great, the what?
Cabernet.
Cabernet, a silver name.
Charternais.
Whatever the hell it is.
And that's great, but I just don't know what they were thinking about.
I mean, they put on this big show and they sent all these people over here.
And I, you know what I'm saying?
Well, I was having a ring.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
Because I don't know what they thought was going to happen.
Maybe they thought that in exchange for all the big show that they put on,
which I am appreciative of, that I would come on here and say,
man, this was sensational.
It was staggering is what it was.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
I was wondering, nobody said the palm.
I think the palm is the best thing ever.
Yeah, we had several people call.
I think that's why far the best steak has better than Ruth Kriss,
better than the short one.
I know I ate it the palm in Chicago was sensational.
They got the best sides.
They got, I mean, the best of everything they did.
Well, every time I keep this game.
No, I'm Bell Harbor.
Oh, well, same difference.
Yeah, Bell Harbor.
And they have the best.
Okay.
Ornith happens to be pretty good too.
The what?
Mortons.
Mortons.
Yeah, Mortons are good.
And you're talking about losing weight.
You know, you need to try zen and dream.
Yeah.
Have you ever heard of it?
No.
It's a supplement that helps lose weight.
Okay, thanks, pal.
No two pills.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And those people, they're trying to pedal me that stuff in the shopping malls.
In fact, we were in Dallas waiting to go to Vegas a couple of weekends ago.
And they had one of those things.
One of those kiosks there in the middle of the airport in Dallas.
Or they sell that other stuff that everybody was raven about.
El Paso.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello, say, what do you want to get to this plantation?
Okay, there's that line 8, this in-room again.
Thanks for the cheap font system, Greg.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I ate at Legal Feed Food in Foggrass.
Yeah.
And I have to tell you, it was one of the most satisfying dining experience.
Yeah, the guy that called me before he said it's exactly the stuff shipped down from Boston.
It's exactly the same as up there.
And I know the one up there of eating there many times is outstanding.
Yeah, the food was great.
The little tourist, you know, I think most of the people there were tourists that are visiting the mall.
But it's a great idea to have places like that there.
Yeah.
It's a great place to eat in the middle of all this shopping inside.
No, did you have trouble getting in there?
No, we went about 5, 30 in the afternoon.
By the time we left, it was starting to start.
Now, please do me a favor because I stay, even though I live like a rocksteer from there,
I stay away from the Saga Rats as much as humanly possible because it's impossible to park and nobody speaks English.
And it's like going to Miami, you know.
So what, where is Legal Feed food?
What problem are all?
There's a new, you know where the theater is?
Yeah, way in the back.
Are you speaking or well, it's like right across from the arena.
Yeah, well, that's where you're in back of the mall, right?
Right, okay.
But they, and where the parking lot used to be, they put this whole big section of shop in the back.
The Rousseau Waces, yeah.
Right, and they took away, and they expanded this theater and they park in the back now.
But it's right there where the parking lot for the movies used to be.
Yeah.
It's called the Oasis.
It's just a new section of the mall.
Oh, a great clam chowder boy.
Oh, they had a good clam chowder.
Right now that's in the die for me.
Okay, I'll check it out. Thanks.
Great.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound five, six, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight
I can eat the whole thing. I can go in here and get one of those pies to take out one of those like chalk with cream pie. I was just thinking, oh, that's what we had last time or even better net. I love banana cream pie for five minutes away from one to it all. The do I ever love a banana that mother hummer, a mother cream pie. Oh boy. Do I love it? Can't eat it though because God punishes us in very mysterious ways. Here's Miami Lakes. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes.
I've eaten at all the restaurants you've been talking about and all of them are great. However, have you ever eaten at Churchill's up on Sterling? Now, somebody called about that before. It's on Sterling now. I thought it was in Davie. Sterling, I believe. Great. Great atmosphere. Neil, you a big fan of atmosphere. No. You don't like atmosphere? No, I love food. Well, that's great. Everyone likes to mean everyone. Obviously, you know your food. Yeah, I don't care. I don't I don't want to pay for atmosphere. I mean, I don't want to go into a dive and would dump you place. But the atmosphere
is not that I'm not into that plastic stuff. I like comfortable place, but I like good food. Right. If you ever in your nap with Neil, almost. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, Elmo. I hear he's on fire. He's claiming 10 before two at five 60 WQM. God, you're a panic pal. Okay. What times is your while six o'clock Saturday morning?
Poor Joe. Yeah, that Peter Leonard, you know, he sees an asshole. Oh.
Yeah, and you think that if somebody was selling a spot on this radio station, which we only got 600 salespeople, they wouldn't have time to be quoting chapter in verse. Everything I say on the show, no matter how obviously ingested might be or ludicrous on the face of it.
But in his case, being as creepy as he is, he probably just sits in this cubicle there and calls out on the phone, because who would really want to see him in person?
You know, I can imagine him calling up a client saying, Hey, I thought we don't have lunch today. Oh, no, gee, we're busy. But let's hear how much how much you want just right off the contract. Now, fax it over to me. I'll sign it anything to keep you out of here. That's the way I feel.
24 to at 560 WQM and how about those holes in your roof to by the way, George? They're getting takes care of. Okay. Well, just let me know if they're not because as soon as I heard that story from you and then realize it was connected to him, I started linking the pieces together, you know, like fitting in the empty spots on a jigsaw puzzle.
Oh, yeah, Peter Leonard's involved in that. Well, if I were you, I'd get a bunch of buckets out, you know, just say it and get the bucket.
When you're stolen next to cars any day that they're open, which is Monday through Saturday, please mention the nice entry by.
