Sign them up, sign up here, me, come on.
Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560, told Frey for date and Bradford.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
Here, opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Oh, Lee Kyle.
Neil Rogers is right the Cubs start.
Goodbye, Brian Murray.
I killed the team and you wouldn't know good hockey if it's with you.
Aren't they as far as I could you are as stupid?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Neil's hurry must be nuts.
Yes.
To keep you honest, you couldn't manage your check for never mind it being
that at one time had all the rights for.
And it won't be too late for us to sell a break when you're the one stage rave.
Oh, and when you leave.
Don't forget Christmas, your hockey queen.
Tomorrow, you thought that you would do better than the play.
And when the pain does anymore, there's no one left to play.
Goodbye, Brian Murray.
You heard that, it's that you don't know.
Oh, shit about running all hockey key.
And you're not interested in meery.
Why?
But no matter how you try, you can't deny that you make the patterns just because you make them lousy coach.
And as a manager, you really go.
And it won't be too late for us to sell a break when you're the one stage rave.
And when you leave, don't forget Christmas, your hockey queen.
You thought that you would do better than the play.
And when you pass with the thing does anymore.
I don't know what that means.
Special thank you this morning to Sergei Gunchar, number 55, to Washington Campos for scoring that second golden away through the third period.
So we could fly leap up out of those seats and make it to public before closing time with plenty of time to spare.
Thank you, Sergei.
Come on.
There we go. Jesus.
10-03-560-WQM.
I'm going to tell you something.
I have seen some real crap in my life.
I've been around a long time.
I've seen some real garbage, some real swill.
But last night in the Macarena, I mean, I, you know, you just want to sit there and put your head in your hands, put your thing in your hands, and just cry, just weak like a child.
I mean, you're charging admission for this?
How come there weren't refunds there?
You know, just for a little bit of goodwill.
How come Baldi himself wasn't standing?
And you do realize, by the way, that 99% of the euphoria about the Marlins and opening day yesterday, not just the fact they won, which is a bonus.
But the fact that Baldi is out of the picture, that's what they're all excited about.
That's what those 38,000 people showed up there for yesterday, was to say goodbye.
You bald head had bastard.
We hate you like poison, and we'll give the other guy a chance.
We'll give anybody a chance.
It wouldn't make any difference.
It was John Henry.
John Schwartz.
They don't care.
Even Steve Noodleberg made a given a chance.
Well, I doubt that.
I'm leaving here yesterday.
I get in the elevator, and it stops on the second floor, which is not usually a good sign, because I mean, if it's some of the deadl paper push your people learn.
It's a really nice people.
But other than that, it could be one of the QAM salespeople, one of our 727 people on our sales tab.
But seriously, before I get into who was on the elevator, I walked out in the hall this morning to go take a leak.
And there's a guy.
I mean, nice guy, you know, kind of on the fat size.
He'll fit in here perfect.
Fat guy, a young guy with a mustache, and he goes into the bluffs.
I'm new here.
I just started yesterday in sales.
I'm looking for the tea room.
Or it's whatever he said.
He asked the right guy, by the way, definitely was with the tea room.
So I go in to take a leak, and this guy goes in there with me.
He's a new sales guy.
Oh, yeah, I just started yesterday.
And when I wish him all the luck in the world, believe me, he'll need it.
We got you, you can go down in the street here.
You can go on a 441, and like bump into something.
Oh, yeah, I just started a QAM in sales.
Do you work there too?
Like I said, we've got 7,427 salespeople here.
Man, I wonder how screw-and keeps him straight.
So to speak.
Roy!
Man.
Huh?
I wonder, I don't wonder.
But at any rate, getting back to this mess with the Wayne and the whole thing,
I mean, that's what that was all about yesterday.
Oh, getting back to, I see, I'm way ahead of myself.
When I got days like this, when I have so much stuff, and by the way,
I don't want to get started on the health kicking in, but I'm just going to tell you right now,
my pulse, you know, I had this, which I never bring in here, except the new George was out sick today.
And I wanted to impress Joe.
Well, the reason I brought this in is because I'm trying to get off that hydrochlorothiocytes,
and I'm only taking my low tensin.
But of course, being smart, just in case I brought the other Creole,
and I brought my blood pressure cuff.
When you put on your limp wrist, which solves, you know, two things.
It kills two birds, it keeps your wrist nice and firm, and tells you your blood pressure and your pulse at the same time.
65.
Do you know my pulse ordinarily like too high?
85, 90, 95?
Bad.
Not good.
Perfect pulse for like you would be like 60.
That would be great.
65, I can't remember the last time I took my pulse, and it was 65.
Or you must have been doing a lot of exercise nearly at right.
65.
That coq10, man, and all this other stuff that I'm starting to take just three days,
like a major miracle.
I don't care what any doctor tells you, I don't give a crap. Read that atkins book.
Not just a diet book. Read the book with a bite of nutrients that new book he's got out.
It's unbelievable.
Now you can't take all the stuff.
In fact, that's a good way to lose weight is to take all the stuff he recommends in that book,
because you never have time to eat.
You just be popping pills all day.
65.
Unfreakable.
So while George is getting sick because he keeps eating all kinds of crap and junk,
oh, by the way, I don't want George to get upset because I'm sure he's homesick and listening.
I don't want to get him feeling any worse.
But you know, Sam, the promotion man, he's not referring to George as she.
Now what is that all about?
Did you got a crush on George?
Is there something going on there out of Nova?
Yeah, he referred to George as she twice this morning.
I don't want to create any rift there, okay, because I know the real tight.
Those two.
Because George always comments about Sam.
He's an asshole after he walks out.
But I wonder what she meant.
I mean, what it meant by that.
So anyway, I get off the elevator or get in the yesterday and it stops at the second floor.
And the guy gets on.
I thought he would look familiar like in a real obnoxious way.
Like somebody I had seen once before, but I would hope never to have seen again.
And he reaches out his hand, hey, I'm Steve Notalberg.
See, this guy was on our sales staff when I signed up to come here.
I had the meeting in October before I started on the year a year and a half ago.
And I met this guy and then he'd like to left.
Like everybody else until like Gary Sarner, he left, he comes back, he left, he comes back.
He's been fired 400 times.
Now he's the employee of the month because he's a good guy and he sucks up to the boss
and he's a good close friend with Greg Reed.
So he gets, you know, his $200 of the pin.
And you know he'll take the pin because he's got a brown nose.
So anyway, this guy, and I remember George told me about Steve Notalberg
because George, of course, had to work in production for those months before we started on the year.
God forbid they paid George for nothing like they had to do with me.
And George said, oh, that's Steve Notalberg.
He's an asshole.
Oh my God.
He said he makes, he makes fat boys seem like a good guy, like a real responsible sales guy.
So welcome back Steve Notalberg at Thank God you're selling it in sports.
See, we have to have 65,000 sales people in the sports department
because just praying that they might stumble across somebody who might want to buy the Marlins.
Anybody want to buy some spots in the Marlins?
No.
Hey, they're really hot. They're 1 and 0.
No.
10 bucks a dollar a holler.
No.
Anybody want to buy a spot?
No.
So see the fact that Greg Reed has mortgaged the entire radio station to William Hypinga
and all these sports for Anjane Henry now and all the sports franchises.
They've got to have 28,000 sales rules like I said to go out there and sell spots.
Anybody out there want to buy a commercial on the Marlins?
No.
The Abtonia, Alex Fernandez with that big fat ass of his.
No.
Oh, that's right.
Shouldn't have said that.
You know Alex, why are you sensitive?
Okay, if you're going to be a big, big fat guy, you do wonderful yesterday.
Everybody was pulling it for you.
I mean, great.
Everybody always fallin' all over him.
All the columnists, every columnist that ever wrote in the hero except Barry Jackas
had a columnist morning.
Waxing you fork about the Marlins in a brand new beginning and it was great.
And they didn't see any of those patches of empty seats.
They didn't see that.
It was spectacular.
So we'd like Alex.
He used to be a hurricane.
Yeah, actually, he used to listen to my show back in the early days before I became so obnoxious.
But he hates this because then he even hates your rose.
How could you hate your rose?
He's a good guy.
He's a little dumb, but he's a good guy.
Christ.
Just because he said you're fat, Alex, take a look at him, you're a sweetheart.
You're a big fat polio is what you are.
That's what you are.
What are you laughing about?
It's true.
He's gigantic.
He makes it for an end as look like Minnie Mouse.
He makes Mickey Lolitz look like Miss Twiggy, like Karen Carpenter after the last of
before the last non-meal.
You're fat, Alex.
You're a big cow.
Christ.
They don't name an apartment complex after him.
They just put a sign on his ass.
The Alex Fernandez apartment complex.
That's how big it is.
You're fat.
And you're getting, I've been fat all my life.
If I was skinny, then it would be bad making fun of a guy that's fat.
Don't be uptight about being fat.
You're great.
We're hoping you wouldn't have, can Alex win 40 games this year?
There you go.
Sure, that's why he gets all that energy because he's big and fat.
Holy mackinon.
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
E-R-E-C-P-I-O-S.
O.
If the wreck doesn't die, I'm gonna keep up my shoes.
Drift off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you can.
Oh, right.
A big iraqs of...
O.
That's too big for my mouth.
I want it mercenary and a top of you.
And take it up my lubricated hoops to...
Give me an air wreck that...
Okay.
He'll take you to the wall.
E-R-E-C-P-I-O-S.
I want to drink our balls.
I want your lousy, wally up, you went to suit your oozzy.
And that I'll give it a blow.
Here's a morning ticket.
And big and big.
And please don't tell you take up this.
I want a wreck on this around.
You're pulsing too.
And make your wonderworm explode.
Oh, right.
That's a miracle.
It's working.
It's on circus side.
E-R-E-C-P-I-O-S.
O.
I want to drink our balls.
E-R-E-C-P-I-O-S.
That's a C-5-60 W-2.
By the way, the trend came in yesterday.
I had a call from our program director, Pussy Galore.
And he said to me, man, congratulations.
What?
That's his new name.
That's instead of bluff.
I mean, bluff is like, you know, counsel, bluff, bluff your way through life.
But Pussy Galore, there was like only one before in the movies.
So why can't he be your own Pussy Galore?
These are good guys.
Just a pussy.
So anyway, calls me up to tell me the trends came in yesterday.
Nice job, Neil.
We went through the roof.
We thought I'd give you these numbers, man.
We're kicking some serious ass.
In spite of some of the sports nerds around this place,
who think that everything revolves around this place is the expense in this place revolves around the sports.
That's the problem.
That's why Joe Costello, an air-hast to work with that show that silly racing show on Saturday morning,
works six days a week instead of five because he's trying to e-cat a living in four bucks an hour.
That's why there was little P-P-Bus and Voices around here here,
because they can't afford like real broadcasters 24 hours a day.
Oh, and speaking of that voice, by the way.
Tom Deneberg was at the hockey game last night.
God, I've got so much stuff here today.
He is still the world's biggest asshole.
Good guy, look.
Good guy, look.
Good guy, look.
Good guy.
I'll lose right here.
We bring in here, but a good guy like Tom Deneberg, we don't bring the work here.
He's probably too smart to come over here.
But anyway, he's talking about the, yeah, we're talking about radio and about this station and about.
And I said, geez, you know, nobody can believe the gildy is on here, the bad voice.
How can I be on here?
I said, you know something, Tom, even your voice.
And Tom's got a high twerpie at, you know, voice.
I said, even you sound better than gildy.
So this morning, Joe Castello sitting in there and he asked me, you know, I don't want to embarrass you,
but I mean, how could you possibly believe that?
He says, would you give me an honest answer if I asked you a question?
And I said, sure.
Unless it's about your nose.
And he says, well, you know, do I really sound anything like gildy?
And I went, no.
Like gildy, there's only one gildy.
Huh?
I mean, are you out of your mind?
You have some kind of inferiority complex.
How could you think that about yourself?
In fact, I asked gildy how you sound on here.
I said, how Joe Castello doing with that Saturday show?
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Which I thought was kind of strange.
It was almost like San Collins, George Shee.
You know, there's some real strange stuff going on in this place.
I would say it's kind of like bubbling under the surface,
but it's not under the surface, it's like above the surface is what it is.
It's not under the surface at all.
It's bubbling over.
And I'm sitting here, I keep taking, like neurotic, my blood pressure.
And which I don't do, I only do it like three times a day or nearly.
But I haven't taken that other than drug.
And it's like, you know, like about 130 something over 84,
which isn't anywhere near as low as it usually is.
And I'm thinking to myself, why do I have to be neurotic about having excessively low blood pressure?
Why not just work my way off these drugs?
Huh?
I feel a pressure doesn't have to be like 100 over 60 to keep me happy during the go, you know,
I'm feeling pretty good right now.
I feel like I'm working my way out all these illnesses, these Iatrogenic illnesses caused by certain doctors.
Okay? Not Dr. Mark, he's a good guy, okay?
Seriously, now I feel like I'm working my way back to a chance at living more than another five or ten weeks.
All this crap that I've had to endure.
So who needs to have like neurotically low blood pressures?
You do become neurotic about those things.
Anyway, getting back to that great game last night.
I mean, how could you charge people $57 for the lower bowl?
I heard all that crap this morning.
I heard a lot of the stuff on the worst evening.
Geltie's in there, suckin' asses usually.
You know, a lot of bull crap.
You know, why do I pull off the gloves and name names?
And talk about the guys on this thing who just got to go.
You know, talk about a lot of injuries.
I mean, Washington, no Peter Bondra, far and away their best player, no Mark Ternority, no Kelly O'Hanston.
I mean, they were beat up and bruised.
And not only that, but also long since eliminated from any chance of the playoffs.
Not only last night, but last week when the two teams played up in Washington
and the capitals beat the crap out of us.
This is a spineless, a gutless, a horse ball team.
Why not come out and say it, okay?
And yet it was great that we got Pavel Brey.
That was wonderful.
You ever hear the expression putting all your eggs in one basket?
And that's exactly what they did.
They give the guy all this money and we got our fingers and legs crossed,
land eyes crossed, praying that he gets through the surgery okay and heals up
and he'll be back for next season because God forbid that we have this cast of losers back.
You know, we got Ray Whitney, Ice Gohan, Eric Ray, all of a reason to slump
and he can't carry him forever.
And the goalies have even Kirk McClean played tremendous last night.
He kept them in the game.
And Sean Burke up to the last couple of games.
You can't expect the guy like Sean Burke or anybody else to play great every night
after a long season of no support.
He's going to have some bad games eventually.
Jack Ashes called in on a morning show.
Oh yeah, this team needs some gold turning and they're, oh God.
Talk about the sports calls that come in on this radio station and the same guy, by the way,
says, you know, about how, let's see, you need him or him to vorac.
He picks on the motor vorac.
The only guy that got scoring right now.
He's the only kid that's out there playing him and perish.
You got a lot of steps out there, okay?
I hate to break the news to you because some people in this town are very slow to catch on.
But number 44, we don't need to see no more, okay?
I don't know who's going to take him at this point.
I don't know if Nikki's going along for the ride or what the deal is.
But no more number 44, please.
Okay, goodbye, Robbie.
We wish you luck.
You're a nice kid.
But unfortunately, you don't have it.
You don't have it inside the gut.
How many years have I been telling you that was I right?
Was I right?
Yes, I was right.
God damn it.
Kirk Muller, give the guy a check.
You had a wonderful career in Montreal.
You were a stiff everywhere else.
You didn't want to go to New York.
The islanders hated you.
The least got rid of you real quick because they knew you were finished.
And then all of a sudden Brian Murray being the genius that he has signed you to a three-year deal.
A guy that's washed up.
And Nikki, they keep putting him out there.
I realize they got a lot of injuries.
But even before the injuries, they keep putting him out there in Chris Wells.
And the big black guy named Peter.
A new people there last night.
You know something.
I'm going to tell you.
I'm not one of those people that's going to kiss up.
I don't care if they, I mean, we had, I would say, about 15,000 people there last.
There were a lot of empty seats and why not?
You know, who wants to see that crap?
But this airy time where Wells goes out and gets into another one of these meaningless fights
where the guy who comes up to his armpits, like Enrico Chacone,
he comes up to his pooper guy, think, you know.
And he's beating the crap out of these guys and he goes into them.
And the crowd is, maybe the reason being it's the only excitement the crowd is getting for their 57 bucks to ticket.
I have a theory.
I want you to listen to this.
I have a theory.
That the people who go to the Macarena for Panther hockey nights would far prefer.
I'm not talking about all of us.
There may be, you know, 500 of us who really want to see a hockey game.
I think the rest of the people there would much prefer that they suspend the actual game itself.
And just have like, what kind of like the WWF on skates?
Have these guys go out there fully dressed in uniform and just beat the crap out of each other for like an hour.
You know, cut down on the time.
I mean, why waste three hours when we can condense it down to an hour?
I mean, you know, and you could have different stages of it.
You'd have like a one-on-one where Rell would go out there with like Tony Twist, you know, and they could beat the crap out of each other.
And then you have little guys right when you go out there with the O'Flaur and that's not that the O'Flaur is kind of, you know.
What I'm talking about?
Ty Dolly would go out there with like, you know, somebody came up to his navel like a midget and they just beat the crap out of each other.
These people here would go nuts. They love it.
And then maybe like in between a kid, I'd like to have like 10 minute intermission and have cock fights out there in between.
Get a big Julio crowd out there for that.
Huh, I'm serious. That's what these people want.
Peter Warrell adds nothing to this team, nothing he never did before. He isn't going to in the future.
And BM can go on about, oh, he's going to be a great second line winger. He's going to be a, yeah, well, I got news for you.
If anybody could say that Peter Warrell is going to be on the second line on your team, that tells you right there the team blows the team sucks.
What I told you before, forgetting about Pobbel because he wasn't here at the beginning of the season.
Okay, hopefully he'll be okay next year and I know beyond a shadow of a doubt.
I know that that's how they're going to pedal tickets for next year.
Even after two straight years, not making a playoffs and even with these ridiculously high prices, I am convinced.
I know beyond a shadow of a doubt. They're already got the got the marketing strategy worked out.
And it's the right thing to do.
Hey, a whole year of a healthy Pobbel beret, the most exciting player in any sport in the world.
And they're right about that. He's great when he's healthy.
I told you that before where you ever saw him play the first game. Those of you novices out there like most of you. He's phenomenal.
But we just keep in mind he wasn't here at the beginning of the season. What did I keep telling you?
This team suffers from lack of talent too many stiffs.
Your hand garpened log the Kirk Mueller Robbie Neatermar.
There are too many guys out there that can't cut the mother Chris Wells.
I mean, there's just how can a team you dress 18 guys and two go you dress 20 guys.
Okay, 12, 4, 6th defense been to gold vendors.
How many stiffs among those 20 people can you have?
You follow what I'm saying to be competitive.
I mean, forget about this horse crack. They're talking to it's more of Stanley.
Cop it out of the way. You know, you hope to be competitive so you make the playoffs and then maybe get hot like they did three years ago.
And you can be real competitive in a playoffs. Nobody knows.
Look at the flyers with all their talent. Anybody see that goal? Hextall it in last night.
Against the Rangers. It makes I can't tell you how pleased it makes me to see the Philadelphia Flyers folding like an accordion.
Whether without the injuries before all these injuries they still were sucking big time with all those the big high-played pairs are the Claire and Lindross and Rindomore and wrecking all these guys, you know,
sucking wind.
Chris Tamer from the Rangers, a penguin defensive reject who couldn't play as well out of a paper sack.
He takes a week backhand just a looping shot from Cedarites.
And Ron Hextall reaches on oops.
Oops.
It's in the F and that.
Oops.
Ron.
Oh yeah, maybe that's what happened. Maybe he cut one when it was just at the wrong time, you know.
Wow.
I thought I'd seen some, you know, like Felix Potman with Leafs last year gives it gives up that late shot but at least by Alan McGinnis from Cedarites a great defense minute scores a lot of goals.
The hardest shot in the game. Okay, at least it was a bullet shot. He missed it.
But this was like just a little looping backhand from Cedarites by defenseman, no less.
So never scores a goal almost. Oops.
You know, hey, Ron.
Hextall.
Run.
Come on. Where is it, Ron?
Look at that. He won't even do it again.
I can't believe it.
He's embarrassed.
I don't blame the IPmbearers too, Ron.
Joe's having a good time with the screwed up spots in the audio vault there and all the stuff with the levels.
They ones that are out of phase and one that are distorted.
How do you like that, huh?
10, 30, 5, 50, WKM.
Well, let's see a QAMF in way, man. That's just the way it is here, you know.
We're not concerned about that. Like I told you before, people think I joke about these things.
We have evidence. Okay.
We have ample evidence over the past 15 months.
These people don't care whether your spot is audible on you or not.
Just whether we play it.
I mean, even if it doesn't get on you here, as long as it's playing on a card somewhere,
we made our best effort.
Pay us the money and don't complain.
You know, and if you happen to be buying the near Roger's show and your spot lines up in some, you know,
a little league baseball game somewhere in the middle, eh, too bad.
I mean, just give us the money. We need it to pay Wayne.
That's the whole deal on this radio station.
We need the money to pay Wayne and to pay John Henry and to pay all these other things so a grid we can be.
The sports may have been, that's right.
So we can run all over the country telling people, um, Mr. Sports, I'm the hot shot.
I got the dolphins. I got the Marlins.
I got the Panthers.
And everybody says, yeah, and so what's your point?
Big deal.
Like I said the other day, you know, if you just want to open up a checkbook and write wild checks,
anybody will say it, but then what it comes time to pay, well, that's another story.
We don't want to get in that.
So is it official? I mean, do we do it now that the Marlins are one and a half?
Do we have them the whole rest of the year? I mean, is it a done deal? Nobody even tells us these things.
Maybe our PG, PD, PG, I'll push you galore, we'll tell us some of that's been consummated or not.
And the deal too.
So anyway, getting back to this organization and like I said, you know, I don't care what you say.
It may have no consequence to me because I know what I'm talking about.
You know, yeah, I gave Brian Marie Cretidy, got Ray Whitney for almost nothing.
He's made some good deals. He's also made a lot of bad deals.
And of course the power of everything was a steal.
I was phenomenal along with Brad Hedigan. That was great.
We dumped Dave Gagne and special ed. That was dynamite.
But overall, the problem is if you put together an organization that's dependent only on one or two guys
and then one of them gets injured, what do you got left? You got crap is what you got.
This is a very, very lack-austry team.
And how many times have I said during this past year it amazes me a lot of times like that
two-two tie against Jersey, not too many days ago.
Last time we actually got a point about five games ago.
It amazes me to go out there and compete with other these other teams.
I don't think most people realize it.
You look at the talent on these other teams and you look at what we've got out there and you say,
Jesus Christ, how do these guys compete?
So the fact you got guys out there like a Mel and V who didn't play last night were Lindsey
and Whitney, guys that really play hard, you know.
And over-achieve in a lot of cases.
That's the only reason that this team has been able to even get as many points as they've got.
Because when it comes to talent out there and you stack them up against most of the teams,
the decent and good teams in league, that's a joke.
There's no contest.
So what does this man really put together?
He's got a patchwork of guys and then when Paul Belberry came in,
the skilled guys on the team like Ray Whitney, all of a sudden these guys had somebody to play with, okay.
I mean, what kind of a life have you got unless you got somebody to play with?
That's right. We're all looking for somebody to play with.
So if you got the ability to play good and then somebody comes along like Paul Belberry,
who's so spectacular and can really bring out the best in your skills,
then you see the guys that were really good and then you also would amplify it and I told you at the time,
it amplifies the fact that there were guys out there who can't cut the mustard, like number 44.
That was really something.
Watching him try to keep up with the Brewery and Whitney on it.
I just couldn't do it. Couldn't do it. Could not do it.
His brothers got all the heart in that family.
I hate to say it. His brothers, Scott, he's got the heart in that family.
There's a great player.
Robbie's got the talent. He doesn't have the heart.
And he knows something after this many years, it's not going to happen.
Just ain't going to happen.
And even the guys that were injured last night, you know, Victor Coslov and Oleg Kavasha.
Oleg Kavasha lately is more like Oleg Cassini.
He's doing the thing. I think Victor's teaching all his European friend,
Skating was big loopty loops.
You know what I, it's like, you know, figure skating, like I told you before,
they're doing the old loop like the Esartikin and the figure rights out there.
They're skating around in circles.
They should be playing Billy Preston.
We'll look around in circles on the PA when those guys get out there.
When's the last time Kavasha scored a goal?
A year ago, so the fact he wasn't in the last night,
does it mean anything really?
No.
No, it doesn't mean anything.
The Borax scores all the goals lately, including one off-side one against Dadaway.
And maybe Whitney gets one or two here and there.
He's been little in the slump. He can't go on forever.
And that's it.
Anybody else have Kirk-Molors score a goal?
No.
I mean, that's a joke.
When his stick touches the puck anywhere near the net, you know there will not be a goal.
When Chris Wells puts his stick on it and the puck too, you know,
there is less than a chance of a goal being scored any time in the near future for us.
And so it goes right on down the line up.
So I don't understand what all the surprises all about.
What the fact is that there are two people, well, I mean there are some players that have to go.
I've mentioned the names.
But more importantly, there are two people who have to go.
And they both have the same last name.
I mean, you know, I notice now people are cracking back out the good-bye BM bumper, the pins again.
Yeah, right.
He isn't going to get any smarter.
He's not going to get any better.
And his BS has long since run out of credibility with anybody who knows anything.
The youngsters in the organization, forget about it.
Okay, it's not planned in peory anymore.
Okay, Brian, nobody believes in it anymore.
And the proof of the putting is the youngsters in this organization.
None of them ever get any better when they stay here.
Even the veterans that come in this organization, they all of a sudden go into a coma.
They go someplace else.
Ray Shepard, Marty Strock, us, Dubarn.
They go someplace else.
All of a sudden they're a player again.
They're good.
They're dynamite.
How many youngsters in this organization since day one,
is it six years later now, have ever developed.
Dvorak's coming along.
It's your been slow and long.
But he's coming along.
Anybody else you can think of?
No.
I mean, Mark Parris, but he's already got the talent.
It's not that they developed anything there.
He's a hell of a player.
They get to a certain point and then it just stops.
Because development of the young talent in this organization basically is nonexistent.
And going out there and getting the veteran guys,
the guys who are like a Bill Garen or Steve Thomas,
getting guys like that doesn't happen on this team.
They go out and sign guys like Kirk More,
who are long since washed up to three-year deals for over $2 million a year.
Mistake after mistake after mistake,
it's time to say goodbye, wipe the slate clean,
and bring in some real hockey people here
that are going to build a real winning organization.
And not just keep trying to pet a B.S.
Because the guys that are writing about them,
the newspapers, are bunch of schmucks,
and they'll basically put anything in there that they tell them to put in there.
And basically because the fans here don't know a hockey puck from a lender's bagel,
and therefore they'll suck up any crap they put out there,
including the big black guy named Peter.
Oh, he's a player.
He's going to be our second line right-winger.
You're right.
Uh-huh.
I believe you.
Uh-uh.
Yeah.
Like I said, this guy at best,
at best, is on the fourth line on any team.
If he's good enough to stay in the league, he's on the fourth line,
the checking line, the goon line.
Yeah.
The equivalent of like the Tydon B. Chris Kingline at the Leesa God.
That's the fourth line.
And by the way, Ty Dohmie even got eight goals.
And at least, you know, he's a skilled player in many ways.
He's become, he's worked to become more than just a little goon.
That's with a G.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that,
I want to salute Sean Ebron.
We had that young lady calling yesterday about the National Anthem thing.
Sean Ebron, he's a dark, complex guy that sings the National Anthem once in a while.
Did you ever see him? He's good.
He's really a nice earring too, Sean.
Yeah, he's a dark, complex skin-headed guy.
And he's a nice earring.
And he sings a great.
And he doesn't drag it out.
And it doesn't take forever.
And he's nice.
I like Aaron Bruegel, but evidently, he must have gotten an argument with Wayne or something.
You know, he's in the family.
Something like that.
Huh?
Maybe you guys know that a joint.
I don't know what the deal was.
But Aaron Bruegel is great.
But these people are so fickle here.
You know, we like the one with the big boobs.
And we like the one with the, yeah, and the great ass.
Okay.
I mean, you want a great ass.
Go on and watch the next time Alex Fernandez pitches.
I mean, you talk about a big ass.
I don't want to dwell on that too much today.
But as long as he's already not going to come on the sports roads on the station anyway,
because he's, he's, he's, I mean, how can you have a fragile ego when you're big and fat like that?
That would be like fat boy who were opening up the door saying,
how dare you call me fat, you know?
Just because I'm, you know, stealing Snickers bars from the power 96 sales of sales people's deaths.
How could you call me fat as he waddled on the hallway with his walker and his cane?
Huh?
You're laughing.
He had to have a hip-replaced at IOD.
He had a hip-replaced.
He couldn't walk.
He was so fat.
And then he was after the hip surgery.
He was hobbling around with a cane.
And I don't mean Steve.
Here's a guy that should have learned the lesson.
He lost a couple ounces back then.
I thought he was moving in the right direction.
And then he comes over here and he's, he's like four-speed or Snickers bars.
Oh, and Dennyberg told me last night by the way at IOD.
They're always finding loads of candy and crap in Jeff's desk,
in a waist-basket, under the desk, all over the place.
Rappers, even puffed at him, used to hang out there by his desk.
Because he's a big fat slob.
Now, that's our poll question.
Who's a fat or a group of course people in the audience?
Most of them don't know Jeff High.
Who's a fat or a Jeff High or Alex Fernandez?
Huh?
Who would you say?
Jeff High.
Jeff High.
See, there you go, Alex.
You should be feeling better already, okay?
Lose some weight, Alex, okay?
Too many black beans and rice.
Too much straw in that dreck.
Too many horse meat, whatever you're eating near in the family.
Eat something good for you, okay?
Stop being so fat.
All of that excess weight.
Eventually, you know, that arm, that's the precious thing.
It took all those months to heal up again.
That rotator cuff surgery, delicate thing.
All the pressure from that fat.
Not good.
I think they cut them all.
And now, the league of e-target citizens will perform their rendition of green onions.
Don't make fun of them.
They were very hard for this.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
All right.
1045 and 560 WQ.
Don't let me forget these and numbers, these trends.
We did great.
Some of the other day parts, they did okay.
Not great.
Okay.
See, one of the things that they don't understand.
First of all, there's no promotion on this radio station.
So it's a miracle that any of us ever get it up.
And the numbers, too.
And number two is that some of the other day parts are like narrow casting.
In other words, they're so narrow in their approach.
You know, like, you know, every call basically sounds the same.
A very young Florida Gator team.
And then you can hear those clicking sounds all over town.
You know, as soon as you hear that.
A very young Florida Gator team.
Who cares?
You know, who gives a crap about a very young Florida Gator team?
I'll depending on what they look like.
Who cares?
It's wrong with you people.
Boring the hell out of the audience.
And they say, seriously, people have been put in jail for lesser offenses than some of the boring calls they get on these sports shows on this radio station.
Who do you think the dolphins are going to dress?
They're good running back this time.
So anyway, getting back to last night.
And of course, here we are.
If you would have told me at any time during the season earlier that we would actually go through the entire hockey season.
And you still wouldn't be able to see the gold light come on when they score a goal.
I would have said to you, you're crazy.
You're nuts.
There's no way that any organization can be that indifferent to the fans.
Now, maybe it seems like a small thing.
It's not a small thing.
But maybe it does to some of you people.
Well, let me say this.
To me, it's a symbol.
It's emblematic and symptomatic of the fact that this organization doesn't give a crap about the fans.
We ain't always see.
He believes in one thing.
We owe him the show up.
He brought us the hockey.
He brought us the baseball.
And we owe him the show up.
Even now with John Henry and Charge in the baseball, we still owe it to Wayne, the ball day, for his ego.
And by the way, speaking of Wayne's ego, stock market went up big time yesterday, down 58 right now to now.
Stock market went up almost 200 points yesterday.
However, the good news is, republic industries went down a quarter of a point to 12 and 11 16.
12 and 11 16.
Yeah.
And Pax and Communications, she is not important in life that you succeed, but that those other assholes fail.
That's what's important.
Pax and Communications, down and 8 to 8 and 11 16.
This is a stock that was like between 11 and 13 when some of us were working for Buddy Bud, 8 and 11 16.
Oh, yeah.
Not that either one of those guys is going to have any financial problems or miss any meals, but nonetheless.
It really is bad for their ego, which is what both of those assholes are all about.
Wayne and Buddy Bud, ego.
They're both full of crap and they both look like expect everybody to come to their hands and knees.
Here you go.
Here's my money.
Now give me some crap and that's exactly what they've been doing in that macarena.
Build a guy a brand new beautiful arena at taxpayer expense and he puts a bunch of crap in there.
Can't see the goddamn ghoul like come on and we're not supposed to be concerned about these things.
We're just supposed to go there and buy all that over priced food and subsidize his organization and pretend we're having it a great time.
I'm going to tell you.
My good friend Mike Lang, the voice of the penguin sends over a by way of one of his friends from Pittsburgh.
Send me over a copy of the March 19th edition of the Pittsburgh Post Gazette, which has got a big front page story about Mario Lemieux and his attempts to put this group together to buy the penguins and save the franchise and keep them in Pittsburgh.
Interesting stuff.
Now I thought to myself, thank God I got a newspaper to read here not just in between periods, but during the game because I have seldom in my life said to such kaka just unbelievable.
Just garbage.
That was swill. That was really swill.
Like I said, if any bit there was any sense of decency, there would have been people standing outside.
People would have green jackets on from the organization standing outside the doors, not letting anybody leave.
They would have said, let me see your ticket on the way out.
And whatever the face value was of the ticket, even if you didn't buy it, I didn't pay for minus.
But nonetheless, I wouldn't take in the, let's see, 57 times, do the 114 bucks.
I'd have taken it. That would have paid for the groceries at public and end some.
That's what they should have done if they had any sense of fairness.
There was nothing that went on their last night, including the bull crap fisticuffs that murdered charging anybody admission.
Nothing.
You could stand on an average street corner at 9 o'clock at night in this time and see much more action and excitement than we saw in that macarena last night.
I mean, that was pathetic.
And that was in the first time most of the home performances this year have been pathetic.
The Islander Game last week, that was pathetic.
That was embarrassing. It was humiliating. It was degrading.
And that was before all the other injuries, which was a convenient excuse.
That was the full complement of stiffs.
I might say stiffs, again, I leave up four or five of the guys which I've already mentioned.
You know the ones that can play that mean anything.
And the rest of the guys stiff.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
You tell me what?
Yeah, okay.
How many words did you get out today?
That's our full question. How many words is Andy from Hollywood going to get out?
You tell me what? The three and a half.
Three and a half.
There's no words in under. Is that cap on the gutter for tonight?
Three and a half words on a day show.
As soon as I saw Hollywood up there, I knew it's that asshole Andy from Hollywood.
He's an asshole.
Three and a half words. I'm getting real fast.
When I feel this good, Andy, you haven't got a chance to complete even a half of sentence.
Although I think 10 to 20 sounds good in your case.
Asshole.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, welcome.
And what does that tell you, by the way, about the Panther fans?
I go through 50 minutes of all of this and the first call is that twerk Andy from Hollywood. Yes, sir.
Well, I have to watch in the bottle at the Macarine last night. Actually, not there, but on the dish.
That's why I think you didn't make the effort to go there.
Of course, no, it's not.
Anyway, I flipped over to the Toronto St. Louis game and of course the flyer game, the Ranger game.
And nice come back by the least last night, by the way.
And Sundine and Brian Bararras, go early in the third.
We're down to nothing. It makes no difference. They come away with a tie. They get the point.
Nice going, Koojo. Great saves.
Lately, again, in an overtime.
Yeah, there were down to zip and I flipped over and bang bang and tied the game in the court.
Two goals a little over two minutes.
Yep. But back to the flyer game, man.
What was the flyer fan? I've got to have their parts just rip it half.
I mean, they're my good friend Ron from Philly. He was at the game last study.
Comes to most of the Panther games. He's a valuable flyer fan.
Ron, I'm sorry. I hate to break the news to you, but just save yourself the grief because it's all over for you guys.
They are pathetic. They are fragile.
They're finished up. What do I do?
Huh?
Good.
Have a listen.
Go ahead.
I'm saying that their injuries are just incredible.
What?
Their injuries.
Oh, their injuries.
Yeah, I mean, everybody's out. The jargon.
What if I had to do an injury? We're in the tank before the injuries. What does that mean?
Well, all these injuries started long after they had the 12 game winless streak.
What if I had to do with anything?
You're right. Did you see the back end goal of the VNK?
I talked about that. That's where Chris Tamer that Hextal went.
Oops.
And when in that?
Hang it up, Ronnie.
You got anything in replay as far as our heart attack guy over at Empire?
Rick.
Rick Jenneret?
Please.
I'll whip it on.
And Rick too.
See, okay.
Great suspenders, Rick.
There's the three greatest announcers in hockey.
Let me say it again.
Joe Bowen, Rick Jenneret, Michael Lang.
Tough to choose among the three of them. They're all great.
Joe Bowen's the best.
God is he great.
5,6,7,0.
The fact that he happens to do the Leaf game so maybe I'm a little prejudiced, he's still great.
5,6,7,0.5,60,0.5,60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello?
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Got a big report for you.
Yeah.
Browell Bowen.
Browell Bowen between University and 441 heading east.
Yeah.
Got a guy sitting in the chair with 20 motorbikes on the side of the road.
God bless you, sir. Thank you.
I read it.
And have a great life.
Slow it down.
Look at this. We got to them.
Where's all the Panther fans?
Come on.
I know we're not going to hear from them.
They tossed softballs at guys that know nothing about it.
I heard 8 million calls this morning all of a sudden.
They're Panther intensive.
Pock and Swill.
Round and round and circles.
Stay in the same thing over and over and over again.
You want to just make the playoffs.
You want to win the family cup.
I have an over and over again.
50 million times.
It only takes me like 35 minutes to get to work.
I heard the same thing.
7,200 times.
4,000 times I heard it.
5,6,7,0.5,60, 0.5,60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Even Joe Castella said George on Friday had more calls in 10 minutes than you had the whole hour so far.
Am I right?
More calls in the first 10 minutes.
Right. I know that.
Well, they're not intimidated by him.
He's a little...
Oh, I'm sorry.
What is that with Sam calling George Shee?
What is that?
I mean, if all the people talk, I mean, Sam, I know gets all the chicks, but he...
You watch him walk.
He ever sees Sam walk?
Oh, yeah.
Talk about swishes as he swades or however that thing goes.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello?
I know how you doing today.
Okay, Sam.
I think maybe you're to blame for the panthers getting shut out all the time.
Wayne doesn't want to put up a light, so he gets a bunch of lousy players.
He can't put the bucket in that.
Then the light never has to go on.
That's a good point.
Yeah, the only problem is we don't score in the same net for both times.
All three times.
I guess nobody cares about the other team.
They could have a fire.
Okay, thank you.
5,6,7,0,5,60, 0.5,60.
I'm going to use the UNE AT&T while the slums.
See, that's the level of dialogue you get in this time about the sport of hockey.
What does Guy just say?
Amateur sit down, comedian.
The one fun, the first funny thing I ever heard on the morning show was the
kindest morning what Jeremy Shaft, that was that.
That was signing him up.
Get the healthy off the show.
Put Jeremy on there.
You'll have a 10-year-in a week.
I'm serious.
Get Jeremy Shaft on a goddamn morning show.
They may believe Jeremy Shaft.
They'll have a 20-year by the end of the month.
Get that little BDS torque off of there.
Immediately if not sooner.
God.
I'm still in fact.
I'm going to come in one day.
I'm going to start scouring around up here on the third floor and find who's got what pictures.
There must be enough pictures on here to start a photo gallery all over on this third floor.
Here's Key West.
Hello.
Key West.
Going once.
Okay.
How about a mobile in the Miami?
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's going on?
How you doing, sir?
I'm doing pretty good.
While I'm a massacre, Neil, and I went to see the Ranger game.
Remember that one a couple weeks back?
Yes, the two to one lawsuit.
Yeah.
And I had never been to a hockey game before, not at least with the Panthers.
And I paid a whole bunch of money.
I went to see the game.
And I know that we had a lot of shots on gold and Richter played pretty good and everything.
But what I noticed in the whole game, other than the fact that again the game was pretty terminal,
was that it was really frustrating because even though they had a lot of shots on gold,
every time they had a really good opportunity to score,
the passes would go right by the sticks or the passes were just behind the players.
And the only one time they had any kind of a good pass or player with oil,
where he scored the gold in the third period.
I thought I was going to go through the whole game without seeing the Panthers score a goal.
That would have been really horrible.
Well, I've only been shot out ten times this year.
It played 76 games, so you do the math.
One full of every 7.6 games that you get shot out.
Well, and to make it even worse, the next time they played on TV, I was watching.
No, actually it was on the radio.
I was listening to the pre-game show.
And I heard Terry Murray say, talk about that game.
He was so happy with the play.
And he was so thrilled that they had played so hard and so well.
I'm saying, what are you talking about?
They're like crap.
The man is a stiff.
He's watching behind the bench.
The Colorado game, when this team is folding like an accordion in the third period,
it blows the five-nothing lead.
It doesn't even call it timeout.
He just stands there with his arm is folded, watching Rome crumble around him there.
And just he acts impotent.
He acts like he's just cool as...
I don't see this man doing anything that even resembles coaching, to be honest with you.
Other than if a guy shows up late for practice, he sits him out like a kindergarten teacher.
I don't see any of these two guys, the Murray's must go.
They must go.
One last thing, which was really hilarious, I heard Rimmer the other day that they were playing.
I forget what the team it was, but it was on TV.
And I'm a stunk.
Peter Warhol gets into some fight with some guy, and he's in the penalty box.
And this was hilarious.
And they were trying to figure out Zimmer and the other guy was trying to figure out Rimmer, Zimmer.
They were trying to figure out which is the number of the player of the opposite team that committed the infraction.
And so in the middle of it, they have on the TV pictured Peter Warhol in the penalty box.
And Rimmer says, I think it was number eight, right?
But I heard on the TV which cracked me up because I think it was an eight.
Face down.
Okay, thank you sir.
Great, okay.
Grace that call.
Grace that call and suspend this guy three games.
560560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
1057 at QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
That will give QAM my head for a spotter day.
Why, I am not a Nazi.
Dear let it.
I don't know if you remember me.
But I was the guy whose house you said I'd fire last you.
God I miss you.
Even though you blew up my car and caught all my hair off.
I miss you, but one quick question.
Do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this pit?
No one's got me for weeks, but I'm not complaining.
Don't misunderstand me because I loved you with all my heart.
But if you happen to see my mother, we let it go.
I'm not dead yet.
Dear Atlantis.
I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me.
He might have looked and talked just like me,
but that's surely purely coincidental.
I was nowhere near that place.
I loved you too much to look at anyone else.
Dear Atlantis.
I had a dentist appointment that day.
And I was nowhere near the Sharon Smedallitz Hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good.
It wins all those raries, adds for all that money.
They come out.
Let me out of the pit.
1103 at 560.
WQA.
And by the way, let's hear from all the people who went to the Marlins game yesterday who went because they hate Wayne.
Certainly that's what that's all about.
In fact, there's even an article in here by Alan Snell.
Remember Alan Snell and the Sun Snell who's kind of like the counterpart of very Jackass?
For months there, they kept writing front page stories about Don Smiley.
The deal is just about done.
Smiley is buying the Marlins.
And every time very Jackass would write one,
then the next day Alan Snell would write one.
It would be more stupid in the Sun Snell.
They were playing like a grab ass with each other, I think.
So Alan Snell writes, it's a whole new ball game to fans.
And he talks about a guy, a teal-faced Rick Mendez of Key Largo.
Five rows behind home plate.
And Brian Hunter of Ginson Beach.
Well anyway, Mendez says the Henry Error is a new Don.
Mendez is a painting contractor who carried a Wayne Steel Sucks sign into the stadium.
And of course, it was in confiscated.
Nice going.
John.
In fact, I tell you one thing, instead of the seventh inning stretch,
doing take me out to the ball game or anything like that,
what they ought to do is let everybody,
what's the song that they play at the hockey games?
And in the middle everybody yells out, duck suck.
There's a, there's a bridge in there in the song.
I can't think of what song it is.
That, that, that, you know the song I'm talking about.
Huh?
It's like that college marching, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that.
You know what I'm talking about.
Okay, you're Joe.
I mean, stick with the racing thing.
But anyway, that's what they ought to do is let everybody play that song and let everybody yell,
Wayne Steel sucks, you know, at seven inning stretch.
I can go out there, I think, if we could all do that.
And then just, on a scoreboard somehow, project his push up there,
and even though I don't know if that scoreboard does pictures, we'll find somebody to do it.
We're just hang a big banner at himself from behind old plate.
We'd like a, like a target over the face, you know.
Wayne Steel sucks.
I guarantee we packed that place every game.
The fact is, forget about the baseball game.
Let's do that for three hours.
They hate him.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Happy Wednesday to Tuesday.
Whatever day it is, sir.
Happy you, Pesah.
Exactly.
The game last night was some sort of, and the worst part is that I was at home watching it,
and these guys are still shilling for the Chris Wells, is that he actually did a show for the four Chris Wells.
That kid is Hulu-Lus.
He's a project. He's your project.
And Danny Potman said about Big Black Iron and Peter, he goes, he goes, yeah, you know, in the miners,
he scored a lot of goals. He's got great hands.
Well, it's like a joke.
Actually, watching it on TV is great.
You know, you can pedal horsecraft to dumb people, okay?
They don't know any better.
But even after a while, let's start smelling and tasting pretty lousy.
And those people say there's got to be something better than this.
Although I will say this, they certainly have sold the Peter Relting,
because those, I don't know about the people watching on TV,
but the crowd in that arena last night, not only when he was in the fights where they hysterical,
but then they would show his picture on a big scoreboard, you know,
but he was sitting in the penalty box.
And again, oh, they're shit like, oh my God, the girl, this is like the second coming of Jesus.
Yeah, I know.
But the stuntman.
Because they don't know hockey. They're just going to want to fight.
They don't know anything.
They don't know anything.
But what it really is, uh,
Here's an arena where the gold lights you can't see, depending on where you're sitting for 57 bucks at ticket.
And they still on the only one. It still cares about it.
Yep, I had a lot of...
How can there be that many stupid people in one place?
Just try down to Miami sometime.
Yeah, you're right.
All right, buddy, take it easy.
And have a great day.
Yeah, just try to get out of the airport someday.
You have six people lined up in front of you, two of them lost their tickets.
The other four don't have any money.
Oh, no, three of them don't have any money.
And the other one just got off the banana boat once and over. He gets his green card and food stamps.
Yeah, how do you wind up in the airport when you just got off the banana boat?
Well, they work in mysterious ways.
That maybe they know Joe Kubas.
5670560, pound 560 in a mobile one line.
Here's Miami B.
Chill out.
No.
Yes, sir.
And you've been talking about Miami like it's a third world country man.
Why don't you lay off Miami, bro, it's an international city.
International city like what?
You guys call it Maddy Girls.
Yeah, Maddy Girls.
Yeah, Maddy Girls, it's okay.
Speak it back on the banana boat and go back where you came from.
And take part in Alex Fernandez's ass back with you.
There's plenty to go for everybody.
International city, my ass.
Where has this guy ever been?
International city. Where's he been to Ojas?
That's his idea of being a world traveler.
He's been maybe the daydbroward line.
And that's as far as they let him go.
Thank God.
5670560, pound 560 in a mobile one line.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, regarding what you're saying about getting out of the airport without people with the tickets.
How about the floor of the turnpike with that sun pass lane?
Yeah, we talked about that yesterday.
Yeah, unbelievable.
Now, I haven't done the sun pass thing yet.
People are recommending they send me all the info and the number to call.
But the only problem is I'm thinking, why is it going to be any difference
into the sun pass lane?
We've got so many stupid people here that there's still going to be assholes going through there that don't have the sun pass.
And then they have to stop and there's people lined up that can't back out.
And it's going to be the same thing.
I moved down from Jersey 15 years ago.
And I thought, what a great state.
You get on the turnpike, you get a ticket, and you drive forever.
And you pay when you get off.
Yeah.
And then they switch it around and put all the tolls along the way.
I thought, what a stupid idea.
And it's just, that way they went completely backwards.
But regarding the Panthers.
No, but they did that so that they could gouge the people that are only going short distances in between
and charge you a 75 cents or 50 cents for going like five miles.
But I would have rather paid it at the off-ramp.
All right, if you're going to raise the rates, raise them at the ramps.
And you've got to get off.
If you get off, you've got to get off.
Yeah, but you've got to get off.
And yeah, with the Panthers, one thing that I don't know if anybody else has brought up,
but we've been playing a lot of back-up goalies this season.
Right.
And that's what's made it even worse that they're not scoring goals.
We're not playing the East Guy Hall.
They don't have people that can put the biscuit in the basket.
That's the problem with this team.
They got the Ray Whitney.
And then they got the look at the stats and Eater Mire and Coslovenos guys.
But those statistics for the other guys are very distorted because they get this enormous amount of ice time.
And other than that, and Mark Parrish, other than that, who else scores goals on this team?
Whitney.
No, but I mentioned him.
But those four people who can score goals.
Nobody.
Like you said, not even that goal.
You're going to be a contending team.
You look at my Maple Leafs, who are the highest scoring team in the league.
They've got nine legitimate goal scores on that team.
Count them nine.
legitimate.
They've got five guys over 20 goals, which is more than anybody in the league.
They've got the two guys going to wind up with over 30 goals, Sunday and Burrison.
You can't have this one or two guys and expect them to carry the whole load.
It doesn't work.
You're 100 percent.
Just like the penguins.
The penguins have had a good season.
They're an exciting team.
But Yager and Strocka score far too high percentage of their goals.
And to playoffs, if you stop, either one of those guys, which isn't easy to do,
but especially Yager, but if you stop those guys, they're not going to score any goals.
We'll just look what the Panthers did three years ago.
We stopped them in the playoffs and same with Boston and Philadelphia.
We stopped their top lines, and then they didn't have the backups.
That's why I agree with.
It seems like Dallas and Detroit have a lot of guys that can score a lot of them.
You've got to have some depth.
Like I said, when there's only 18 forwards in defense, been dressed for a game.
You can't have four or five of them or a total stiffs or even more than that.
You can't afford that.
You don't think Chris Wells and the stands are helping us?
Have a great day, Tom.
That's the sad part.
He's not in the stands.
That's what the embarrassing part.
He was helping us more when he was sitting in the stands.
Nowadays in uniform, now he's dangerous.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
How come we're not here from all those Marlon fans?
Are there any Marlon interests in this audience?
No.
I mean, they preempt this show.
And by the way, Greg Reed comes in here.
Nice job in the Transneal.
Puk his blood pressure with my blood pressure cuff, 138 over 92.
And I said, boy, for a young guy like you, Greg, not too bad.
It's not.
I mean, 92 is not my idea of a real good bottom number.
What is it?
Just style it.
How did those go?
You know what I don't know.
But that's not a good number.
Get it down here, man.
Get it way down here.
To go any office, sit down.
Take a couple of value and relax.
Talk to Steve Nudelberg.
One moment, please.
All right.
This is Chee Gordon-Liddy.
And they don't come any worse than Neil Rockers.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Now, acclaims in gold still, they don't know, but that is what
is the last thing ever happened, and in the years we were all
hybrid together today.
But not in the Polars' song, you just got involved oh- oh- oh- oh- Oh- oh- oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
but in the years we had never known what would be
I'm the one to draw a slow, rotational test.
We were by our knees.
Can you believe there was a sign?
They had to be known as the halladale.
No.
Try to organize the crime.
But the experiment has failed.
When the brain disgages down and door the box of sound,
they just fell over the plate.
It's a big touch of strength.
I heard the Arranger's cry.
Oh, this is the day that I have been crying.
What a great place to go to this is
what's still serving as older women
without the sea.
I heard the Arranger's cry.
Turn the bell, turn the bell, turn the bell.
I remember one day months ago, I asked the question about
Peter who were able to build black eye and Peter what the attraction was.
I kept pumping it and pushing it.
There wasn't one response to it because they're too embarrassed to admit that they just want to see a big black guy
wearing our uniform beat the crap out of some smaller white guys than the other team.
That's what turns these people on.
They're not getting a hockey game for their money, so that's what they want to see.
$5,670, $560, $560 on a mobile one line,
instead of, while here's the stupid letter of the editor in the hero,
then a couple letters above it is a good one.
The stupid letter is from Julius Wolfe in Volca who says,
there's a lot of talk in Congress to reduce taxes,
considering the state of the world, I suggest that the money be used to get a more powerful military.
Atomoi, Julius, let's build more bombs.
Let's blow each other up, then we won't have to worry about the economy.
Good point.
But here's a good letter.
See, I look for the good and the bad and the ugly and the in between,
and the cooperative letter I can find.
Here's one from John Rosnack at Oakland Park, who says to the writer who complained about John Grogan's column,
servers issued up reward, good work.
Mr. Grogan is 100% correct.
Absolutely correct, sir.
My roommate is a server in a white tablecloth restaurant.
I have seen him at work in my opinion, he's as good as they get and his work too.
However, time and again, he's sent him an almost rage-like state over cheap senior citizens.
Oh, I have no regard for the fact that tipping is his livelihood.
One evening, a couple that had the nerve to come back and ask for a dollar back because they had tipped too much.
How do you like that?
There's the South Florida F&W baby.
Some old, crusty old farts came back, asked for a dollar back because they figured it out on their little calculator.
They left him too much.
And I might add, it says if you can't afford a tip, accordingly, you shouldn't go out and submit service to insult, stay home.
Or better yet, go to a fast food restaurant.
Actually, the best solution of all is for restaurant owners to eliminate the early birds.
This would solve 90% of the problem.
Says John Rosnack at Oakland Park.
Great letter, John.
Let's hear it for John Rosnack.
Come on.
The only thing to take the old farts and ship them to Wyoming.
That would be a good place.
Get them out of here.
Old farts, banana boat people.
Bring in some living and breathing people who speak English.
Now we're talking.
Who want to be a part of the pogrom?
That's what we want.
Cross the old cheap parts.
And then, of course, fitting right in, the frogs come down because, oh, it adds a lot of cheap people down there.
That's a good place for us.
Parleywood cheap skate, parleywood disgusting with your crappy Canadian currency.
Take it back where you came from.
Okay. Take it back to Wobackle.
They don't watch you there either.
Here's a Boynton V.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to bring out one point.
I agree with almost everything you say about the Panthers.
Yeah.
And there's one point that I never hear anybody mention.
And that means the radio, papers and so forth.
Panthers in their winning streak.
The longest winning streak they had this year was two games.
That's the season's almost over.
But that's only half the problem.
That goes back to the last year also.
The longest streak they had last year was also two concerts.
So put two games, two years together.
And the longest win streak that this Brian Murray's mentioned.
And they will produce two games in a row.
That goes a lack of motivation.
That goes...
It goes a lack of talents, sir.
Absolutely.
No questions.
This is a team that is very short on talent.
Let me say it again.
There are too many stiffs on this team to be a real contending team.
I'm not talking about the Stanley Cup for quite a lot.
It's ridiculous.
I'm talking about to be really competitive day in and day out against the better team.
Right.
I mean, two years in two games is the best they can do.
That's terrible.
Yeah.
And keep up the good work.
I disagree with Warrowell.
I think he's a little nasty.
We need some nastiness on a team and I...
I think nasty doesn't mean getting into stupid fights and getting a billion dull penalties.
I know.
This team can't afford the luxury of a goon on the team.
The teams that can afford a luxury...
The teams that have a lot of talent like St. Louis can afford Tony Twist,
who plays very sparingly.
They can afford to have him as the enforcer.
Because they got a lot of scores on a team.
They got a lot of skilled players on it.
They got top of the meter.
They got a camel.
They got all kinds of good players on that team.
This team can't afford a spot on the roster for a goon.
We can't afford it.
We got a...
I mean, what did the fights accomplish last night?
Did they produce any score on the scoreboard?
Negative, no.
Of course not.
That's a good point.
Alright, Neil, I just want to let you know that because I never heard that anywhere.
That's a two game streak for four years now.
Pretty embarrassing.
It's yours.
Okay, keep up the good work.
Word is mediocre.
That's the word we're looking for.
Embarrassing.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
The one with the 18 question marks hung up just before I was going to get it.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello?
Yeah.
First of all, if you had a brother, who would you hire?
Yeah, who is a coach?
Secondly, the pastor's ever...
No, or something if I had a brother and I got fired, they'd have to fire the brother too
as the way I look at him.
Well, I agree.
But if I had a brother, I'd hire him.
Who would the pastor's trade to get someone from another team?
Neatermire, Svaylor.
Who wants him?
We don't want him.
There, well, we don't have that.
There will still be people who will take him.
Believe me.
Yeah.
And then you want to compare Parvau-Burry, which I think you've been doing.
And I agree with a little bit of things you're saying about the pastor's too, and I'm assuming to go to them.
I would compare him to who?
Games of boring.
When you say yoga, scores on the goals, and over the years that you can't compare the guy to yoga.
Yoga does a lot more, and he's going to learn a lot longer than Parvau-Burry.
Oh, well, when did I compare him?
I said he's the most exciting player in the world.
I didn't see he's the best player in the world.
He's not a physical strong player like yoga.
Yoga is much stronger and much bigger than Parvau-Burry.
But in terms of sheer excitement, for me, for my money, Parvau-Burry is a more exciting player.
One other thing.
Yeah.
You want to compare teams and organizations.
Dallas, Starrz, over the two or three years ago, the worst team in the league.
Now they've gone through years.
They've been the best.
Yeah.
We went from near the top with the Stanley Cup back down to the bottom.
But that team wasn't a good, that wasn't a great team.
I heard everybody else.
They got hot for two months.
Thank you, sir.
See, this is the problem.
There was nothing great about that team.
There was great chemistry.
Whatever you want to call it, they got hot for a couple of months, period.
We've never had a great team.
We've never had a great coach.
We've never had a great team.
And like I said, as long as they, you know, the big black guy keeps coming out there and getting in the fights.
And as long as they keep throwing a t-shirt up in the crowd.
As long as they keep dropping those little pieces of paper from the little blimp.
Everybody's screaming.
And then they love it.
They're a puck shuffle.
Hey, there we go.
Because it's a social event.
It's not a sporting event.
It's a social event.
Neal, what's wrong with you?
What's wrong with paying $57 to go sit in a place where everybody's schmoozing and talking on their cell phone.
And wandering around in the lobby kind of aimlessly like, you know, I'm killing some good time.
Five, six, you see that.
They're out there in the lobby in the middle of the game.
I got people that sit in front of me, which thank God the real offenders weren't there last night.
The rest of the good people, the rest of the family.
Some of them were there.
And some not.
But it's the most bizarre times like they just get up and they wander away and they're gone for a long periods of time.
And then they come back a half an hour later.
And you keep wondering, what are you doing here?
I mean, you're going out to make an appearance.
Are you here to show the fact that you're here to wave to those other people across the way who never seemed to wave back by the way?
That's my favorite is people that are always waving, but there's nobody ever waving back.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Did you say Steve Nudelberg?
Yes.
Oh, I said, hold on.
Thank you.
My sentiments exactly.
We know about Steve Nudelberg.
He's an asshole.
The biggest that's what George told me.
He said he's the worst.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
And listen, don't worry about the spots.
These guys tell him, we don't care about those things.
Are you guys worried about the spots?
Oh, I thought they were talking to you about the spots.
We don't care about spots.
Now, we don't care about those things here.
Just send him a bill telling, give us your goddamn money.
Give us the F in money and stop jerking us around.
We got to pay Wayne and John Henry and everybody else that we don't pay.
And George's bonus or whatever that thing was.
Or speaking of bonus, I better talk about those ratings.
Those are the trends in the few minutes.
I'll get to it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, and pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
11, 26 at QAM.
We got Hank Goldberg coming up into this afternoon.
Hey, stupid.
Hank will be on.
Now, where's he doing today?
At Shulis.
Then we got Talkin' Baseball.
All right.
Everybody, we haven't had one baseball call here today.
This crowd hates the Marlins because they don't like being preempted for all those stupid Marlins games.
Which is next Monday, by the way.
They're playing the match up there and the game is at 140, which means I think we get out of here at 110.
Nice Monday.
Even with all these high ratings we got.
What does that tell you about our priorities?
And then what do we got?
We got the Mets and the Marlins 630 pregame.
And that would be on Ed Caplon after the game.
Game number two of the series.
Any interest in that?
No!
26 cuts.
If your daughter's so perfect, why'd she bury such a pun?
Father in law.
You think you better than me.
But I don't need any cafeterias and I am capable to eat these,
Always wearing black shoes with me through the short.
You complain about satica, you all driving in ford.
You're much swearing in the movies too many thorns at the beach.
Everyone except Reagan should have been in the beach.
By the riddle on, you're like driving big cars.
And you hate eating music, it has a guitar.
When you bother in love, you tell me I am a creep.
When I ain't clippin' coupons every day of the week.
I have something like you, don't go to the dark track.
I don't drink hot coffee, when I eat a big man.
You're a god in my wild, I was not a striker.
You're just gonna have to get over it, you get very as long as you're here.
Let's 301 at 560, double the key up the home of the Marlins.
Any interest on this show?
No.
Marlins, if we get one call, they have 38,000 people are yesterday.
Did we have anybody called here today?
Was it the Marlin game yesterday?
No.
Anybody that said they hate Wayne like poison, that's why they went.
Because they think there's a new beginning with John Henry.
And they wish anybody else the best luck in their glad way has gone.
No.
Anybody.
No.
So, Sandra Sham, who is talking about the Georgian how she's anti-sports,
brings in the ESPN magazine with the Roger Clemens picture on the camera.
A great article about Curtis Joseph and Eric, who Joe,
who is a goofy little dog on his shoulder.
Well, is he playing great?
He's made saves lately.
I mean, he's been good all year, but lately he has made saves
that even the dominator wouldn't believe.
I mean, saves that haven't been invented yet.
Like the one he reached up on his back, out of position,
off to one side of the net.
The I meant to play or puts the puck right toward the middle of the net.
And Koo Jo lifts up his leg in with a toe of his skate kicks it out.
Oh!
A save that even Dominic Haschik would pee all over himself to be able to make.
So anyway, there's a nice article about Koo Jo in here,
which maybe I'll read to myself when it gets real boring in about five minutes.
You always have to have good reading material.
You know, when you go in to take a...
Always have good reading material, always, even on a plane.
You know, sometimes people look at me.
You know, because how long are you going to be in here?
Well, if you got to do the sit down number on a plane, if you're a guy,
of course some guys have to do a...
Squirt, Squirt, sit down numbers no matter what they're doing, all depending.
You take a magazine and a paper or something.
Nor is your brain a little bit while you're wasting your time.
Go to a hockey game like last night.
Pittsburgh Post, because that...
Thank you, Mike Lang.
Got something to read there while that boring crap was going on.
See, the problem with these people is they don't care enough to get angry about it.
That's...
Why do I...
See, why do I confuse myself with the fact that these people are a fan?
They don't care. They're not angry about it.
They don't care if the goal light comes on.
They don't care if the team plays well.
They saw a couple of fights there last night.
They figured they got their money's worth.
Man.
So, anyway, speaking of Roger Clemens, who's on the cover of this thing,
and Joe got erect when he saw this.
So, he saw that Yankee cap on the front cover.
He got emotional.
So, that's our poll question.
Who's got the bigger ass?
Yesterday, we did...
Sit Fernandez.
Today, it's Alex Fernandez or Roger Clemens, who's got the bigger...
5670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
You know this line, too, is going to be Andy again. Hollywood, hello.
No, it's not Andy.
Thank God.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Jesus Christ almighty.
Every time I see Hollywood, I get spiel keys.
Can I see something?
Yes.
Now, as far as television ratings go,
where does baseball fall in line with the major sports?
Is it second or third?
Second.
Football is far and away the first, baseball second,
and then the basketball and hockey on the bottom.
I don't know anybody that listens to baseball and the radio, though.
You mean to tell me they're happy with you?
You're forgetting the fact that, first of all,
most of the baseball games are also on television.
What kind of ratings do...
The only stations that give big numbers on radio for ball games
are stations in markets like St. Louis, KM, Olex, with their 50,000 watts,
or in LA, or in New York, where you've got enough people
so that there are enough people who aren't near a TV
or listening to a radio or a worker or wherever they might be,
so that it amounts to a lot of people.
But in this market, Marlon's get the very weak numbers.
Very weak.
You want to buy some spots on the Marlon's, by the way?
No.
No, I don't think so.
Even if I could.
Keep real cheap.
Let me just see if I got this straight.
I'm no brain surgeon, I think.
But they're going to take off the number one show.
They're going to interrupt their number one show the day.
They've already done it during the exhibition season in the month of March.
I can't, you know, when the next day, when the full winner book comes out in a month,
we'll probably take a little bit of a hit in March,
because we've interrupted about four times for Marlon exhibition baseball.
At least this is regular season baseball that somebody might listen to.
But you know what I've been asking for an hour and a half is
there one person in this audience who went to the Marlon game yesterday?
Nobody.
Nobody in the Neo-Rage audience cares about baseball anymore if they ever did.
I don't.
And I went home last night and since there was no real hockey of any significance last night,
after the hockey game, I saw Mark McGuire hit his first time when I was watching Milwaukee St. Louis.
I saw the home run, which is kind of neat, you know,
but I'm not going to be watching much baseball.
I'd rather watch my hair turn gray in the mirror than baseball.
Right.
And it might.
Yeah, it might.
You said a transfer out today too.
I got him right here.
Could you do me a favor?
I'm going to ask you about another program.
Can you think like, Paul, I got this is the numbers maven here.
I got all the numbers for all the stations.
And if I know, I'll make one up.
I hate this guy to do pieces and I want to see him suffer.
Mr. Ego.
Oh, he don't show up.
Just just humor me.
He doesn't show up.
I don't even show up.
It doesn't show up.
That station does not show up.
In other words, it's only old points.
Mr. Ego, I don't even know the colliders of that station.
The motivation station or the, I don't even know what they are.
It's 1470.
I haven't got any idea what the colliders are.
That station.
Mr. Ego, he's, you know, partly the mediocre career.
At least he's making living.
He's knocking out a living.
He's doing 72 live spots an hour.
And making living for himself.
You got to, you know, we got to eat.
Probably got a lot of tradeouts going over there.
Of course, if you want to eat, you better keep Richard S.
Now the studio.
He'll eat all the goddamn food that's wrong.
You ought to know that, Steve.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
I, sometime between now and two o'clock, we've got to hear from somebody
who was at the Marlin Game yesterday.
Oh, we got somebody.
Here's a mobile and boi and B.
Hello.
Hello, deal.
You were at the game?
I was at the game.
All right.
That was.
I was at the season ticket holders since the first years.
Right.
This year I modified to a 20 game package.
Good move.
Yes.
All right.
One thing you can't say in all fairness, at least the Marlin ticket prices.
I see the average ticket prices like 12 and a half bucks, including all the seats.
Very, very low.
I mean, way done on the Tornum Pool compared all these other rip offs.
So you can go see a Marlin game for a very cheap, which is, I guess, what it's worth.
Right.
Right.
But it was.
How was it?
It was exciting.
It was beautiful weather.
Of course, we were sitting around a net fan down by the bullpen.
Oh.
Yeah.
A little give and take between the nets and the Marlin fans.
But you've got Peter Roblin there.
He'd be the crap out of all.
That was part of the house.
And Joe Rose's brother-in-law.
Part of the ambiance of the game.
Yeah.
Have the net fan sitting there with Marlin fans.
So let me ask you, since you were at the ballpark, now in person as Alex Fernandez has asked his big-saleux on TV.
Well, I was a little farther away.
But he maintains that that gives him the extra power.
So he gets his 90 plus fastball.
Right.
If he gets too skinny, he loses his speed.
Like Samson in the hair, you chop it off and he becomes a winner.
So I cut down on Alex's ass.
So now what's he sensitive about just because Joe Rose called him a fat spicker or something?
It's wrong with that.
I don't know.
Maybe I call him.
I think he likes being heavy because it helps him pitch better.
Right.
So just like, remember, Nikki Lowich?
Yes.
You're already mentioning that.
For it.
Yeah, he always said that.
And by the way, early win just died.
Yes, did he remember the great early win?
I remember.
I saw him pitch his to dust guys off.
He was dynamite, man.
1954 Indians.
What a pitching staff.
He had Bob Lemon and the Mike Garcia earlier win and Bob Feller.
What a year that was 54 of the Yankees Indians.
That was a tremendous year for baseball.
Yes it was.
Yes it was.
Well God bless us all.
Sir, I'm glad.
Thank God for you calling.
You're the one.
Okay, deal with that.
We finally got one guy that went to the game.
Well listen to the Nierogger show.
The rest of these people don't care about baseball.
Come on.
We'll hear some more.
Got it.
Have we heard from any women that they yet?
No.
They are at the ball game.
567-0, they are able to get excited when they see those guys out there step up to the plate
scratch.
They're cracked.
They get really emotional.
The women.
567-0, 560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
21-0, I'll be right there.
Don't forget about the wrestling thing too.
Read that little clip.
Well, it's got its moments.
About that little thing that he felt on his arm.
It felt like a finger.
Now wait a minute.
You tell me the spot I talked over was audible on the air.
The one with the, it was the Atlantic.
The Joe's boy.
That's what they're telling me.
So how is that going to work?
So in other words, we can't hear in here what's on the air.
Is that what you're telling me?
So all these spots that sound like real to score it over modulated.
Like the one that I've been at all to supply.
They're fine on the air.
Is that what they're telling you?
We're supposed to believe that.
Maybe the audience can, since we don't have any calls on the board.
Maybe the audience can tell us, okay?
Since we have absolutely no calls on the board at the moment for some peculiar reason.
567-0, 560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
I mean, that's one hell of a setup we got in here.
That we can't hear the technical quality that we're hearing stuff in here that sounds real to story.
And I keep talking about it.
And everybody out there must be going, what's he talking about?
Is he just making his stuff up?
That's the Greg Readway again.
Here's the guy that comes in here.
Congratulations on the Trans-Great job.
I said, hey, Greg, every month, every year, every book.
Always great.
Month in and month out.
You're able to be, I see a little promotion.
But we're still doing pretty damn good.
How about giving us something to work with?
And that's when he decided to take his blood pressure.
And maybe that's what was a little bit high.
I find that very hard to believe.
Because listening in my car, I hear spots on this station.
They're like, so over modulated.
I mean, so distorted.
Like, you know.
Yeah, I know.
Like that.
And like I said, why make a big issue out of this?
Just tell them we want the money.
We don't care about.
They'll be in a nitpicker.
Greg needs the money so we can play a pay-way in the John Henry.
Who's a piled-drive and steel-drive and got piled.
Who's a big hero today for one day anyway.
They love you, John.
They love you.
Of course, don't take this personally, John Henry.
But if anybody else would have been the new owner instead of Wayne,
it'll have been him too.
It could have been, you know, Hermann Gehring.
They still would love him for a day.
Because they hated Wayne so much.
Worst in Hermann.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I'm native Israeli and I'm a long-term leaf leaf.
Yes.
Yes, I am.
And you're not orthodox, are you?
No, I'm not.
No, I don't really like it myself.
You know, like what?
orthodox.
Because they give the rest of us a ban because they're a banisterio type.
And they walk around with that heavy clothing and those silly old beards and those crazy old hats.
And they run around dovetting and with a towel and laying it to fill in.
And they make us all look like about just stone-aged goofballs.
And they never take a shower.
That's right. They never bathe.
How about a little right garden and a left garden for the Haseedah?
Yes.
Anyway, my point is I'm going to take it off the panthers.
Happy paysocks, too, by the way, sir.
Happy paysocks.
As much as I don't like to eat that cardboard means mata.
That's direct, yeah.
But the fact that I'm going to bring more of these.
I'm going to name it, direct.
Yeah, he's almost as sad as the panthers situation.
And the sporting floor that I, in general, is much as I like sports.
But it is sad.
Is what the hell is going on there in Yugoslavia, Kosovo?
What the hell is going on there, Neil?
It's called ethnic cleansing by the media.
It's called genocide by me.
They're slaughtering people.
They're driving them all out of their homes.
And it's the world of sick man.
It's a crazy world.
I mean, the sheep are going to use it.
And I just heard that they have a group that went on to a canter.
There's a bunch going to Canada, too.
Canada, too?
I hope they said I go back.
That'll serve them a teaching right.
I mean, what I was trying to say.
The fellows Yugoslavans have started speaking French.
They'll be the end of those frogs.
I mean, it is as sad as the Holy Ghost.
I hate to say it.
It's the same thing without the oven so far.
They haven't built the oven yet.
But they're probably working on it.
It's the same thing.
So what's the Hitler in this state?
And by the way, I hate to break the news to you.
But this prima-carve in Russia is good buddies with Saddam over there in Iraq,
which pushed him off the hook.
And he's the...
No, he's selling Saddam, Alka.
He got a $750,000 cash check.
Our good new friend over there in Russia was waiting in the wings until the Elsen croaks.
And this guy is a good buddies with Saddam, who's saying how do you like that?
I don't...
Oh my god, I just hope this is...
It's a hopeless world, sir.
We're filled with religion and superstition and hatred and sickness and the God bless us.
Are they going to send some...
Also to the West thing in Gaza?
They're sending him all to Cuba.
All to Cuba.
All to Cuba and then they're sending 20,000 to little Havana.
So they don't feel like that.
Oh my god.
By the way, I have to take advantage of that.
And they're going to also make them speak Ubra Slavian, by the way.
No more this holy old crap in Ubra, they're all going to have to start being Slavic.
Oh my god.
There you have Slavios even coming in with that goose.
No, I'm a great listener.
I have to take advantage and sell it to a great great friend of yours.
Oh my god, sir.
His name is Bryce Saddam.
He's the master behind Blue Moon Fish Company.
Right.
And he's a great great friend of yours.
And I have to take advantage of that.
And good luck to you and happy apesah.
And Saeghazun.
We have an open line in the day.
There's somewhere 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So what do we ever find out?
We ever find out through your real story?
Friedman says it was on the air but just very low.
And several of their colors.
Right.
It was not airable quality.
Correct.
So we're not just to see you people in production back there.
You can give us a song and that's all you want.
The fact is, how do you, how do you, how do you, the proof of the pudding?
Have you heard that which is not in there anymore?
I don't think the, the default had a couple of spots they did,
and when they put them in the audio vault, they left the pot open so that it like a fed back.
And it sounded like default was talking through a tin can.
You know the ones I'm talking about?
I know the ones.
Oh, well we just made that a few guys in from production back there.
What is wrong with you?
Okay?
Playing a little bit too much grab ass back there.
I know production.
Like I said, keep the PG out of there.
There's too much grab ass going on.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
You can't hear the response from the ear and ear.
Yeah.
Good, good boy.
Okay, thank you.
Here's the Dural.
Hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
Hello, let me get out.
Oh, this guy sounds just like default as a no spot.
Hey, you were right about the commercial that was about 10 levels too low.
Yeah, that poor and that's my great friend's, my garden Jake over there in A-line at Coast.
I'm not going to sit here like a dummy, let that thing go on the ear while Joe's out taking a leak in the middle of a spot break.
And actually two cans with a string would have found better than that.
Better than that.
Even Mark Coney would have been better.
I got to make, I have two observations that I want to.
What a head share, make all you like.
First of all, a couple of years ago, however long ago when the strike with the baseball strike was not.
I promised myself no more baseball.
Right.
And I would hope that most of the people would also remember it, but people are very stupid.
How about these dummies that go out there no matter what they dangling?
No matter.
It doesn't matter, Neil.
It makes me sick to my stomach all these ridiculous salaries.
And here's Kevin Brown getting $70 billion a year and he gets blasted in the start yesterday, which I love.
I hope he never wins another game as long as he lives at obnoxious whore as all he is.
And I hate to break the news to Joe in there, but Rob your clemenz, that's fat ass.
I hope the same thing for him.
I hope he breaks his arm, you know, the next time he throws a ball.
And the only, I hope he does a mic draw.
What was his name, Dave Drovecki?
The only conclusion I can come up with is people are so devoid in this life of things to people.
And anything at all that they must go to sporting events to recruit any sort of a life that they don't have.
That's right.
Because I don't understand any reason why people would keep going.
And then the tragic part of it is here to show you how many no life people we got is that most of these people aren't really into it in the first place.
It's like the hockey games.
I keep asking over and over again, what are these people doing there?
I'm a humongous hockey fan as you know.
And yet I have to force myself to go because I know like last night it's going to be so boring.
And I'm just waiting for the moment that it gets to the lot of sighted enough I can leave knowing the outcome is going to be.
I mean, why are they there? What are they doing there?
Well, the analogy that you made was it's an imperial product why I paid the product.
I don't understand.
$57 to sit and watch that agony last night.
$57 bucks in the lower bull to watch a product that is so bad that they should have been begging us to take refunds on a way out.
They should have been cleaning with us here.
Please take the money back.
We feel guilty about soaking you for this crap that we just put on here.
And I'm serious.
That's how bad it all.
It was the most coma inducing swill you could ever imagine in your life.
In fact, the panther players themselves should have been standing outside the door.
They should have left early, especially some of the guys that could have might as well just have not got breathed.
They should have been outside the guys that weren't in uniform last night handing out refunds and cash saying we're sorry we hope this doesn't happen again.
And number two observation, I'm a spick.
Yeah.
I hate Miami.
This place has declined ever so much.
You have to live in Candolia.
I thought you were creeping ever slowly on Northwood and Northwood.
You got now your pines up to the planet.
I can't live in any of these.
That's right.
I'm going to do you better.
I'm out of here as of in a couple of months.
I'm going over to Atlanta.
I have history.
A lot of smarts are out of Miami.
As far as I'm concerned, I'm going to be doing a lot better.
Most of the smarts in Atlanta, they got like that very light sun tan.
Hey, let's bring about half a million.
You just love it.
You just love it.
You put them in a little havana.
All right.
They're coming.
Okay, be a pal.
I'm going to get out of here.
Wondup like an alarm clock.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on.
Let's hear from all these people about baseball.
Let's take a poll.
Anybody care about baseball?
No.
I've been asking this since that first exhibition game that we had that preempted this goddamn show.
1230 in the middle of the day we got to get out of here to make room for exhibition baseball.
No.
Shame on Greg Reed.
You can have a great radio station here instead of these marginal numbers in morning and afternoon.
Drive you get a great radio station.
Instead, what's he got?
He's got like, you know, marginal numbers on there because he's obsessed with his
sameness.
20 hours a day.
The same.
Hey, a great young Florida Gator team.
Oh my god.
Don't even say it.
Don't even go there as they say.
And I wish they'd stop saying that.
Don't even go there.
The thick Ali Baku in 70 games this year.
Yes.
Huh?
You think Alex is going to get a fat or ass before the season's out?
Yes.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with having a big fat ass but don't tell me you're an athlete.
Although I guess pitchers in baseball, I'm not sure about, yeah, catchers too.
Catchers have to have a big ass.
I'm talking about baseball catchers.
Don't get excited.
No, seriously.
Don't catchers have to have a big ass.
Huh?
It's like a hunch down like that.
You can have a skinny ass catcher.
That was wrong with Benito.
Remember Benito with a $3 million a year they paid him?
That they're $4 million I think.
Wasn't it?
Yeah.
$4 million near for that piece of crap.
Oh, you won't block the plate because you don't want to get hurt.
Well, what do they pay them $4 million?
What is the catcher supposed to do when the guys come in and try to score out a fly ball?
Not block the plate you asshole?
You piece of crap, Benito.
Don't ever come back and darken our neighborhood again, okay?
With your skinny ass.
You see a catcher with a skinny ass.
You know your team is going to be crap.
Absolute positive.
That's right.
Give you a catcher with a fat ass like Yogi Barra.
There is a catcher like Johnny Bench.
He had a fat ass.
Right?
Roy Campanella.
He had a fat ass.
Catcher's got to have a fat ass to crouch down there.
I'll tell you the guy who's got the fat ass ass.
Pudge fish you have a fat ass.
But the Pudge Rod Riggas, you talk about a fat ass.
In fact, that's our poll question for the wink.
Who's got a bigger ass?
Pudge Rod Riggas are Alex Fernandez.
Now that's an ass contest.
That's an ass off right there.
Do you ever see Pudge Rod Riggas?
He's actually not a bad looking guy.
He looks like from the outer space.
He's kind of a strange.
He's not, you know, he's okay.
But man, from the chin down this guy just gets bigger.
No, I don't mean there.
I don't know.
But he's got a body and an ass that are just astronomical.
They're astronomical.
In fact, he plays in Texas.
He's on a wrong team.
You ought to be instead of with them.
You ought to be with Houston Astros.
He's where he ought to be.
Because he is astronomical.
That's what we're talking about today.
He athletes with big asses, folks.
Correct, don't.
That's right.
Why I have no idea.
Well, it's because Alex Fernandez started it by being,
I mean, how can you be so thin, Skana?
He ought to be on those morning guys.
We desperately, if you see these numbers, you know, they need him.
I mean, you know, John Bolzes and I sky is very boring.
John Henry's a very nice guy.
I'm told but also an incredibly boring.
He's enthusiastic about the team.
He's tried to do the right thing.
And you notice all this, I just want to mention this before I forget,
all the hype and all the hoopla about opening day yesterday
and a won a game, six to two, and over 38,000 people,
although there are a lot of empty seats, but they don't want to talk about it.
All of this is geared to one thing.
You do understand this.
Don't you?
The 40 million articles in a hero and all of this enthusiasm put on the stake.
And it's geared toward a new stadium.
That's right.
I hate to shouldn't have said that.
What are you laughing about?
That's what it's all geared for is to softening you suckers up to the fact
that there will be a new stadium.
And I predict there will be a new stadium,
whether you want it or not, at public expense.
Everyone, John Henry said he wanted to buy the team,
and if nobody would build a stadium, he'd build it himself.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
Is he going to put up the money?
No.
Thank you again, my name is Boyz Carter Day.
He'll Roger Scott.
G-R-E-C-E-I-O-N.
If the wreck doesn't sign, I'm going to kick off my shoes, strip off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you get a big impact.
That's too big for my mouth.
I want a mercenary and a hub of you,
and take it up my mover, Katie, and Bootsu.
Welcome.
Give me an air frag gun.
I'm Dale, it's here to the wall.
G-R-E-C-E-D-I-O-N.
Okay.
I want a train door ball.
I want your love and quality Aussie when you're too dirty.
And that I'll give it a blow.
For sure.
Here's a morning again.
As big as this.
At least until you take up his I want to wrap my lips around your clothing tube.
And make your wonderworm explode with glue.
Okay.
That's a miracle.
Oh!
Can your son circle side?
G-R-E-C-E-D-I-O-N.
Boy.
I want a train door ball.
G-R-E-C-E-D-I-O-N.
Two minutes after that, we're doing five, 60 WQM.
We have 400 open lines on air.
It's been okay today.
Better than yesterday.
I'll tell you that.
But then again, yesterday it was great till about 1235,
and then all of a sudden, go home.
Well, maybe they were getting ready for the ball game.
That must have been it.
Because you can see what a gigantic baseball crown we got on this audience.
They don't care.
And like I said, it makes me, to be honest with you,
it does make my blood boil.
When I see that almost 40,000 suckers showed up out there.
I mean, I feel bad for John Henry and never stole a freight train.
He's a pile-driving man.
But on the other hand, how many times do they stab you in the back
and stick it deep inside your rectum?
Before you finally say, you know, I'm not just talking about Wayne.
I'm talking about the players, about the strikes,
about the ridiculous salaries, about the hooring from one place to another.
I mean, I think that if a guy's making, you know, $78 million a year,
that ought to be enough.
You know, if Buddy Bud would have paid me $7 or $8 million,
I wouldn't have left IOD.
I would have stayed there.
If you don't talk about it, you have to have a certain amount of loyalty.
You have to stick around more than five minutes.
But these guys are like rent a Yanta guys.
That's all they are.
They just rent themselves out for a little while, and then they move on.
That's called a whore.
You know, like the motels where you rent out for 20 minutes or half an hour.
That's what these guys are like.
They're paid whores, including that Roger Clemens, who tells him in Toronto,
oh, I want to be traded.
And then when he didn't want to trade them, they couldn't make the deal
because nobody wanted to pay the price.
Oh, I guess I'll stay here.
And they said, no, thanks, Roger.
Goodbye.
We'll bring in another fat guy to replace you, okay?
Who lead up all the same food up here?
David Wells.
That's our poll question.
Whose fatter?
Roger Clemens or David Wells?
That was a real, that was a QAM kind of a trade.
Fat.
In fact, let's start trading salespeople.
We'll trade Jeff High.
Huh?
One other fat salespeople.
Maybe that's the deal.
This new fat guy that started this morning with a mustache that was taking a leak with me out there.
I mean, in the same time.
We do have a divider there in the, oh, thank God.
Oh, and by the way, one of our guys left his can of a lice all on the counter.
Hey, stupid.
What do you know they want to make sure they spray before they sit down in there?
Now that I'm over here.
Here's a homestead. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was at the game yesterday.
All right, here's number two.
How?
And how was it?
To be honest, I enjoyed it because they beat the tar out of a New York team.
Yeah.
And among other things, but it's nice to be out there.
But unlike you.
It's only April.
It's not we don't have mosquitoes yet.
We don't have it's not hot and humid.
It's not 100 in the shade yet.
Oh, exactly.
No, I haven't done it.
20 rain delays yet.
But we do have similarities.
Yeah.
We both are backing teams that are going anywhere.
Right.
I mean, you know, the panthers aren't going anywhere.
And they're still supportive.
They're going somewhere very soon.
It's called home.
Yeah, really?
You still support them.
Right.
So, you know, I've looked down here on my life and I didn't know hockey because we didn't have hockey.
And actually, we still don't have hockey, but that's the side.
No, we don't.
You're right.
That's a good point.
I heard some day we might get a real team.
But we did have baseball and unfortunately, whether I like it or not, that is what I follow.
Because of the fact that that's all I had on the surface.
So, it doesn't bother you with the fact that they stabbed you in the back and they tore your heart out of your innerds
and that they, you know, that they dismantled the whole team.
And now all of this other posturing is just to try to get us to build on this stadium.
Oh, no.
Absolutely no doubt at all.
It tore me up as a matter of fact.
I wasn't a single holder.
And then when they went on strike, from that point on, I wasn't.
I go to select the games because I...
But you are aware of the fact that all of this window dressing that's going on right now,
is only for the purpose of trying to get a lot of good PR going so that they will build a new stadium.
You do realize that.
Oh, yeah.
No doubt about it.
You know, if they're worse part of it, they will get it.
Of course they will get it.
But the fact that they...
The fact that they're...
Even the worst part of it than that is that they will build it downtown right down there by Mickey Ererson's American Airlines Arena,
which is where it doesn't belong, where nobody wants to go and don't confuse them with the facts.
You know, I agree.
But the thing that I was saying is that baseball, you know, I enjoy it yesterday because at least,
and at least I don't know about the Panthers because I really haven't gone to see their games.
Well, you know I'm just in March.
At least yesterday, and it appeared.
Now, I'm not sure if it's going to last long.
I mean, honestly, they really seemed like they were trying.
These kids were out there trying their darnness.
But the thing that will go all me is the sales stuff that Wayne used to do about,
well, we're going to keep them around this is the future, and then as soon as they get up for arbitration,
bye.
As soon as they're good enough that they can do the commander-real salary there.
But again, you see, you understand it won't be any different with John Henry,
because the economics of it dictate that unless you get that new stadium.
If they get to the new stadium, then they have more seats.
They have the sky box.
All of these things that go along with these new arenas and new stadiums,
which of course is like a nightmare because it just never ends.
They never have a big enough arena.
They never have a big enough stadium because the salaries keep going up and up and up,
and the ticket price keeps going up and up and up.
And it's like sooner or later that has to come a point where somebody says no.
We just can't afford that we aren't willing to pay anymore.
Well, baseball is coming to a fall.
I'm not sure if it's this year or next year, but I'm going to fall.
And with the salaries that were in the off season,
that these guys signed for Kevin Brown and Shvon Vaughan and all these other guys,
the kind of multi-million, 14 million, and Mike Piazza,
it's ridiculous.
It's a slap in the face to anybody that's to think that to pay somebody for a ballgame,
they're getting $15 million a year.
Exactly, but at this point, you know,
even mediocre players are now getting $56 million a year.
What you're saying is probably true as far as the thing.
Listen to what I'm saying.
The problem with you saying is true, and I understand that,
and I'm sure it's going to happen.
But when it does, I'll do the same thing again.
I'll just say, OK, I'm out of here.
But I'm going to get the guy at Trump.
I don't think you're right.
But I'm going to give him a chance to see what happens,
and hopefully things will change in baseball in general,
so that the American past might be able to pay for it.
Pretty soon cities are going to run on a real estate.
You know what I'm saying?
You know, we've built so many stadiums and so many arenas,
and then there's going to be one on every street corner,
and at that point, we'll have to say, OK, let's tear them down
and build a school or something.
All right, but the last thing in closing,
any time they can beat a New York team, I'm thrilled.
Thank you.
All right, I'll go along with that.
I mean, you know how far the flyers have fallen
when they get beat by New York by the Rangers' flag along?
I mean, one good thing about New York teams, man,
the Rangers, the Islanders, the other ones making a playoff.
Oh, suck big time.
And speaking of payrolls, by the way, the Rangers
have got that big fat-disgusting payroll.
They're not going anywhere they stink.
They suck that joint out, and I love it.
Speaking of a dead man behind the bench,
ever watch that John Muckler?
He used to be with the assabers.
Now he's the coach at New York.
You ever see him?
With the white hair and the glasses,
you've never seen John Schmuckler?
Joe, you got to get out of the house more often, you know what?
Another dead man.
There's so many like Terry Murray, our guy,
standing with Roger Nielsen, you know what?
Somebody poke Roger in the shoulder, wake him up, OK?
Come on, wake him up.
There's a game going on, Roger.
I would say there's a good game going on.
I wonder if Roger was a wake-win text doll
that went in from Sender Rice last night.
You've got to see that.
Before they put you in a box,
you must see the Gola Chris Tamerscord,
just a weak looping backhand from Sender Rice.
I mean, a five-year-old, you know,
the little kids that they put out there
between periods of the arena and the VR games.
One of those little two-foot kids could have stopped it.
And I still reached that way.
Oh, yeah.
Oops.
Here's a fashion in the shirt.
Tonight, earn any biography,
salute's black history month.
Hello, fine Jack Perkins.
Join me for a look at the legacy
of African Americans who contributed
to the black culture of today.
And turn more lit.
Moms mainly, slapping white.
Eddie Anderson, Moscow Lee Brown,
Chelsea Brown, Latvia Island Rhythm,
Eugene Robinson, Tim Moore,
Blow Fly, Shirley Hampton,
Dothette Cotto,
Lawrence Stilton, Jacobs,
Meldemore, Melbaton,
Lowonda Faye,
Sambo, Jackie Mollfuckles,
Farina Buckwheat,
Steppenfadget,
Erkel,
Urgesteen Wheevy,
Gottfried Camers,
Whitman Mayo,
Butterfly McQueen,
Johnny Brown,
Nate Markham,
Lily Tyler,
Dan Lester,
Paul Dismont,
On TV,
Mikey Cuffesy at 5.60 W.
QM Hankover from Schultz at 2 o'clock.
We got Marlon's baseball
at my 6.30 pregame,
any interest?
No.
So anyway, here's a,
I've got to make up with the wrestlers out there.
Okay, because they're very sensitive and uptight,
if I can say that.
About all these things that we've been saying.
So here's an article about a wrestling team
in Dairy Anne Connecticut,
their high school wrestling team.
And about a young man,
his name is Jay Hoffman,
who's out of the closet.
He's a fag,
and proud of it.
And it's a story about his trials and tribulations
on the wrestling team
and these things that are said.
But anyway, here's a couple interesting prayer graphs
that I thought would like kind of amend our fences
with the wrestlers out there.
If they want to be like lumped in there.
It's just like most locker rooms Dairy Anne's was filled
with homo erotic behavior.
You could do anything you wanted and play off
as a joke, Jays says.
One day he felt something warm on his arm,
looking down, he saw the captain's penis.
I was like, dude, he says.
Yet Jays' stress wrestling is not a homo erotic sport.
People who say it is have never wrestled, he says.
When you're on the mat,
you don't have time to think about that.
I go out to win the same as anyone who's serious
about any sport, he says.
He adds that although wrestlers might publicly make comments
to assure people they are straight,
deep down they're less homophobic than other athletes.
It's such a close context,
sport, he says,
someone who was really homophobic wouldn't wrestle.
He'd be too afraid to touch another guy.
There you go, sorry I do like that.
Did we straighten that out?
No.
So to speak,
he looked on his shoulder,
it felt something warm on his shoulder,
something clammy and warm,
and it was a...
F***!
Okay, here's Key West, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Key West here.
A lot of that goes on in Key West, yes.
Yeah, it's pretty scary down here.
Anyway, I want to talk to you about the commercial.
This way I called in about 20 minutes ago.
Yes, sir.
They sounded like hell on this end.
I don't know if you were actually part of it.
There's the same stuff that does the stuff you do in the booth there,
but obviously there's some difference in quality.
Don't you hear a lot of these spots that sound sort of distorted
and so overmodulated that you can barely even stand it?
Well, first of all, I got a park about 20 miles from the highway down here,
even here in your show every morning.
Right.
But the stuff that we do here,
the stuff that's in your booth is beautiful,
especially the Monica thing.
I mean, it's beautiful.
Right.
But the stuff that comes out of your production department,
some of it just can't hear at all.
And back to the baseball thing.
We used to make the pilgrimage up there during the first couple of years of the Marlins,
and we'd take 25, 30 people up there at the right time.
But after the strike, we can't get any interest.
I can't get interested.
Good.
So I'm not going to get, I wasn't going to get Wayne any money in the car.
I'm sick and tired of all these.
They stick in the, they stick you right in the post,
they twist it around and you know, in your heart.
And then they expect you just forget about it and come back.
And now they want 10 times as much money as they were making before.
I say screw them, okay.
I'm going to pay $3 a year to play a game.
I'll get tickets for free.
All my tickets, great seats.
I wouldn't go if they paid me by the innings.
Oh, of course not.
A million dollars a year per professional athlete is more than enough.
Okay, save some money guys.
Don't want to be a 15-year.
Why can't we give you a salary cap?
Not just for the teams, but for individuals.
Maybe the superstars, five million, okay.
Five million years, all hell of a lot of money.
A lot of people won't make that in their lifetime.
Five million years, that's the cap for the individual.
And then guys that are really good maybe get a million.
And then the minimum salary can be like, you know, a couple hundred thousand whatever it is.
And then everybody else makes it in between.
Who can't live on that kind of money?
And who in this audience wouldn't be happy to work for four, five, six hundred thousand a year?
Hey, look, what do you think for five million dollars a year?
Huh?
What do you think is for five million dollars a year that you can't make all your money?
Yeah, man.
What do you think?
Guys, they go on strike that are making 17-18 million.
And that the missing link there, Patrick Ewing, he opens up his mouth.
Oh, we got to put some bread on the table for our family.
He's making 18 million dollars a year.
He's having to put some bread on the table for his family, huh?
Look, how kind of bread is that?
And bread.
How do you eat bread?
I don't understand.
Maybe he's talking about a thousand dollar bills.
Maybe that's the one with the bread he's putting on the table.
That's the bread he's talking about right there.
That's the kind of heat rose stacks up on the table with the track.
You know, it's unfortunately can only afford a mausaurati in every other color, you know?
Right, that's right.
Well, you all have a beautiful day.
And back to you.
And I've enjoyed it.
And watch your backside.
Yeah, yeah, most definitely.
Okay, see, well, he's in Key West, you know?
By the way, we're going to be talking tomorrow about bear backing.
Five, what?
That's a dangerous new activity that a lot of people are involved in out there.
It's called having unprotected sex by people who have a death wish in our morons.
We're going to be talking about horse bear backing.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, and pound, a pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I did not go to any Marlins games last year, mainly because of forced kin taste.
I'll give him.
Right.
Well, not give him a penny.
Good.
If they build a stadium down on that.
I must confess I did buy an extra diet soda to hockey game last night.
And I must go to church and confess on that.
Did it have a lid on it?
Yeah, it actually gave me an extra lid.
Okay.
And if they do build a stadium down on Miami, I will definitely not be going.
I will not drive 50 miles.
Well, are you going to P.P. Park now?
Are you going to go on back?
Are you going to be going in time to foresee the world?
I will probably go to one or two games just for a social type type thing.
That's good.
But no, I won't go down to Miami.
You just screw that.
But I'm talking about where they are now.
P.P. Park.
I haven't gone in a while, but yeah, I go occasionally.
But I mean, only once a place here.
Yeah, but in other words, if they build a new stadium in Miami, you will not come.
No, definitely not.
Good.
Definitely not.
Excellent.
And the other thing is.
I mean, the logical place for the new stadium is right up by either by Joe Robbie Stadium there, right alongside.
There's all that land that the Morton Brothers you stabbed at Lake Lucerne thing.
Or up by the arena, by the Macarena would be great.
I would also like to see him tear down all that slum down off of Broward if they could do it.
I mean, if they could afford to buy all the property and turn on something nice downtown for Laura, that'd be a nice time for them.
No more stadiums downtown.
I mean, they hear talk about Cleveland.
This isn't Cleveland, okay?
Nobody wants to go in.
It's too hard to, you know what I'm saying?
It's just too inaccessible.
Nobody wants to go over there.
You can't get there from anywhere.
The back row, yeah, that's a good place.
Yeah.
The main reason I call this, that CNN's reporting that 20,000 coast of ice or whatever are going to be sent to a Tomell Bay Cuba.
Right.
These people don't even know what humidity is.
I mean, if you look at the pictures there, there's snow falling on their shoulder.
Yeah.
And they're going to send them to 90 degree, 100% humidity in the final bay.
I guarantee you they don't see too many mosquitoes over there in Yugoslavia.
No.
Not the size of the ones they're going to see down there.
I mean, they're going to see mosquitoes the size of Slovakia, whatever that stuff is they eat.
I mean, they've got that all those bases over in like in Germany and places like that where the weather would, you know, talk about it.
How about North Dakota would be there?
Yeah.
But I don't know.
To me, it's just asking, I think that you'd put people there.
I mean, I mean, they have to suffer enough and they have to sit there and, you know, be a 90 degree humidity.
Yeah.
I think I'll stay in New York every bit like maybe the table would be good.
Maybe the Macarena.
They got 11 empty seats.
Maybe they're coming to the songwrest.
You never know.
Okay, I have a great day pal.
Speaking of the Dakota's, I thought maybe that's what put that in my mind. South Dakota.
Hello.
There's somebody on here that supposedly is calling from South Dakota by the way they're not on there anymore because they waited 12 minutes.
I'm there.
Dying.
Yeah, they're gone.
See, this thing is not disconnecting now.
This is the same thing we had in the beginning the first month on this radio station 15 months ago.
And this great phone system in here.
She, Greg, instead of telling me about, hey, nice going on the trend.
Take care of business.
Do something.
Take care of business.
Get the phone thing working in here.
Okay.
So that we can like, I mean, it doesn't even cost you any money to do that.
So, Val, South, they got to do this for nothing.
Okay.
They got to get this thing working right.
Won't cost you a dime to do it.
I mean, promotion, I wouldn't even mention that because that would cost you money.
And God forbid you should do that.
In fact, 140 grand, you flushed down the toilet last year on those horrible TV spots because we threatened to take you to court if he didn't run some promotion.
140 grand.
Just give me the cash.
I'll split it up.
I'll give George Partt, Joe Partt, and then somebody underlings out there in the hallway.
We'll show a few bucks their way.
They could pay two bucks an hour.
That's not better.
Here, Joe is all for it.
Let's take a vote.
Oh, unanimous.
Just bring a 140,000 cash small bills, put it on the counter right now, and we'll split it up.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So I'm really devastating Panther talk here today again.
Uh-oh.
Wow.
What a town this is, man.
You listen to these calls on the other shows, and then I come in here and I, you know, I know what I'm talking about.
And that's why they won't call me.
They will not.
99% of them will not call me because they know that no matter what they say about hockey, they don't they're asked from their elbow.
That it's true.
And the ones that do know about it, they're from out of town.
Talk to some of my Maple Leaf fans.
They know what it's all about, eh?
Ow!
Because they, you know, they've been to a gamer two in their lives.
It's, it means something.
Not just a social occasion when you go to the air-candidate center, which some of us will be going there for the Panther Elite game this Saturday.
We're in our Maple Leaf jackets and going, go, Leafs go!
We're allowed like that.
To see a real bunch of people, a real bunch of sports fans who aren't just there to schmoozen suck around.
That'll be great.
I mean, the outside of that thing I've been by is it in time here.
Can't at the center have been inside yet.
Beautiful.
177 million to build, not one penny of public funds.
Built entirely with private funds.
567-0560-pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Mobile Indel-Rabee, chill out.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was at the Panther game last night.
I'm sorry.
It is. The pressing isn't what I found a good deal there.
Yeah.
The hamburger is $4.25.
Yeah.
The cheeseburger is $4.25.
Hmm.
So I have to go.
I mean, you're giving away cheese for free.
Yeah.
I hear Wayne gives away a lot of free cheese.
You know, I can clear room in 20 seconds or less.
It was depressing last night.
Yeah.
I was there for a squatter.
Hey, what's in that one of the most pathetic things you've ever seen in your life?
I've never gone to a hockey game and felt worse when I left.
Right.
And I felt great when I left because there was still 10 minutes left in the third period.
And I thought, oh, thank God that Sergey Gonchar scored that other goal.
So now we know that the outcome is decided.
And we can get out of here and go to public and get some crap.
Yeah.
I left early too, which I never do.
Yeah.
And I don't know.
I was watching the skate around in Garberloff and Morell.
We're the last guys on the ice and they were shooting the pucks at the empty net and missing.
Yeah.
And missing.
I couldn't believe it.
So I just got out of there.
Well, I'm glad you had a good time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Biggest asset America sports assets were talking today.
Pudge ride.
I think he wins hand.
Asked down.
Cheeks down.
Huh?
Alex Fernandez has got a big ass.
But he's not in the same category with Ivan Rodriguez from the Texas Rangers.
Man.
That kid.
He's got a just a jogging.
And it's got nothing to do with sex.
I mean, if you got two eyes, you see guy with those tight pants on it.
It's supposed to be an athlete.
And he's got this big enormous ass sticking out.
You know who else used to have a big ass was.
What was his name?
The the bull.
Cecil Fielder had a big.
Cecil Fielder had a enormous ass.
Cecil Fielder.
Cecil Fielder.
His arm was like a hamhawk.
I mean, this man was just humongous.
What was his name?
Was it Jose Cruz that had the big ass?
No.
Orlando, subpoena.
Wasn't he the bull?
See, this goes back so many years now.
I'm forgetting that.
It goes to show I'm getting old.
I was big into baseball.
You remember Orlando subpoena way before your time.
He had a monstrous ass.
And he wasn't that big of a guy.
He was just like an ordinary guy who just happened to have a few months.
Well, he was a Hispanic.
They have big asses.
They're into big asses.
They work on big asses.
Well, they really do.
They have special things to do to make their.
Yeah.
What's just happened there?
Well, you know what happened?
How did I do that?
Well, we're having a technical day here today that I wouldn't wish on.
But, you know, being a homosexual in today's society isn't easy.
And the first sign of HIV in today's homosexual male is a severe pounding in the ass.
That's why the people at Glutius Pharmaceuticals bring you a brand new product that stops that severe pounding before it starts.
Aspirin.
Aspirin is non-toxic and available without a prescription.
Simply place one aspirin between your knees at bedtime.
Sleep on your back and you'll wake up feeling refreshed and able to walk.
Aspirin.
The first of it's kind of available over the counter.
Try aspirin today and prevent the pain for the makers of self-interrupted.
Rectome.
Okay, 1231 and 560.
We're ass-intensive today.
And of course, who doesn't like a little ass?
Or in some cases, a lot of ass.
Like, now, what were the names Greg Olsensky somebody called in?
He was also the bull, by the way.
He had a big ass.
Not like the guys we're talking about though.
I mean, set your right.
Tess will feel the right way.
I would say wins a ass down, cheeks down.
He's just a monster.
And he got cut by the brewers or whatever else.
Did anybody pick him up?
Of course, you have to get a mag truck to do that.
You have to get a crane to pick him up.
Sessel.
There's a real athlete for you.
A little fielder.
560.560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Ass-intensive Tuesday here.
I'm going to get to these numbers, by the way, in just a couple of minutes.
I want to get around to it.
Well, I want to say the exciting part for last.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
Great.
I have two things to talk to you about.
First, I'm going to address the Marlins and baseball.
I'm going to the game tonight because I got tickets from the van last week.
Thanks, Tess.
You got three tickets from us.
Great, excellent.
And I will be going again tomorrow night.
And by the way, I give my tickets away for yesterday's opening game.
Did anybody call today and say thank you?
We had a great time or a bad time?
No.
Not yet. I just mentioned that in passing.
And I will be going again tomorrow night.
A friend of mine from Out of Town is coming in.
Right.
And we're going to go together.
I am a met fan, by the way.
I was just going to ask you that.
You sounded, I don't know how I knew that, but I just had this feeling.
I've called before and said that.
Right.
I don't care what things are going to happen.
Look, you're a fan of whoever you're a fan of.
I have several times I have apologized for jumping on that bandwagon years ago.
Oh, when you come down here, you've got to give it a...
If you've been a fan of something for like me with a Maple Leafs 100 years,
you're not going to change your religion just because you moved someplace else.
That means you're a fair-weather fan.
Right.
You're a fee like who you like.
And my wife, who was never a baseball fan until the Marlins started up,
is a Marlins fan.
And she's going tonight, so I know it will be a rivalry between the two of us.
The thing I wanted to talk about that you discussed yesterday was the Actions Diet.
And I'm a proponent, I've been on it four years ago,
so I had surgery, bypass surgery, and I had to lose a lot of weight.
And I lost 50 pounds.
And the thing about the Actions that I've noticed people that are on it,
and I do know one gentleman who's on it and uses it as a lifestyle rather than a diet.
And he lost his mental weight.
That's not a diet.
That's not a diet.
He's right, it's not a diet.
If you go on the Actions Diet, you have to stay with it the rest of your life.
I know you can go off a little bit here and there,
but you have to stay with it because once you go off, it all comes back.
That's the point.
You should go off, bang, you're right back, almost where you started.
Right.
And that's the thing I'm talking about is that you can, in some cases, modify it
so that the weight gain that you experience is minimal.
But that's what the book tells you.
He has all these different phases.
I mean, you don't go like under 20 grams of carbs every day the rest of your life.
Right.
The thing is, though, my doctor, who has me on just two medications,
basically 15 milligrams of medication per day,
one is a cholesterol medication, the other one is an ACE inhibitor for blood pressure.
Yeah.
And that's the red part.
When you say the cholesterol thing and you pass it, how high is your cholesterol?
Last time it was 170.
And you're still on cholesterol medication?
Was it going to go to a cholesterol of 170?
It could throw it to that.
But what was your cholesterol before you started taking it?
Way over 200 and something.
I don't even know.
Over 200 is not that high.
Well, the thing is, I had a very bad EKG when I went and I had, you know,
I had a giant and all the things.
That's the right thing.
That's the right thing.
We were the bypass.
And I need that.
And we tried to do the angioplasty and it didn't work.
So far.
But the thing is, you change your lifestyle.
The point is that with the actions and everything else,
I have been able to maintain the weight loss, which I think is very significant.
Of course.
And that's the goal.
The goal is to try and lose as much as you can.
I'm still overweight.
Let's face it.
It's a battle.
It has been all my life.
But I, you know, I listen to what you say and I think you and a large part
are directly related to me going on the actions.
Good.
You got me interested in it and I went on it.
I read the book, you know, which I bought.
And I've been on it.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I've been on it for a long time.
I'm not ever going to tell anybody
because it would be totally responsible
if they need anything to do
without talking to a doctor that knows his craft
to stop doing a drug.
But the goal is if you're capable of it
to get off those prescription drugs,
not to take them the rest of your life
because every single one, like Dr. Mark says all the time,
every single one has got side effects
and every single one at any given time
could put you in a box.
So there you go.
You get it?
No.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, a pound 5, 60 on the 18 to wireless line.
This coke you can't stop.
This is great stuff.
And you'll see it's not something artificial,
your body produces it.
But in a lot of cases, not enough.
Just like your body produces most other vitamins except C.
But most of us don't have enough.
I mean, I'm sitting there this morning,
I'm taking my blood pressure
and I see a pulse of 65.
It's like, there are people who are like athletes
who's pulses like 60 or 65.
People who are in the peak of a population
health were like half my age
i'd be a lot like that great great comes here as possible seventy two is this
pressure was a little bit too i only i suppose to take it standing up okay
great
and you're a blood pressure either
bill for cars and mine across the china
you let out the giggle
when he makes it we go
money car is not the kind you can do in the behind
back up
and her but i know she don't mind
okay
we don't know where the so we go
i can see how there was some confusion
between humor door and human horror
and
working all their
little
Oh, put an explode in, load in for my car was flowing, rings a smoke.
Builds the cars and mine cars are China.
She lets out a giggle, every time he makes it we go.
Monaco is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and herb a China she's on mine.
Oh, people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the linking bedroom she was born and out door was doing her with Bill Bones.
Builds the cars and mine cars are China.
Okay.
She lets out a giggle, every time he makes it we go.
Monaco is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and herb a China she's on mine.
Oh, candy is that it?
Yeah, that's not the right thing.
Oh, yeah, that's the time.
What you got to do is take a sip of Bill Bones.
And put it in the ground.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, that's the car.
Yeah.
146 years of classic for you mark that down in your calendar, boys and girls.
Joe Costello is going through a little exercise here.
See one thing I've learned about human nature, that monkey see monkey do thing.
If you have any kind of like a health device, like if you have a rectal thermometer,
well, maybe that's not a good example.
Okay, what does it say?
105 and 87.
105 is good.
87 for guy your age with your pot belly.
We just want to do anything 10 times as getting nervous.
I had no pulse.
Let me tell you right now, Mr. that thing don't lie.
Now, what is your pulse?
It'll alternate with the blood pressure.
What's your pulse?
89.
89.
Mine was 65 this morning.
I'm like more than twice your age.
Okay.
Your pulse is a guy like you.
It's a guy like you.
It's a one stops.
It just gets slower and slower until it eventually stops, right?
Well, your pulse.
No.
You're just irrationalizing now.
Okay, I don't want to get you nervous.
Now, what was it again?
105 over 97.
Oh, 87.
What was it?
172.
See, they all want to now take their blood pressure.
They all got my little, I got one of those cups.
And that's very accurate, by the way.
It's got to always keep the batteries fresh.
Because you don't monkey around with your health.
As you get older and you get closer to being put in the box,
at least you want to say to yourself,
at least I'm trying.
I'm made up of these exceeding,
but I'm trying to do all of these things.
And I'm finding out that these, now granted,
you don't take any blood pressure medication.
You don't have a high blood pressure, right?
Oh, no.
Well, what do you mean, oh, no, at least you do.
I don't know.
87 is not good.
87 sucks.
It should be like, if it was 105 over 70,
then I'd say, all right, even 75.
That would be great.
But 105 over 87?
What can I do?
We'll wait until about a half an hour.
And then you'll take it again.
When you're calmer,
he was just trying to do it here about 20 times.
And unfortunately,
that wasn't paying that much attention.
He had it on upside down over the top of,
over the top of the wrist, which is a little limp, I guess.
Huh?
Yeah, Sam came in and tried to do it and kept flopping off his wrist.
So what is he, you know, he's calling George Shee.
Who are you, kid in the Sam, huh?
He's got all those beards up there in the box.
Never have a beard in the box.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless phone.
Anybody want to come in here and take their blood pressure, huh?
Uh-huh.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Hey, they're great.
Isn't it?
Yeah, and now that we were on the subject of a way to hang on.
This, uh, this past month, you know, they start sending you,
so you can start paying for the season tickets on the Dolphin season.
Or are they?
Well, I know you don't pay for any of the tickets or anything like that.
I don't pay for it now.
Usually in May they send you the last bill saying you got to pay up or lose your seat.
Right.
And this year, I always wait till May to pay it and, uh,
they cancelled my seat.
Based on what?
On that I didn't send the payment before March.
Um, before March now they moved it up two months.
Yeah, they did.
And I couldn't, I couldn't believe it.
We called and they say, sorry, you didn't pay.
So.
And I'm pretty glad I was just getting upset and all that.
But look at all, look at all the money you're going to save now.
They probably need your favor.
In three years it went up 100 bucks plus they don't even talk about parking.
Right.
Yeah, and then they doubled the park in 20 bucks to park out in the middle of a field somewhere.
And get your shoes, get soaked up to your knees.
Yeah.
Right.
So I said to my wife, uh, fantastic.
At least we don't have to worry about it.
We can go on the boat now.
That's right.
And you can sit at home and watch the game for free and look how much more comfortable it will be.
And we'll cost anything to park in the garage.
But it's not real how they can, you know, seven months before the season even starts.
They get all this money.
Oh, and find a way that's a good point.
All that playoff money we sent in for the Panthers.
I hate to break the news to them, but, uh, you know,
they're going to be no playoffs.
And he probably puts it in accounts on where he floats it and makes a
month of interest on them.
Whoever he makes, that's right.
Whatever kind of he, uh, interest, he makes it free money.
And here we push lepers working our butts off to just pay, uh,
to go see some games.
So blessing it is guys.
Don't spend it all in one place.
All right, Neil.
Okay, see you.
Yeah, they hate him.
Like poison.
They really do.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I feel so much better.
I feel better today.
And I'm watching all these other young whippersnappers who are taking their blood
pressure.
And I realize I'm still taking medication not nearly as much as I used to.
I've cut away down, baby.
And if I can never get off this hydrochlorophyteside and really start losing the weight,
then I'm going to have to go back to the hospital.
And I'm going to throw all this crap in the crapper right in the old turlant.
I'm going to have a big party and throw all those prescription drugs.
I've already gotten off that prebacall, which they should croak before I'll take that again.
All new people are getting killed by prescription drugs by pill pushers.
Go find yourself a doctor like Dr. Marker, or any doctor nearby you who's not a pill pusher,
who's a minimalist who doesn't believe in killing you with prescription drugs.
I'm begging you, if you value your life, okay?
Just like we keep begging that fat booster.
And the more we...no, seriously, the more I talk about it, the fatter we get.
You don't have to like...they have to use the crane to squeeze them through the doorway in there
and that studio now that we got the new studios.
They have to squeeze this ass in here with a crane and the rest of them too.
Talk about a fat ass.
I'll tell you, you can take Movaughan, Sesselfielder, Roger Clemens, and Alex Fernandez.
Put them all...and Sid Fernandez.
Put them all together.
You still have a match of one bush on this.
That's how enormous he's gotten.
Ain't there's a good job on his Marlins' games we like you, boo.
But Jesus Christ!
Man, put the fork down for a minute.
Just for one minute, he's the kind of guy that says,
hey, let's go out and have a few meals.
You know, like Don Deleuys and Faso, let's go have a couple of meals.
Stop!
Before it's too late.
Here's a lady in Dear Field Beach, hello.
Hey, no, how you doing?
Oh, lady, our first lady of the day.
Oh!
Hey!
And I was an opening day yesterday.
Well, there's number three, excellent.
But even the Chan Henry Quattro team that were still shadows of Wayne Heiseng around.
Wayne Heiseng around.
Wayne Heiseng around.
Yeah.
The music was so loud between the ending.
Really?
I thought I was at a Pantsipam.
Mind blowing, yeah, why didn't they stop that stuff?
I mean, why can't they let our eardrum settle a little bit?
I'm really okay.
And just let the atmosphere and enjoy it.
I'm telling you, there's nothing like it.
When at the Panther games, even those just few seconds, once in a while,
in between whatever the noise they make, I enjoy that so much.
When they just give me a chance to let my eardrum stop dancing around for a couple of seconds,
I say, oh, this is the greatest thing in history.
Oh, and there's a lot of crowd noise anyway between the ending.
Everybody stop moving around and talking.
And then they throw all this music in.
You can't hear the person next to you.
But I was with a group of about 30 people.
And the only reason why we all went was because Henry bought the team.
But it gave him a chance.
Hopefully he'll be able to do magic.
But if he builds the...
In other words, if Wayne was still the owner, you would not have been there yesterday.
I don't want to put words in your mouth.
No, no, you're right.
You're absolutely right.
And if he builds the stadium in downtown Miami, we won't ever go.
Right.
Here that, John Henry, they don't want to go to downtown Miami.
Nobody in this town wants to go downtown Miami, except the Miami hero,
then they should only quote, nobody wants to go there.
Well, we're hoping for a good year out of the mile.
We're going to say have a lot of downpires.
They look pretty good, yes.
And the youngsters in the organization, that's right.
Yeah, a lot of them say stay good.
But then we're wanting to get too good, because then they want some real money
and then they'll have to go someplace else.
And then they'll be gone and we'll be out a lot again.
So what we're looking for is mediocrity.
Keep that in mind.
Yeah, mediocrity.
The youngest, so I think it's always free here to tell you about it.
Okay.
Have a great day.
See you.
Bye.
Bye.
Wow, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wilders Line.
That's what you guys need to play at these sporting events.
A lot more of the sounds of silence.
I'm not talking about Simon and Garfunkel.
I'm just talking about silence.
Give us a chance to breathe for Christ's taste.
You know, there's nothing worse.
Like Tommy Denimberg, who's a good guy, comes over there, we're talking,
reminiscing about old times, talking about what a slob fat boy is.
All these things, you know, radio stuff.
And we're having a chat between periods last night, which is probably the highlight of the whole night,
because there was nothing else good happened.
And, you know, I can't even hear each other, but he's sitting in the seat next to me.
And I still can't hear what he's saying.
Except when he talked about what a pucks guilty was and how could that voice possibly be on the air.
And I said, uh-huh.
Here's Fort Waterdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
Oh, so, Patty, what's for Waterdale?
Now, he's Miramar, but, uh, this is how much I love you.
I wait for you, no matter what.
Well, God bless you.
Okay.
First thing, first of anything else, that clinic, that clinic that that asshole,
Remar told you to go.
Yeah.
Where they're trying to fix, pay, bowl, and dinner.
Now, we know why these guys take three years to get better.
But they need to go to the heal too quickly over there.
I don't know what that is.
Maybe they need some aspirin.
Uh-huh.
But in any case, yeah, yeah, they need some aspirin.
But you know, who really needs aspirin?
And who's that?
And that's Robbie.
Have you seen how he skates around and around and around?
Must be that pain in the ass he has.
Yeah.
And the other thing I want to know.
Maybe he's got bad voice, doesn't he?
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
But he should go and take Terry and practice a little bit in Cosavo
and let us know how things are doing over there.
Uh-huh.
The other thing, the one thing I really called you for is the point.
Yeah, let's go to it.
This is the point.
Remember that asshole that lives in Boynton Beach, that doesn't like Colombians?
No, it's not Boynton Beach.
He's in Fort Myers.
That asshole.
That asshole.
We should send him down in Cosavo and whenever he's there, he's going to call us from there.
It'll be a call that we'll pay.
If you don't pay, I'll pay.
But you know why?
Only so he can tell me where the hell he's got right now.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, whatever you say.
You got it?
No.
Okay.
5667-0560.
We got 7200 open lines here in this last hour.
Pull question.
Who's got the biggest ass in sports?
0.550 on the AT&T wireless line.
Whatever I said.
Hank Goldberg from Shule Estate 2.
Thanks for having a pretty big ass.
Huh?
Wouldn't you say?
I mean, he would agree to that.
I think, you know, he's not sensitive about having a fat ass.
When you're fat all your life, I got a fat ass.
Not like Hank's.
But and and and Hank has a tiny ass compared to Booge.
Okay.
We just took a poll.
Hank, you have to loosen that 35 pounds or whatever.
He's looking pretty good.
He's not even the same category anymore with Booge.
I mean, Booge is got.
He's got it.
And now, okay, there's a good question.
Now, that's a good match.
Booge or Fat Boy?
Huh?
Who's got the biggest ass in that matchup?
Fat Boy.
You think?
I'm not so sure.
I think Booge is catching up rapidly.
I mean, by the spoonful.
Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying
to hear the Pope singing on his own CD,
your prayers have been answered.
Now, through a special arrangement with the Vatican,
his holiness is back.
And he's singing better than ever on the Pope's sing.
He's loving the little dude myself.
My name is Pope John Paul.
Yes, it's Pope John Paul II singing songs that will lift you up
and make you get down.
He's turned around and starting to play that organ new
with the choir boy.
Play that organ music right.
Play that organ music right boy.
Play that organ music right boy.
Play that organ music till I die.
Which might be so.
The Pope sings, gives you the chance to hear the many sides
of the owner of the Pope's reveal.
On the rob of Pope's reveal.
Much better than the owner of the Pope's.
He's a part of the CD.
He's a part.
You should be playing fingers.
Or you should not only get the finger that church play.
I said, if you want to.
You have to be just poor if you lose your shirt.
So come out and play fingers.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
Oh, sixty-nine.
I ain't planting no way they met in cheap things.
The Pope sings, there's available now
at a special introductory price.
Get it and save yourself.
Five dollars.
Hurry.
What's this obsession with Hoki?
Let's let it run to the boys.
One, let it run to the regulation.
All right.
I'm going to pass to the middle.
Shes them back together and I'd rip it up to Galley of set it.
Galley, feeding one in.
Hi, up the glass.
And behind the net.
Sip that in front and pack up.
When he came up with it, he was in his state.
They were sticking it in with Ward.
Elings of the pack up.
Pack up, get taken down.
Who's Ward's trying to get in front of him again?
Ruth and I, James and Prima-Gah,
30 seconds left by Ward.
Back in the corner.
Dawn running, York, and heavily into the boards.
Sabers trying to keep it in and do.
Dawn, bring it out to the corner by Alfredson.
No penalty.
And Jammer on the boards again.
Come on in front of the show right now.
Pick it to see who he is.
The winner sets the star.
The bubble on Sabers.
Put 13, 1, 1, 2, and flip on the clock.
That one is Harvard home.
The Sabers in front by one.
A wild celebration both on the ice and at the bubble of it.
Sabers putting on incredible pressure in the last minute of play.
And so far away, that takes a lead.
Well, better than you think.
You can drop a pen in the corral, sir.
Oh, that's the only noise.
There's a shuffle of feet.
People leaving the building.
But don't sit on it, Rick.
So I don't want to burst your bubble.
Rick, you had to read the great, Rick, you had to read the Buffalo Sabers.
So it was only about 20 hours ago.
The guys were just dawned on me.
I hadn't played it yet.
Well, I haven't got to the ratings yet either.
Well, we see we've got a lot of stuff to do here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
You ready to take your blood pressure again?
All right.
Now do it in there.
Come and get this thing and do it in there.
And just sit quietly for a minute before you do it.
Because I made it for that bottom number is 87 again.
I'm going to be greatly concerned.
Of course, one thing I'm noticing that seems to be a comment denominator around this joint.
A lot of people with higher blood pressure than they really should have.
Maybe it might be this place.
Uh-huh.
Do you ever think about that?
I do every day.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, I just wanted to bring up a couple points.
Everybody's talking about the Panthers and everything in there, and the problems with them.
But the bottom line is until you get rid of Murray, Murray Brothers, the real story.
Right.
Yeah, they're going nowhere.
Think about it.
John and Ann Beesbrook.
Because the sports guys were talking this morning.
They were saying, well, they didn't know one guy could really make a much difference.
But if I was mistaken, like I said, back in April, one man put the team on his back and carried them into the playoffs.
Yeah.
You know, Ann being successful.
But, you know, they got rid of him.
They got rid of Stu Barnes.
They got rid of people that really...
You mean, he struck it right?
Yeah, there were.
There was strong, there posed leadership that could help carry the team.
But I think, see, a lot of folks don't understand this.
This town has built on people whose only idea is to capitalize economically off others and marginalize them.
And that's it.
That's the bottom line with all this.
That's why the dolphins ain't going to Super Bowl this year or years to come.
Right.
And that's why all of the sports...
The sports franchise is only going to be the bottom line is just proper margin.
And that's it.
And there's another point I wanted to make.
Yes, sir.
Check this out.
You need to do a show about religion.
And just bring up the point now that we all believe in technology.
Now, check the following point.
Yeah.
We all believe in technology.
Now, technology says that there is very well between four to eight billion years old.
And if that's the case, then that like blows the hell, all the theories about religion and all these institutions that have been created,
which do nothing more but what the Murray Bois and I think in all of them do,
marginalize and property offer, what is lack of information, lack of perception, lack of intelligence, and that kind of things.
And maybe you need to do a show and kind of enlighten these folks.
You know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying.
Hey, nice talking to you.
Hey, God bless you.
Okay, what do you say?
He's not putting the back on the weekend.
Those are the off side now.
Back to the truck.
Who just hit the ice right down the lane.
Right side here's running back to the truck.
Open down.
Heeey!
So soon, Scott.
Marty struck a tie for the back one.
Oh!
Oh, let's go, hon.
Boots.
On a Harley.
Well, there's no one crispy anymore.
I'll put it back.
106 and 560 WMG.
We've got 28 open lines here.
I better start looking at these ratings here.
Huh?
Convince myself that we actually have a lot of people listening.
567, we've got three people today who worked at the Amarland Jazz today.
And all everyone of them said that Wayne sucks the big one.
And the only reason they went is because they hate Wayne.
Okay, how'd your blood pressure come out?
112 over 79.
Better.
And the pulse was 75.
Better.
Not great.
Okay, not bad.
That's all right.
Give me another hour.
I'll get it down even.
No, no, no, no, not the point you said, well, okay.
Try to get it down.
And the pressure too.
Here's the crawl springs.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
How come you never give any accolades for the Murray Brothers for developing these young guys?
You know who this is?
This is that asshole again.
Huh?
What young guys did they develop on this team?
What about Peter Werell?
Peter Crap.
Oh, okay.
And Kavasha?
Hasn't done a damn thing.
He skates him out in circles.
He's not developed.
He's getting worse.
Okay, and Werell, what was the last time that Peter that the old...
Maybe if you would get a P.A. for tonight.
Maybe if you'd got to be such an asshole, okay.
I knew that was that idiot Mitch from the first three words.
Maybe if you'd get a life.
Maybe if you'd get...
Maybe if you'd be the local Andy from Hollywood.
You could find some happiness together.
Because you're both asshole.
You could rub your rectums together.
Are you already are?
Moron.
Absolute total moron.
See, that's all you get in this town hockey conversation.
It's a little Ojon provocateur.
Same old, tired material.
Go make a Shubbae sandwich, okay, for the organization.
Go give the spokesman a Shubbae sandwich.
You jackass.
And then put him on a bus and send him out of town with his brother.
They both suck.
I need some action!
Yes!
Let's see the YOLO!
114 at 5.50 WQAM.
So anyway, here are these Arbor Transwitches.
There's only two turrets of the Winter Rating Book.
For whatever reason they owe a while, I always do a best in the Winter Book.
You want to know why that is?
I'll tell you why that is.
I'm glad you asked.
Because in the Winter Book, January, February and March,
that's when the whole audience is down here.
See, the season in this town has been reduced from about the...
December, to March, April, maybe, Easter,
Pace, which came early this year.
Once that's it, they're all gone.
See, we have a lot of...
I know this may come as a shot because you hear a lot of the retards on the phone,
but they're not the listening audience.
They're just the Gilbert wannabes, you know?
The Gilbert juniors.
But the listening audience out there,
like living and reading people who have a life,
and they're here like a few months of the year,
they're smart, and the rest of the year, they're not here.
A lot of them.
Big part of our audience is like,
here for a little bit, January, February and March.
That's when everybody is basically here,
because they're freezing their ass off someplace else.
And don't want to.
So we do good in the fall, real great in the wintertime,
spring, they start life vanishing, summertime,
which has gone to take an unbelievable turn for the worst of the last five,
six years and getting worse every summer,
because anybody with a brain,
and maybe because I keep telling them,
gets the hell out of here.
They take their kids, anybody, they get out of this place,
including me as much as I can.
Summer time is a death knell,
and then we have to wait till like after Labor Day.
In fact, I can remember last Labor Day saying,
hey, when do they come back?
And then about a couple days after Christmas,
two people started coming back.
So here are these ratings for January and February
and the plus last December, which we'll drop off.
And I don't remember how we didn't December.
That was good, better and different,
because here, the, you know,
Pussy Galora program, Giraffe,
he don't get nothing.
I get the one from me.
Every other station I've worked at the last 20 years,
I get my own copy of the rating book.
I get them monthly.
I mean, I'm really kept up today,
because I'm the only one that building it understand it in this place.
And there could be dangerous if I saw that stuff.
12 plus the entire audience.
What's the number one station in this latest survey?
W-ED-R-F-M-H-F-R-T-R station.
They're wrapping it, baby.
There's nothing like sitting at a stoplight and some punk.
And if they're making white kids two,
same difference.
They're listening to that garbage.
You listen to that crap?
The show is listening to garbage.
The crap.
No one of your blood pressure is high.
It's the base.
It is.
It's the ass of bass.
Not so much lately.
Anyway, E-D-R is number one.
Radio Mambe, W-A-Q-Y number two, 12 plug.
How do you like that?
Oh, it's the assimilation process.
I'll tell you the assimilation process.
Look on page 4E in the Sun Central this morning.
Univision big among 18 to 34 set.
Oh, yeah.
Hispanic viewers, baby.
18 to 34 year olds.
They're flocking to those tele novellas again.
Because they want to see some beer.
And beer.
That's it.
They're horny.
So anyway, you got a Schwarzenegger number one.
A Julio station number two.
How do I even compete in this market on a Bumfork AM station with no publicity,
with a general manager running around with his finger and his,
where his ball spot supposed to be?
Life is number three.
That's slush in the elevator, elevator music.
Power 96.
So anyway, let's get to the day part.
Let's cut the crap.
We don't have time for all these stupid numbers.
6 to 10 AM 12 plus radio amor.
See no spigotting lace.
Number one in EDR number two followed by WQ out radio.
Mambi.
So you got three ethnic stations number one, two and three in the morning.
This is the total audience followed by Howard on big with a 5.2.
And hot, another ethnic CMQ FM, another ethnic.
And then kiss.
Look at that kiss with that four point.
I've always said this for years.
Four point out.
So the first set of the audience, give or take a little bit,
is always a bunch of shopkickers that listen to that crap on kiss.
That is a gold mine.
They're raking in the dough.
And of course you probably wonder if they're making all that money with power.
All that money with power 96.
All that money with kiss.
How come they don't pay their bills?
How come there people like Joe working for two bucks an hour?
Good question.
Maybe that's why Mr. Big Shot and there's walking around in those $500 suits all the time.
And those $2,000 suits.
Okay, let's get to the good stuff.
Let's take a look at the mornings.
Okay, wait till you hear this.
This is going to, I don't want to start peeing on the parade of those morning guys.
Okay, because they think that they're hot shots.
Oh, they had that funny show on April Fool's Day.
That same old trite cornball stuff.
Everybody I spoke to with hockeying last night.
By the way, they volunteered.
I didn't ask.
They said that was really crap.
They said we hate those guys now for pulling that crap in and we're stupid.
And it wasn't funny.
And it's old and tried and cliched.
Not something to respect from D-fo, huh?
Old and trite and cliched.
Wait till you hear who beats them by a fraction 12 plus in the morning with a 3.0.
I'll give you a clue.
W-I-O-D-E-O-I hate that station.
All news with a 3.0 and they got from a 3.1 and the last train out of a 2.9.
I wonder why that is.
And then Rick and Spud from a 1.3 to a 1.6.
They've been there two thirds of that train.
What exactly what I told you is happening.
Exactly what I told you Pete Folger.
You assassin, you jackass, you imbecile, you murderer.
Just what I told you.
Rick and Spud lifting the morning up a little bit.
But not enough to really be a factor.
But the afternoon's where they actually were doing okay before.
Where they actually had maybe an audience wait till you hear those numbers from that bitch.
Oh yeah.
If you got a number 12 point, what 12 plus?
Where is it?
Can't even find it.
From a 2.5 then down to a 2.1 and this train a 1.6.
How do you like that, Brooke?
Is that incredible or what?
Drop it precipitously.
Just like what I told you was going to happen over there.
You jackass Pete.
It's through up a wet dream this time.
Now what do we got midday 12 plus?
Number one is W-I-F.
The slush station with a 6.2.
Number two 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. is WQA in this show with a 5.3.
Number two in the market again.
Up from a 5.2 in the last train.
Up from a 4.8 in the fall book to a 5.3.
As we continue going up and up and up and how I haven't got any idea in this guy damn place.
So that means between 10 and 2 we're doing about a 6 share 12 plus.
Ladies and gentlemen, I want to tell you right now this even shocks an old fag like me okay?
That damn god.
Do it in this place.
And I'll guarantee it shocks the hell out of them.
Shocks the crap out of them.
They can't believe it.
And I guarantee it also hurts their ego.
I'm talking about the powers that be in here which is only one of them and his little cluster fork of friends.
Oh my god that fag is getting those numbers and the rest of the day we're sucking wind.
That's right you're sucking it.
And the wind too.
Now you have to know one thing that said the Humper he is as consistent as the weather in the North Pole.
Look at this.
The fall book person 12 plus 2.6.
November December January the next trend 2.6.
Now that's the whole audience.
That's not our demo.
I just mentioned passing.
The Humper is a rock a big fat rock.
Consistency on those that was a lot of numbers.
All right let's get to the stuff that counts person 25 to 54.
Here's EDR and how one how one of five one and two these charges are going to whole market here in 25 54.
They don't even interview any white people 25 54 followed by life.
I don't know how to do that.
I'm audio on more.
The closest you get to an A.A.
The coast.
Nice going Bob and Sheryl.
You'll fill it with another bucket of crap.
I have a coast.
Well all that glory I step on and Michael Bolton crack that swill that they pump out.
Nice going tip.
You jackass.
4.9.
Maybe they're actually playing some good music on there.
I haven't listened to that thing in ages.
Thank god.
Look at this.
25 54.
Okay let's get to the mornings.
Okay.
Not right to the hero's number one is again which they always are lately.
Radio Amor.
No speaking English.
Slush spick music and a huchi kuchi crap with an 8.1 share.
See once you take the ethnic side here like I've told you before.
What is that lead for the rest of us?
Chicken bones.
That's what it leaves.
Chicken the phones.
Number two in the morning 25 54 is Howard on dig with a 7.1.
Same as last train but down from an 8.3 in the fall book.
Then hot 105.
EDR.
More sparse music.
Zeta 4 with a 4.5.
How about the mornings?
How about the worst team?
They're doing okay.
They are 3.1 to a 3.1.
Like I said consistency.
Not a great number.
Not on the first page.
Not on the second page.
But at the top of the third page.
Now how about Rick and Spud?
From a 0.7 in the fall to a 1.1 and they had only one month of that.
Now they had two thirds of this from 1.7.
Like I said up to a much better number but still not the significant.
Okay midday 25 54 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Number one life the slush station, the anti-Christ station that they play an elevator in doctors offices and dentist offices.
7.6.
Number two that God damn coast.
How do you like that?
Well the 6.5.
They must have some wired diaries on this deal.
Number three Q.A.M.
From a 5.8 in the last trend from a 5.4 in the fall book to a 6.2.
So between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. here with all due respect to the Humper.
We're doing about a 7 share in 25 54 person.
We're doing about a 12 or 13 share in men.
God damn it.
And they're giving me a song and a dancing at that morning crowd.
They're trying to suck.
Sip it off from this audience.
You're not living up to the end of the bargain guys.
You're costing all the rest of us money with that squeaky voice, pips squeaky on there.
You're costing us money.
Bonus money because you're not holding up to your right of the stick.
With that sad old corn ball routine yours.
With that ass sucking business you got going on.
Now what do we got here in the oh wait till you're these.
Now what did Hank do in the at person 25 54?
Where the hell is he?
Third page.
Look at that.
He actually went up a little bit.
Two six to a two eight to a three point.
There you go.
And look at the for example look at the length of listenership that Hank has.
Three weeks three hours and 15 minutes in the fall book in the last trend and the mistreat to the minute.
Two of the minutes three hours and 15 minutes.
That's it.
I mean once you get to that after that that was there out of that.
You know what I'm saying?
Now he's he actually went up a little ice go on Humper.
Oh, should be to crap out of that morning show by a tent of a point.
And then Brook Daniels.
Rick and Seth had a three point four in a fall book.
This is persons 25 54 our target demographic.
Then she comes on here for a month.
It goes out of a two point six.
Now she's been on there for two of the three months.
It goes from a three four to a two six to a one point nine.
Nice go, bitch.
You belong on a year like my miniature picture belongs to an open heart.
So do me a mountain hospital at three thirty this afternoon.
And by the way, you're scheduled for.
How do you like that?
Piece of crap.
Oh, she's a great talent.
She's a broad.
She's a piece of turd.
God, she belongs on a year like for about a half a second to say goodbye.
Randy Rhodes want to be many 18 plus.
Here we go.
Here we go with our big demo number one.
EDR we can't beat that farther station.
Man, they reproduce it like rabbits.
They got a 5.9 Q.A.M. number two.
This is overall.
Okay, the entire station from a five five though in the last train to a five point three.
But now we're losing the dolphins.
Okay, we're not too much.
Not bad.
Now what about the mornings?
Okay, these guys better be going up in men because that's, I mean, if the men are listening,
certainly nobody else is listening to that crap in the morning.
4.5 in the fall.
4.9 in the last train.
And at uh oh.
4.4 in this train for the morning.
See, they're not holding up their end.
They're not holding up their freaking end.
And then 18 plus.
I'll go over the studs from a one four to a one eight to a 2.1 in this last train.
They're sliding up a little bit.
Okay, nice going guys.
Hang on out of a job there.
Oh, seriously, I mean, try to screw those guys off, God damn it.
And you know, and now they got the only number on that station.
Here's many 18 plus in the mid day.
Number one is 7.9 in the fall book.
8.9 in the next train.
And in this train, December, January and February, a 9.1.
Which means between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.
We're doing about a 10 share in men.
How do you like that?
Breakfast them.
Exactly. We killed them.
And then in the afternoon, Hank, the Humper.
4.9 to 4.7 and just trying to 4.5.
Pretty uh right along, you know, even.
Even Steven.
So he started to pick it up a little bit now.
They got off those horrible press conferences.
I was thinking this morning coming to work.
You realize 162 games in a baseball season.
That means that every team has 162 press conferences after the games.
Are you following that?
How ridiculous that is.
So they can give some sound bites to a fox and the espn and the douce and all this other crap.
Trying to magnify something totally insignificant in terms of the whole human race into something like it's important.
It'll be like having a ball move in the morning and then having a press conference to talk about it.
Huh? You follow my logic?
So, man, what's up with you, Gotham and Spokko?
You should have done a nice piece of sausage there for me.
Yeah, what are you going to do with it?
I'm going to make you a squeal, like a pit.
You're just going to go talk.
Because I need to clean.
You can do that, you stinker.
Oh, you're never going to get a hole.
You're never going to find it.
You should have a pretty mouth, huh?
That's what they call me for.
Oh, you rabbit hole.
Oh, you're all over there.
It's so, but that was a quick hint.
132 at 560. Of course, when you got that corkscrew, 567.0560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
I hand cold first show from Shula State to at 2 o'clock.
God, we got the numbers.
Came out there great.
Oh, I'm feeling great.
Those blood pressure can live another week.
Oh, no, that's not bad.
112 over 79.
But you're right.
You see, you're here's an opportunity.
See with me, I only wish for many reasons I had all those years to live over again.
You can't do it.
Can't turn the clock back.
But now here's the message to you to get a little more active.
Okay, to get off your ass, which may become fat if you don't.
And to start getting there, you're blood pressure.
Somebody your age should be about maybe 112 over 70.
Not like 80.
I mean, well, you know, they say 120 over 80s of perfect blood pressure.
That's a lot of crap.
What you want to really go for is 100 over 60.
Okay, I'm telling you right now, that's the ideal blood pressure for anybody.
I mean, once you get older, you're never going to get cheap back.
So maybe with pills, 100 over 60.
Call me back when you get 100 over 60.
Okay, and then we'll let you use the cup again.
I'm telling you right now that's something I'm trying to save lives on.
You're okay.
The Neil Rogers shows saving people from themselves, trying to save the people in his fat building.
Seriously, seriously, I'm not exaggerating.
I don't say this because I want to make fun of people.
But I will anyway to try to embarrass them if it's the only way I can do it.
This is the fattest place I've ever worked in my life by so far.
You can't even begin to imagine.
Am I right?
From fat boy and Josh Friedman to that new sales guy that had this morning,
who will never make it till the end of the year if you don't cut the crap to the booster,
to the will the beast?
Who am I leaving out?
Ralph, who works on that cap and show who you've never met is Ethan.
Well, I've seen him.
Yeah, he's a monster.
And then what's the engineer of the year?
He's a good guy, but that's a chubby one.
Who, a Julio?
Talk about a gigantic Julio.
Wow.
Man.
And me and Hank.
And who else am I?
And me and Hank, we're skinny now compared to these guys.
We're not even the same category.
This is a big, fat, sick, dying place.
And here, I'm taking it up on my own responsibility to try to save some lives of these people.
And then don't forget a depot.
Blow an up like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up in the back door or something.
Man, is he?
I've known this guy for like 20 years here, Jeff.
The first good guy.
You know, you got that the raw butt because he sits on a fence all of that.
He's a good guy.
But man, oh man, is he, all of a sudden he just blown up.
Blown up.
One day he woke up one day.
He was to slim all his life.
He woke up one day.
All of a sudden he's a pig.
Yeah.
I say I'm used to it.
I look in the mirror and I go, oh jeez, you know, I'm used to it for years now.
But how would you feel if you wake up one morning after being like, you know, relatively slim all your life.
And all of a sudden you get up one day, looking in the mirror, oh my, what the hell happened there?
Like a little shift of weight or something, huh?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Pinecrest. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, I've been listening to you since you started with 6, 10 and I don't know, you're still outrageous today.
You really, you really got to me.
Yeah.
How about what?
You're sick now.
You're sick.
It's just, it's my stick.
It's such an asshole way.
But it's so funny that I think everybody loves you.
Yeah, they do.
They do.
They have to.
They have to.
When I came back from the store the other day and heard you play that post on her whatever, I mean, I just can't believe you get away with it.
You get away with it.
And I love it.
What do you get away?
You're an asshole.
We love you.
Yeah, and you're an asshole.
We love you too.
So what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Everybody can be an asshole.
Yeah, baby.
I talk to you.
I mean, I talk to you again.
Okay.
Talk to you again, asshole.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
We only got 24 minutes to go.
We've been doing pretty good here today.
Joe says we're giving you like a C plus today.
Says not in the same league with George in those calls again.
Now let me ask you.
He have all the lines with the whole four hours on Friday.
I want to report on this.
All the whole, because he told me every line was with the whole four hours.
The whole four hours through the breaks.
Right.
Every line.
Every line.
See, there you go.
They want to talk to George.
They do not want to talk to me.
And see one of the reasons, by the way, that these numbers are continuing on this show.
So, to stay so steady and actually even go up, is that when I go on vacations and take a day off or something.
Instead of dropping off of those stupid tapes.
And I'll take all the credit for it.
Thank you.
Because it's your wasn't pussy galore's idea to put George on instead of those awful tapes.
It was my idea.
Nice going there.
Milk.
That's right.
And all you naysayers out there.
Oh, gee.
What do you think of it?
What's Neil thinking?
What do you want to hear?
You little speck.
He's doing just fine.
Okay.
He's a little genius.
Sorry.
You never know it.
You never know it.
But looking at him, he knows a lot of crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
Even through the commercial breaks they hold on for George.
For me, they didn't even call him the first place because they're all a bunch of pussies like our program director that they're too intimidated.
Because I know what I'm talking about.
And then you see, once they find out that George actually knows what he's talking about, then they'll stop calling him too.
But if they feel that you're like, you know, they have the upper lip on you or something like that, then they'll, uh, no problem.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, uh, Neil, okay, listen, I got a couple of names for you and that fat ass thing going today.
Okay, here's our fat ass contest.
Number one.
All right.
Remember Rusty Stobb for the match?
Yeah, he didn't have that big of an ass.
Come on, he was huge.
I hear he was into ass, but we don't want to get in like a ground or a ranch.
Rusty Stobb.
Yeah.
He's a gourmet cook, you know that?
Yeah, he is.
He's got a nice place in Manhattan.
Yeah.
One more.
Remember, I mean, Rusty, piece of German.
Who?
Thoroughly Munson.
Thoroughly Munson, yeah.
We won't see him in there.
He had a, uh, I'd say moderate size ass.
Another catcher, though, see?
Yeah.
Hey, let's run through you, sir.
I heard you come, I said earlier, he's crumbed down.
He's lost a penalty weight.
But he don't think we can do that.
But you don't lose weight in the ass, though.
I mean, no, seriously, in fact his ass is probably more pronounced now than ever before,
because when your ass remains the same size, he loses weight the rest of the body.
Your ass sticks out like, uh, you know, like a flare, you know.
Yeah, like a flare in the night sky.
He's probably the e-biscuiter in the league right now.
He's great.
He then, and nobody ever talks about him, you know?
That's true.
Guys like Juan Gonzales and Pudge Rodriguez, nobody ever talks about them because they played down there,
and, uh, you know, they're, uh, a blow market, huh?
Small markets.
Right.
Hey, uh, I'm clothing.
I'm a diehard on, I'm a fan, and I know this shirt we're not going anywhere,
but I think no worries got the team, uh, hopefully going in the right direction.
You do, you do?
I don't know.
How can you say that?
The few have basically a team blows.
Yeah.
I don't want to burst them both.
First, let me tell you this, they got a dump Trevor Lyndon.
This guy is the biggest overrated one.
He was in Vancouver, overrated.
He's with you guys.
He's overrated.
Get rid of him, man.
He's a piece of crap Trevor Lyndon.
Well, rid of him.
You stick the, uh, Matt's Lindgren, who's, uh, pretty scared.
He's good.
He's a good kid, yeah.
A compliment.
And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and they, and they traded away, uh,
they traded away Robert Reikle, who was the only other guy besides Palfi,
who could score on the team and they traded him away for a fuzzbust through there.
I mean, what the hell kind of a trade was that?
Yeah, I'm with you on that.
See, I think, I think you're wrong.
I think Mike Milbury has got to go.
If you guys had, I mean, you got, I don't have to tell you,
I don't have to tell you, I'm gonna have this problem.
They got that, that, uh, arena out there.
Nobody wants to go there.
It's falling apart.
You don't draw flies in that place.
And, uh, the team, they're like, dismembered.
They're, they're like, doing to the, uh, they're doing to that team,
like what, way into the Marlins.
They're dismantling it.
And of course Felix, a pot van guy, all of a sudden shows up.
He lost it one day.
I mean, you guys got problems.
Well, you're right.
I don't know.
A lot of, a lot of the papers, especially the posts,
I had a couple of write-ups in the set of, uh, Milbury,
it's crack, together around, uh, one more year,
and hopefully the new ownership, uh,
get them out of there.
Get them out of there.
Trust me.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I ate the Rangers, but you see, uh, fire gun.
Okay, and you're falling the crap now.
Okay, whatever you said.
Yeah, I saw the flyer game, and I saw the cheesy go by, uh,
what's his name?
Who was it?
Chris Tamer.
She, I'm asking you, you wouldn't know Chris Tamer,
if he walked in here right now.
I know almost every guy they play in the league,
except for some of the new Russians that I never heard of before.
That's what a hockey fan I am.
That's why they don't call me and take me on,
because they want to talk to somebody that knows nothing about it.
Like I had a morning show.
Uh, don't you think that Pavel, uh, Pavlov Brewery, uh, yeah.
Right.
A town where knowledge about hockey would be a dangerous thing,
but you're safe because believe me, it don't exist.
I mean, anybody that knows the game,
they heard those hockey calls this morning,
the worst team, they stopped.
Oh, man did that.
And now the league of retarded citizens will prove their rendition of greenery.
Don't make fun of them.
They were very hard for this.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
I'm not sure if they were the best.
Okay, thank you.
So, Joseph, can you must not be listening as much as you supposed to want to show, Mr.
Where did we get the Q-way and the Ed Kaplan Jingle?
John Boyerman.
I mean, we got Ed Berliner.
Yeah, Berliner.
And like I said, when they mispronounce your name on the Jingles, that means you're out.
What, Ed Berliner?
He's an asshole.
Oh, is he ever?
And then there's Dave Laman.
Yeah.
And then the Florida Marlin.
Yeah.
And the...
The Miami-D.
Oh, that must have been wishful thinking.
The Florida Gators.
Yeah.
Oh, very young Geater team.
WQAM, Fred Box.
John Boyerman.
On-Forge, radio.
R-50 WQM.
Okay, that's enough of that crap.
Okay, there we go.
146 at 560 Q-Wim.
We're number one, by the way, here in Medehan, anything that counts.
I just thought I'd mention that in passing again.
We're continuing to kick ass.
In spite of all the impediments they put in our way.
See, what good is life?
Unless you have a few obstacles to jump over, huh?
I mean, if they just give you like an easy road.
You know, like God, everything is a challenge.
All these diseases.
You have to weave your way through this mysterious road of life.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, what's going on, big man?
How you doing, sir?
Another fat ass.
El Sid.
Yeah.
What is it with Fernandez and baseball?
All these guys have to have huge asses or what?
If their name ends in easy, generally speaking, they got a big fat ass.
That's right.
I got a Spartan for you.
Yeah.
The walking through the hall of the day at Mount Sinai Hospital.
And I see a huge figure walking towards me slunched over.
It looked like it was about 90 years old when I got up close.
It was Hank.
Yeah.
Hank looks like death, buddy.
No, he has, I just saw Hank the other day.
He looks great.
He has looked as good in years.
Maybe it was Hank Meyer.
He ain't feeling too good.
Hank was just in his head.
He's lost 34 pounds.
He's got a little, I don't know.
Maybe a little too much golf in the sun.
You know, I'm a little worried about that.
Have you seen Hank lately?
No, seriously.
His face is like red.
I don't mean beet red from like, see, Hank's face used to be beet red like from fat.
Like a lot of us are carrying around all their way.
But now it's like, it's a healthy year red, but like, too red.
Like, sun tan red.
Like too much golf out there with my clupeca in those guys.
And I worry about that.
Not good for you.
I'm telling you, the Florida sun, that everybody raves about the great weather, which is fine,
but not too much of that sun.
Please.
Don't let the sun go down on you.
Here's the North Miami Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's the problem with your subject content on your radio show?
Do you have a one?
How's the problem with the subject content on your radio show?
Oh, do you really?
Then how can you listen to it?
I have a question for you.
No, no, no, no.
Let me answer the question since you've got a sock over your phone.
How come you listen to it if you have a problem?
Sir, is that a difficult question?
There seems to be a delay here before the answer starts forthcoming?
Because my radio cannot move.
Your radio can't move.
Well, when your radio starts moving, okay, sir, call us back and let us know.
Maybe we can send the radio doctor over to your house and help move it.
And maybe your files, too, that might help.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60.
Always know it's going to be a great call, but we're going to have a sock over it and the phone, too.
That's always a good predictor.
Here's one in Miami with 82 question marks.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
You're always running your mouth about things that you don't even know what to talk about.
Okay, as such is what, sir.
What about you talking about?
What about, give me a, give me a, for instance, you're talking about all the sport teams that the heat and the mario.
I don't talk about all the heat, sir.
I'm not into that crap.
I'm not, I don't talk about these.
You're very, very stupid.
Yeah, okay.
Who played at the top?
Who's number 10 for the pancreas?
Very, though.
Tell me about the Florida Panthers.
Who wears number 10?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
He ain't playing this week.
Yeah.
Heel, literate.
Good, good point there with 18 question marks.
He was from Sagittown, Michigan, by the way.
Question mark in Mysterion.
And he was also, well, yeah, one of those.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
I got a sports fight after you.
Okay.
Kirby Puckett.
Kirby Puckett, gigantic ass.
Huge ass.
Yeah.
He had the biggest ass in Minnesota is what they tell me.
And thank you.
I guess that was it.
Okay.
Was that it?
Was that it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I feel really bad now that Joe is telling me man.
Every time George fills in, these phones are smoking.
And he said, not only the quantity of calls, but the colors are so much better when George is on the one you're on.
And I thought, well, I'm not going to let you take your blood pressure anymore with my thing after you tell me that.
He says, not only is it quantity, but the quality.
George gets the intellectual colors, the bright people who actually are articulate and have something to say.
And I thought, I thought about that for men.
I thought, well, I don't want to talk to people like that.
Well, seriously, if you wanted to hear people that really are intelligent and articulate.
First of all, what kind of intelligent articulate people take time out of their busy day?
Call a talk show.
I would never call a talk show.
Would you?
No.
We don't want to talk to people like that.
We want to talk to guys like this, both of them, that called them in to go in that brother.
You know what?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've asked some mother to eat.
Yeah.
That's why I want to talk to you.
All right, Vogue rhymes with Shvold.
There you go.
Go get you a brain.
Okay, man.
Go get you a brain.
Then maybe you can put something in it, like some learning.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I got to thinking you were talking about big fat asses.
I thought of Oprah Winfrey.
And then I just heard this urban legend.
Well, he's got an expandable.
She's got one of those fucking accordion asses.
It's big, it's small.
And then there's mini-paral Washington, of course.
Listen, real quick.
Did you hear this thing about Tommy Hilfiger apparently?
Oh, yes, Tommy.
I'm glad.
So thank you, sir.
Somebody, John, would tell me about this yesterday.
What is that?
I didn't hear a thing about that.
Evidently she had Oprah, that bitch had Tommy Hilfiger on, you know.
And he said he wouldn't make clothes so nicely if he knew that blacks and Puerto Ricans and Jews were buying it.
Well, you're got a little bit from what I hear.
She asked him, were you aware that these, he said, I guess what happened?
He said that when he created this line of clothing, he never realized that all these other people were going to be wearing.
And she said, well, you know, we keep hearing it put in that term that, you know, you never expected minorities blacks and all these other Ricans and so on.
We weren't your clothing.
And would you have made it the way you did if you knew they would be wearing it?
And he said, no, and she kicked them off the show.
Well, in other words, she asked him to give an honest answer.
He was honest about it.
He could have lied.
He could have given a political answer.
He could have given her a bunch of bull crap.
He said, no, I don't want a bunch of geeks wearing my stuff or whatever it's like.
Oh, he made a more of an ethnic overtone, not geeks.
I'm a geek.
I can wear his clothing.
I guess I'm a Jew.
I can't.
You don't want to watch parches wearing it?
Well, he doesn't want to watch you.
He's a shriveless wearing it.
You don't want to watch you wearing it?
Exactly.
He mentioned you too.
And that Tommy Hempiger is a Fag brand.
Everybody knows that.
And of course, there's a lot of Fag Jews, I know.
I know one right now.
Dr. Rissamy.
That's right.
Johnny Bauer.
He was a Fag too.
No, he wasn't a Fag.
He was a great guy.
He was my favorite player, Johnny Bauer.
He was 37 years old when he first went to Toronto and played 11 years.
Still, let me tell you something about that.
They'll never know how old Johnny Bauer was because he played with the old Cleveland
Barons in the AHL.
Right.
And they said when they brought him up in 1958, they said that even then he was lying about his age,
he might have been 40 or more when they brought him up.
He was ancient Johnny Bauer.
He was great.
I bet he was.
I'm sorry you missed this thing on classic sports they did it yesterday and they said at 37 years old,
they brought him up to the Rangers and they traded in Toronto.
And he said, look, I don't really have much.
And then they said he played 11 years for Toronto.
That's right.
Without a mask.
Of course, Stanley Cups, baby.
Or I can say, these are bees of bees of not.
Okay.
Hey, that bees are eating.
No, Ron Hicks, doll, baby.
They'll be watching that goal again.
I hope that Bobby Clark has a gigantic, when he sees this, they keep showing that replay over and over again.
Here's Chris Tamer, little backhand from center rice.
Oh, it's in the net.
Sorry, Ronnie.
Kind of like wave that.
At a boy, Ronnie, you can hear the gagging choking sounds from the city of brotherly love up there.
You can hear their gagging on it.
I heard Roger Nielsen is gagged on it a few times, but I don't want to put that line.
