8 out. You got the end of ready song for it. This is it.
In turns for sailor. You just gotta blow the president.
Don't tell Oh, Tipper. Go. I'm a human human door. I think
old Stokey's up my chat said that word. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I can't say that word. You know, we were we were assured that that was okay.
I know by I was you. I think I'm okay. Use the word use of the same spelling
with a P in the front. Yeah, I guess the idea is what's not.
I don't know what you're trying to do here. I don't even know where I'm at.
I completely lost my finger.
I'm sorry about that.
Go right ahead.
From the top.
You don't turn for a sailor. You just gotta blow the president.
Don't tell Oh, Tipper. Go. I'm a human human door.
I think old Stokey's up my past. You can ask Mr. Orin hat.
John.
I know every senator from every state. That's right. They never have to master.
I did it for him. In every hand job, the never-eat town and every blow.
When the white night around. I'll try not to make a mess.
I just got to drop on my dress.
I know me.
Queer the load.
I'm going to trip.
Queer the load. One for my drag.
Queer the load.
Oh, right.
Thank you very much. That was great.
Pete and Wayne. The queen of the load.
That is.
That's going to be a big no question about it.
10 or 3 at 5 60 WQM.
That's Bob Wolf who does it show up in Saratoga, New York.
He also did even idea the good stuff that he did.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
That's good too.
That's going Bob. Thank you. WQM.
Hey listen, we don't have time to do the ride.
They only got two and a half hours until a big Marlins game.
1230, the Arizona Diamondbacks against the Marlins who seek today to extend their losing streak to six WQM.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi, let me speak to Neil.
He's speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, any stupid Dickens on fire if you put a last cup behind you like, hey, there's a game in the corner.
Give me a break with those boring guys with a stupid last try.
They were great. It was good stuff.
WQM, hello.
Yeah.
So anyway, getting back to the show.
I thought we had a little flurry on there but we got the, this is asshole week here in Saratoga.
In case you haven't noticed, if you've been driving around you've already noticed that it's, uh, asshole week.
Believe me, just look to your right, look to your left there, assholes all over the place.
Anyway, hi to my friend Marcy's at Walgreens.
This is an amazing story about the power of this show for the doubters and the skeptics out there in Madeo Land.
So yesterday, I have to go to Walgreens to pick up prescription.
And there's a lady there who usually works behind a counter and she's standing behind me on the customer side.
She says, oh, you didn't even recognize me because I'm usually on the other side of the counter.
And Yada Yada Yada, and she's very nice and a fan of the show.
And I said, hi.
She's up in the Oakland Park store now.
And so all of a sudden I hear Nail and I look and there's my little friend Marcy who used to work up at the cash register by the front.
She says, oh, I'm glad to see you.
And I thought, what did I do now?
And Marcy says, the only reason that I'm back here is because of you and she tells me to make a long story short.
Because I was the one that came on here and mentioned that she was one of the few people in the entire Walgreens on the corner in Nabil and sunrise, by the way.
That they had evidently shipped her out some time ago and I wonder what she, worried if she disappeared.
If she had been kidnapped like Madeline O'Hare, what happened to her and all of a sudden that they brought her back because Nail said she was the one and the one she was doing it.
She does. That's for you, Marcy. Good to see you.
And the assistant manager comes running over.
They take care of the prescription department. I said, yeah, I was going to see Marcy again.
He says, oh, yeah, we just brought her back.
How do you like that for the power of deal? Good.
I'm pretty impressed. I'll tell you that.
Tell you what else I'm impressed with.
I hated that idiotic show he did in the afternoon.
Another one of those scary, spingered type shows. The Geraldo show.
But when Geraldo does a serious piece, he can do some pretty good stuff.
And on MSNBC again last night, and how timely it was with all the crap at Miami International Airport and our friends in non-American Airlines, un-American Airlines, the War on Drugs.
Another great piece by Geraldo Rivera.
I want a tremendous waste of time and money it is and what a gigantic flop.
And you know how other countries, countries with the brain, oh, there he goes again.
How they treat the drug thing as a public health problem, not a crime problem.
And they don't lock up millions of people and put them behind bars because they're smoking a little weed or doing a little blow or whatever they're doing.
How do you like that?
We've got this multi-billion dollar industry in America. It's called fighting drugs.
Is it working? No. No.
The War on Crime. Like the guy said yesterday, a crime czar. The drugs are.
The czar and the zarina.
Crazy people.
And of course, you know, it's not so much the drug part that bothers me.
And those people that are taking your 20 and 25 pieces of carry on when you go on American, the reason you can't find room in the overhead for all your 20 or 30 or 40 pieces of carry on is because there has to be room for the hand grenades and the automatic guns.
Yeah.
There has to be room up there for the good stuff.
So we can't let you put your 40 or 50 pieces of carry on in the overhead.
So the fact that I mean, smuggling drugs echoes on here all the time.
That part doesn't surprise me or bother me that much.
But what does bother me a hell of a lot is the unbelievably terrifying lack of security at my international airport.
That's the part that really blows our minds.
Okay, it blows and it blows our minds.
The terrifying lack of security at my.
Now, I don't know about you.
If you fly out of that airport a lot, which I do.
But at many a time, I'll be sitting at the gate and I'll see these guys who are like dressed like civilians, you know, in their regular street clothes and they'll have the tag with the ID around their neck.
And they'll also have their little pass card and they'll go to the gate and they'll swipe their little card and the thing will open and they'll go off down in jet waste somewhere.
And who knows where they're going or what they're doing.
And evidently, this is a standard procedure released it was up until yesterday.
That these employees even on their days when they're not working, they just have access to anywhere and everywhere.
They come and they go and they do whatever they want and they go here and they go there and nobody pays any attention to them.
Because I noticed that when I'm watching these people, nobody is paying any attention to who they are or where they're going or what they're doing or what are they doing in there.
And yet Friday when I was going up to Toronto and I go through the checkpoint there, I go through my the X-ray with a luggage and my bag goes through and the one woman on the other side says, oh, is this your bag?
And I said, yes, it is.
She said, you have an aerosol can in there.
Would you open it for me?
I said, yes, I do.
And I'd open it up and there's there is that dangerous can of right guard heavy duty, baby.
Yeah, the word about right guard.
And I have no problem with that.
I mean, I'd rather see that they're doing a little bit of something as long as they're not rifling through the whole bag and taking all your crap out.
At least they're doing something.
But if you're an employee there, at least up until yesterday, you can come and go and back and forth and go a terrifying story, hand grenades in the overhead.
Now we're talking.
They can value jet, look like a bunch of clowns.
The one of the had clowns on the outside of the airplanes, like a bunch of comedians.
Hand grenades and automatic weapons in the overhead.
And of course, American Airlines, they cooperated with a sting with the Federalist thing.
You know, yeah, it's only a few. It's only a small handful.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQM, we got to Marlins and the Diamond Vax in 1230, so I'm going to talk real fast.
Great job.
Is that thing real?
The open thing.
The rolling deck beneath your feet.
Sweating, muscular men packed in cramped sleeping quarters.
It's the new name.
Letting you reach deep to where you had never been before.
It's just the best in heaven on earth.
The new name, call your recruiter today.
Dance don't grow.
It's more than a job.
It's an adventure.
15 at 560 WQM, we got to Diamond Vax in Marlins.
Then right after the game, we got to Jeannie Johnson show.
And I'm sure that all the sports there are hanging on the edge of their seat.
What do you think of?
What do you think of?
He catches the ball and what about?
And of course, the Tony Martin Trial, the suspense continues, man.
We're still waiting.
They're still hung.
In fact, they're having medical exams right now to make sure which ones are hung.
And they're eight women on the jury, which is kind of interesting too.
Let's see if they're hung.
They're still going on and on.
No verdict yet.
But our people, of course, are over there hovering.
You can be sure that the moment something happens, we'll be splirting it all over the radio dial.
Dozens of American Airlines employees in SkyChef Katera's were arrested yesterday,
charged with smuggling drugs and grenades.
That's my favorite hand grenades.
And guns, they're worried about my right guard.
And guns on the past.
Maybe we can come up with the odorants in little containers, shaped like hand grenades.
That sounds good to me.
Blow your pits out.
Oh, yeah, oh, that looks familiar to me.
Take it right along.
Sure, no problem.
Sorry to bother you.
As part of a federal sting authority, Sabie Veel's dangerous and intolerable security breaches
at Miami International Freaking Airport.
How do you like that, huh?
58 airport employees were indicted, most arrested by federal agents at their homes before dawn Wednesday.
The combination of a two-year undercover investigation that began when a pilot mistakenly
set the cup of coffee, laced with heroin smuggled on board in a coffee filter.
It was only the pilot.
What a place for it.
Yeah.
I bet you got you there in a hurry.
Wherever you be going.
Among those indicted are the son of Puerto Rico's police chief,
30 American Airlines ramp employees,
and American Eagle Security Guard,
13 SkyChef workers,
and three law enforcement officers,
and immigration inspector and agriculture inspector,
and that Broward Sheriff's Deputy,
who worked at the airport part-time.
The case dubbed Operation Ramparat and Operation SkyChef once again raises troubling questions
about chronic security problems at Miami's airport.
After repeated instances of employee theft and smuggling over the past decade,
little has changed.
Oi!
Among the many conclusions of the problems that existed in the MIA,
the airport is so wide open that workers merely flash IDs
and traits unfettered their bags unchecked.
Airfield security gates sometimes go unmanned.
Just these people wandering around.
While they happen to work there, not necessarily on that day,
but they just decided to show up and see what they could smell.
I mean, what they could get on the planes.
These are individuals who aren't even supposed to be working
since US Attorney Tom Scott, they walked to the planes,
they were never challenged, they stopped,
they were never stopped, and that's what they were doing there.
They even used American Airlines' luggage tag to move around the airport.
By the end of this investigation, he says,
the agents and I believe we could put anything on those planes that we wanted.
So that's what they did.
On July 22nd, again, on August 30,
undercover agents hired American ramp employees to smuggle three hand grenades,
and one hand gun on the passenger airline.
The weapons were secretly taken off the planes by agents,
but the deed was done, Scott said.
It cost us seven grand, he said,
that's the price-and-date county to hear a hand grenades or guns onto an airplane.
One of the suspect directed Wednesday is the son of Puerto Rico's
highest-ranking law enforcement official Jose Toledo,
et cetera, and so on, the son of police who pretended Pedro Toledo.
I thought he was from Puerto Rico, not Toledo.
Federal authorities say they have numerous videotapes
showing uniformed employees passing unchecked
security points with backpacks filled with cocaine,
either handing them off to other cargo workers
or placing them on the plane themselves.
The undercover agent said they paid corrupt employees,
$500 per kilo to smuggle the drugs past the passenger security checkpoint,
and then handed them back to the money board of the plane.
The cost was $1,700 for the employee to smuggle the drugs onto the plane directly,
sources said.
There were four or five crews that we couldn't even get close to,
because they only smuggle huge amounts at one law enforcement guy.
We didn't have enough money to pay them.
The price was too high.
As it was, agents paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to the alleged smugglers,
Operation Sky Chef led by US Customs agents focused on the airline caterers
who supply in-flight meals.
See, and you thought, what is this stuff that they use instead of a cream
that powdered milk stuff?
What do they call it?
Creamora or whatever that is?
Yeah, coronation.
Yeah, something like that.
Non-dairy cream.
Yeah, non-dairy coke.
Yeah, that's what that was.
Most of these employees were smuggling the drugs and compartments on the carts
that held passenger meals, and they showed on the TV things how they had them taped
on the bottom and the compartments and around your TV dinner and your bar-sterel bag,
et cetera, and so on.
Let's hear it from my international airport.
You got a can of right garden there, mister.
Let's have a look.
And what about that can of shaving cream and that little thing on the bottom?
They were suspicious in Caracas.
We're not too sure about you here either, because this is also a banana boat.
It's part of the airport.
And like I told you, you'll notice that the operations there, and I don't want to pick on American Airlines much
although I have all we can deserve it or so, because they really suck.
The way things are done in Terminal C and Terminal D, the banana boat part of MIA,
those terminals, very strange and very unlike anything you'll see in the rest of the airport.
That's been my personal experience.
And like I said, I've noticed these people.
I just sat there casually wondering, who are these people?
And where are they going and what are they doing and why are they here?
And why is nobody paying any attention to why all these people just keep going back and forth?
I'm talking going on to Rance, where there's not even a plane there.
There's no plane sitting there at that gate.
And yet here come these people, they kind of look around and they, oh, you know,
pass, they swipe their thing through there, they swipe it.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you don't know how right you are about that airport.
I used to work there behind the scenes with the company.
I don't want to mention any name.
Okay.
It took care of all the doors and the security over there.
Mm-hmm.
And they still do.
And everything is just like a big monopoly over there.
Everybody's getting their little kickbacks and their little paybacks and kind everybody else.
This company that I'm talking about that took care of all the doors and security over there.
They're undoing that for years.
They got a couple of guys that walk around there that don't do nothing all day.
Just looking at the doors that don't work.
Not like this place, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it's a joke.
Believe me.
It's incredible.
I mean, I worked there for almost two years and the stuff I saw there.
I mean, you don't even want to get into talking about the people that watch the gates and stuff like that.
I mean, flights board, international flights, you name it, which is one little lady standing there.
It could be a, it could be a queen and lady for all, like, here.
Mm-hmm.
Employees walking back and forth.
That's just the tip of the iceberg.
They got guys walking around there that don't even know nothing.
Passes to get in every room.
Passes to get out on the runways.
They got the pass, the same pass that takes you out to the runaway from inside the building.
We'll also take you on the runway if you're in a vehicle that has the right markings.
Great.
What a joke.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
I'm glad you got out.
Have a good day.
5-670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Nobody seems to concerned about this.
Like I said, I'm the only guy that flies in this crowd.
You know, all the rest of the people are the banana boat crowd.
They don't listen to this radio show.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
A couple things on the plate today.
I haven't flown in years, but I know when I smothered a right guard, I always use American Airlines.
That's a good idea.
It's, it's, it's right on through.
I used to travel in the, the thing of right guards sniffing dogs.
Exactly.
In the 80s, I used to travel a whole lot and we used to just walk on the plane back then.
There was no security at all.
Right.
You mentioned Walgreens earlier.
I want to give equal time to the Walgreens down on the two, two on the 96 and US one in Homestead.
Okay.
The people there are absolutely wonderful.
Everyone that works there is to run.
What a pleasure it is to shop at Walgreens instead of records.
That'll automatically be on here.
But I do hate records like Poison.
Yes, sir.
What a pleasure it is to shop at Walgreens because generally speaking and just like in this particular case,
they had a very incompetent young lady that was working in the prescription department.
I made a come on in a year.
She vanished.
I think they put her in a locker room somewhere.
You'll never see her again.
And if you make her hate so no, seriously.
And they bring back the good people and they really try to do a job for you as opposed to the other
who I don't want to mention records.
We stand online as the private.
If you're going there to buy a guy that packets chewing gum, it's got to be a half-hour project
if there's one or two people are front of you.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And there's always one register open and 12 people standing around.
Right.
And they count in the other red.
And every transaction is like a major, like the US government needs to come in the IRS and the CIA.
And you're exactly right.
Yeah.
Another thing.
I have a full head of hair and you do a piece for Charles Alphieri.
Right.
And it's a wonderful, wonderful commercial ad bit, whatever you call it, that you do.
And it makes me want to go buy a hair piece.
But I don't need it.
Okay.
Well, when it starts falling, I'll just keep it in the way.
However, yesterday morning I was watching TV.
Put it on your chest like Austin Powers.
I don't need that either.
Come on, Scott.
But thank you.
I'll tell you who you need to call or Charles needs to call Bob Weaver.
Yeah.
Weaver has a muskrat on it.
Does he?
Yes.
It is horrible.
I don't know where he got it.
He must have bought it.
He probably bought it at Eckerts.
Maybe he should call Ron and Son on CNBC because Ron finally flipped off his grotesque-looking hair piece that he had for years.
No, I'm not sure if he even took it off.
He took it off.
No, he took it off.
And now he took it off.
And now he took it off.
And now he's going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
560-50060.
560 and 560 on a mobile one line.
It's going to be a-
Well, thank God we only got two hours to go.
We only got two hours to go.
We only got two hours to go.
You got that bug even Schools.
She shouldn'tК
but she said that.
Xiao done da cure!
She
is a 40% plu fever
iderman
We can't take him anymore.
No one's for boring,
then vice president,
Al Gore.
No,
the size of the station
is he alive?
No.
If you're stuck with him
then one hour seems like five.
The story is the boringest person
that you'll ever view.
The story is the boringest person
goes for tip or two.
Only one's more word
than him for no fiyou.
But he'll come to life
for Asian guys
with lots of those.
Long is your speed, Al.
The story is the boringest
he's down.
The story is the boringest he's down.
The boringest person
that you'll ever view.
The story is the boringest person
that you'll ever view.
The story is the boringest person
The story is the boringest person
that you'll ever view.
The story is the boringest person
that you'll ever view.
The story is the boringest person
that you'll ever view.
The story is the boringest person
The story is the boringest person
that you'll ever play.
He's down.
He gets to go to the veryseen ages
one white beauty.
scientific uh... atheists comby pinkle crap it's a conspiracy
here's a mobile in my any hello
yeah you know you know case or
uh... this uh... this thing about the uh...
american airlines thing has me a sick and uh... this problem we've had with the
uh... airport that uh... the security is uh... terrible has been going on since
and uh... one of three i think the uh... federal government should start
finding these uh...
airlines
thousand dollars every time someone
walks through those doors without getting checked
and you're gonna see how that thing gets fixed
yeah this is uh... this is the
and remember it's a for the for the passengers for those of us who pay through
the most to fly on all of these flights
we have to have you know your picture i'd be and you have to go through the
check point in every every now and then they pick it random you got to open
up your bag and they write all through it and is that right guard what's in
it
so if you're a passenger in your pants through the nose you got to go through a
big song and then but as far as what they're doing to really secure you
against the responsible people
uh... who are doing that only those what in the area forget about it
i mean they make a big deal about not putting your
luggage under the seat in front of you yeah
and here there is people you know
walking with uh... well there's no room for those hang grenades up there
who the hell's got room for luggage
that's right
well uh... just want to put my uh... to send some to this and i hope uh...
american i can find uh... millions of dollars
time to go to the next one well deserved thank you
well deserved to and of course now we understand what is so late on all
the slights it takes a long time to pack all those hand grenades and all the
drugs and get all the stuff in the uh... you know food cards
get it in the right spot make sure it's secure
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line it's a
hopeless cause this time and it's lost
it's just lost
just once between now twelve thirty i'd like to hear from somebody who's
ever lived in another country or aspires to live there or no somebody who lives
like in western europe summer in a real country
as opposed to the invasiles i heard from yesterday
as if as if what they think we need to change my life or change how dare you
what is your skill out of here now get out here
well i'll get out of here when i'm good ready okay that's when i'll get to
whatever i want to go wherever i want okay
that was great that was one of the all time he was getting so exercise in
so psychotic that i don't want to live here the rest of my life in this is the
greatest country in the world like he thinks it is if he loves it great more
power to him
but this is the this is human nature especially ever uneducated country if you
don't have to agree with me those screw you knew screw you i'll pass
check with working martin he might be more amenable
here's a mobile and four-letter day hello
hello yes sir
yeah i lived in spain for about uh... Madrid spain for about two years when i was
in the service hated Madrid yeah and uh... everybody absolutely loved it
i myself thought it was fantastic the people were great uh... uh... as a matter
of fact we'd be out partying at night
and there'd be a guy just
slumped on the sidewalk sleeping you know just passed out from drinking
and everybody would just walk by nobody would even bother
that sounds like that i'm not in the minute
but there's no crime there's uh... you go in uh... you know they got those
guards like you said with the louisee right where in the major squares right but
there's no crime it's very peaceful
uh... so even i was i thought it was awesome great well god bless you pal
thanks for thanks thank you see we got one immediately if not sooner oh no
you're wrong you'll screw you get out of here screw you
i think i think that kid was uh... get ready to blow his brains out he was so
agitated psychotic because i he just couldn't bring the over to his point of
you
you don't like it you know
well i think i can please but please bring the fact
i mean just to take a chill already will you just relax condom it's not the
end of the world okay and maybe this is a vacation i just won't come back
i've got some sounds good to make out
to the show on the i-s-d-n-elever to the difference
here's davi hello
yes sir
of the universal saturday with pae nellis
didn't pay no mind
i'm sure he didn't know about me being there either
and uh... everything a bigger project the asshole with the eyes yeah
was got nothing to say we'll call yesterday with the same story nobody cares
okay nobody cares that in fact that they would have cared if they knew you
were up there they would have kicked your ass out
retard
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a
mobile in four-letter deal hello
a nil i had a couple things actually the first thing anybody that says
europe is dirty has got to be the their moron because
i've been there and it's not
dirty it to me it's like it's a piece it's vintage
it's uh... i would have been a and it was a such a beautiful beautiful city
like i felt like i was walking through a busy world so the more
they don't understand the difference between duty and old of course the cities
are old most of them
uh... because there's thousands of years old couple thousand years so naturally
things are going to be old and they get the impression of being dirty because
they're not guilty in brand new and modern in the neon sign all up like over
here
it was definitely the most beautiful thing i i i i've seen i would definitely go
back in a heartbeat to uh... venez and any day
uh... and the second part is about this the echo thing i mean i had an
experience down in north land beach where i had had a whole surgery i had to go
get a prescription filled of tylenol three not exactly the hardest thing to
fill
and this lady looked at me like she was
you voted like never been to uh... prescription school like what's that yeah
and said it would be an hour and a half to fill my prescription
i just a surgery
they wouldn't let you call it in i don't know if uh...
you'll all green's anybody else let you call in your prescriptions
but uh... the way now and half went down to all green's
left and filled in five minutes of an
records their morons there you go i was my case
thank you thank you sir
there you go we love all greens we can't stand records that's just a way it is
not nothing personal jack eckered doesn't know anymore we couldn't stand
him either but he's out of the picture we still hit them
kind of like slot buster which by the way the good news is
sound uh... what is it called
sound warehouses that they've been in the company place no not sounded by
uh...
i think i'm getting a wrong sound warehouse is brought out the blockbuster
of right music stores
at least one out there by me by the assault
yeah
and maybe all the not the blockbuster video stores but the music stores
which is great news for all of us okay
not that we have anything against blockbuster the party wants to have something
to do with it so we're not to have and we're not really sure he's out anyway
because one thing about him whenever he gets into something just like that
marlin thing that everybody suspicious that he and john Henry are still like
joined at the hip
whenever he's into something he never gets completely out
must be crazy i must be not
you're not fooling anybody
twenty before eleven at five sixty wqa m
daddy when he didn't give George his bonus
in theaters now from the director of star track and the producer of the spy who
shagged me it's the spy who shags
spot to make you holding
sir would you mind explaining that's a bit please
to all make you holding baby yeah
presently but quite impossible
oh groovy baby
and as for my anatomy being different from yours
i am delighted
well they're astronomical belief very long and judging from what you've seen so far
i agree
oh be hey
the spy who shags spot
it was shagged now or shall we shagged later
i wonder what star
will say about that long and prospered
yeah baby
ten forty four at the five sixty wqa m don't forget marlin's in the diet
back twelve thirty so get your finger in the turning the knob off position
here's a mobile and bouquet hello
yes sir
or any okay
uh... yes that i happen to be listening to you show and
about uh...
law enforcement government agencies and use the word
the pockers you which i totally agree in
one thing that really gets me particularly perturbed and sick with respect to
this country government is how all these elected officials whether the congressman
with a special
committees investigating the president or it's the local d.a.
dynamy army
these people are interested in serving the country ninety nine percent of these
people
interested in serving their own resumes you know
going after what
they is an easy building on the lamppard
and jenny brown right not going after what's really important this country
like that stop you know let's go with the people bringing the drugs into this
country or the people killing people on a daily basis in my army
and uh... you know the going after me
a tony martin for example to prime case
i mean for them to be wasting the time in the football player you know
you know i don't forget about whether it's a football player not i mean it's uh...
and the idea that there's all this attention being paid to it if you want to
football player in this particular case
i probably nobody would even pay any attention maybe there would have been no
charges in the first place
right and you know you go to europe and uh... i've been there a few times but
it strikes me as you know there are far more less and i'm talking about you
know the major countries their friends and limit
Italy and Spain there are far less more serious crimes there granted is a lot
of petty stuff that goes on their drugs i guess where a lot of it's legal over
there maybe prostitution and have a lot of that
a person is not illegal in western europe that's right
you walk in europe and you don't have people like every day to somebody get shot
in Detroit in Washington D.C. the n18th capital
hey but you've got to understand the american people i've been telling you this
for years they are brainwashed in believing that this is like normal life this is
the way things are supposed to be you have to just accept it and it doesn't go
on any other places it's a reality it almost never happens
yes i have a great thing
but hey you know oh no we're the best baby
yeah we're going to more like crazy and we got kids blowing each other way in
school but uh you know this is what this kid that called yesterday his idea of a great
country a lot of very glitzy modern strip shopping centers a lot of very big
fancy shopping malls and a lot of guns a lot of violence a lot of hatred
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line like i said
lead story on every major newscast hours and hours been on it the last 24
hours nobody cares about what's going on in my
international probably because all our people fly out of four-larter day like
us must be nobody seems to give a crap
here's a mobile in four-larter day hello hey Neil how are you okay sir
bad you listen i'm a long time listener first time
quality and i tell you your attitude is just fantastic you'd be surprised
in the street how many people really think like you do
yeah i get i get i get i don't know where are they
they're bad they're listening to you because if you look at this i mean really
what's out there in radio it's out far there isn't much
i go to the internet now at the US show i'm on the internet you know
for a couple hours i can't even look at television anymore it's so boring
yeah you know just nobody has any opinions out there you know it's it's crazy it's all
it's all tapioca putting that's why i so glad msndcv ran that her alopeast last
night on the stupid war on drugs and what a failure it is and all the millions of
people that are behind bars mostly minorities by the way it's it's a disgrace
and nobody gives a crap you know it's like this pony martin thing okay i
coastline alone for a friend of mine who had bad credit he blew it out he was at
the developer yeah i said listen i can't get a car i got the cash but i you know
you know i don't have credit he paid me the two years up front for the least i
signed for yeah i mean you know i didn't ask him where the money came from i mean
you know really with you know the guy paid me you know i know the guy forever you
know regardless of you know this guy might be a dope dealer and you know he's a dope
who know who really knows the truth anymore right exactly they they they feed you all this
over and then when you see somebody acquitted you say he's a how did he get off because you're
only listening to this side of the story from the newscast and this is interesting too because
back in the this is in a city back in nineteen eighty where the mayor who was then marise for
ray that jackass he said well you know we don't have to worry about this recession that's uh
the rest of the countries in now back in eighty one i guess it was after the Reagan recession started
we don't have to worry about this because whether it's good or not we got all this drug money
coming into this market we're never never money i'll never dry up here that's what built the city
anyway before that it was alcohol owns money and all those wise guys that came down here yeah you
know they just uh then the Cuban Exodus you know that's what that's what built it last night i was
on the you know there's a web page is uh it's on swap page dot com it's got a chat room with
your name on there and they got only how it's third people you know i can't even look at his show
anymore yeah i mean he's disgusting the guy has no opinion about anything oh this is
the look looking at chat rooms on the internet is like uh you know like a death wish forget it
you find every every misscreen every miss fit in the world is on chat rooms on the internet
these chat rooms are pretty good uh you know because they you know they have they have design
topics and it's when people have an opinion and things to say your name comes up constantly
over that yeah and it's a it's a shame that a lot of people you know in the big cities up north
they'll really know who you are i wish you can i wish you could do the i s d l i have two bad
five six seven oh five sixty got the eight million open lines here this morning two calls on a board
and then this is just amazing you people it's astonishing nothing moves the people in his town
nothing you could take a goddamn cannon and shoot it off out there and of course we got to remember
they're all glad they're by their plywood and they're out of bottle water and batteries
even the little brine noracross is wow i he's trying to bring them all back over here all three
storms but uh it doesn't look too promising for that to happen five six seven oh five sixty pound
maybe we could put an old marlin game on right now and i get out here a little bit early okay get
early start on my vacation sounds good to me i mean i hate to be wasting these people's time
rest of the country thinks it was pretty good then uh uh shocking and astonishing what's going
on over here at our major airport no security people putting the hand grenades of people getting
paid off to put all kind every a heroine cocaine you name it on a plane nobody cares hey we
don't get and you know something that's why you've got all these crooked politicians that's why you've
got the horse ball services that you got here because nobody cares don't blame anybody else don't
blame the cubans don't blame the Jews don't blame the goyem don't blame it just look in the mirror
and blame yourself nobody cares that's why you got kids going to school in portable classrooms
because nobody gives a flying crack man are you people tragic and you wonder why i want to get
there a lot of this joint i'll take the money thank you and for a while they're on your show for a
few weeks we were actually i know it comes in the shock have it a pretty good time there for a
couple of months yeah a little bit of response i mean compared to other summers in the last few years
was it was getting out coming along and now all of a sudden it's like oh well whatever you want to
say fangit you know that's it that's the response no matter what it is as if that's a bulletin
okay fangit yeah that's me here's Miami hello hello yes sir yeah i'm calling about the american
airlines thanks if you look at the list of the names 90 percent of these people are Hispanic that
is correct i had a list right in front of me i would say that they couldn't get into Canada they
couldn't get into any other country only here because the republic's are what we get is on your
home sorry okay you know and you know it's your your republican party's down there signing a
month as soon as they hit the beach for votes and taxes and that's all these guys care about yeah
and you know they're not representing the rest of us that's all i got okay thank you
yeah we got all the rest on top and as ambrana on the bottom and vales and uh
rariga is there a gonzalez and uh it's kieiro and marate and martina's and montalvo and munoz and
peña binga oh i'm sorry kizada it's about a kassada on cina run i just like that name it's about
the kassada oh i love the way she used to say that you i used to get chills when she was
he's about the kassada here's a mobile and candle hello yes good morning you yes sir um i
agree the uh about the american airline situation at uh mia pretty scary to see those people walking
around in the lack of security yeah however last night on the news when the dea agent got on
you know got on television to talk about it right what was really scary was that they said that
it was a two-year undercover sting operation right and that the only reason it came down now was
because they ran out of money uh what what about this ongoing criminal activity so in other words
are we led to believe that uh no arrest would have happened if money if the government money would
have kept going in yeah that crossed my mind too what the hell were they waiting for i mean how many
how much evidence did they have to have against some of these people would seem to me that the first
i guess they figured that as soon as they made the first busts that uh that would you know the
activity would cease they'd find some other way of doing it outside the airport but i mean how long
did they let this go on before they start nabbing some of these people right exactly or do they
just want to continue like a cushy assignment just walking off you know what i'm saying oh well
that's that's what the dea is all about anyway i mean that's that's you know it's it's a self
of fulfilling prophecy and a self uh you know continuing organization i mean if the drug problem
ever were solved as if we're gonna do it which we won't but if it were they all be out of business
right exactly so that's that's all i got i just made that observation okay thanks a lot
that's uh you know it's a very sad thing this whole dea and that's what heralda pointed out last night
other countries deal with drugs is a health care situation this country deals with it from a criminal
justice standpoint put everybody in jail that's how we're gonna solve it is putting people in jail
going to make them want to stop doing drugs no does it make uh you know it's it's like prohibition
anything else that's why like i said canada netherlands civilized country australia they know how to
deal with drugs and with people who do drugs not here oh no you you're full of crab kneel you're full
of crab screw you okay hope you have a good time five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on a mobile one line
no more will he rise no there's no more doctor
on the enterprise
always
you're anymore
he would stop
you go first
They can't save him like they can't find.
No.
The boy's gone underground where no man has gone before.
And phones.
We're gonna miss him.
Especially when he said,
we're gonna miss you.
11 o'clock here in the land of the dead in the home of the grave.
How's that go?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
George has got a great bank story.
I'm sure that he'll be telling you the next few days.
You can tell a story or not.
All right.
Depends on how those letters go out.
Yeah.
Now they're a mistake.
Oh my God.
Don't tell me another bank with another mistake.
That embarrassed the hell of you and puts you in the crapper.
Maybe look like a deadbeat.
Yeah.
How unusual.
Here's higher.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You hit it on the head, man, with the Miami International.
I'm calling about that.
And what the gentleman said on the air, not too long ago on the phone,
is that the 95% of the people who got busted were Latin.
That's a message if I don't, if you know what I say,
that's definitely a message to go out there, man.
I don't understand why we can't tighten up the immigration policy in this country.
What's going on?
What's going on?
It's called chaos, is the word you're looking for, I think.
We don't have an immigration policy.
Exactly.
And this guy that called me yesterday,
gave me a song and a dance about, oh, well,
there's all these people lined up knocking on the door trying to get into this country.
Yeah, they're all trying to get here on banana boats.
Those are the kind of people trying to get in here.
Our shleppers, people coming from rampant poverty.
They're not coming here from political reasons.
They're coming here because they're starving to death.
Well, those in the government know this?
Of course the government knows this, but the government is in net.
The government's too busy putting people growing marijuana plants in their backyard in jail.
We don't have the resources to take care of this.
I mean, I don't think they can convince us to how our cities,
especially the cities in southern Florida are being wrangled.
They've written off South Florida long time ago.
The federal and back during the Reagan years,
they told me that right on the year of people from the state department,
they've written this off.
This is just a landing place for illegal aliens,
and they've written it off a long time ago.
What do you mean, written it off?
Just what I said.
Those are their words.
Those are people from the Reagan State Department back in early 80s.
How can they write off a portion of the United States?
Really easy, pal. Read my list.
Just look around you and see what's happened,
and then ask yourself, is it possible it could be any other thing?
I'm going to pull her up.
Okay, see you there.
I'll leave it there, Chief.
We're going to Sicily, baby.
I'm going to offer the camp refuse straight in their ass out.
We're going to go see the black hand,
or just go to over town and see it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0, just bring in...
Roy!
And see it.
And the hand, too.
5, 6, 7.
Hey Roy, give us a hand here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8.
One hand is occupied with that black instrument.
Where did that thing go, by the way?
Oh, thank God.
I get nervous when I've vanished.
Because I'm afraid he did a little bit again.
He did a little.
Here's the Hollywood, hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I don't know if you called last night HBO,
which had the Lenny Brew story.
No, I did not.
I broke it down real nice.
It was a 90 minute piece.
And I can relate to it.
Each seems to have a great influence, I think, in your life,
because you were so much in common with him.
And here's a true role model.
He doesn't have any influence in my life.
You don't have any influence in your...
No.
No, because like you say about saying the N word,
and the sense of tie, then...
No, it's just a lot of similarities.
I mean, it's only by coincidence.
But he was, of course, way ahead of his time.
Absolutely.
35 years ahead of his time.
Exactly.
It shows you what the government...
what they will do to carry out their agenda,
what they're interested in,
along with the Catholic Church, the Pope,
and just a great story.
And I mean, I know it's going back,
but it really tells you what the government's agenda is
into the bedrooms.
And it's still pervasive today.
And the violence, which separates us, I guess, from Europe.
I mean, we have, I guess, a lot of the same petty crimes,
but ours is a violence society,
and that just seems to go by the wayside.
And it's a sad commentary on taking a guy's speech
and so on, and what's similar.
Yeah, we've got the word police.
Right.
You know, they can be putting all kinds of automatic weapons out there
and they're like, oh, one good thing.
One little piece of good thing.
I don't know if you saw the CBS News last night.
But now that they did that expose a two nights ago
about all these police departments all over the country,
selling their worn-out weapons to gun dealers
and training their weapons,
now they're taking a look at that.
And some of the police departments are going to change their policy.
And what they're going to do is they're just going to destroy them
and give it them.
Instead of putting more weapons back into circulation.
Well, they had interviewed the assistant district attorney in New York
and of course, the New York was the end for him.
And the guy's present day, well, see,
we really didn't want to get anybody in trouble.
You know, if we could have avoided it,
I mean, it's so condescending.
And it's just, it's not going to change.
It could be George Bush and George anybody.
It's just not going to happen no matter who's in there.
No, because it's a police state.
I mean, the institutions are already in place.
There's no one individual is going to change that.
The Kennedy's found that out.
Right. And just, you know, everybody go along
and collect that paycheck up in the government there week after week.
And they're not out to fix anything realistically.
And it really, the whole system needs to be stripped down
from bottom to top, top to bottom, both ways.
But it's a bad system. I'm sorry.
And then you people are right.
And that's a business country.
It's so far behind the times we should be embarrassed.
The education, just the priorities.
It sucks.
It's just the educate. Forget about health care.
Forget about all the other things that are wrong here.
Just take a look at the education system at lags
so far behind the rest of the so-called westernized or civilized world.
And it's an embarrassment.
Ben Cohen was on the Washington press club from Ben and Jerry's.
You're your favorite.
Yeah.
To demonstrate what Oreo cookies, the defense funding,
spending a budget, $280 billion.
And going out and getting F-22s, when our F-15s are still the most,
and education is $10 billion in health care for kids.
The 11 million kids without it is $10 billion.
The priorities.
And no one's doing anything.
Show us, like he says, a G-d.
We'll find some money to build a stadium, though.
Yeah, right.
For a billion years.
Here we go.
Sports, let's win.
Roll, roll, hey.
Have a good one.
Get your pom-poms out.
Yeah, now we're number one.
We can't be saying it, but we be it.
If you can't say it, be it.
Do we be it?
Huh?
We need to be doing it.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Just like I said, this is one of, you know,
if I were a black person in America, I would be so pissed off.
I'd be so angry.
I mean, there are a million things that could be angry about.
But the angriest thing I would be about is the fact that the education system,
purposely, this is an institutional racism, they in the health, they aid in the bed.
They perpetuate a system where most young black males are illiterate.
They're functionally illiterate.
They can't speak proper English.
And of course, like Herola pointed out last night, the racism as far as the drugstore
concerns are unbelievable.
The number of young black men who are behind bars for petty drug crimes.
You saw the piece the first time.
Did you put the two mothers?
The one woman who was desperate because her kids were starving to death.
And so she took a very minor amount of cocaine and transported it.
And they nailed her ass.
20 years.
Under the Rockefeller law, up there in New York under a crazy law from a crazy governor from 1973,
20 years minimum, she's got no chance to get out.
And the judge who did the sentencing, who had no choice because of the mandatory law,
she's the one that's championing the cause to try to get these women out.
That's America for you, baby.
Like I said, let me say it again.
Read my lips.
Civilized countries deal with drugs as a healthcare situation, not a criminal problem.
Yeah, there are people that are trafficking in large amounts of heroin and coke and stuff like that.
Yeah, then it becomes a criminal problem.
But as far as the average small user is concerned,
knocked out with as a criminal problem.
But in America, we like to make criminals out of as many people as we can.
Everything you do is a crime.
You go to a swing club, it's a crime.
Every guy's anything you do.
If you get a, if you get a direction, if you get a woody and broward, it's a crime.
Yeah, the virginity police will come along and give you a little squeeze.
See just how hard it is.
Oh, you're going to jail, baby.
And the public sits out here and accepts this.
Like this is a civilized place.
And this kid calls yesterday and he's giving me a lecture.
This punk who doesn't know his ass from my elbow and he's giving me a lecture about the world.
Man, you got to get your brain out of your back dome pal.
Because you got the brains.
So maybe like I said, it's in the right place.
9 minutes after 11 and 5 60 WQM, Nick's a guy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
Oh, come on.
Come on.
You hear me?
He's been waiting for me in the morning.
He's been so busy and he's fast.
He's cutting himself worth of all from a whore.
He's running his race.
He's just a wild and bullet.
They count on fishing a few hits.
From top to bottom he's a dirty job and he's so mad to do it.
He's a dirty job.
He's just a dirty job.
He puts his elbow in the basket.
And he's just a dirty job.
And he's just a dirty job.
He keeps you out of the business.
He's just a dirty job and he keeps him off the doing.
He's just a dirty job and he keeps him off the doing.
He's a dirty job.
He's just a dirty job.
He's just a dirty job.
He's just a dirty job.
He's just a dirty job and he's just a dirty job.
He's just a dirty job.
Hey, the 11 14 is 5 60 WQM 5 6705 60.
Pomp 560 on the AT&T line only an hour and a quarter away from Marlon's baseball.
When I have to say about that, Marlon's in the Diamondbacks, Razorbacks, whatever he'll her name is.
And then of course we got the Jimmy Johnson show.
We could be special.
We got the Jimmy Johnson show right after the game.
Every time I hear that or they also have a TV version of it now too.
I just I don't know whether to pee in my pants or just to fall on the floor laughing.
God, because it's so important, you know, the way he says it.
And of course you know that's his job is to take something really very marginal and silly
and try to make everybody think it's really important.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning. How are you doing?
Great.
I just wanted to add my two cents on the Miami International Security problem.
First let me say that I'm a University of Miami student and before my parents moved down to Florida,
I was flying back and forth quite a bit.
Now I have a backpack just as most students do and I have a little piece of duct tape wrapped around one of the straps which you know I'm bending it.
Right. That's right.
Fighting drugs.
Every single time I go through the metal detector, you know, they send it through the X-ray.
They don't have a problem with it but they got to take it over to this little machine.
I almost miss my plane every time because of this.
They have to do this little test on the duct tape to see if I have any plastic explosives on me.
Very good.
You know, they should really be...
I sure hope you don't have a can of right garden there too.
You really got problems man.
No, I use the last piece to go on.
That's not...
You know.
So you know, they really should be spending their time on one important things.
You know, getting their dogs working a little bit better maybe.
I don't know.
But thanks for your time.
Okay.
There you go.
Duck tape, they're very big on that.
But you know, hand grenades, automatic weapons.
Well, there's, you know, where there's a world as a way.
Makes you kind of feel unclean, you know.
Especially all the flying I've been in and out of that airport.
To think all these scumbags that are in there doing all this crap.
And like I said, I don't really care about the drug part.
It doesn't bother me because the drug thing is out of control and the scope to the whole thing is a joke.
It doesn't bother me at least.
The hand grenades and the automatic weapons and the overhead.
That I'm not too crazy about.
But the idea of the no security, that makes me a little bit nervous that part, you know.
No security, basically, is what we're talking about.
I asked to make you really wonder.
But nobody else seems to concern about it.
So let's hear it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good.
First time a long time.
Wonder how much security they could pay to put in there with a 29 million.
They flush down the toilet with that concerned expansion project.
They started and then they couldn't complete it so they just said, well,
school, we're just going to lose the money.
But anyway.
We had my wife and I just got back from a wonderful trip.
Paris and Amsterdam and all of Netherlands, really.
But how did you survive?
I mean, that kid yesterday told me it's so filthy and dangerous over there.
Well, you know, he goes to bed like this only after three o'clock in the morning.
Yeah.
Got to tell you that probably in a couple of years, hopefully when I finish my engineering degree,
we're going to go right there.
Netherlands is the most beautiful place I've ever seen.
I cannot believe it.
Most civilized country in the world.
Yeah, you know, education system, best health care.
Yeah.
I have a net cousins of mine and I'm going to, yeah, for the first time.
And, yeah, they filled me in on all the goodies.
I mean, you know, people who aren't members of the tourist board.
And, yeah, I mean, one of the comments was like how poverty is virtually impossible.
You would have to try, you know.
You have to work out.
Yeah.
It's just the social system.
The whole approach seems very advanced and I think.
And all the time, I've been over there about 50 times and I never heard anybody,
because you know, just about everybody speaks English.
I never heard anybody complaining about the fact that they can't walk around with guns.
No way in our real over there.
Yeah.
So, very few police and we were in Amsterdam for two nights.
Out late, of course, enjoying everything.
Right.
And never ever once felt threatened or unsafe.
And you had all of these, you know, what you would otherwise refer to like a drag as society,
whatever running around, all of it, everybody else.
Same thing.
Same in Rome, same in Florence, same in Milan, same in Berlin, same in Cologne, same in Stockholm,
same in Copenhagen, same in Paris, same in every city I've ever been in in Western Europe.
You don't feel like you have to look over your shoulder like you're going to get mugged,
like you're going to get murdered, like anybody's going to get shot.
And it doesn't happen.
Yeah, it doesn't happen.
Even though my relatives are very paranoid, I guess that's World War II thing, you know.
They were there during that, of course.
Well, get to your plug.
They won't have to hear people speak in German.
They'll feel better.
Yeah.
Or even hear anyone hear and touch, I guess.
The first time I heard him speak in Dutch, I had a little bit nervous.
I have a question before you.
Have you ever been to Delft?
Oh, I'm not.
Wow.
You know, next trip, make it a point.
If you can, because it's close to Amsterdam, it's of course the world's famous self-blue comes from there.
Right.
And, man, I got to say, even if you like Amsterdam, it's, you know, I don't know, it's got all the good things.
And that's one thing about Europe, too, is that because it's so compact, you can get on that.
They've got that great train system.
You can up on the train and be anywhere in no time.
You go to Cologne from Amsterdam in two and a half hours.
Yeah, we took the telephs, actually.
Yeah.
You know, from Paris and around Trip, because that's where we're in and out of.
But, yeah, just really, really an eye-opener.
And I love for Lauderdale, not, you know, I just really live.
And I'm not going to knock.
I'll forward it too much.
Not too thrilled about raising a family here.
If both of us are working, for instance.
However, you know, if you're paying attention, I think you can do okay just about anywhere in the world.
But boy, I got, you know, from what I've seen there, and especially, you know,
with the, with the, what they've done with the water and the whole Delta Works project,
and that's kind of my specialty of study.
I guess I have another reason also to go, but yeah, the society, just the people,
are very nice, friendly.
The way they raise their children, the children aren't exposed to TV, they had violence.
Young, you know, these kids, they start speaking, teaching them English at 10 years old, you know.
Just the whole, a whole different approach.
Okay, pal, see you there.
Thank you.
Okay.
See you there in three years, pal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Oh, gee, Neil, get out.
You can't say that.
Get out of here.
You, you, you, you, you, come back.
Okay.
In time.
Remember what Linda Blair said?
In time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Orlando.
Hello.
Or a Poloco.
Somewhere up there.
Oh, Poloco.
Hi, Neil, hi, you.
I saw the old liner.
I just, listen to your show.
It's time I enjoy it.
But you know, Neil, I was thinking, the thought comes to me.
Yes, sir.
These people are putting all these drugs on planes and weapons.
What do you think about the people?
Is anybody ever given another thought?
If these people, if these people easily get drugs in our weapons on planes,
do you think about the nature of people getting on these planes?
Sure, that's another good point.
That's true, Neil.
You know, I don't know how many passports are getting like passed and smucked back
at four-foot on an IB and that only goes on.
You know, I'm not the smartest person in the world, but yet still, you know,
I see a lot of things that people don't never mention.
You know, people getting planes, these things on planes.
What do you think about security people, but putting weapons in planes?
Yeah, especially some of the people I see getting on the plane.
Especially on American Airlines.
That's what you're, okay, Neil.
I guess what it's has my review and I enjoy your show.
I listen to you all the time.
I'm a truck driver, and I run out of cross-country mode.
Whenever I can, I pick you up, and I give you a call whenever I can.
All right. Thanks a lot, Neil.
Thanks.
Thank you, Neil.
All right.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless live.
What are we going to do with my international?
Like I said, that $29 million, I think, could have beefed up security a lot, at least for a few days.
All that baloney they gave us after, you know, the major crashes and the air every time.
You know, what they do is they clamp down on the decent people, and you've got to have 85 pieces of ID,
and you've got to have 72 checkpoints, and you've got to do this, and you've got to do that, and yada yada.
But in the meantime, the scumbags, they can get through no problem at all.
Here's your field. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Great.
My name's Greg, and I have a problem with the Broward County Sheriff's Department.
Yeah?
They have a certain policy of the sheriff's being able to bring their police cars home with them.
And I call one of the commissioners.
What's the problem with that?
Well, the thing is, is there, you know, for eight or nine hours a night, they're sitting there watching MOD,
and the golden girls, while people are out roaming the streets, and I call one of the commissioners.
I don't understand. They're not on duty 24 hours a day.
I don't know.
But why should they have the cars at their home for their leisure?
I call the commissioner, and he told me that he finds it's a good crime deterrent.
Yeah.
It would seem to me.
And you know what, I agree with him.
But no, no, see, it would seem to me.
I agree.
It would be a better deterrent to have police car, police men, in the police cars.
Sure, you know, I'm not the biggest supporter of a lot of the police, the bad police anyway.
Nobody supports bad police.
But I'll say this much, too.
When it comes to the deterrent, I know this for a fact, and you know it, too, because when you're driving,
I'm coming to work this morning on the turnpike, and an FHP guy's got someone been pulled over.
And I'm going to tell you, and I'm not justifying this or agreeing with it, but the traffic slowed down at least 15 miles an hour,
even though there's no other cops around, but just the sight of that police car forced everybody to slow down to a crawl.
So if you don't think that that's a deterrent, just to see a police vehicle, because nobody knows for sure whether there's somebody inside,
I think, in this case, I have to agree with him.
Okay, now, but listen to this.
In my particular subdivision, it's a very small one.
It's called Waterford Homes.
There are at least six policemen that live here.
And the guys that move their lawns, move around the cop cars.
These cars haven't moved in days.
And I know that for a fact.
What do you mean they move around in the car?
Yes, and these cars are just sitting there.
Yeah.
There's nobody driving them.
Okay, well listen, I'm glad that you have such a rich full life that these are the kinds of things that you have to worry about.
I wish I had this guy's problems.
And I think most of the audience probably shares my feeling.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in the gables. Hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Listen, I want to share with you a delightful experience I had with American Airlines last year.
I was running to catch a plane and I was stupid enough to be carrying Louis Vuitton luggage.
So I dropped it on the thing.
These two ladies pulled me over and started going through my bags.
And they take my bags away.
They come back, and I'm late.
They come back and they make me sign.
If they sign this paper that everything's in your bags.
I look in my bags.
I see my wallet.
I see my cell phone.
I see my checkbook.
And I say, I sign it.
I run.
I get on the plane.
No jewelry and no cash.
Oi!
So I was robbed by American Airlines' security.
How much did you have on you?
$300.
Oh, nice.
And that was money for my trip and a whole bunch of jewelry.
So I got on the plane.
I went nuts.
I made a police report.
All I wanted to do was to have them check the tape.
I knew who the women were.
And American Airlines said to me after a lot of fighting, they said, we job those people out.
We're not responsible for their behavior.
They're not real American Airlines employees.
We contract with them.
Let's go into airport for a while.
I'll say, will the real airlines employees please raise your hand so we know?
That's exactly right.
No responsibility.
All I wanted was an apology.
And I don't mind getting fleeced by a pickpocket.
But when security robs you, that is pretty pathetic.
Unbelievable.
Okay, thanks, sweetheart.
All right.
Don't do it again.
How do you like that?
Oh, we did not our job.
Okay, we don't know nothing from that.
Basically they told her back.
It's over.
Like I said, never again, baby.
No more terminal C or D for me.
No good buy American.
Good buy American forever.
Have a great life.
Good luck to you.
But no more that chaos.
No more that side courses that you call operating an airline.
26 past 11.
It's only a little over an hour away from the Marlin game.
Can you feel the pressure?
Can you feel the excitement?
Let's tension in the air.
We could be something special.
Yes.
Okay, it's 11.30.
We don't have a lot of time.
Okay, we better move along fast.
No, we better move along.
We only got an hour to go into the Marlin game.
Oh, I think that was an active God is what that was right there.
Oh, God.
That kind of like misfired.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Don't forget the Jimmy.
We could be special.
Johnson show right after the ball game.
Which is a good way to play with your emotions.
I'm sure most of you don't want to listen to the Marlin game.
But you'll have to keep tuning in and out to find out when Jimmy is on.
With a mad dog.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing today?
Great.
I want to make a comment about that last call that had called up.
I'm a police officer for the Sheriff's Office for many years now.
And I happen to live in that water for the community.
That's why I call herring this idiot on the phone.
Right.
You know, originally we do that, okay, is because of the deterrence.
And it's basically, that's why we didn't let us take it home,
because we're either traveling the next day.
We're working that day, okay?
And it belongs there.
It's better to have it there because it produces the crime.
And it can be...
I couldn't agree more.
And in water for the haven't seen any problems, you know,
since I've been living there for the many years now.
And what is that idiot that just makes amazes me?
These people in South Florida.
Yeah, but he's perfectly in South Florida because he has no life.
This is the most important thing he's got to worry about
is whether they're mowing the lawn around your police cruisers.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I think I particularly know who this guy is.
I don't want to talk to my call in front of him.
This is a door.
But he's all the time here.
He's ridiculous.
Okay, pal.
I just want to express my opinion.
Thank you.
I'm hanging there.
Yeah, some of you Yanta's out there.
Of course, we know a lot of people in South Florida.
Like I've said, that's kind of the state model.
Some states have, you know, the show me state.
Our model in this state is...
I had no life.
Right.
And that guy just wants to live up to it.
He's busy being the Yanta.
I like seeing the police cruiser.
Just like I said, the first time I liked to roam and saw the soldier out there
with an oozie on his shoulder standing in the middle of a busy street corner.
I thought, oh, what is this?
A banana republic?
And then the next time I saw him, I thought, hey, this is pretty good.
At least I know there's no scumbags out here going to rob me.
Check me with the gypsies.
Oh, there you go again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Just remember one thing.
Okay.
Misrobial people will be miserable anywhere.
It doesn't make any...
You could put them in paradise if they're in such a place.
And they still find some reason to gripe and bitch and bellyache
and be unhappy no matter what.
It's like, over the years, I've, you know, raved about Vegas,
which is my favorite American city.
It's a great place.
If you can't have a good time in Vegas,
then you must be either brain dead or you ought to be dead.
But there have been a couple of people.
Oh, yeah, we didn't know what was the big deal out there.
And they're, oh.
You know, little rushing relapse with a fully loaded gun.
Sounds like a good hobby for some of those bastards.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Hey, I'm a former police investigator from Boston.
Yeah.
And I just happen to be lucky enough to turn into Tainor.
And I fly quite a bit.
And, you know, I mean, you've got to look at the people
that are in security there.
And you look at the sunset and all of Miami-Herald.
How much they're paying these people.
And it's got to reflect, you know, the problems.
Mm-hmm.
And somebody that's a retired police officer
that might know a little bit more,
he's not going to take that job.
So, I mean, that's one of the reasons.
You know, for you get, you have incompetent people.
But you're paying for...
Of course, down here, we're very big on that.
No matter what area you're looking at,
a competence-rein-supreme here.
So say people that are on the people that win picks you
are working the security.
Right.
You know, so I mean, you know, that's the thing.
The fact that I was on a plane coming from Las Vegas.
That was in seat number one, first class.
Right.
The guy comes from the back of the plane.
He's got two aluminum briefcases.
And he's screaming that he's got bombs and guns.
And this is in 96, America West Airlines.
Oh.
You're my favorite.
So nobody's doing it.
Everybody's screaming and yelling.
And the guy's that's doing full contact karate kicks
with the pilot store.
So me being the former cop, you know, and the Maloo's is...
You never lose it.
You know, it's just one of those things.
Yeah.
I get up and I just hit him, knocked him down.
And held him down while nobody else did a thing.
We'd made an emergency landing into Denver.
Coming to find out, I mean, this guy was so suspicious looking.
I mean, he should have been just asked the question.
Would he have got him the two aluminum briefcases?
Yeah.
The only thing he had, and he got on there with a stolen credit card.
So I mean, you know, and then America West Airlines,
they give me a first-class ticket to fly from Ford Lauderdale to Las Vegas.
He got expired.
And I called him.
I said, you know, I'm the guy, you know, and he said, well, it expired.
And I said, well, you know, I just really don't use it a lot because I get paid.
You know, when I fly to Las Vegas, I'll re-know that, you know, the people that I do the corporate shows for,
or because he knows they paid me to fly.
Right.
And they said, well, it's expired.
Thanks for doing what you did.
But I said to him, I said to him, I'm going to call Neil Rogers.
I'm going to call this one.
I'm going to call that one.
Yeah.
And I'm going to ask him what they think.
And sure enough, they call me up.
And they said, well, why don't you send that and we'll send you a brand new one.
Send you a brand new one.
And you know what, they still suck and we're still ripping the rest.
Exactly.
Okay, thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Yeah, America West, that's another one.
And I did look it up in the book and they are flying the air bus now.
And you know something, I still won't fly them.
It's getting really bad, baby.
Getting really bad.
The choices are minimal.
And like I said before, they try to give you the song of dance about all these world partner,
these big sky alliances, how it's so great.
It's a nightmare.
It's like the end of the world.
It's like, oh, because as soon as you start taking away the competition,
as soon as you start with these monopolies,
everybody who, all the customers get screwed.
Here's Orlando.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
It's a, it's funny you're talking about this because I'm going to Vegas.
I'm going to get today for the first time.
Boy.
You're on TWA, I don't know how to do it.
Yeah.
I'm going to say it to New York, New York.
Have you been there?
Great location.
A little bit, it's a little chaotic in there, but it's an excellent location.
So, you know, depending on how you like it, you know, you don't have to spend all your time in there,
but it's a good place to stay.
Excellent location.
Right on the strip, right?
Right across from the MGM Grand Goa.
Go across the street to the MGM and the Trapper Cannon.
Plunge your brains up.
Are there any shows that you recommend Lance Burr?
I'm not, I'm not being shows.
Okay.
I wanted, I know you're talking about this airline thing, but I wanted to ask you what you knew about this deal,
where Howard's being a big fan of Phil Henry.
Yeah.
And even visiting him on his show, do you know anything about it?
I read the story yesterday and I mentioned it on the year that he went and watched him work,
which is a real trip to see what Phil is doing the show, but other than that, it doesn't mean anything.
Unfortunately.
You know, they're not in Coohoots or anything to be on a network.
No.
Okay.
I wish.
Yeah, I saw it on neo-rodges.com and I was kind of shocked to read it, but I didn't know if there's any more to it or not.
No, in fact, I was talking to somebody yesterday and, you know, who his work with Phil also, and it's really sad,
because they've done, you know, the Cox people, they resigned him into a new deal, but he was hoping that syndication would be part of it.
But as I find out with a lot of people in this business, they talk a good game and then, you know, that's the end of it.
Right, right.
Okay, pal, have a great time.
Thanks, pal.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, you know, Porfill.
Are you sure he's doing all right?
But he deserves to be syndicated.
And then, of course, we could carry it here from 9 to midnight.
Would we do that here?
No.
Because he don't do a sports show.
And that's right.
Forget about that.
We got to have sports on 20 hours a day.
We got to be given those same ball scores and those same announcements, updates over and over and over again.
We could be special.
We, yeah.
It is pretty special.
I got to admit that.
Oh, it's real special.
Just like that corn, you know, and deliverance, that corn is your special.
You know what?
Uh-huh.
And, of course, you know, he really loved this corn.
Didn't he, June?
See how all these things fit together.
Faso and deliverance and all these things.
22 before noon at 5, 16, WQA.
I'm gone.
I got to just sick mind and I'm so proud of it, by the way.
If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now.
Kick your goddamn teeth in.
Oh, wow.
Look at my butt.
Oh, wow.
I'm such a beautiful singer.
Uh-huh.
All the guys they want me.
From the old to the teenager.
I am hot.
I have to say.
I seem real good.
My acting's over.
They got us a good.
I might have a chance with the steer of the singer.
I got so sweet, bedroomized.
And a body like you show.
With my self-believe creamy sides.
Had a kid you never know.
All right.
To see me is to want me.
Got out the tight food.
My driver's tax with me.
You see me all over MTV.
Now that is 40 years.
I know you want me.
Got out the tight food.
Beautiful singer.
Got out the tight food.
Beautiful singer.
11.44.560.
Don't forget to reserve your spot for 2AM's annual about dot com celebrity golf tournament Friday, September 24th called 305-650-163 for information.
Try your luck at the infinity hole in one challenge, lunch from Tony Romas and the silent auction benefiting center one.
Sponsored by Leading dot com, the ping collection, Mr. Cliffs wine, Princess Resort and Casino, rolling shield shutters and the poster and then dinner by the Outback Steakhouse.
16 till noon.
46 minutes before Marlon baseball.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
I want to make a couple comments on the current topic about the sting at the airport.
The employees, I mean the people were not employees of the day county.
Right? They were the American Airlines people?
Most.
And there were a couple of what INS agents and a barred sheriff's officer.
Yeah, 30 American Airlines ramp employees and American Eagle security guard, 13 sky chef workers, three law enforcement officers.
One was immigration inspector, agriculture inspector and a BSO deputy who worked at the airport part time.
There you go.
Wow.
The other thing that was interesting to me was I believe, you know, with the television meetings to be believed,
that those grenades and guns weren't they put there by the alcohol tobacco fire people as a part of the sting?
Right. It was part of the plan, right?
And they did take them off, obviously, before the planes took off.
Yes.
Yeah, okay. So they were dummies, right?
Right.
Yeah, okay. Good.
Yeah, but the people that put them there had no way of knowing that.
No, no, no. I know that.
Yeah, that I understood.
Just like, for example, a lot of them, because they had limited budget on this thing, a lot of the cocaine that they bought was,
from Columbia, to make it for $50 a kilo instead of the $275.
Oh, I guess.
So they had to manufacture something that looked and tasted like cocaine, but wasn't a real thing because otherwise they couldn't afford it to continue the operation.
Oh, okay. Yeah. All right.
So they've been running that for a while.
For years.
A couple of years.
Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. The other thing I'd comment on was, you know, your aerosol can thing.
Back to long time ago, they used to be interested aerosol cans because of those cabins.
They would be compressed. They would explode.
You'd spill the air life for it. Right car.
Yeah.
I believe they might smell better. Okay. Thank you.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello.
Oh God. How are we?
Yes, sir. Speaking great show today. I'm sorry. I have to leave us early.
Well, I wish I could see.
Yeah, so you're in that police of that garbage, Marlon.
Anyways, I'm going to be short and sweet in which my material too.
I've added up the.
Hello, I'm listening.
Oh, um, be short and sweet with the material too. I've counted up the IQ of your callers now.
And I'm still on my left hand. So we need to do something about that.
Yeah. And what did you want to tell us?
People in Miami or don't. Okay. Thanks for the bullet. Okay. There you go.
Here's the guy with a bulletin boys and girls. I thought we'd been sent at for a very long time.
Floridians done as dirt. I know there's a few exceptions out there.
Is me and George and I'm thinking five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
How's that bonus going by the way, George?
Here's open park. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to have a conversation, but it don't seem like you did.
Do you want to have one? So why is that?
I don't know because you got the stuff going on on the background.
You're. It seems to me like all you want to do.
We have to tell us sir. You want to have a conversation or not?
What about one? Is it talk show about what?
You just want to attack the car.
You don't want to say anything. All you want to do is attack me.
If you want to say something, go ahead. If you want to sit and waste my time to you.
Okay. I've listened to everybody who's called here today. We haven't had any problem until you of course.
Asshole five six seven oh five.
I put the flip the thing up the pop for like five seconds on there right away.
He's making an issue out of that. And of course that was long after we called.
He was already on hold. So here's another guy with no material.
See, let me tell you again, pal.
DNH and TNC, take no crap.
That's my motto of life.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Great. I got some stuff for you.
Listen, I got married about six months ago.
A man and a wife went over to London, England, and Paris France for a honeymoon.
Yes, sir.
And that was probably one of the greatest trips I've ever taken in my life in.
Paris is such a beautiful place.
What I wanted to talk about when the difference between the airlines and the different places
over in Paris versus here in America.
Yeah.
Yeah, we get over there in Paris and everything.
Everyone's so great. They're so cool.
So they want to, you know, help you out as much as possible.
Well, of course, we get back to the state.
And the first thing we hear is from American guy, chewing out these foreigners.
I guess who was going back home.
Of course it was in.
I think it was in Fort Lauderdale of Miami, one of the two.
But it was just totally ridiculous.
And you noticed the change, big time.
But I enjoyed myself very much over there.
There you go.
Okay. Thank you.
Thank you.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberg Pines.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Mr. Conversation there was a part.
Well, he was great, wasn't he?
Yeah, he was great.
Neil, nothing to say. No material.
You're an authority on hockey.
And I wanted to ask you a question.
You know, Pavel Burry and a couple of the Russians are having like a little camp right now.
Right.
Well, that's over with.
What is that all about?
Yeah, because my girlfriend's brother is the goalie.
And I really don't get what he's doing there.
So I thought I'd add a little more.
And there is just kind of a pre-excuse to get together before the official camp broke for end, you know, carpets set from the Leafs and Burry and a few other guys got together.
And there's just one of those things that was the blessing of their teams because some of these guys were guys who had injury problems last year like Burry.
And they wanted you to get a little extra work in to get ready for a camp.
So how should this kid hold his hopes up for this opportunity has been given to just, you know, play goalie with these guys?
Well, I don't understand what you mean. What is his name?
J. Z. E. D.
Never heard of him.
Never heard of him.
No.
That's a really tough position to make it in the NHL, right?
Right.
Very different.
You better believe it.
All right, Neil. Thank you.
Okay, good luck to him.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
5-6705-60.
Good luck to watch.
Of course, do we have any hockey, uh...
No.
No, not down here.
Anybody care about the...
Oh.
Yeah, you know, that's...
Forgetting about the fact we got such crappy schools and portable classrooms and all this other crap.
Nobody here really cares about sports other than football, which I think mostly is just talking not very much knowledge.
But other than that, they don't care about them.
And yet we just keep building more and more arenas and more stadiums and come up with more financing and more taxes.
Well, what's the point?
What is the point?
It would be built like building a $400 million library in a place where everybody's illiterate.
Here's Coconut Creek. Hello.
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Pretty good.
I'm a police officer in Florida here and I just wanted to tell you that about that jerk they called a few minutes ago about the take home cars?
Mr. No Life, yeah.
Well, you know, they've proven through studies that these cars last an average of seven years when the guys take them home rather than running them 24 hours a day.
Well, they last about two years.
Right.
So I've been sub-saving the taxpayers' money, unfortunately, that these idiots like him just don't understand that.
I mean, what kind of a moron wouldn't want to, you know, feel a little bit safer having police cruisers parked, you know, nearby wherever they live?
I'm out, you know, some people would pay for that.
Every one of my neighbors just loves it.
They make it the greatest thing in the world.
And the other thing I wanted to talk to you about was the airlines.
I had an incident a few years ago up in Detroit where I was talking to somebody in the airport terminal and I made a statement in there.
And the next thing I know, I've got two federal marshals getting ready to pull me off to the pokey because they said I was making threatening statements in the airport.
How do you like that?
And I said, hey, I'm a police officer and they said, hey, we don't care.
Okay, nice day.
And I'm like, they're telling me I'm going to have to pay like $5,000 a minute for this plane to be sitting on the tarmac till they decide whether or not to hold me out.
Unbelievable.
I mean, it was just unbelievable.
I can't wait to get out of here.
I've got six more years to go and I'm done.
Excellent.
All right.
See you later, Neil.
I'll see you there right here.
Okay.
How do you like that?
$5,670, $560.
And of course, one thing we know.
Freak, okay, yeah.
No, that's language that's not acceptable on the airline.
I mean, I see that, you know, especially the way they treat people, that it takes an extraordinary amount of authoritarian kind of attitude on their part to keep everybody in tow and in line.
Because if people just went loose with their emotions, it could get very dangerous, especially 33,000 feet up in the air.
But the idea that they're going to restrict your language and they're going to like to broaden the rest of it up there at Logan International in Boston because she said the F word.
That should be the worst that somebody said on a plane with the way that they treat a lot of people, especially I don't want to mention.
Was that American Airlines, by the way?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Seems to me.
And the episode with the guy that spilled a coffee at Boston on that was, was that American Airlines?
Uh-huh.
$5,670, $560.
On the AT&T wireless line.
And listen, don't, whatever you do, don't put your luggage too close to those hand grenades in the overhead.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing today?
Good, sir.
I am an airline pilot based down in the, down in Miami.
All right.
And, yeah.
Boy, I tell you what, being of South American descent, I can say this with clear minds.
Did you notice on the, uh, under the list of the published names,
today of all the people they busted down there, they're right here, yeah.
Every single one of them with the exception of one guy was, uh, Oulio.
Right.
And, you know, they, they recruit these people from like Burger King and McDonald's.
They are this.
Well, when we pull in down there, when we, you know, we park at the gate,
you know, we'll have to maybe run in a terminal and do something real quick.
Yeah.
Come back, we can't leave any of our personal belongings in there, because our own employees steal them.
Our own stuff.
Beautiful.
You can't even, you got a lot to cockpit doors and, well, flight attendants have to take their stuff with them or lock them in a cockpit with us because
you can't turn your back for two minutes.
And they're, they're back there.
They'll prime in the cargo compartment to start stealing, uh, all the passengers belongings while they're in there.
They're, they're, they're counting cameras now in the cargo compartment.
The cash fee.
Maybe we can get some senior citizens to take their jobs.
Then all you have to worry about them stealing will be the sweet and low, at least.
Oh, I, I know.
I mean, they can't, they can't, they can't, the problem, the problem is,
is that all the airlines out there, they're just going to pay minimum wage and hire the, you know, the worst kind of derelicts that can get to come in there to work.
Right.
You know, so it's, it's no wonder that kind of stuff goes on.
Well, it gives you a really great feeling of confidence, doesn't it?
Less America.
Okay, pal, good luck.
Yeah.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we approach relentlessly that moment of 1230 when you'll hear the sound of Marlon's baseball on a pregame show.
Wow.
God, I'm pretty psyched about it.
Uh-huh.
1155 at 560 WQM.
Oh.
Oh, it's two hot, two hot things.
They're all hot.
Why did they conditioner?
And you've got his name.
Here they give you the summer time when they get too hot and you need physical what you need.
They can't go out.
I know the star is going to be thinking what home clock.
I left the death of spend the whole day looking for my neck and neck.
100 degrees and more.
And the shade of the day.
Sorry, I'll have to pray to you.
You're resting as fast as you take the chance.
I saw someone seeing you walking by your house just in the past.
I saw some band-up full flat packs of my stomachs.
From the store to the inventory.
I was down with sweat and drugged.
You know what I'm saying?
I saw going to buy all the things you want to stack up for your bags.
Move out.
That's not what a plan to do.
What I did here.
I'm not missing a hand.
I can't take the more I did.
I found my teeth right here.
And my name was put in my new address.
I was born in the old age.
Do you have to do a heart-based and a heart-based?
Find an air conditioner.
And you've got it, ladies.
You know, if you libertarians would stop wasting our fax paper.
We'd appreciate it very much because we hate you like poison.
And why do I keep saying that on the over and over again?
And they keep sending me their propaganda and crap.
Anybody know any libertarians?
No.
No.
You're not going to get a surge party to find one.
And they keep wasting their time.
I don't really care whether you agree with George W.
Or you would bubble or with this one or this co-cat or whoever.
Okay.
Nobody cares.
When's Jesse?
And that's what I say.
That's when I'll get excited.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pomp, I even, what's the name?
Rich Springfield excited.
He wants to be Jesse's girl.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
All right, Neil.
I'm from England.
And I was listening to your shell cut a couple of days ago.
And I heard an expression that I'm not familiar with.
And it's been intriguing me.
And I'd like you to tell me what it is.
Yes, sir.
What's a footflusher?
A footflusher is someone who doesn't flush the toilet with his hand who uses his foot because
he's got a fetish about germs on the handle.
Oh, now there you go.
You've heard of a four-flusher.
That's a footflusher.
I bet your prince Edwards probably a footflusher.
Maybe.
Maybe most of the royal family probably.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
Well, let me ask.
Did you live here?
Yes.
You live here now.
Yes, I do.
How do you compare it with, of course, you're from England.
So that's not a very good, uh...
I've been in England's group, but it's not everybody over here making them down to be some sort of like fairy land
with everything lovely and...
There's a lot of bad parts.
It's just as many bad parts of England.
A lot of fairy-bending when I think of...
Sorry.
I said have a great day.
Thank you.
Cheers.
56070560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
You know.
Yes, sir.
And the good afternoon to you.
First time, long time.
All right.
I don't have much material, but I just have a question for you in the peer opinion.
Uh-huh.
Now, at this mess, we're going on, and they're my army airport.
Yeah.
I think this could possibly be just great, but the tip of the iceberg.
Yes.
Popping up on their...
Yes, of course.
Of course, because they admitted they had to end the sting operation because they ran out of money.
But there's no question.
This is only a little piece.
In fact, they said that.
That's what was part of the story.
Yes, sir.
That's what was the beginning.
That's right.
Well, they're running out of the money.
But is this...
Does this leave this with other ongoing investigations that will be forward?
You can be sure that there will be others now that they'll converse an appropriate money.
Because if this kind of crap is going on, the flying public is going to start getting psychotic.
Exactly.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Yeah.
Well, of course, this audience don't seem psychotic.
But like I said, the people who are here now probably people that can't afford to go anywhere.
Oh, god.
I just don't get it.
Things that just have people all over the country just forming it to mouth.
And one good thing about here, they don't get too excited.
I mean, we have certain segments of the community that get excited.
But that's only about one thing.
I don't know what that is.
Like if there's a cigar fishing out of magazine on the stand, they don't like it.
Then they get excited about that.
And that also, by the way, was at Miami International Airport, where we have self-appointed sensors,
censoring which magazines you can buy at the newsstand.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
Oh, we got that Marlon game coming up in 28 minutes.
Man, I'm getting excited.
Can't you tell?
I'm gagging on it.
Here's a lady mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm a deputy's wife.
And I just want to tell you that that guy that called you is an absolute idiot.
Because I would like to have, and I agree with you.
They're a bad cop.
They're a good cop.
Right.
But I'd like to have a dollar.
For every time someone has knocked on our door, I just couldn't, because the husband's peed in the mouth.
Okay.
My husband has pulled people out of a burning apartment.
Right.
And was named deputy's year off duty, because someone knocked on our door.
There was an accident in front of our development, and he saved 12 people's life.
Outstanding.
Okay.
So to him, you know, I only hope someday that it's not his wife or his daughter.
Yeah.
Well, he's a Yanta in training.
We're already a full fledgant.
Does it want to pay, you know, consider the source.
I understand, but I just wanted to have my peace.
And please stay off American Airlines.
Can you imagine that that was your pilot that was flying?
Okay.
Thank you.
Let's see.
But maybe he had, you know, a little coffee, at least with cocaine.
We were a hero in whatever way.
Like the other pilot in the story.
Five six, five six seven, oh five six eight.
Doesn't mention whether that was before the flight starter, he was already in here.
It doesn't mention that for obvious reasons.
I could people a little bit more nervous.
Here's a mobile in four-letter, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Neil, got to just a couple of things.
Heading back to the Midwest, going back to St. Louis on Delta.
Hopefully I'm going to get there first off.
That's a craft shoot.
Second of all, going back to a real station where they got some sports
and they can talk hockey, camel X.
One whole line.
And one time home of the day.
Dan Kelly, right?
And no Murray brothers, he got Larry Plough and Joe Quinville.
Got a real team, real coach.
Yeah.
You got Ken Wilson, a great announcer there on TV.
He's not bad.
He's not bad.
He's no Dan Kelly, but then who is?
Pretty good.
That's right.
But you know what, Neil?
Well, I'm issued for the week or so.
I'm gone.
No yenters up there.
Everybody says hi.
Thanks.
Nice to see you.
Don't have that down here.
Talk to when we get back.
Okay, pal.
I'm a good time.
You too.
I will.
Five minutes past noon at 560 WQ.
I mean, people judge you by the shoes you wear.
And if yours look like garbage, like crap, then they say, oh, jeez.
What does that say about you?
So go to Brandy shoes.
The Pomano gets some great looking stylish shoes and a perfect fit every time.
Because they really know your feet at Brandy's.
They've got all the top styles in the universe rock port.
SAES, Timberland, Floreshine, Topseater, Simegoes, Hushpuppies, all the other top brands.
And they give you prices that you can't beat anywhere.
And if you have a hard to fit foot, no problem at Brandy's because they carry men's size
to 6 to 15, women's size is 5 to 12 from narrow to extra wide.
So save some cash, put your feet in the latest style shoes, and get a perfect fit.
Guaranteed every time at Brandy's Megastore, you'll be finding them at 1290 North Federal Highway
between Atlantic and Copen Dros and Pumpino Beach, all four directions call 954-943-9667.
This is 560-7.
You used to think hobbies were for relaxation.
Then you took a golf.
Yes, I'm so.
Once you found an outboard motor, men boating.
Until you discovered that a sale means yachting.
You used to think your TV was terrific.
Wow.
You can see the numbers on their uniforms.
What detail?
Then came Hitachi Ultra Vision high definition television.
Look, number 7 has written the plays down on these shoe laces.
I can't believe we can see that on TV.
Oh, this is handwriting is awful.
Hitachi Ultra Vision is everything you never thought TV could be.
The clarity, the detail, the picture that's more like looking through a window than watching TV.
And the same ultra vision optics that make the HDTV picture so spectacular are found in every ultra vision model,
digital and non-digital alike.
See them for yourself and you'll recall the days when the movies were a big thing.
And realize now that the movies are a big screen called Hitachi Ultra Vision.
See Hitachi Ultra Vision for yourself at Circuit City.
At CHAPWIN NOSE DISCOARS, starting at 10th of a last 10th.
Weeknight, only on Sports Week 538 QAM.
At Berliner, on Sports Radio, at 50WQM.
Do you love breakfast cereal? Do you love beer?
Then you love beeros.
Gold's first beer-soaked breakfast cereal.
My husband never had time to eat breakfast in the morning.
And to get him to even touch me was like pulling teeth.
But now he wouldn't think of starting his day without three heaping bowls of beeros.
And he can't keep his hands off of me.
Have a hair you little way.
Harvey, the kid's was here.
Beeros is available at all signs to the markets and look at stores everywhere.
I used to be depressed.
But with beeros, I've got a reason to wake up.
I started to stay with a buzz.
Beeros, it's alcohol.
It's friends.
Harvey.
So speaking of American Airlines, if you're in first class and they come around you on the first class cab
and offer you a beverage, do you order rum and coke?
5.6, and are you sure you know what you're going to get?
5.670560, 05.560 on a mobile one line.
Not that we want to pick on American, do we?
Well deserved.
Here's Perrine.
Hello.
Hello, I'm Neil.
Sounds like you, sir.
OK.
I want to ask a question or make a reference to these people about the police officers being able to drive their vehicle cell.
I lived in Georgia about 10, 15 years ago.
And I don't know if it was a certain county ordinance, but the police officers that were able to drive their vehicles home,
as long as they parked it in the lot of this rental community,
they didn't have to pay rent.
Now, I don't think they had to pay rent?
No, they got free rent.
Now, I don't know if this happens in Florida.
No.
But one question that comes to mind is, I don't think that money was going back to the community,
which I don't think is right.
I don't think it's right when I live in Perrine.
It doesn't happen here.
So I don't think it's right when I live in Perrine either.
And I see many, many, many Metro-day police officers that live in Coral Springs.
Now, I know he's not paying for his fuel every night.
I see my Amy Beach police officers that live in Weston,
they get to drive these vehicles home.
And I don't think that's right.
Now, I do believe the vehicle being there is a great deterrent,
but me living in Perrine paying the taxes for the Metro-day police officers.
And Coral Springs is getting the coverage up there.
It's just not right.
Okay. Well, I agree basically with the principal,
but the amount of money you're talking about, the gas money,
is it's like splitting hairs.
I'm not going to get all ben out of shape about that.
You know, we can't get on an airplane to God, we got no security at all.
We can't get the airport.
And people all of a sudden we got sidetracked on this thing
because some officers are driving a car home at night,
and they're parking in the grass or in your driveway.
I'm not going to look horrible about that.
If we have good cops, I'll stick up for them all the way.
If they're bad cops, then forget it.
Because there's lots and lots and lots of bad cops.
Just like there's lots and lots of bad doctors.
And just like there's lots and lots and lots of bad radio people.
That's the bad thing in the name, of course.
We're in this radio market now.
But we sure appreciate the good cops out there, believe me.
And even if something even the bad cops,
I still, if they're going to have their car parked somewhere near where I am,
you still feel better about it.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
I spent 12 years in the airline industry.
I worked most of it in the cargo department.
When I started, most airline personnel made over $15 an hour.
Right.
And they had careers.
That's when it was Eastern still existed.
And I was at the tail end, but it was still a great career.
Today, I think if they're making $6 an hour too much.
I think eight.
In international carriers, for example, that I worked for in cargo,
most of them don't even have their own personnel anymore.
They hire these handling companies.
They don't even know who's loading their planes for them.
They have no records of these people.
And if one handling company goes up because they have experienced personnel,
they just get rid of them and they'll take another handling company
that will do the job for less.
If you look at the value jet crash, the financial crash,
there weren't mechanical failures.
There were basically employees.
I mean, employees had no real experience in loading the aircraft.
They did a hell of a...
That's why we're on top of those canisters and a value jet plane.
You got it.
You got it.
And let me tell you something.
If they start really exploring this and really getting into it,
they've got a lot of work ahead of them.
If we start getting all the information, we're all going to be walking.
I left a year and a half ago.
And it was we were loading the planes and then we had to.
Because we had handlers that did actual loading of the aircraft.
And we were security guards.
I mean, he had to stay by the door because not move off the door.
Right.
I mean, I didn't know what was inside some of those boxes as far as electrical equipment.
They knew everything that was in the CDs.
And let me tell you, not just what you know, they're stealing.
I mean, the way that they load the planes and everything else.
I'm sorry.
I mean, I'm sorry that this has happened.
I mean, not...
Excuse me.
That what happened in American Airlines because it's about time
that they start really looking into it.
But really, the action that's that has happened.
But I'll tell you what, I believe the FIA in a whole lot of this because they've been to the airline.
Yeah, that's right.
You know, the FIA is there to regulate and that's not what they do.
They sit with these people and as soon as they add...
Well, why should it be any different from any other government?
It just seemed like the FDA, you know, is in partners with all these pharmaceutical companies.
But I'll tell you, man, I'm happy I'm out of there.
I'm doing my own thing now.
Okay, pal.
That's why I can talk to you.
I'll keep listening, right?
Okay, good luck.
I'll go on five.
Okay, it sounds real promising for hopping on a plane and going somewhere now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a call from Freeport.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
I'm Lou from Freeport that sent you that bump on the freedom from religion foundation.
Yes, sir.
Heritage.
Yeah, one.
One month.
Yeah.
I'm just one of the mentioned that you think American Airlines, you want to try their commuter
line.
American Eagle?
Yeah.
Oh.
You mean the one that would drop out of the sky for a while area?
Yeah, you better get your leather helmet and goggles on.
Makes you feel just like Snoopy, doesn't it?
Yeah, I could fill one of your programs with stories that...
No, I won't fly puddles on it.
There's under any circumstances ever again.
Right, well one comes, just one comes to my mind.
They only go to book the flight.
Yeah.
And one particular flight, there were two people in excess and everyone said no, we were sticking.
So everyone boarded the bus to go to the plane and then the bus driver said he'd not disembarking
anybody until he picked two to stay back.
So he picked two people and then there was a riot and everyone just pushed past him through
him out of his bus.
Right, a riot went up into the plane where he had more than enough seats and the outcome was they had to take half the baggage off.
So when there's some dirty work to be done, they just leave it to the bus driver.
Yeah.
I thought that was a pretty neat trick.
Sounds outstanding.
Okay, listen, a little great hearing from him.
Yeah, one quick thing.
Yes, sir.
I'm changing the subject.
I'm studying a new church over here.
I want you to be a founder member.
We're calling it the church of the Holy Guarantee.
We guarantee you a place in heaven, brother, if you give us 10% of your income.
And if for any reason you go down below, well your money's refunded in full.
And I've only got about 10 places left out of a 2000.
Okay, well Jim Baker and Jimis Wager, I think you're down to eight.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, pal.
Good luck.
Okay, thank you.
And God bless you.
Okay, 1215 is 560 WQM, it's football seat.
In opera houses everywhere, the three tenors versus the three soldiers.
The three tenors, the three soldiers.
The whole star, the old page, that match.
You remember the Mayhem last time these guys met.
Oh, you can't do that to my pal.
I don't got what's going on.
You're winning and I ought to kill you.
Oh, you'll try that one more.
I'm beginning to hate that guy.
See Curly uses deadly death claw, nuclear fire.
Oh, my guy.
See, that variety uses lethal hammerhead brain vacher.
I'm a victim of the Frankenstein.
The three tenors.
The three soldiers.
Just match 99.
I might have ruined my thing for the first five rows.
Come 18 at 560 WQM, boy, you can feel the tension.
Can you smell it?
You could cut it with a butter knife with that Marlon game coming up in the pregame at 1230.
Just 12 minutes away.
Hello there, yeah.
5607 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
I worked for American Airlines.
Yes.
And half the stuff could have been stopped because half of these guys were busted over two years ago for stealing and going through the luggage.
Right.
But if an American wants to cooperate, MetroDade had them busted on video with the evidence and then American doesn't want to prosecute.
So half of these guys would have been gone.
Another stuff.
Why does an American want to prosecute you?
I don't know.
They don't want to be known as people going through their luggage and stuff and all they want to do is.
They're trying to cover it up, sweeping it on the right.
They're trying to cover it up, but they don't want to go through it.
But if they were to go through it most of these people a long time ago, half of it would have been done with the ready.
And there's still about 20-30 guys that are known and have been busted stealing that they want to arrest or prosecute.
Beautiful.
I mean, these guys aren't cooperating.
And all they want to do is cover it up.
Okay, pal.
Thanks for the bad news.
All right.
Hang in there.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
And this is, I think of all the places that you could talk about.
American Airlines is the one institution in this town where more people who work for the company will call in in bad mouth and then tell you stories like this because they're frustrated and they're disgusted and nauseated and they're deservedly so.
So there's 85 more good reasons to just say to American and on American Airlines.
Yeah, there needs to be a major, major shake up over there, baby.
Clicking up that act in terminal C and D.
5670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I've been listening for now for the past 10 years.
I drive from plantation every day to Miami International. I work for American.
Right.
And I work on the ramp with all these guys.
Uh-huh.
You're a major problem here that you're talking about is security and everything that they do.
Just as I listened earlier, gentlemen called in about what the people get paid.
There's no way they can stop that.
There's no way.
When you have a Haitian woman who's sitting there looking at a TV screen for eight hours, how is she going to tell a record of cans from the school system anyway?
She's looking at a million of bags.
Yeah.
That's their entire security.
That's the way it works now.
The whole way it goes boiled down to is the Dave County Aviation Department now blames me for the entire security breach.
That's not my fault.
That's not not anyone that works there's problem.
That should be some other type of way to surround this.
The other way is to make me be an employee to go into the checkpoint where everyone else goes through is just out of hand.
I drive an hour to work.
Then I get a parking and employee line, which is a ways away.
Then as you've seen, C&D will be backed up all the way into the terminal sometimes to get through the gate.
Now how am I supposed to get to my work area?
I'm going to ask you this.
Why can't they make an employee just like they do with customs?
If you go to other stations, they'll do things even for like a non-roads employee from traveling.
They don't do that down there.
What you have to understand is you complain every day about how they operate down there.
They don't care because just as other people have called you and told you the paying passengers do not have a choice.
They don't have a choice.
Just as after the flight attendant strike, they came back and they cut the prices on everywhere.
They didn't cut here because the poor Hispanics that you're talking about, they have no choice.
They have no choice but to fly them.
No choice.
And then when the other day when you're talking about what the people carry on, they don't have anything.
So a lot of times we'll get blamed for toe-fridge or something like that.
You're talking about a bag that comes into a belly, the blow up and it's got like 400 pounds of canned goods.
It's got a car engine.
It's got problems.
These are things that these people constantly bring down the other day.
I was involved in a chemical spill.
A guy sent the gas canfully gas to a country.
A gas can?
A gas can.
Beauty.
These are things that get right through because they just get paid off.
What happens is someone will come in and they're taking a bag that weighs like 500 pounds and that's how it gets through.
Someone gets paid a couple bucks.
And that's the way it's always going to work.
When someone's got cash on hand, it's always going to get through.
If your answer is to put like another security guard up there, that's not going to happen.
You're just as these guys will make in thousands of dollars.
You're looking at a normal drug dealers walk around with like three grand in this pocket.
And then through 500 grand it's someone who's going to let them slide just in half the whole day.
Oh, they have to do something.
What about the other parts of the airport?
Do you think it's anywhere near as bad and the other terminals?
I'd imagine so.
It's wherever they fly.
We're getting a bad ramp because we fly to these places.
This is always going to be the problem.
And that's what it says in the paper.
I mean, my father worked at Eastern and that's always going to be.
It's not American.
It's where we fly.
It's where we fly.
And the money is just too lucrative and it's always going to be there.
Well, I know that the plane that was delayed when I was going up to Toronto last Friday was coming in from Guatemala.
Right.
Well, I was working that day.
Yeah.
You complained about the fact that the ramp was there was a nightmare.
What was going on there with that?
The ramps you see, the other guy called any image.
I made a big think about how the fact that they closed the ramp.
And he says, the one guy called a couple days ago,
the two couples going to Jamaica.
They flew in here in Jamaica and they got there before the other people.
American and our union has a contract that if lighting's in the area within five miles, we do not work.
Yeah.
Are the other idiot companies working?
What did that have to do with last Friday though?
That means that when your plane will not take off down here, then they're not going to have a plane in Toronto for you to come back on.
You understand what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And vice versa.
You couldn't get out because of that.
But there wasn't any lighting.
That's what I'm saying.
You know, when it's dark and everything like that, there's lighting around.
You may not see it in a lot of times, I'll be down there going.
There's no lightening.
But there is light.
And if it's not lightening.
But then why don't they tell us that?
You see, this is another problem that we have.
They don't tell you anything.
You sit there and you sit there and they tell you nothing.
They don't.
And the woman at the counter, the one who wound up there when they finally decided to start boarding,
she was as indifferent as anybody I've ever seen in my life.
The guy had to finally yell at her, ready to start boarding and she still wasn't paying attention.
She had to come over and practice her head over the head to hear all these people,
180-200 people that are sitting there for an hour and a half after the fact.
You know, they want to make you feel like they're going to get somewhere on time.
Most of the time they're not.
If you read the report the other day, a lot of this has to do with the other airlines.
The other airlines like Southwest and the other airlines what they're doing is they're finding that they're making more money
by sending seven air buss or a 747.
Well, what's that doing? That's jamming up the take-off route.
That's where the problems come in.
There's too many of the small airlines flying in every word.
Not small airlines, but they're very profitable.
But the problem is, is they're learning that instead of sending a point of 300 people on it,
it's better to send a point that holds like 100 people and sends three of them an hour.
Now there's just way too many points out there.
I'm not taking it side of the company, but I think I see the problem.
You understand what I'm saying?
Okay, Paul. Hang in there.
Okay. Good luck.
Sounds real pleasant.
Yeah, sounds real promising.
Not.
Anyway, it's 1225 at 560 WQM.
My wife says it really hurts the blow, you know?
Why does she have a really small mouth?
Why?
No, she's got a cold.
Her nose is all rough from the tissues.
Is that how are you talking about it?
I can ask of yourself if it works today.
The same thing as you.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
Then try a duel.
What does your mouth have to do with blowings?
It's medically proven to erase up to 24 hours of memory.
Wait a minute.
Do it.
Oh, you stick faster.
For when you really f**k up.
Come up 28 at 560 WQM.
God, how you can you smell it?
Marlon baseball, any minute.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm willing to see the studio from 10 to 2.
You're what?
I thought I would be willing to see the studio for free.
Content to 2.
I'm not for everything you say.
Okay, great.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm with you as customs.
And I just want to tell you, we had an inspector
about 2.5-3 years ago.
They brought all these security issues up to our upper management
and customs.
They did nothing about it.
They made this guy look really bad.
They turned on him.
They're practically ruined his career.
He's now a union president.
And I worked with this guy for the last five or six years.
And this type of thing that happened
had been surprising you a bit.
You know, it goes on at the airport.
As far as customs is concerned, we're under manned.
We're under funded.
And you know, it's basically all I had to say.
It's not surprising at all.
Okay, pal.
Hang in there.
Thanks.
Good luck.
You'll need it.
Okay, well, I'll need it.
But that's the way it goes.
You just, you know, make your best choice.
Isn't like I said, terminal C.
No.
No, I don't think so.
Terminal D.
No.
Huh?
I mean, the more that I heard today,
the more I'm convinced that just maybe I made the right decision
yesterday by just saying to American Airlines.
And like the guy said before, maybe not the only ones,
but you know what else he said?
He said the Marlins wait for nobody, mister.
That's what he said.
The Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM,
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Fortes Radio 560 QAM,
the flagship station of the Florida Marlins presents.
Florida Marlins' Baseball.
The
