Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and rarer, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily run task group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
If Robert Conney would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility,
I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying,
here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
You think like nearly some boys or boys of the black man,
especially a chocolate sweet or a fine screw man.
You don't think like nearly a charity troll.
You'll then know the goal or it's all anybody's business.
This guy is hoping sure.
That's a little fail right?
What's wrong with your rank and size?
What's that size?
You think of your age and size?
You think that's not a little fail right?
What?
Sprue and?
You think the big job bank you've got?
I smack your hand and bruise up your body the way you like.
Sprue and?
You get my bow, your long and strong.
You cherish your money to hold your hands no fair if it's wrong.
Roy?
You're not a big guy.
You just beat me by the side.
It's kind of bitch we've had.
You go out and do your job.
You got to take with no kids without me.
Go.
It's 10.03 at 5.60 WQ.
I'm happy Wednesday to you.
First thing I see when I come in this morning and here it is,
I've got in my hand right now in the calendar too.
Thank you whoever or whatever mystery person left this for me after yesterday show.
At least I got some response on this from somebody inside the building.
If not outside, although I did have that one slime ball that won the silly guy that called yesterday
that bragged to me about he watches bass fishing on TV.
Here's my 365 days of fly fishing calendar.
Something I've always wanted, something I have no idea how I managed to go 57 years without.
Look at this.
There's a different kind of fish and a fly.
I have a lot of experience with flies but most of them have a zipper but nevertheless.
Look at this, there's a stripe bass and there's a big mouth, one and a bass too.
And there's like a spotted and just beautiful stuff.
There we go.
Let's see.
There's lots of bass fishing on TV.
Come on.
Let's put in four or five hours sitting there watching somebody else stick his pole in the water.
Here's a great letter to the editor by the way.
From the Sun Central, here's our letter to the editor of the day.
Headlines say very short.
Headlines says make drugs legal.
Rai your editorial, fight where it will do the most good October 6th.
The last sentence reads, you want the officials clearly need to be acting where they can get the most bang for the buck.
I think the answer is simple.
Eliminate the money and you eliminate the drug dealers, pushers, growers, etc.
Otherwise legalized drugs.
Remember, prohibition says gene calder and coconut creak.
There you go, gene.
Maybe sounds a little bit radical to me.
It sounds like something Jesse Ventura or Neil Rogers might say.
Like the way things work in a real country where people are really free.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, you're just reading, definitely legalized it and we'll definitely do a lot better.
I mean, we can use so much difference for the money.
Put it towards our deficit.
Put it towards all the BFs.
How about putting some schools to the case?
You think of Nike who are you then they're telling you how does that sound?
I was just going to say that.
I'm going to teach you myself and I think that that will definitely help us out.
I mean, I have 45 students in one classroom for a classroom of 28.
It's ridiculous.
I just want to tell you, I listen whenever I can when I'm not teaching class.
I put on real audio in the computer and I'll tell you one thing.
Do not leave us.
Because you'll definitely have a lot of, hey, if you want to make us laugh, tell us we're leaving.
Because that's all it is to me.
I really love you and have a great day.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
I'll pray for your kids in school.
They need a prayer.
I don't want to get you nervous, Robert, but these monitors are just the overhead is low.
You hear what?
Oh, well, that's see, that's his level is fine, but like for the overhead it's all screwed up.
Don't start.
You just, you've been on the air for five minutes and already we're starting with technical crap again.
Jesus Christ, Christler Motors.
Now that they got the phone off, fix the legile, we have one call in here.
Let's see how line four sounds today.
Here we go.
Down, first thing you clear the beam.
Down, second thing you clear the beam.
How about line seven?
All right.
I think the phone lines are fixed.
Now we'll see if anybody calls on today, which of course is another story after the last seven or eight days.
I want to have a little bit of a problem.
They're going to a change of life.
Of course, the big story is, I'll end by the way, I don't want to, I don't tell anybody I told you this, but it's very, very, very, very, and nobody cares anyway.
Very unlikely that Pavel Berry will be playing tonight.
I would say the chances on a scale of zero are like zero, the big O.
Yeah.
Why do they keep doing that?
Why do they keep pissing off the public?
I guess that's the PR.
That's what the P.O stands for.
Pist off relations.
In the pan through a PR, they just don't get it.
They don't understand.
They can, every time they get hurt, which is like every other week, they keep coming up with it.
Oh, you know, he's got his finger sticking out their sideways and his pinky too.
But here's the thing in both newspapers.
In the sunset, they kind of downplayed it.
You have to read the injury report.
But in the hero, David J. Neal makes no bone about it with the picture in the whole deal.
Berry may play tonight.
Is he going to play?
No.
I would say, like I said, the chances on a scale of minus infinity.
They keep doing it because they really believe that if they lie to the public, that extra people will come out.
And then of course, what they don't understand is that if anybody did come out, which they won't.
But if they did, and he didn't play, they'd be pissed off.
I mean, if you came out to see P.O. Berry play against the Atlanta thrashers, and he didn't play, and you were sitting there stuck,
even with his $5.60 discount from the first team this morning, wouldn't you be pissed off?
Huh?
Yeah. So why don't you just say he's going to be out for an indeterminate time, a period of time, until he gets it straightened out in his finger too.
Why can't you just say that?
And here it is right there in the front page of the paper this morning.
I can't believe that the phone isn't ringing off the hook already about this.
All our Panther fans out there. Let's hear it.
Come on, let's go, Joel Ed.
Let's see that spirit.
We love you, Panther.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, that's ancient history. I'm sorry about that.
Right in the front of the Herald, here's a big, big fat freaking destroyer with a big fat bald-headed guy.
High-ping up plants to sell the Panthers.
Oh, I don't get panicky now.
Team has tied to a arena deal for 30 years. They can't go anywhere. So it says.
Why don't we just start a rumor that they're, you know, huh? They're moving to Betavia.
No, seriously. It's your last chance to come out because they might get sold to the Betavia Pirates guy, and they're moving to Betavia in New York.
And unless you come out tonight to see him and against Atlanta, you might never see him again.
They might be gone by Saturday before the Buffalo game if we can find a buyer.
Anybody want to buy the Panthers?
No.
And you know, one of the greatest parts of this whole deal, well, many of the greatest parts are, of course, that Wayne wins no matter what.
As usual.
So you don't understand. Why are we supposed to keep feeling bad for millionaires and billionaires?
For John Henry were supposed to, by the way, Linda Robertson finally writes a great column today.
And then Herald, nice going, Linda. Henry's numbers just don't add up.
She says he's crazy and nuts at all the other good stuff.
Nice going, Linda. They finally figured that out.
See, the Herald's interesting the way the Herald's operating lately.
What they have been doing is sticking their finger, their crooked little finger like Pavell's out the window to see which way the wind is blowing.
Just like with Mayor penis that they were so enthusiastically behind like the Penny Sales Tax.
And they saw the result of the election and all of a sudden they turned on him like a cornered rat.
And they can't say enough bad things even though they're all true about Mayor Pingha.
And now the same thing with the John Henry.
Wasn't it the Herald and the Sun sent them both telling us about all the great things that how desperately we need the goddamn stadium for the quality of life and so on.
Wasn't it our newspapers and all of a sudden like every columnist, every everything.
They're all warning us don't buy into this crap because we got more important things to take care of.
Nice going guys.
Of course, that just happened after they saw those poll numbers.
Remember those polls about what we can have on a Sunday?
And the overwhelming majority of people said no to John Henry stick it up your ass.
Okay, take your marlins go to what Geneva, New York.
Maybe the marlins from Geneva could play the Panthers from Batavia.
Not far to travel. Sounds good to me.
Give you some real cheap tickets.
Come on out there. See those Panthers tonight. You coming?
No.
Come on Panthers in Atlanta thrashers, baby.
No.
You'll have to play. In fact, I think we're going to give you three seats for the price of one.
No.
I mean, we won't give you three tickets, but you'll have three seats to sit in.
At least maybe four.
Don't say that. Well, I just said it. It's true.
Here's the gaki sucks, okay?
I had communion and my hands just started bleeding.
This man suffers from the consequences of what some might call a civilized religion.
Stigmoda, the forming of bleeding holes in the palms of the hand,
resulting from sacrificial blood guzzling.
Hello, I'm Kippit Dada for the fight against Stigmoda.
Now a lot of you don't got a part of it in case you don't want a Stigmoda,
you're afraid of ingesting the body or blood of anybody,
or you may never play handball again.
Stigmoda, it's the G-Brune.
Oh, 15 at 5.60 W-D-Q-A-M.
So anyway, the interesting parts about this.
First of all, let's hear it. I'm happy to tell about this,
because we've been hoping for a long time that we get weighing out of our face.
Remember those days when Wayne was sitting there with Don Schule,
during that big year, four years ago?
Any edge Schule down there and that whole business behind the goal?
Remember those days?
Yeah.
And there was Wayne and Marty,
and they were yelling and cheering and they were doing,
hey, go, Panthers up, all that other crap.
Now all of a sudden you can't get rid of them fast enough,
because number one, it thinks the hockey team is dragging down the stock price of Bokka Resorts,
the team's public company, which has become primarily a hotel and resort company.
So I saw new people that thought that you were buying into a hockey team.
There's another one of those bait and switch deals that were very good at here at Q-A-M,
by the way.
There's one of Wayne's bait and switch deals.
Florida Panthers are holding, so whatever they call it.
And they thought, oh, well, you know, we're going to capitalize on the popularity of the team
in that big year, four years ago to stand in the cup run,
and we're going to sell shares in it.
And so a lot of people, you know, they, for whatever reason,
they thought they were going to make money or they wanted a little piece of the team or something.
Now all of a sudden it's a hotel stock with a different name.
And Wayne says, well, this hockey team, it's dragging down my stock.
Of course, he's always got somebody or something that's dragging down his stock,
whether it's auto-nation, no matter what it is, he can't face the fact that
everything he touches lately turns to, everything his name is associated with.
Yeah. And people don't want to buy it.
So now, Boca Resorts is, they want to get rid of the pamphlets.
Cut that off and now they'll make a lot of money.
I think so.
No.
And the meantime, he's making the one's going to make a lot of money,
because he's going to sell the team for 175 million is what he's asking.
Plus, here's the best part of the deal.
Oh, yeah, he says there's no NHL salary cap, and he fears hockey player salaries
will continue to rise as they have a major league baseball,
and he'll wind up losing his ass.
In other words, he don't want to spend the money to put a quality product out there.
He did spend the money for Pavlov Murray, who never plays,
but he don't want to spend the money for any other free agents.
Did he go out there and spend a lot of money on anybody else?
No.
Which is the reason why we have this hanging over our head.
Did he spend money to go out there and get a setter that can really play with Pavlov Murray?
No.
See, this is the reason why there's so the whole organization is terrified.
Every time Pavlov has a bad bowel move, and every time he farts the wrong flavor,
oh my god, what are we going to do?
Oh, because they're interpanticos, they got all their eggs in one casket.
And you can't put all your eggs in one casket, because otherwise you die.
And that's what's happening with this, that's why nobody's showing up there.
Even though they got off to that good start, which was very fictitious,
but nevertheless, they're sitting right there at top of their division.
But anyway, the best part of the deal for Wayne not only is he going to get 175
or maybe more million for the team when he sells it, but he also, of course,
just like in the Miami arena, he controls the profits of all the stuff that goes on their inside,
the Macarena, even after he sells the hockey team.
So all the concerts that go on in there, all of these things,
he's got his big ugly fist stuck in there.
He's got his zit and festive hands, grab it all the guy damn money out of everybody's pockets,
with it without the hockey team.
So what else do you need the hockey team for?
And keep in mind, by the way, this is the same arena that the public's fed
that came up with his creative bed tax, whatever it was in Broward,
$200 million of tax money to build for the Panthers.
So cry baby Wayne, wouldn't take him and move him to Tennessee to Portland,
or whatever he kept writing to move him.
But like I said, we ought to be celebrating, we ought to be having a party,
all 20 of us who care because the team has tied to this deal for 30 years.
It's written in bronze in Braille.
They can't go anywhere for 30 years.
So who the hell needs him?
Who needs this guy?
Let's get somebody who really appreciates hockey in those sports,
like Neil Rogers to buy the team.
Huh?
So if we can get 175 million people to donate me a dollar a piece,
Neil Rogers, ink, holdings, whatever the hell you want to hold this.
Yeah.
Let's say Neil buys the team.
We'll go out there and get some good players.
We'll bring back Frank Mahabal, it's what he said to that.
All of those old guys that the beefo's always talking about.
We'll bring back Gump Orsley, how do you like that?
Who the hell these people are?
They don't know who the players are we got now.
They know Gump Orsley?
No.
They don't know the Gumpr from the Humber,
who by the way, I understand yesterday.
The Humber.
Finally had a confessional on the year.
Yeah, he had a confessional on the year,
and admitted that it's become a gambling show,
and all these boring, terminal gambling.
It's like this morning, I'm listening to the worst team for as long as I can stand it.
And I hear a caller saying,
ah, well, what about that, your children?
All they want to talk about is Yantle Green.
And like Hank says, he ain't going to play.
He hasn't played a game in three years.
He's a piece of turt.
He's even more fragile and pop-loved.
Every time he farts again, he's out for six months.
The team is seven and one.
And only in this town are they worried about Yantle Green.
And the same with these chronic sports people, man.
These gambling people.
Well, how come there's an eight and a half point spread on this game,
a Humber, and how come, you know,
I mean, you talk about terminal.
I'd rather watch Vance Fishing for 600 hours than listen to these chronic gamblers
call in and put us all in and put us out of business.
That's what you've done.
You put me out of business just because I'm stuck in the middle of it.
Look at this.
I got one call on the board there.
Even Robert, checking, you said, like,
well, we get more calls in the middle of the night when we got a tape
other than network show coming.
That's right.
We get more calls than this to show that you can't call in.
We run tape shows, we get more calls than this.
And one call, by the way, is from Naples.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
We're not all dead over here.
We listen to you once in a while.
Yeah.
Hey, why don't you come to work every other day
and just play commercials all the time and say you and-
That's not a bad idea.
We could play the commercials on alternate days and then the other
days we could have a show.
That's what I'd like for you to do.
They got too many damn commercials.
Well, I think it's brutal.
These people are grave robbers, these beasley's.
Well, I'm not over there and pick it outside their building,
say, how much is enough?
Well, I just love to save you a lot of time.
You'd like to come in every other day, wouldn't you?
I think once a week sounds good to me,
the way things are going lately, once a week sounds about NAX.
Well, have a good day anyway.
Okay, thanks so much.
All right, bye-bye.
How do my good friends and beasley's?
I'm real tight with them, you know?
That's what I hear yesterday.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
At line 9 that we just had that great call from Naples,
he was okay.
877-785-0.
877-785-6345.
Let's see right from the get-go today,
whether we're finally going to break this streak or whether we're going to continue
with like Jolton Jodamagio.
Yeah, we might just go 56 days in a row like this,
with like a desperate on the phone.
We might just do it.
Because this town is shriveled up and died,
it just, you can smell it.
It's just that accurate aroma in the ear.
You can smell it.
Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes.
You know, once we're the callers lately,
you need people like me to call.
Yeah.
That's really crazy.
Yeah, once we're getting jobs and it's out of the morons.
Okay, thanks. Call the sports show.
It's okay, you sound like one of their people.
We don't need you, sir.
We don't need ever other talk to an empty guy at the end board,
which I am anyway right now.
I'm rather talking to myself than people that sound like you.
You're one of the sports nerds.
Okay, here's our last chance,
because I got this where I got my paycheck and my pocket today,
and Robert could have a real easy day today,
because I could just play music.
I'm prepared for that.
I looked in my contract last night,
not that I'm upset about all these technical problems that they're having here,
and about the fact that we can't buy a guide damn call on this show anymore.
I'm not upset about those things,
because I, you know, I go with the flow.
And it said, you know, they pay me to do a four-hour radio show already.
And out of talk show, a four-hour radio show.
Prepare and present a four-hour radio show.
That could be music, that could be Hungarian melodies,
that could be Chinese melodies,
that could be just about anything under the sun.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Davey. Hello.
A.V.O.?
Yes, sir.
I got you.
I want to ask you a question about the Panthers,
if you can't enjoy the revenue from the Confedian stands.
It beats me.
Why would you end up operating the past if they can't taste it?
It beats me. It's right.
Yeah, but if you ever tasted the stuff from those concession stands,
you don't want to taste it.
I don't think so.
No.
Well, that's absurd.
Okay. Good point.
Can't understand these callers either, by the way.
Please don't tell me that the phone,
that they're over the phone like this in here today,
because that's what they sound like so far.
I was assured by our astute program director this morning,
long before the beginning of the show,
that these phones that they went through with the fine tooth come,
and that they were all going to sound spectacular,
like these people were sitting right in the next room.
And so far, they're called a formal occult.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to get nervous, but so far,
I'm getting pretty goddamn nervous.
Here's a mobile in Pompedo. Hello.
How are you, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Did you know that the dolphins have performed exorcisms
on their opponents the last few weeks?
You knew what.
They got Damien, don't they?
Okay.
Here's the world Palm Beach. Hello.
World Palm Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Faggy. My goal.
Yeah, okay. Thank you.
Like I said, Chinese melody sounds real good to me.
Where are we going, Robert?
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Okay.
Last week I was driving around,
and I saw bumper cigarettes,
that atheism is the cheapest religion.
Like that? No.
Well, let me ask you,
did you see that report by Ariadz last night?
No.
Did you hear about it enough?
Report on what?
He did a thing on how there's about a million speeding tickets
given each year,
but about 50,000 of them are not a dead dismiss,
because the cops don't even show up.
Right.
Why is it telling people that?
I mean, that's how people get off speeding tickets on all of you.
So what's wrong with that?
Why should we give all these speeding tickets?
Unless you're endangering other people's lives,
unless you're going really, really, really fast,
then why is it anybody's business?
Well, also, more important is that what you want to pay your police to do
is sit up radar or traps, speed traps, that what you want?
No, me. No, I'm saying why is he following
giving a report like that?
I mean, when I get a speeding ticket,
I don't want the cops to show up, you know? No one does.
Yeah.
I mean, I go to court so that the cops doesn't show up.
Okay, well, slow down.
Oh my God.
Oh, that's literally, literally, literally, literally,
literally, literally, literally, literally, literally,
you see, are they concerned about the Panthers?
No. I'm telling you, I've been telling you this for years.
There was no interest.
That was all such a typical front-running phony.
It was like the Marlon World Series thing.
Exactly the same thing.
It was a one-shot deal.
And everybody jumped on the bandwagon.
They had those banners hanging out the windows of their cars.
They're driving up in Donorow.
They're doing their honky routine, honking the corn, all over town.
We love you, Pan. Come on, let's hear it.
Yeah, we know.
No, we don't.
No, we don't.
This is the phony as God damn mother scratch in town.
You'll ever find in your life and don't you ever forget it.
There is absolutely no interest.
And that's the most pathetic part.
Is they keep lying about Buray made play.
And he's going to go out there and practice for 30 seconds.
And then take his pinky and run back into the room
and do whatever he's doing.
Do somebody.
And in the meantime, nobody cares anyway.
If they came on right now, if we had a call right now
from the spokesman.
And he said he's playing tonight for sure.
There wouldn't be three extra people coming out there.
No, no.
So what do you keep lying about for Christ's sake?
Leave that to us.
That's what we have expertise at here at QAM.
We're the lying experts.
We invented it.
26 after 10 at 560 WQM.
No offense football.
In port radio.
560.
Q.
A.
God.
Harry Callahan is back.
And now he's passing out flowers and airports.
Hey pal.
What about a carnation for your lady friend?
No thanks.
Come on, pal.
Make my day.
Okay.
What he's for is dirty Harry Krishna.
You know, in all this excitement, I don't know if I said these six flowers are only five.
But Tina's how Krishna is most powerful being in the whole universe.
And he blew all my hair clean off.
You got to ask yourself one question.
So what's that?
You like my orange smock?
We do yes.
Pump.
Play these words.
It's just me.
Smith and Wesson.
And it's Dalila.
He is dirty Harry Krishna.
No judging at an airport near you.
1032 at 560 WQM.
I think I got the solution for all our problems.
We're going to turn this into a hockey show.
We can get it down to about a 0.1 share.
We can get right in there with the babbling brook before the end of the year if we really work on it.
And put our heads together.
Yeah, let's get room around here and do a couple more hockey shows.
How do I ever survive those?
Just astonishing.
There are six people.
I keep saying 10, 20.
There are six of us.
Maybe the Kleinbergs and my friend Ron from Philly and me.
And that's about it.
John don't care anymore.
About four or five of us have cared.
And arrested people.
Let's go fly fishing instead.
Let's go check out some flies.
Here's this Jesse Jackson crap by the way which has me very, very pissed off.
Because on the one hand maybe he's got a pretty good point.
Because they just had this riot at the game here just a couple nights ago right here in town.
These farces.
But you know it's common these things happen when you get a whole bunch of crazy kids together in a high school football game.
And they get a little bit of all juiced up and all psychotic.
And somebody says some starts talking trash.
You know.
But the only thing that really disturbs me about this thing in Decatur, Illinois.
These expelled teenagers charged with felonies.
Now it's not so much that they were charged with felonies.
And they showed the video tape on CBS 6,000 times last night.
So I'm sure some of you saw it.
Now when they showed that little clip there on the one hand it looks really grotesque.
And like you know he's noticed those to handful of white kids are all running for their lives.
Like oh I'm getting out of here.
Which I can't blame them.
But nevertheless it looks pretty bad.
But then Jesse says well it's only 17 seconds.
No guns, no knives, no shootings, no stabbings, no drugs.
But no lights.
See I wonder if those kids that were, you know, I wonder if the six kids who were expelled were all white.
You think Jesse would be up there?
No.
Indicator, Illinois making a big grandstanding again.
No.
He says it's not race.
He says it's about fairness, not about race, fairness.
That's the issue.
That's the other way he says that issue.
I just love the way he'd be talking at the Jesse.
He's something else.
He's a crap.
Just another grandstanding.
I don't get it.
So in other words these kids who are riding and then jeopardizing the lives of the other people in those stands and creating a goddamn disturbance in the scene and a school wants to make a stand on it.
And evidently they examine the video replay and they probably had to referee from the football game come in and look at the video replay thing.
Oh yeah we're going to start looking at brawls like that too.
You have two minutes to take a look at this and then give us your decision.
And a referee stepped away took his head out from under that little hood, little white hood.
And he stepped away from that thing and he says hey you spark this you're out.
Like that like a baseball umper you're out which is not usually a football thing but nevertheless this is a little bit extraordinary.
Jesse Jackson is this a racial thing or what is it Jesse if those kids were white kids that were expelled from the same school and the same goddamn city if they were white would Jesse Jackson be there?
No.
Absolutely positively effing not.
Everything is race every time somebody does something barbaric and unacceptable and grotesque it's a racial issue and he's always right there with his thumb on it.
Grandstanding for funding profit.
Here's Miramar hello.
Hey Neum.
Yes sir.
Brother of God.
Sorry I called you before he started talking about Jesse Jackson.
Anything you like pal that's what they shows all about.
Listen I wish I-
We'll take anything these days the way things are going to last seven or eight days.
We'll take anything if you want to sit there a little bit more like that.
I'm entertaining.
I love your show so much.
Everybody loves the show they just got nothing to say anymore that's the problem.
I went to Las Vegas man we're out of business yes sir.
I went to Las Vegas for the first time a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah.
I got there and this is a story of how Neil changed my life.
Yeah.
I got there about one in the morning going there if that's the place I could get with the Howard Johnson's right by the airport there.
So I go into the room and they had a little basket on the on the bathroom counter.
And I was going through it to see what was in the in the basket head.
I put this soap in the shower and there was everything a lotion.
Get a lotion in the basket.
I picked it up.
I didn't know.
I put it back in the basket and I got there and said like God I just put the lotion in the basket.
All right.
Excellent.
Yeah and I had a great time.
Yeah.
Okay.
And then was there was the highlight of your trip to Vegas?
No I had dinner with the heroes.
No actually the Vegas was pretty cool but I don't have nothing against Gamblin but I don't know how to do it too much.
Yeah.
So they had a ride with you?
Well usually lucky schmucks like you they would have a big jackpots.
I had my first international trip.
Yes where it was.
Milano.
Milano?
Yes Milano.
Loads.
Well yeah there's not much of a tourist down there.
That's a little Havana on a bad day after a bomb blast.
Hey having never been to Italy?
It was.
Oh you were in Milano.
I thought you went to I thought you mentioned Madrid.
Milano?
Milano's okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like speaking bomb blast you know how they do but coming out of the hotel and the police is they get back in, get back in.
Yeah.
And it turns out somebody left a brief came out there and there was nobody to claim it and the police blew it up.
All right.
Was it the carbonary?
Was it the dark suited police with the real black outfit?
I think so.
I don't remember.
We just want bomb police.
Okay Tom Red had a good time with Howard Johnson.
There's one of our people baby.
He went to Vegas and he stayed at Howard Johnson.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
Eight seven seven seven eight five NIL.
Seven eight five sixty three forty five on our Florida line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How you doing NIL?
Okay.
The problem with people like Jesse Jackson is you just kind of people some power.
They will, if they had it their way they would screw the white man and they really would.
I think they would make everything preferential treatment for the white man.
I think that a lot of black people think it's okay for them to be racist because they're entitled to do it.
Because of all the injustices of the past that somehow that gives them the right to be racist and hate honkeys.
Which I'm not buying into that.
I think that's a pile of crap.
What they still understand is everyone and every type of people have suffered some sort of racism or some sort of beatings or killings.
It's not just the blacks and why they get preferential treatment.
I will never understand the Jewish people.
They've been hated throughout throughout the beginning of time.
Oh yeah.
Everyone.
I mean Catholics.
It's just not blacks and why they get a special cause and a special.
I think it is because you know what the white man, I really believe it's scared of the black man.
So we'll pass the black man.
We'll pass the black man.
They saw all these crazy people start with this crap and they ran like, you know, let me out of here please.
Well I just think it's disgusting.
Are these people still get preferential treatment and people like Jesse Jackson.
Oh Jay, it looked like they're me like I just turned into a jungle jam right there in the bleachers to me.
Yeah, but you know what they're all schmutz is that's how they act.
Okay.
There you go.
See there's another, there's another Jew with a attitude.
J.W.A. Jew with an attitude.
Yeah.
56670560, pound 5, of course he may have a point.
560 on the 18T line.
That's Lordaline baby.
Is it smoking?
No.
That is Adornail.
8777856345.
21 before 11, Eric QA.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM, B.P. Reed acquisition court.
Now over 500 others to choose from.
The Florida lottery offers more ways for you to lose.
Hello.
I'm Bob Butterworth and by now you're aware of my moral crusades against the Jeavals of gambling and sex.
And that's why I'm proud of the Deuteronal lottery because hopelessly agonizing over thousands of numbers might help the spirits those of you who embrace the sin of gambling.
And of course all proceeds to go towards education.
So scratch your bubbles and don't pick the balls with the babies inside to win.
They are new Florida lottery.
There is something fishy going on.
Say kid, what's real bad for you but chase real good.
Suck it!
And what gives you the excess energy to drive Mom crazy?
Suck it!
So what redness cereal will you tell Mom to buy?
Next time she goes shopping.
Suck it!
Suck it!
Suck it!
Two super sugar coated sugar shockers are little bits of raw cane.
It's wrenched in honey and coated with powdered sugar.
Glucose, fructose, corn syrup and other natural sweeteners.
And they just like sugar coated sugar.
Right.
Because there's no yucky vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun.
Yeah!
How does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating.
I'm going to try to vibrate.
And this is okay.
I'm going to try to vibrate.
I'm going to try to vibrate.
And Mom's a long sugar jockey stew.
Close inside every box.
There's a free bottle of new Flintstones tubal valium.
So fly in two super sugar coated sugar shockers.
From your friends at irresponsible food.
1045 at 560 WQM.
So Greg Reed just told me.
So anyway, 560 at 0560 just relax.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And of course the AT&T line.
Look at that.
Mobile in Orlando.
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, sir.
Do you think most of the audience is listening to prop?
What is it?
Do you think most of the audience is listening to prop?
Do you have like a sock over there?
Obviously, you're not.
Yeah, over the internet.
Yeah, over the internet.
Mostly YouTube.
Yeah, there you go.
Well, maybe they're listening to both.
Maybe they have one in the right ear or one in the left ear.
Maybe they have an herd of Harvey wiremen enough.
I have no idea what it is.
Do you think most of the audience is listening to Phil?
Let's take a poll on that today, sir.
Do you have like him anymore?
No, that's not the point.
The point is I'm here to do my show.
Whether I like him or don't like him, OK?
I'm here to do my show.
That's a great point.
We're both great, but you have a good time with Phil, OK?
In Orlando.
He called me from Orlando with a sock over his phone.
You know what I mean?
No, no, no.
Oh, these are the...
See, this line.
This line was supposed to be for the real world.
Not just for Florida.
Oh, my God.
I've had 23 years of talking to people in Florida already.
And lately, so let's find out, is everybody listening to Phil?
If you're listening to Phil right now, call this number.
5, 6, what are you laughing about?
They can still call me and listen to Phil at the same time.
If they want to hear those Harvey wiremen tapes again, you know,
and Margaret and those same 6, 7, but the Bob Green.
You know, it's very funny the first 400 times.
And he's a good talent.
But I'm sitting here like try to make a living.
I'm not going to just sit here and roll over.
Hey, Phil, you know, I already gave him a lot of publicity,
a lot of promotion.
He's already gotten the news paper last Friday.
I've been here for two years with these gigantic numbers,
bringing in these people millions and millions of dollars.
Do I have a newspaper and...
Oh!
Do I have a guy named Bill Boer?
Do I have a sandwich board?
I'm Lincoln Road Mall?
No.
Do we have anything?
No.
No.
We got a General Manager just comes in here.
I'm telling him the equipment is like in the toilet again.
He's going like that.
He's going...
Yeah, nice going, Greg.
God, you do that so well, because you got so much practice.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you see Channel 10 News last night?
I never watched Channel 10 News.
It's against my religion.
They did an ex-Live on...
I'm going to be going and working there.
On Dave County School Administrators and on Burgess degrees.
Yes, sir.
Why should they be different from the lawyers, the doctors,
the broadcasters, everybody else in this town,
is bogus.
Why should they be different?
I know, I agree.
It was on drivers.
It was on a little basis.
It was on an anti-Mama's driving a bus that put your kids' lives in jeopardy.
Nobody cares about their kids.
I don't understand this town.
No, I know.
It's absolutely incredible.
They did a thing on the W. Superintendant and his PhD.
The guy actually received credit towards his PhD
for being a licensed real estate agent.
Yeah, well, that's close.
At least you've got some kind of a license anyway.
Yeah, absolutely.
Maybe even as a driver's license, that's two out of three, ain't bad.
You got to...
I mean, we wonder where our kids are.
A bunch of more on it.
No, our kids are a bunch of more on it's not because of those people.
It's because the public here doesn't care about their kids.
They couldn't give a flying crap less about education here.
Every time they put a school tax proposal on a ballot, it goes down in flames.
Every time we come on here and start screaming the out about kids who can't get fed lunch in school,
about kids going to school in portable toilets, all this other stuff.
Nobody cares.
But basically, we want to hear about this.
It works because 90% of the population down here is people over the age of 99.
The age of 100 and a bunch of babbling trailer park trash.
I guess I have no idea who these people are here.
I get out there in a highway on I-95 or on a turn bike.
I look to my left, I look to my right, and I say those people aren't my listeners.
I mean those people would never listen to my show.
Those people aren't even... they're not in the same race.
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm not talking about color race.
They're not in the same breed.
I know.
What plan... what spaceship did they just hop off of?
Well, good luck, guys.
Good luck, pal.
Yeah.
567-0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T Line.
Our poll question today, are you all listening to Phil?
And is that why we can't buy any more calls on the show?
That's what the guy in Orlando says.
Who's busy sticking his nose in there.
Even though he's listening to this show and calling me.
With a sock over it.
Yeah, put a sock on it, pal.
Oh, he's got a sock on it?
I bet.
We'll see if the sock hop.
Here's the pompano. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Mr. Roger?
Okay, sir.
Okay, I'm calling reference to the whole company you was thinking about.
To the what?
To the company you were thinking about.
Just a gesture earlier?
Yes.
And I feel like the man, he's real powerful and not just to the black community.
And the white community, you try to reach out and touch everybody, anybody in the community.
Well, when's the last time he went to a school in all white school,
where there's a situation like this and try to get a bunch of all white kids off the hook?
Sir?
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
I'm still here.
I'm asking you a question.
Okay, okay.
When did the last thing you did?
We saw about Jessica.
I beg your pardon?
When the last time, do you just finally want to start?
It's a pretty story, Richard.
How about when he went over there to Syria and got to goddamn a prisoner's parade?
How about that?
They were white guys, weren't they?
Okay.
Let's hear it for Jesse, baby.
Oh, my man.
Hello.
Get out of here.
I don't like him.
Okay.
I mean, some days he's okay and then we start talking about Heimitown again.
You know, I start getting real nervous, you know.
Oh.
And then he's got the Hutzpah to come on here and talk about discrimination against the fags and the Jews.
And he's talking about Heimitown.
Oh.
You know, I have to be a little bit suspect.
I have to raise three eyebrows when I hear some sports are come on.
And start talking about those people in Heimitown.
And then pretend he's this great libertarian, this great, or humanitarian, whatever the hell he is.
He's an opportunist is what he is.
He's an opportunist.
He's a media whore is what he is.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neal.
How are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I've got your show a little bit later than usual today.
Did you talk about this situation with the labor and the poor Miami today? Have you heard about that?
No, I have not.
Well, yesterday all the truckers blocked the port of Miami because it seems like the unions now want to make every trucker that goes into the port needs to be a union driver.
They need to be part of the union.
And they're basically, you know, this is a season in which those of us in the industry know that Christmas and all the cuddle for Christmas moves now.
And now they're trying to just grind everything to a standstill and they're trying to get more power in the union.
I want to see what you thought about that or if with any other powers.
Who's trying to get more power?
The unions are.
They don't want anyone that's a private trucker driving into the port of Miami.
No, they understand this is Florida.
We don't give a crap about unions here. This is Florida.
Tell them they'd better take a look at the map and see what it's shaped like, okay?
They get the message.
They brought the port to stop and it's absolutely crazy. Yesterday they arrested like five truck drivers because they got this off and they went ahead and they blocked off the port.
They basically parked their truck there and wouldn't let anyone in or out.
Well, don't let those crucian passengers in there.
I'm all on your side, man. I'm all for you.
You have a good one.
Welcome to Mickey, baby.
All right.
All right.
That God, then Mickey, Harrison, that's phony, balloon.
When is the hero going to start giving us editorials about that?
It's that expose about the airport 20 years too late.
What are they going to give us exposed days at all the money that the Harrison, that their good partner in crime is sucking out of the county, huh?
Sucking it out. When did doubty sucks it out?
That's Mickey, Harrison, for you.
He just plain sucks.
You see that story about that carnival cruise ship from September 20th where they had the fire. You didn't see that?
Oh, that was lovely.
Not going to worry about it.
He had the got this recorded announcement.
The meantime, the person that made the announcement, he's long gone. He hold ass.
He got under God, then a little rubber raft. He's gone.
No panic. There's nothing to worry about. It's just a God damn fire. That's all. Don't worry. You'll be okay.
You're going to die.
Yeah.
No refunds, by the way.
Yeah. You people that go on these cruise ships, man. You need serious. You need mental help.
What are you thinking about? That's a vacation.
No.
Going on a goddamn boat with a bunch of guys smelly people.
You can go out there and get the, you know, a hundred miles.
And just like the one that went out there in that hurricane that time and vanished, I read a whole article on that New Yorker.
Big articles. Yeah, they just went out there in the middle.
Oh, they tried to, you know, run, run from the hurricane. Did they make it?
No.
No.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
First of all, that guy from Orlando found it like Jack Nicholson Order in front tries.
Yeah.
Exactly right. I think you're a Rick put him up to it.
I'll tell you. I've got one thing. First of all, does Jesse Jackson even have a real job?
No. No.
He's just wild.
He's like the Bob Coons of the black community. He never had a real job. I never worked on him on his day in his life.
Seriously?
Why don't you, but you're forgetting he's a preacher, man. He's a minister.
He held a pastor's preacher. He had Jerry Falwell on his show on CNN this weekend.
And they were kissing each other's fat parts.
Yeah, he'd be helping people.
Yeah. Anyway, stick to his nose. He's a, he's a troublemaker. He's a professional rabble rouser.
And sticking, you know, if they want to charge those kids with felonies, they must have the evidence to do it.
You know what I'm saying?
No, no kid.
Yeah, this, this the America.
That's right. All this barbaric crap is going to have to stop now, whether it's white kids or sparser kids or whatever they'll it is.
We're not going to put up with it.
Yeah, stop.
F&A, baby.
Well, listen, last night I was flipping it in the channels, too.
Yes, sir.
And I put on ESPN and Don King was on there.
No, boy. I talked about a bag sparser, man. With a bad hairdo.
Yeah, no kid.
Listen to this thing.
You're really killed that.
That's a guy, you know, but anyway.
That's what I was going to say.
Yeah.
Listen to this statement.
First of all, he's made probably like $100 million more than me.
Okay?
I've never killed anybody.
Yeah.
And this is his statement.
He says, I was discriminated as soon as I came out of the womb.
I was discriminated against as soon as I came out of the womb.
I come to go into the rubber womb.
Yeah, go back to the womb.
I have a good day now.
Okay, back to you.
That's what they say.
Go back to your womb.
It's just a fire.
God damn it.
You're not going to drown.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Sure.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T line.
If you're listening to the Phil Henry show right now on Stupid Talk, call us and tell us about it.
And I'll feel real bad.
Well, I feel bad.
No.
But nevertheless, you know what I'm saying?
Are you sure?
Positive.
Guy from Orlando, rabble rouse, there probably works for Chief Channel No Doubt.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Yes, sir, Mr. Rogers.
Good morning, P.
Yes, I am.
A little bit upset that guy on Orlando called about 12 Henry.
He kind of ruined my gig.
I was going to talk to you about Phil.
But a couple of things.
How about the sunset and all the mining hailed and the standing from the National Hockey League?
Again.
How did they continually put the South Eastern Conference on top of the Eastern Division?
And it goes by alphabetical order, right?
And it always goes at the Grammy.
That's really nip-picking.
If they could just get the information right, that would be good enough for me.
That's very good.
I was going to be in that question.
I was getting raped in four Myers-U of the day, who was on top.
But anyway.
Well, Mr. Russo has out.
Mr. Russo?
Well, Michael.
That putt-wacker, Michael Russo.
Yeah.
And he should have that.
The one's more information and give it to us and just not only to pull it to Panthers.
The Panthers aren't the only people in the National Hockey League.
Yeah, only on Sundays.
They had that one big page because they have that extra room.
But other than Sunday, they give you crap.
All right, I go through the hockey news.
Let me ask you this.
Why should they give you hockey information in the town where nobody cares about it?
I do.
Here's the front page story.
Heiseng is going to sell the team.
And I can't get nobody cares.
I do.
Get the hockey.
You guys want to be there for the water to win this?
Nobody cares, man.
All right.
I'll see you guys.
The other thing, wait a minute.
What's the thing about Jesse?
Yeah.
How about holding people responsible for their action?
Right.
Black or white.
That's what I'm talking about.
The other thing.
I don't care if they're black or white, fry the rest.
Absolutely.
I'm going to correct that.
And closing journal, let me go.
They're black or white if they're cute, they'll do them.
Yes.
And we're doing with the dolphins and the buffalo builds coming up.
Yeah.
Who might be able to screw some of that burger, blah, blah, blah.
You got it, baby.
You got it.
You won't hear that in the goddamn Phil Henry show.
Stick that in your...
And puff on it.
Oh, God.
Finally, there's a little sign of life here all of a sudden.
A guy from Orlando, I think, woke these bastards up a little bit.
Well, we've been wondering where to help you all worry, you know?
We've been wondering where you were last several or eight days.
Maybe taking a long rip and winkle, which I couldn't blame in his town.
Because it's so goddamn boring here.
Oh, my God.
Is it boring or what?
Uh-huh.
157 and 560 QM.
Head cap with nose the scores.
Starting in pan, double-last pain in.
We've died only on sports radio, 560 Q-A-L.
W-Q-A-L.
We're coming down.
We're going to the sports bar, Dale.
I'll drive.
Well, Buffalo has a football team.
The greatest in the land.
And everybody thinks that great.
I say daily, huh?
The Buffalo Bill.
Starting out for once.
See what I mean?
So just sing along.
When you say Miami, when you say Buffalo, Super, Super.
And here's that Buffalo Bells.
Buffalo Bells.
The greatest team in the history of human race.
And a Buffalo Bells.
The greatest team.
Since life's bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go.
And your chance up that redneck stuff.
Listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet God, listen to that.
When you say Buffalo, Bill, you don't sound so redneck, you do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you Bill Fands?
Here we go.
Where's the Buffalo Bells at the best team?
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl for a time.
Which is what I can say for this scum circumcised.
And they're the greatest.
Because they really like their uniforms.
They share his hair, beats their heck.
I'd have had enough fish on the helmet.
Cause stand up.
Buffalo, oh Bill.
Okay.
The best football team.
What I ever seen in the history of my life.
They are the Buffalo Bells.
The Buffalo Bells.
The whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarter back in the league.
Everybody, the Buffalo Bells.
Get the Buffalo Bells.
And they've been around longer than the stinking rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bells.
Buffalo Bells.
What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish?
What is a Buffalo Bell?
1103 at 560 WQM.
And wouldn't it be really something if the bills by some miracle actually won that game on Sunday?
Wow, that would be bad.
Wouldn't that be bad?
No.
That little Doug Flutey out.
Who know what they playing last Sunday.
It actually was kind of an interesting game for about five minutes.
Who would they play on the Redskins?
Wow, what a Redskins blow.
There was the owner of the Redskins by the way that paid $800 million for the franchise.
He's about 10 years old, but he, you know, made a lot of money in a corner or something.
And 800 million paid for the team.
He's up there watching his team just get decimated.
And Flutey's running around.
And he's spaking guys out.
You see, Jack's draft playing all over the goddamn field.
Because Doug Flutey is like, he's invasive and elusive and magical.
How many people would like to have Doug Flutey as the quarterback on the dolphins as opposed to Damon Heward?
Not as opposed to Danny Boy.
You've been ripping him off, okay?
Just because he's got those funny looking lips.
Ungrateful bastards.
God, I just can't, I can't get over that.
I can't believe it.
This man has broken every goddamn record except some old 78s.
That's right.
Every record you could imagine.
His play has been magical.
Has he ever really had a running game to play with?
No.
Has he ever had any real major big name running back?
No.
Has he ever had a goddamn very sandwich or a thirmin' tomat?
No.
Or I haven't sent nobody like that.
Nobody of that caliber.
That performance.
And you know something, these people are forgetting.
He got injured on that third downplay in a close game.
He got bushwack, baby.
He got slaughtered.
That's where he got that goddamn pig's nerve.
And he almost got killed.
He still gets up, gets the fourth downplay off and throws the touchdown to win the game.
How many people would like to have seen him drag off the field after third down?
Let's put Damon in there now on fourth down and let him throw the touchdown pass to win again.
Anybody want to see that?
No.
I don't think so.
Or maybe he'll run it in.
Or maybe he'll just drop back and get sucked again.
For the 600th time.
You know I see you just, you know, you see what you want to see.
You see what you want to see.
See this?
Here's the West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil, how are you today?
Okay, sir.
Hey, you know about the school.
I'll tell you something.
You'd be very happy to not have children in Georgia back me up on this dealing with anyone
in the public school system.
It's like going to public and getting the guy that watches over the produce on Sunday evenings
and trying to ask him to rebag you some grapes.
Yeah.
It's not going to happen.
No.
It's it's sad to deal with anyone.
Second point.
Of course the bills will rule the dolphins because we can because they own the dolphins in the last 10 years.
I don't know.
I don't know about that.
They're over pretty weak.
They're older.
No old team, you know.
Yeah, the dolphins are just 82 on that team.
But the dolphins have no heart.
There's the difference.
One question for you.
I mean they have no heart.
They got a horse who up there.
It's your plus.
They got a shot.
They got a shot, baby.
Absolutely.
They can be really, really special.
They can go for a shot.
One question for you.
Of course you know about shots because they hire the all gangsters for the team.
Anyway, you know it's about gunshots.
One question for you.
It's not two ponders.
Were you still in the western New York area when the Domarina was open at the Monor County Fairgrounds?
No.
No.
Okay.
The Domarina.
The Domarina were.
In Monor County Fairgrounds.
I never heard of it.
Yeah, it's a Domarina for room.
For what?
It was a arena where they had concerts later on.
They moved a lot about a little bit.
Is there IT play there?
I don't know if they played there now.
They were too high.
Did they play their games there?
No, but Leroy I've played.
You know what?
And that's the home of the world's biggest douchebag.
Jim Longney.
What's that?
It's a good friend and douchebag from Leroy New York.
Jim Longney.
I thought we were going to say can and dig one.
We don't douchebag and can and dig one.
Just a lot of farmers.
And also a fellow man out there, the buffet is now open.
Okay, thanks.
Take care.
The buffet is open, folks.
Hi.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, NEO, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45 on our front.
We have a Florida line.
If you're listening to Phil Henry right now call us immediately in the Guinness Report.
Here's plantation, hello.
Hi, NEO.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Okay.
I just want to tell you a little story that was told to me about Jesse Jackson.
Yes, sir.
I knew one of the guys that was one of the hostages that was taken over in Kuwait about ten years ago.
And he was telling me that when they were flying out of Kuwait with Jesse, I think they were going to London.
He was very specific telling all the hostages that the first person coming off the plane is going to be me.
Right.
And I'm going to be holding this child.
And if you remember.
What's wrong with that?
I mean, talk about a photo opportunity and bring him back to Haunted's.
You're the first one off the plane with a little of starving kidney rhymes.
How do you look?
What could be better than that?
Yeah, well that was the prime importance of his trip going back.
Is he wanted to be the first one off the plane holding the kid to get all the publicity.
Forgetting about people, you know, they were...
But he's a Baptist minister.
He wouldn't be a publicity hon.
What'd he be in about this minister?
Oh, yeah, I guess he would.
Just like Jerry Falball.
Well, that's just another side of it.
And regarding your question about Phil, I've tried to listen to him at night and it's just boring.
Yeah.
It's the same old stuff over and over again.
I mean, you know, I love Phil, but it's just the point is that I've tried two or three times and a Harvey wireman
and what's your name?
Margaret Gray and the Bob Green voice with another name to it.
And you know, what Phil does is very entertaining at certain times.
But when you only do like...
When you can only do seven or eight voices and it's the same ones all the time, once you're on to the act,
I'm sure that he's going to be gigantic in the markets where they never heard him do stuff before.
But when we've heard it for years already, you know, it's kind of hard to keep it up so to spend.
And one last thing...
And you know, maybe he'll kick ass.
I have no idea.
I wish him all the luck in the world just not from the tendinoon.
One last thing, you know, I try to listen to Hank in the afternoon because it's very stupid.
Yeah.
It's very convenient when you sign off at two o'clock, he comes on.
Right.
You know, I think sometimes he's entertaining when he's talking about football or baseball,
but you know, last week he started with this breeders cup going into the gambling.
Well, he admitted that yesterday that he realizes that...
I've been...
Because I like Hank and I like his show when he's talking when he's doing his thing.
But when he starts getting sidetracked by these compulsive gamblers,
it's like listening in on a GA meeting.
You know, here's all these compulsive gambling.
When I like to gamble too, but I'm just talking to talk about it in the year.
It's not interesting.
It's boring.
Right.
Chameless request?
Yes, sir.
A couple months ago I heard the bit that you played.
I think it was Richard Simmons in a sleep boy camp or something like that.
Richard Simmons is a fool.
As a council and a sleep boy camp?
Okay, I'll look for him.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Richard, come on, Richard.
5, 6, 7, come out.
Come out wherever you are, Richard.
He won't come out.
Now, go back in, like I said, Richard.
We got enough embarrassment already.
Please go back in.
I'm praying.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
It's 10 past 11 here at QAM.
Wake up with the first team.
Joe Rhodes, Jeff DeFarris and Steve Goldstein.
Weak day mornings at 6.
Only on sports radio, 5, 6, 8, 7.
That's the plan, I'm a little bit...
...buffaloes, still.
Fuck.
Oh!
Having trouble falling asleep?
Yeah, every night I try counting sheets with a stick.
Well, now you can relax with a new limited time offer that stints in a different way.
It's the best of our doors.
Our doors? I want to be a sleep, not comatose.
Shut up and listen to this.
And we have this today because I created the internet.
Wow, I'm feeling drowsy already.
That's right.
After just a few minutes of listening to Democratic presidential hopeful Al Gore,
you'll forget what's bothering you and start thinking about who's bothering you.
I love the environment.
Because environmentally speaking, without an environment,
the world would be a terrible environment in which to raise our children.
I can't keep my eyes open.
Yes, you'll drift off to the land of Wink and Blanket and Nod,
as you subject yourself to the most uncharismatic public figure in the history of American politics.
I have made an illegal phone call or two in my office,
but at least I didn't have the listed sex in there.
It's true. Nothing puts me in the mood to be unconscious.
More than the vice president.
Well, I've been in office.
My wife...
She's done.
Get yourself out of the way, today.
And tonight, you'll be sleeping like this.
You're the best of Al Gore.
I'm seating in Cassad just called 1-800-
It's 11-16 at 5-16-2-2-2-2-2-2-1.
Here's a fact from Grace who says it's an abomination that Ray Whitney is not listed on the NHL All-Star Balance for the Panthers.
Who picks this? A bunch of retards, Grace.
She says, I can understand Pavel and Robert Spaylow, but Victor Coslov, good points, we'd art.
Victor Coslov couldn't stick it in an empty net in the puck either.
Let's write his name in a way to get the All-Star Balance there on Saturday night for the Buffalo Game Saturday.
And by the way, speaking of Buffalo in a Buffalo game,
Fatboy comes up here again this morning.
Fatboy, you know, Jeff Hyde,
Waddles in here this morning with Copy for Dis...
This is the fourth try, Fatboy, as he got one account on his show yet.
No.
Keeps bringing me copy for a fan of accounts that don't exist, that don't pay any money, that...
Longing for us, too.
Yeah, who knows what that was going on.
Nice going again, Fatboy.
Keeps sucking up those evils. They're paying me anyway, I don't care.
Well, that's a great story. I could tell you that.
But I won't.
Here's a fact from our friend, Alan and the keys, who says they can't even get their lives straight,
meaning the Panther Organization.
Yesterday on the worst team, Brian's brother said the doctors in Edmonton said it would be a tremendous risk for Brady to play with his fractured pinky.
The Edmonton game was when, the night this means they obviously knew immediately after the game about the pinky.
If that were the case, why Friday, two days later, with the Vancouver papers filled with articles about Brady's return that night,
and how this is going to be the biggest conox game since the 94 series with the Rangers,
it wasn't until Friday afternoon, after the rarely filled GM place was sold out, that the announced an X-ray had just revealed the broken finger,
and that Brady would not play, by the way, folks, no refunds.
They'll add, I was told I don't want to mention it and told me, but they're lucky they didn't have riots during Vancouver.
There were a lot of very hostile angry people.
Does it make sense that the Panthers would wait till two days, that they would wait two days to get around X-raying a badly broken finger under Superstar?
No.
And the worst team just let it slide by, of course, I don't know.
And Geldie, he's busy ripping the gig in the Donald.
Poor old Jigs, baby, underlined the old part.
Yeah, and Alan says, probably I'll play tonight and I'll be in goal, meaning him.
Yeah, there's about an equal chance, I'd say.
Thank you so much.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We have about 20% of our audience left, the rest of our listening, not to fill, not to, that's Smegmo 103.5 with that disco music.
They're all listening to those two live Jews on the fan.
There you go.
You know, I got the actual whole rating book I listed at home, I should have brought it in again.
Not only, they're not even listed.
That's how they didn't, they don't exist.
They don't exist.
This was a front page story by the Anxious Barry Jackass, the same one who wrote about Wayne Hypinga, so on the Panthers today, by the way.
So you have to kind of wonder.
Front page story about Waff and the first of a 45,000 part ass sucking series by Barry Jackass about this great competition that we got down to the 1900 on the dial.
They didn't show it any, there was one diary, there wasn't anybody, nobody was listening to them.
So their amateur were a sit down comedy.
Maybe that's why all the sales people over there are walking out and why nobody can get paid.
You think they might have something to do with it?
Oh, yes.
If they have no audience.
But they're all listening to those great, very entertaining two live Jews midday, that's why our sales department, probably Todd Drek is the one who likes those guys.
He sure don't like this show.
Here's Mimey Springs, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm glad to hear from Jesse Jackson, where everybody's forgotten his 30 years ago, he pulled the same shenanigans, he's constantly trying to get his mug in the camera.
When Martin Luther King was shot, he wasn't even present when he got shot, he was in Memphis, and then he shows up on the camera.
I thought he was up there on the balcony, he has last night.
He was, they show him on the balcony, he wasn't standing next to him, and he shows up all of a sudden on the camera, giving interviews with Blood Olive.
He wasn't, Martin Luther got King got shot when he came out of his hotel room, he wasn't in the hotel room.
With Jesse Jackson or else, if Jesse Jackson was in there, Jesse would be there, I've seen it a million times.
No, I know he's there after the fact, but he's not there after the fact.
He must have made it over there pretty well.
They were all staying in the same hotel in the rain motel.
Right, but he shows up, the word goes out, Martin Luther King's not staying in the room, I used to live in Memphis.
Yeah, but wouldn't you think that if you were part of an entourage, and the main man got shot that you'd be a runner?
Yeah, well, you run right over there, but if he wasn't standing there, he shows up in the interview like he was standing right next to us.
If he was standing there, they would have shot both of them.
Yeah, so that's all I got.
I know you've got a small potatoes back then.
That's all I got.
Okay, thanks.
Anybody know what he's trying to say?
No.
I mean, I've seen, haven't you seen that footage a million times, they have where they keep recreating it, and James are, how James are already doing by the way?
Anybody spoken in the light?
No.
He ain't doing too good.
That's our poor question today.
Who shot cock robin?
Oh, yeah, but you know, Jesus was nailed up there and across.
Yeah, uh-huh.
Yeah, and my name is cock robin too.
We're just playing Robin, isn't Batman and...
Maybe we ought to do a D&D test on Jesse.
Find out if he's really human or not, because he's got, you know, how his mouth kind of like sagged out.
Like if he had a bad stroke or something like that.
Maybe he's been stroking it.
Here's a mobile in the Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing, you know?
I'm doing the first time call.
I love your show.
All right.
Transplant to your state about four months ago.
All right.
You know what I want to talk about is, you know what, in the news, you know what we see about these poor single parent kids in the ghetto, how they can't make it, you can't do that.
That's always the father that's missing too, you know, you know.
Hey, let me tell you a little round.
Let me tell you a small, regular conceptions in the ghetto.
Yeah, let me tell you this.
I grew up in the South Bronx.
I'm a four-one.
Eight kids, right?
Yeah.
Several of them have master's degrees of doctors.
Right.
I'm the only one with a BS, but I own my own business.
And that's my specialty.
That's my specialty, BS.
Yeah.
And you know what, these, they keep working showing the news, the positive things.
I had kids around me.
And Martinia's kids are doctors in New York City.
The single-ton kid has a P.A.D.
One of the positive things about what?
About kids growing in the city that they still can make it.
Yeah.
All they show about is the failures.
What about if they show these kids some of the positive things,
some of the kids that came from the thing in the neighborhood?
Yeah, some of the outstanding people that came from the ghetto
who made a lot of money like, oh, yeah.
Oh, man.
There's a good example.
Yeah, but that's these trash.
Yeah.
I'm talking about the typical decent people.
Homeowner, worker, and what have you.
And they don't show that.
And I think that's a shame.
Everything's a negative, the negative.
Well, you can be whatever you want to be.
I know it sounds very corny, but I mean, if you want to be a scumbag,
it's real easy.
It's a cop-out.
But if you want to be like a, you know, you can be whatever you want to be.
And I think it's what you're talking about.
And we have a lot of these around.
Yeah, if you can be a worker, this country is still open,
even for the kids in the street.
There you go.
Thanks a lot, pal.
All right, guys.
I'll see you in the Bronx.
5, 6, 7, I'll see you in the scooter in the Bronx.
What would we be there?
Oh, no, we won't be there, but nevertheless,
that was Yankees, man.
To them.
Boy.
5, 6, sorry.
Now, let's see, because your car's dull is not here today.
I can say that.
He'd be very upset and he'll start playing auto racing sounds.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Our poll question today.
What's your like better auto racing, bass fishing, or horse racing?
Do you like any of those?
No.
Got my, all bass, my fishing.
Oh, my fly fishing calendar.
I'm squeezed in this tight.
I'm not letting this go.
365 days of fly fishing by Tom Rosenbauer.
Sounds Jewish to me.
What's a Jewish guy doing fly fishing anyway?
It's for goyem, it's not for Jews.
Jews don't go fly fishing, do they?
That's for old crusty goyem from New England.
Go fly fishing.
You know, there's old crusty New Englanders that all talk like, you know, like I one guy in the,
what's the commerciality?
The grandpa there would eliminate.
Grandpa's only 29.
He's been drinking too much at that goddamn lemonade.
He don't look too good.
Yeah, that's true.
That country time.
That country time sure is good.
Grandpa's only 18, but.
5, 6, 7, 05, some crazy stuff swimming around it.
That stuff.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
I must be in a really good mood today because it's payday.
Really nice show up here, baby.
I show up and Robert's all excited.
He got his check.
In change.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
28 minutes and 11 seconds and they craft out.
After waiting almost a half an hour, how do you like that?
I'm on a wrong line.
That's okay.
Here's a mobile in the somewhere.
What line in Miami?
Miami, yes sir.
Hey, man.
I'm lost.
I need a roadmap.
Yes sir.
Yeah, hey, belated buddy.
Thank you.
Listen, did you hear the headlines on the affirmative action disappearing?
Did I hear the headlines?
What does that mean?
Yeah, Jeff Bush got rid of affirmative action.
Jeff Bush didn't give it a affirmative action.
Well, he had the one who announced.
He's busy pandering now.
Don't you understand he's pandering?
He's trying to cover up for the fact that he's going to destroy public education as we know it.
Well, affirmative action is a way to say by by affirmative action blows.
We all need the brain agrees on that.
But there's a difference.
There's a difference between being against affirmative action and being in favor of destroying all the worst schools that need to help the most.
There's a big difference.
I agree.
I agree with you.
This governor is in a leadest knob just like his brother born with a silver spoon in his mouth who never worked on his day in his life.
Underline the honest part.
Well, at least the county will be able to give the white man a chance back instead of seven to one farce than six and every one of them.
Well, one man can't do what?
To flip the rules and get a county contract job or get a county contract.
No, not unless you know the mayor, man.
You're dreaming.
Oh, come on.
Yeah, you better get to know mayor of Pingo.
Then you'll, oh, by the way, what were they saying on the news about the Egypt?
I mean, this is going to go on for years now just like the TWA jet that crashed about those two fingers on the floor.
The ocean.
I would think that our Cuban friends out there would be like really up and arms about here in two fingers on the ocean floor.
What the hell is that all about?
Sounds pornographic to me.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
We got 60 or 70 open lines now.
All you people are listening to the two live Jews on 1700.
Please call us right away.
Give us a report.
How those guys doing.
Come on.
I hear they're very entertaining.
That's what Todd records running around saying on the second floor along with screw in our sales manager who say it.
Yeah.
It's 1126 at QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Only one South Florida radio station has to have it.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
That's the whole word week day afternoon to two sports radio 560 QAM.
Shield Rodgers, guys.
Say, kids, what's real bad for you, but Chase, real good.
What gives you the excess energy to drive mom crazy?
So what red visceral will you tell mom to buy next time she goes shopping?
Younger, younger, younger.
Super sugar, sugar, sugar.
Two super sugar cold and sugar shockers are little bit of raw cane.
Dranked in honey and coated with powdered sugar.
Glucose, fructose, corn syrup and other natural sweeteners.
And taste just like sugar, call it sugar.
Right, because there's no yetky vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun.
Yeah.
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating.
I'm a little bit too loud.
You little gay.
I'm a little bit smarter.
I'm a little bit smarter.
And mom's a loud sugar, sugar, sugar stew.
Because inside everybody there's a free bottle of new Flintstones,
true of old value.
So fly in super sugar coated sugar shockers from your friends at irresponsible food.
Okay, so that that bit starts right there, Robert says to me,
didn't we already play that?
He's got this look on his face and I say, ah, maybe we did see Greg Reed was in here.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, like I'm trying to do a radio show, see?
And so I had a punch because the other bit was then he, whatever the hell I played,
that a lot of thing from broken Brian.
And so I punched whatever was over here and I have the idea what that was.
So he played it twice.
Twice the sugar shockers for the price of one.
Okay.
I apologize profusely.
It's Greg Reed's ball.
Okay.
So he can't talk to me before the show.
He can't talk to me after the show.
He always barges in it with that same look.
Hey, how's it going?
What a big smile on his face like he's oblivious, you know?
And believe me, he is.
He's oblivious.
Hey Greg, we just had a bomb scare in here.
We had a forest fire.
There's the equipment don't work and we're off the air.
Hey, did you hear about the.
That's Greg, Mr. Rob Livius.
Just call him.
Yeah.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, put me down for auto race ban on your survey this morning.
Auto racing is opposed to basketball.
That's the ball.
I like horse racing, but I'm not a gambler.
I'm not my goal of the track.
And watching the horse.
We got, we got enough gamblers called the other day parking.
I say what?
I say what?
Oh, so he's probably admitted that that show.
Yeah.
So terminal with those people calling up.
Right.
Like he said, I look.
Listen, they have one.
He's talking about the odds and the cover and tell me about the
Dubuque Iowa Waterloo game.
I mean, what is that?
I'm even going over to that Jim Berry.
I mean, how can that be?
Oh, my God.
Did you hear that?
Hank, this guy's listening to Jim Berry.
He's the one.
Oh, my God.
And he's admitting it.
Absolutely.
Because I can't stand it.
I'm a gambling talk.
You degenerate.
No, see I listen to an echo in home every day and I enjoy it, but as soon as that gambling craft starts
I push the CD right in that thing and I never come back. That's it till I get home
Well, I know everybody on your station. I mean Joe's the only one cocktail
I listen to him every morning religious on Saturday at six o'clock. I'm always an early riser
Yeah, kids doing pretty good. He's a drag racer like me, you know
No, that's that's the best thing I came in and drag yesterday morning
I was kind of a bit
Listen, I wanted to catch up with I don't like Jesse Jackson deal
I hope that school board Decatur Illinois. They better stick by their guns because you know something
I've been living in North Miami all my life. Okay. I'm a 42 years old. I want the North
Army junior high school because I've been in high school. I have kids in school now
Unfortunately, I have to send my kids to Catholic schools with kills me because I can't stand those
Oh, yeah, but I can't stand in North
I don't know if I understand I mean, I you know if I had kids I'd be very I would be terrified of saying the public
I mean I spend over $800 a month what I can do with eight eight hundred dollars a month is you know
I just killed me to spend that kind of money right and and I you know they get they have to do something because it started 30 years ago when I was a kid
You know, uh, yeah, but nobody here cares where you get to lead a horse to water, but you can't make them carry you know
I'm saying you can't make them look all right. Have a good one and back to you
5 6 7 0 5 by the way Greg this overhead is kind of screwed
I just what it comes and goes it's up and it's down. I don't want to say our equipment sucks in here by the way
To our engineering department who aren't responsible for it because they can't come up with a box to replace it with something that really works and
Greg's walking around looking like
Going this going and working again riding this phone. Yeah, take the phone and
Yeah, stick it with a mundo and shine Greg okay and
Quit walking in here with a big smile on your voice asking me how things are going while there's got them flames all the way up to the ceiling
Of course most of the more on that picture of the sales department. I'm the one that set the fire
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line if you're listening right now to smegble 103.5 and at hot disco music
Please call us nettle explain to us what happened these last seven or eight days they were getting really insecure here at Q.A.M
Maybe it's those bad bad long commercial braces that we got in this station that are chasing everybody way
I think that could be the fact that they're greed greed the beastly greed corporation is chasing the audience away in droves
Of course I'm here to buy other people's commercial breaks to make ours look like Pikers is what I'm here could be a rumor
Here's a pay phone and Lake Worth hello
Hey, Neil's John Lake Worth. How you doing John pretty good how you doing great?
First off, I got to let you know. I know yesterday was the day from hell
Oh, but I got to let you know
The last two or three hours here shows one of the best shows I was laughing so hard
You got to be kidding me they almost took me out of here on a stretch when you were doing the
Feedback from that that telephone throughout the commercials and whatnot. I was just hysterical. What can you do?
You know, we got to go with what you got. That's all we had
Hey, I use our rag paper up here did not report anything on the sale of the panthers this morning
I was right on the front page Barry Jackass again who continues which of course makes you really wonder if it's true
But nevertheless high
You know what the hell with them let them sell it. Oh, I agree on a
Pathetic I'm in fact when I go and you read it night
I'm gonna be dancing in the halls
I'm gonna do a kazaski in there
But yeah, I'm gonna be tiptoeing through the tool up city reader. I'm so glad just to say goodbye to his ugly
Yeah, I'll tell you what bye Wayne. Bye-bye, Baldi as soon as the
If it does go through if there is any validity to it management's gonna go I'm Murray
He's gonna be out of there because quite frankly. I was I was totally shocked that they even resigned him
Yeah, but this year I was like what are you kidding me after the last two years?
You're gonna resign him again. Well, he's I don't think he signed a new deal. I think this is his last year
I think you signed a one-year extension I believe
And I didn't know I think I think this was his last year
But you gotta understand they can't admit anytime. I mean coaches and GMs come and go like underwear, you know
Yeah, listen
Thanks to you. I am now a BFS owner
Hey, and by the way, I'm glad you reminded me about that the grass saw it again on the news last night
We've approved that I wasn't dreaming of reading that facts yesterday
The good news is we can say goodbye to cable just in the matter of days if that thing is true
In a few days they're gonna have our local channels on the DSS on your small dish and you could tell your cable company to
Right that's to open up competitions while they're doing that
I love it. Yeah, it's a great thing because
I wonder who in their right mind would want cable where they picked your some days
It's great some days. It's marginal and the selection is whatever they really want to give you when you can have the small dish
You got every sporting event under the sun. You got your have your local channels on here
You get all the news channels you get eight million music channels. I know anything out of the sun is on there in a picture
It's you could reach in there and tickle their fancy. Hey listen one more thing before I go, you know
Are you aware that senator McCain? Okay, he tried to pass that campaign finance reform right?
All right, if there's one thing that everybody in America should be talking about is what that man tried to do
Okay, because if you think about it
All right, all of the things that you sit and you harp on that are true to your heart okay like
the back oh and and
Just anything all the ills of America
That these politics exactly all of that okay if you had campaign finance reform
You took away the soft money you took away all of the donations
Politicians are allowed to have you put everybody on the table. What are you saying that John McCain deserves credit for that?
No, no, no, no, no, when a phone he's taking this
I don't know if they're in Arizona get me wrong
I'm not saying he deserves credit for that. I'm saying the issue of campaign finance reform
I said I'm gonna happen. I really let me finish my point is
What's that if this country had campaign finance reform? Yeah, okay?
If these politicians yeah, I'd like to take soft money
All of these things yeah, we'd no longer have them catering in Tautown to the NRA
You would have prescription drugs that weren't through the roof
You wouldn't have these doctors charging exorbitant prices. You wouldn't have this BS with the cable and the satellite
Yeah, all of these things these politicians
No, all of these things
I would no longer have an interest in that right okay come down John you going to game yeah, I'll be there
What's the prediction for the score? I don't do that call a bank. He'll tell you okay see
I'm gonna cover what do you think they're gonna cover the planet girls team they're gonna come on pop love might play
You think probably I was gonna play no chance by the way he ain't playing I
Hope they don't get pissed off over me there and take away my panther Jersey whatever that gave me
I mean, they've been very nice to me, but I'm not gonna sit here in life of the organization
Okay, I'd like to get as many people out there as possible
I work favorously endlessly for people to come out and learn the great sport of hockey
It's wonderful. You'll have Ray Whitney out there and Mark Parrish and a few other guys that can really play the game and in land
It's got blue on their team and they got Louis's name and yeah
You know something I'm one of the biggest hockey fans in the world and if I were pressed right now to tell you is dusty
Roads is the goalie right?
See I'm saying they're like Robert knows he yeah, whatever you say is so you're shade of purple right now
That's Damien Rhodes Dusty Rodanian Rhodes former me police former Ottawa Center Dusty Rhodes and goal they got
I don't know they at Gordon Garpe the world of going to Garpe and they got the moon man. They got
From Edmonton what else is name?
Kelly Buckberger while you say book writer. I say Buckberger. I say you a bucket
They got people that nobody ever heard of before okay. That's you land of trash
And we ought to beat the crap out of him here one of those for running phone is we ought to score about 10 goals
That I even went out of love and is a crappy little thing that's crooked. He can't play tonight. This thing is crooked
Okay, it's sticking up to the side and it's finger two
20 to noon at QAM
This is 560 QAM
Jim Manditz talks for a rat right me on sports radio 560 QAM oh god Neil
corley
What's the republic in shape in a ten-two-safe in San Fein?
He said he's going as a saint.
And he would never play with cocaine.
Georgian eyes, when he did not let me try.
Okay.
It's London 45 at 5.60 WQM.
We got Hank in the studio today.
And then we got the Big Fat Boaster 6 to 7.
We got the pre-game at 7.
Again, the night 7.35 from Macarena, the Atlanta thrashers and the Florida Panthers.
Ed Kaplan will give you the odds in the game when it's over after the game.
Two factors from Scott Marcus in Boston.
Scott's one of our regular factors and listeners up there on the Internet.
And Scott's on the Atkins.
Okay. Scott is on the Atkins.
And wants me to tell him a song and dance about what he should order from Delights in Bokeh.
Call him up.
Okay. Here you go, Scott.
Because where am I going to tell him?
What do I know what he likes?
Call up and talk to Alan.
He'll talk to you.
1-877 Low-Carb.
Hello WCARB.
Call him up, tool free and to the fat and to on this.
Scott, thank you.
1-877 Low-Carb.
Hello WCARB.
Our number is 5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
We got that Florida line waiting on you.
8-777-756-345.
We're talking about why Jesse Jackson hates Jews.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Anya, I'll hurry you today.
Okay, sir.
First of all, on the poll question.
And why black people hate Dan Moreno?
Yes, sir.
I vote for bass fishing.
Yeah.
I, uh, what do you sound like gets your speed?
Well, listen, I like to thread up your alley.
Well, listen, you know what?
It gives the Broward Sheriff's Office something to do up there because, you know, if there's one thing they do,
they don't stop crying, they kick everybody out, fish in it any lake, and he lake you go to.
The sheriff will show up, you rob a, you know, they steal a car, there's a guy fishing, they'll go after the fisherman first.
Yeah, if you extend your poll, they generally show up pretty quick in Broward.
Hey, I got a 10-10s bag as guys with their poll stuck up, but anyway.
I got a question for you.
Yes, sir.
How come they have a religion at the dolphin games?
Oh, I've been talking about that.
You're, you're, you're flapping your wings, pal.
Nobody, there are a bunch of sheep.
But, you know, I,
You're a button.
There are a bunch of sheep.
I refuse to stand for the invocation when I used to go to the games, paying my own way for five years in a row,
but I was season ticket older, and maybe three or four of the rest of us did the same.
And the rest of the people, they do it because they're told to do it.
It's crap.
It's totally inappropriate.
They don't, they don't have it.
They don't have that at other games, do they?
Only in the national football, Lisa, because the NFL does everything its own goddamn way.
And nobody else on this station, by the way, has got the balls to get on here and say,
let's cut that crap out of there.
It's totally inappropriate.
People of all denominations are coming here.
We don't have to have some geck ski out there in the field, given some Jesus prayer or some mumbo jumbo,
when we paid big bucks to go see a football game.
Well, you know, I say it's time to get God out of the goddamn NFL.
That's right.
Let him go into the goddamn schools and save those kids.
Everybody's screaming, well, since they took the Lord out of the school,
well, let him go back into school and let's get him out of the NFL stadiums.
I, God damn it.
I couldn't agree with you more.
Thank God bless you.
Thank you.
He likes bass fishing.
You understand what we're saying?
Uh-huh.
He admitted it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
If you're listening right now to a Power 96, please call him.
We'll get you some help.
You think we got anybody listening to Power 96 who listened to this show?
No.
No.
Love Bo Griffin.
She's my buddy.
She's Bo Griffin.
She's the best.
She is a sweetheart.
And she's loaded, too, by the way.
But nevertheless, and who else do we like over there?
Kid Curry, he gave me those back street boys.
You're okay, our book.
Kid even though Anna Squee didn't have that big fat ass and it was gigantic bazoumas.
He's all right.
He's a good guy.
He means, well, he's a little surly some days, but then again, he works.
Uh, he's a manager.
He's one of our 85 managers we got here at Beasley Reed.
Here's Homestead.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, what's up?
Hi.
There's this text from BFE.
I got a couple jokes for you.
Okay, great.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Not too bad a call today for a Wednesday.
Not bad.
We're making actually, you know, since the guy called from Orlando who suggested that my entire audience
is listening to Phil Henry tapes over there on whatever that is, all of a sudden these people woke up again.
Actually, they must be getting nervous that I'm going to get there a lot of here in a couple days,
which I'm thinking about.
Actually, I was going to mention that to you, but let me just say on your informal poll,
so to speak, on the three things that you mentioned.
Yes.
My vote is none of the above.
None of these people driving around the ground on a track, no fast fishing, no golf.
Yeah.
None of those terminal, terminal, terminal, terminal.
So there you go.
Yeah.
As far as 1700 goes, I never heard that station until you mentioned it.
So I was going to vote everybody, man.
I'd like to give everybody a shot.
Yeah, well, let me tell you something.
I turned over there, and they're actually interviewing a wrestler like it's real, like it's Phil's fort.
All about his upcoming matches, and what he's going to do.
They're interviewing wrestlers.
It's bad enough that they're interviewing the Des Moines Wahos or whatever, but they're doing the wrestlers.
Yeah.
The last thing in that amount of material is Phil.
I've always admired Phil.
I think he's great for what I'm not sure.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Well, what you said the exact thing, and I know you're trying to be diplomatic about it because he's a friend.
I think he's talented.
He's a good friend, and he is a good talent.
But I mean, see, let me say this to you.
I could listen to Phil at night from the 10 to whenever I go to bed.
I listened to one night, he was doing Margaret again.
Yeah.
And I listened for about five minutes, and I thought, well, you know, if people never heard this before, I'm sure it's very amusing the first, you know, 400 times.
But I've heard all of that before.
I've heard Margaret till she's coming out of my ears, and you know, he's picked a very difficult thing to sustain.
You know, he's got a great act.
It's very unique.
But to be able to sustain that, and to make those seven or eight voices sustain it over a long period of time, it doesn't work for me.
And you know what, you're absolutely right.
And I think, you know, in this generation of kind of MTV QuickCuts, I don't know how people can sit through a 12-minute bit, a 15-minute bit of the same person talking.
And I wonder where they do get the people that keep calling, that don't understand it's a put on.
How many people?
Well, you can't do that.
But that's what, I mean, that's the secret to success is that there's so many still, I mean, Phil's success is based on stupid people.
You know, on people that just don't get it.
It's incredible.
And that even if he comes on and announces that it's a fake and he's doing phony voices, that there are still going to be, and of course now that he's on all these other stations that he's syndicated, he can't miss him.
And as far as that's concerned, he's never going to be sitting there begging for dumb people to call in and get outraged at what these phony characters are saying.
So that's the way asset for him.
Exactly. And by the way, he does have a couple of new sticks. He currently has a new microphone.
You know, you could always kind of tell it's a Phil thing if you have any brains at all.
But now he's actually got some kind of little microphone situation there where he's got some new things going.
Right.
But it is the same deal.
There's a shredder kind of thing.
It is. And he's got some new ones I've never heard.
He's past Margaret and past the other ones that he is.
And they're pretty good, but by and large, I mean, really after 12 or 15 minutes of fooling somebody, move on to the next jerk.
And don't drag it out forever and ever and ever.
You know, anyway, put your head to the end of glad you're in a good mood today.
Thanks. All right. He's glad I'm in a good.
He's left all of this.
Well, you know, if I get more than two calls in four hours, I'm generally I'm easy.
Doesn't take a lot to place me.
But you know, like I've told him before and I know you're tired of hearing it. And I'm tired of saying it.
23 years. It didn't make any difference.
It's got nothing to do with who else is on here. It's just a, a, a, a byproduct of this town.
I mean, I can't make people care about things that they don't care about.
They care about bandstrashing.
Hockey. Oh, what's that? And I realize it in America. It's a very like, you know, a 1.7 on Fox.
Bandstfishing gets a 2.5 rating and hockey gets a 1.7.
That's not a commentary on the sport. It's a commentary on the people here.
Bandstfishing redneck. I'm not talking about people who like to go on enjoy fishing.
I'm talking about people who would watch it.
Oh, God. Look at the size of that one.
Yeah, I've said that a couple of times.
I generally run. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
And yeah, how's it going today? Okay, sir.
Hey, I just got a good, I met Don Schule last week and he was a very, very nice guy.
He got to sign my autograph. And after he signed it, I, I kind of told him I said,
we really got a shot. Yeah, I have to be so angry that he just cracked up laughing.
Thanks, honey. Yeah, he really, he laughed. Yeah, he was laughing.
You do realize that he and Jimmy hate each other like porous. And you do understand that.
I have to laugh when people call up Hank and say, well, as Schule, you know, involved,
how much is he involved in the day-to-day operation? Does he go over there and hang out?
I mean, none. Absolutely zero. I mean, he was moved out and Jimmy sent him up for the big fall
and opened up a big mouth, you know, and they hate each other like poison.
I'm sure that in some part of his mind, if not at the front of the mind,
that Schule is rooting against it often, feverishly and hoping he lose every goddamn game,
just to show up Jimmy and show what a phony he is.
Hi, I'm Jimmy. Jimmy's a jerk. I don't know. Don Schule is the greatest.
Hey, can I get a couple where you flush back in for Jimmy? Okay.
He wants not one. He wants a couple of money like that. Well, that's my buddy out there.
He's obsessed with that because he's where you flush back in.
Where you flush back in five six seven oh five one more time. Where you flush back in five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call in West Palm Beach. Hello. West Palm.
On the line that we're paying for and they're not there.
Oh my God. How is it possible? How can it be so many like I said before?
How can there be so many stupid people out there? We get this line special for these people.
You know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm saying? We get this line special for these clowns.
And then they still don't hang on. Well, you know, the dog just had bad eyesight.
I read in the carpet something like that. You know, his goldfish just dropped a big one.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line at Florida line.
Someday, by the way, maybe someday somebody in programming will tell me when that line's going to be like nationwide like I keep being lied to and told it's going to be a week from sockets.
They just don't tell me which year.
God. They just I mean don't confuse them with a stuff like broadcasting.
The only things that Greg Reed wants to talk to you about are all this other spurious stuff that's like on the periphery on the fringes that has nothing to do with the day out and day in and day out nuts and bolts of being on the year and you want to know why because you don't know anything about the day in and day out but nuts and bolts about being on the year.
And I won't mention what Robert told me before because Robert's working for $2.75 and now he don't want to lose the job.
So I will mention about the fact that we went off the year 50 times during the Huracun's game and Greg Reed was standing in the back.
Yeah, oh gee, I'll go after the 15 time. I'll come over off the year.
Like that. And he's monitors by the way or just there's something going on here. Tommy.
What are we going to do about this Tommy?
Well, I know you have nothing to do with that, but you just have to be standing there and poor Robert. He's to a red in the face for my playing sugar shockers twice.
He's all psychotic about that. I'll tell you one thing. If I had a hundred thousand people like him out there. If I had 10 million people, all I do is say hello and he's laughing his ass off.
Robert, that's right. I just came on and said, hey, it's 10. I was like, ah, he's like red in the face. He's in hysterics. That's right.
Even now he's starting to stick. You don't even know what that I'm saying, but he's starting to snigger a little bit.
Snigger rhymes with chigger as in chigger in the wood pile. Not you, default. Oh, yeah, him. Here's sunrise. Hello.
Sunrise.
Yeah, yes sir. Yeah, hey, I heard you make a comment about the cable companies and these mini satellite dishes.
Yes, sir. Where did you get that information from? Because I'm a mini dish owner and these cable companies, you know, they can kiss my back sides.
Well, you can say goodbye to them in just a few days because yesterday the FCC located in Congress is going to pass it.
It's a done deal within a couple of days. And then any day now you're going to be able to get your local channels in the top 50 or 60 markets, which of course includes us on your small dish.
Uh, fantastic. And you could say goodbye to the cable company. You can fire their ass. I don't have them now. I got my dish. I got an antenna.
And you can say goodbye to your antenna. Thank God. Thank you, Neil. Okay. There's a good news for you boy. All you small dish lovers like me just say, buy fun.
Go to the cable company. Okay. To you guys. All right. Yeah, all those hot shots that thought that they had a monopoly all that time and they did for a while.
And they have those spots on there about all when you know the dish across your desert. Yeah, to you guys.
You got the dish. You watch whatever hell you want. Not just what your cable company decides you want to watch.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 877 785. And by the way, it's nice to see Wayne's also selling his interest in sports.
And it's gone. Four minutes till noon. A QA. The sports leader.
We have the week. Sports radio 5 60 Q. A. L.
There was no farmer who's gone here. He's adding the metal just chasing his head. That's some boys who were down by the fritz. There being the water. There is on the
car. There's a lot of people. They're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than
they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they're more than they
over and suck on his candy so tasty made up butterscotch and then he spreads with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf if anything this is dirty you can go fuck yourself.
Oh, right.
205.60 WQA and I tell you one thing we sure got a lot of calls today was Robert working on the board last two days with Joe Costello working boy.
It was really really pretty grim.
How you doing, Joe?
Hey, Neil how's it going?
I know you're not midday.
This Joe is getting so famous now he's on television.
He's got his he's on at night.
He's on Saturday morning.
He's at some big thing that he's calling into plug now.
Someday I'll be able to say I once knew Joe Costello.
The funny thing is my wallet isn't getting any fatter this way.
Yeah, exactly.
We're down here at the Outback Steakhouse on Kendall Dry.
How'd you think of last night before you tell me about the Outback on Comcast that I missed?
It went pretty well.
You know NASCAR talk we had some callers into the TV show which never happened.
Really?
Yeah, it was a little bit more calls last night on your TV show than we had yesterday in Monday.
I doubt it.
One or two.
We did okay it was a good deal and I don't have a lot of experience on television but we're getting there.
Yeah.
So maybe in six or seven years I'll be as good as Rick Sanchez.
There you go.
Maybe not.
Anyway the deal here is we've got three launches to give out at the Outback Steakhouse on Kendall Dry.
First come, first serve deal and you can meet NASCAR driver Tony Stewart who drives for coach Joe Gibbs.
What do you mean three launches, three launches for everybody?
First come first serve.
People who come to the Outback Steakhouse on Kendall Dry in the town and country shops get to come in.
They'll get to eat a fat steak.
Get an autograph from Tony Stewart.
We're going to have to ask him some questions.
Raffles for great prizes.
It's a really good deal.
It's a good deal.
It's an unbelievable.
I don't know.
You have to be making this up aren't you?
Everybody that comes in now that says they heard about it here for whatever.
They're going to get lunch free.
That's correct.
It's the first come first serve basis.
Oh my God.
They'll be coming from Halendale.
They're becoming from Tamarack.
There'll be bust loads there by 1230 Joe.
We're doing it baby and we're going to have NASCAR rookie of the year Tony Stewart.
Yeah.
By the way Jeff Gordon the cowboy which I already knew this but remember the call we had about him yesterday and he did.
He's also a born again fanatic.
You knew that.
I know that but I forgot about that because most people are always asking to be one of those.
He's like the what's his name the big sports are from the Packers.
Where's he white?
I'm trying to get his name out of my mind.
He's like the Reggie White of auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
I'm auto driving.
You know if they're going to be really sorry they did this.
Here they come now.
Okay.
Thanks for taking the time yo.
Thanks for making the call later.
He a Joe.
Joe Costello is done there at the outback in Kindle and they're giving away free lunch y'all.
Are they are they are they crazy either out of their minds.
Man they must they must be related to somebody who there must be related to.
I must be crazy.
I must be not yeah him.
Okay let's get back to whatever we're doing here today 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line.
our rock poll question today is what other shows are listening to him said of
this one like right now
here's Miami hello
yes my pinkies broken i can't drop the park
we can do about that deal what we're going to do about it i don't know this uh...
over here what we can do about this equipment that's a piece of crap it's a
piece of church
where's cathy lee when i need that bitch
at least over radio stations you work at a real consistent they all talk
now not like this this is special this one has got a special place in my heart
i mean the engineers there were some
why yes really
they want to talk about this uh... winged uh... news don't know fell in
the team and
you know he's blaming that the panthers are dragging down the stock exchange
symbols
yeah that's not the right person before the pan
stock there you've got poker
or
who's he kidding
this guy's unbelievable
and i just want to know
it's probably
if he's making what whatever how many million this year every year for five
years
i mean i was all hopped up a few months ago but you know i'm looking at this
like
it's get it's getting really old it's getting stale and we're getting
tired of it and i realize that you know the finger it's sticking out its
sideways but this guy is turning to be like a china doll with us and every
time he gets out i mean what's the greatest number of games he's played in a
role
that didn't injured a handful you know
that's nothing a small handful which i could have provided
right i mean it's just unbelievable
i got nothing i want to talk about uh... i have some damage to my house from
that
irine that bitch yes and
and uh... i just want to know my fence got blown down have a pool and uh...
you know everybody's behind you know they you know it's a good swamp with work
insurance claims
and
the city of pember pines
they come by yesterday and fight me
unlike what do you want me to do i think you actually three grand i'll tell
if it's got a come out tomorrow what do you want me to do
so for my neighbor to complain about it
next time i see you
okay jackass okay
little upset and rightfully so now this uh... i miss this you know it again a
technical disaster and Greg read is right about a little bit of you here
this little like that
don't you understand mister this studio is a stop don't you get it don't you
understand the phone the speakers the overhead and they stand in stuff like
changes by itself
just magically from one minute to another minute from one hour to the next
hour
it's a piece of turd
five six seven oh five fifty pound five fifty on the eighteen t-line on our
floor to line is eight seven seven seven eight five nil eight seven seven seven
seven eight five sixty three forty five
here's corral gables hello
here yes sir
uh... you know you know uh... pork and sonobu
do i know him
yeah you know him
yeah
i saw in satellite the other day that he's a much packer
yeah okay great
yeah practice
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line eight seven
seven eight five sixty three forty five
not even twelve thirty yet they're already running out of material this will be
had a little hopes up here we actually had some activity here we were
smoking for a couple of hours
and you know what happens when you smoke for a couple of hours you pass out
you go off in a corner you go to sleep
here's San Francisco hello
nil my queen good morning from San Francisco
yes sir
uh... two things that prompted me to call
uh... i'm a direct t-v center ice charter member the first year was out i had to have it
so i lied to my
direct t-v company and told him i couldn't get my local network
yeah just to get the network found that they should not play with rabbit ears and tinfoil
right
right away i started to get letters from my local cbs affiliate and then we get the letter that cbs and fox
have joined together to file suit
right
so we scratch our heads for about thirty seconds to figure out why it's the nfl
they don't want you to see out of market games unless you buy some day ticket
why else would cbs and fox get together
only because they covered football
and the other thing that really prompted me to call
about weinring and uh... mister pipe piper i was there to that
i was here the first day is bring training
in uh... up in bureau beach the very first day of marlin's ever took the field
as a team he came in his helicopter late
big entrance
where's world-wide my million dollars shortstop i want to see him
comes in like the pipe piper
i remember the nice thing they threw at the arena
the uh... uniform on the only for the panthers
well we probably have that park
he just love to jerk people's change loves to see the glow in their eyes and then goodbye
yeah there's nothing that made me more happy to read that auto nation
severely underestimated use car reconditioning car
alright and they're losing some serious money on every unit that they're putting down the road
excellent thanks for the good news
oh sir shameless request yes sir my life
feeling in San Francisco sounds like the Chinese restaurant
okay please play that okay thanks man see ya say hi to Alex and Tony
Bennett it's a ten-time service five sixty w two
depots Tony sports showdown are you up to the challenge Saturday morning today
only on sports radio five sixty two eight
yeah
uh...
join the
and
are
uh...
have yourself some down
on christian
oh right
blow your friends away we'll back you all away
if they make your right you want to die
when you think of all the benefits you're getting
life will be sweeter
when you pass your heater
carry a license to read deadly
come on and join today
it's the American way to see a number of the NRA
aim for the nation
aim for the chest
and always aim for the head
in case they're wearing a hat
sharpen your skin
feel more comfortable
be there to defend your right
you follow the
come on and join today
and you'll be proud to say
your up there
on the
and over
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
And he did what I really appreciate is the tremendous amount of involvement, you know, like when what's his name the fact that what's the the Julio? I don't even know what his name is.
What is it?
Like I said, it's Fan Julio.
When he went in here and he like squatted down on the floor there for like about five seconds and that was it and he waddled out and that's that's it.
Okay, that'll take care of that bag it for today now let's get on to the important stuff. Let's go out that sports stuff so we can get you know, get that hurricane game at least half of it on the year anyway before we go off the year 20 or 30 times.
I mean before you run around a building Greg with all these grandiose stories like you're telling me at least start putting together like like take the guy to em bandages in the paper and a glue and a mache and a stuff out here and make like a real radio station first.
Can you do it? No, no.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering did that that case that had to do with the Fox and CBS? Did that have anything to do with the big dishes all sort? Yes, yes, both of them. Yes, sir. Oh, that's fantastic.
I wanted to ask my good news is now that now that we got the new ruling they can both stick it right up their ass.
Exactly. I agree with you. I got to have a big dish for a long time and I got kind of upset when it ruling came back. Yeah.
I wanted to ask where Shameless request that can you do so for King? I'll work on it. Thank you, sir. And have it right there. Did that guy have anything to say? No, five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line and the outer town line believe it or not.
Can you believe it? The expensive out of town line that we had a practically threatened to kill somebody to get. Yeah, that one is sitting there dead as a door nail 8777 856345.
That's a nice easy number. Remember is it? No, what is it? What is it?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Greetings from the living and breathing in candle. Yeah, instead of a really.
I was wondering about that instead of sending Joe Castello to Kendall. Is there any plans for you to come make an appearance in candle? No. No, but this Saturday will be down pretty close in the gables that the specs on South Dixie.
Oh, yeah, the one across from you. Right. No, no, the two this Saturday. Okay. That should be close enough. I mean, you could walk there in five minutes from Kendall. Yeah, that's true. But I wouldn't. So now with this thing with the Fc's B.
Now once Congress sends it through. Yeah, it's done. I would have it only a done deal. There's no there's no debate. Okay, so but then they said last night a matter of days and you'll be able to get you a local channels right there on your small dish.
Good. Then we can stick the cable company and say, bye bye. What's that be a great day? All right. So and what is Joe Castello doing in candle?
Anybody he can, I guess. He said he's got some juicy meat down or in Kendall's what he said. Nobody said. Uh huh. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Come on. Let's hear more about Jesse Jackson and those rocket sparks is a, you know, it's very interesting. The way this thing has gone. He's lasted. This last week. It used to be. And of course, I was looking in the arbitrage and the full summer book.
We have a much higher percentage of black listeners on this station as a whole. That's with an age that we do Hispanic listeners. Now, in a show, it's the percentage is higher, but not necessarily the actual number of people.
But and part of the reason for being a course that our black listeners out there, the black men's, they be into the footballs and the basketball balls and all them balls, you know, they like that stuff.
And they also got a sense of humor and they, you know, like being called a sparser, which beats nigger any day of the week. But, you know, but I asked the other day, like to think about 10. And this week, starting this week, they're like, they also disappeared. They've gone into hiding. They're out there, but they've gone into hiding.
I mean, you have to be embarrassed if you're black and you hate to Amorino, just because you're the white guy who's pretty good, who's very good. Why won't you admit it?
I mean, I mean, yeah, I'd be probably too embarrassed to call into a radio show, just like the white people are too embarrassed every time I talk about the way white people feel about some black people. And I have to be the one of city where it's safe.
Because most of these other people are afraid somebody recognize their god damn voice. They're intimidated. They're easily intimidated.
What's wrong with speaking at the way it is if you don't like Danny Boy, and if you'd like to rather have maybe Freddie Solomon in their quarterback.
You want to bring him back?
Oh, come on, Freddie. Nice Jewish boy, Freddie Solomon.
Probably related to me as a matter of fact. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, what? Oh, you a big apology for what? Man, I tell you what, I've been listening. I actually started listening to you when I moved down here a couple of years ago.
And I needed me like to know what I thought you were the biggest asshole I've ever met.
Right. And I couldn't live on about one or two others. Yeah. And you know what? Then I started then I then I lived here for a year and a half.
Okay.
There you go. That was good.
Thank you, sir. I needed that good laugh, especially after these speakers are starting to fall apart.
Just when we thought we might have a show here today that nothing was falling apart on. Is that ever going to happen? No.
I guess they figured it's a part of the show, you know.
If it's not the phone, it's the goddamn overhead speakers. It's the size of something, you know, DCS.
And just wait, by the way, November the 10th. I wonder if our crack engineering staff has gotten with the people that because I know for a fact.
I know for a fact that about two months ago, our chief engineer decided his wisdom to change the date on his computer down here to make it back to like 1890 something like that, the last century.
So that would have changed. It would be whatever.
And then of course, nothing would queue up. Scoot up the whole guy damn thing and poor little George had to crawl right on the hands and he's on the floor with computer of crap for about a half an hour to get it fixed again.
But when you think you get on the phone with the manufacturer and say, okay, how do we did all this or is there some software that goes with it to make sure we can.
Don't lose our stuff on a year 2000 come. You think he's done that? No. And I realized that he's under a lot of direct. I couldn't care less. That's his problem.
Everybody here's got an excuse. Well, I got to do this and I got to go over and kiss and the kiss bomb the K on a forehead and his way keeps falling off all this other crap. We don't care about that. We care about us.
Wouldn't it be nice to work somewhere where they actually cared about us?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello there. I'm really confused. I thought the topic was.
What station do you listen to when you don't listen to you? The topic is anything you want. But I mean, you.
I just heard you say the topic and I just stumbled upon you and you're very interesting sounding as far as I was just calling to participate. But then I heard you talk about.
No, you talk about whatever you like, sweetheart. This is America. And as long as I'm interested in what you have to say, you can say.
As soon as I start getting bored, then you'll hear something that sounds very much like a dial tone.
Okay. Well, I would like to say something about Jesse Jackson.
I'm very concerned. I love Jesse Jackson, but I'm afraid he's going to turn this into a racial issue.
He already has. He already has. Well, I think it's going to get worse. But I think the whole issue is adults getting involved in what kids are doing and trying to make a big deal out of absolutely nothing.
I hate to sound like a soccer mom or something like that.
Absolutely nothing.
Well, I wouldn't say was absolutely nothing. I would agree that you know two years suspension is ridiculous or two years of whatever they're getting is outrageous.
Oh, but there's no way they were going to stick with that. They were going to they were going to come to their senses after while we didn't really need for this to happen.
Yeah. It didn't need to be turned into this.
But what is he doing there?
I don't know.
Yes, you do. He's exploiting it.
You know, he always shows up on or something like this going on when the Haitians are all pissed off down here. He's down here.
If he's doing it for himself, he's not doing anything for any.
That is absolutely correct. He said it's an issue of fairness, not an issue of race. He's full of crap. He's like, you know, what's his name? The old J attorney.
I would put all these people out of I would have Jones.
I wish he would just regreen egg the day out with it. Johnny Johnny Cochran Jones.
I can't even think of his name anywhere. I've blocked some of those people out of my mind, maybe because that's to do with OJ.
But anyway, you were saying.
I think she feels that I wasn't going to see the one who was I listening. She's okay. She was good. Just like Chris Darden said, I don't give a sh**.
That's right.
Johnny Cochran. I his name just stood right for my memory. Good. Nice. That's a good step in the right direction. Thank you.
What did she say?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
We got hand coming up at two. We got the books to read six and then from the 7 o'clock till well a pregame is at seven with Gelly.
And with Gelly stopped picking on poor Jigs McDowell. I knew you wanted his job, Gelly. Stop sucking up to him to his face and ripping him and ask behind his back.
Okay, Gelly and on the air too. Just because he's a daughtering old man, he's a great guy.
You can't help it. The fact that it's a play by play is so bad. He's a good guy.
And then Randy Moore who used to be a good guy, but now kind of like a laughing like a clown.
Yeah, I'm going to start playing a clown music behind the broadcast. Yeah, we're going to work on that. I'm going to get a bigger share.
26 past noon at 5 60 WQM.
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
This is learning to spell with Don L. I've been Don L. Jackson and today we're going to spell the word broken.
Belly with me now broken. The R.O.K.E.M. Now let's use it in the sentence.
So I said to the coach, I said man, that broken show throw a football. This is learning to spell with Don L. I've been Don L. Jackson.
Oh, right. 231 at 5 60 WQM. You're a literate station for the 90s. That's why we're so popular. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
05 60 on the AT&T line. And the Florida line. It's vacant. It's dormant. It's docile at the moment. It's sitting there. It's dying over there.
877 785 N. I sure love our friends over there and four Myers. They've used that a lot. Haven't they?
No, that 800 line. No. One of these days, the one gets to be national in about six or seven years. It's going to be big. That thing will be smoking. 877 785 63 45.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you today? Great. Great show. I kind of got a agree with the guy that was on here earlier.
And I wouldn't listen to you for the longest time. Everybody kept telling me that you were great. But I'll tell you what, once you get a foot, you got to.
Definitely an acquired taste. Anybody that thinks if you listen to show one time and that's that's never going to work.
Yeah, it's like dog pairing on you. You got to work up to it. I think I think on the other end of that.
It's you're talking about Jesse Jackson. I think he probably has gotten the wheels for a soapbox.
He's just kind of traveling and doing more things. If he would only get on some of the things that all of us are interested in, he may.
As he is a great order or I think he thinks that way. He might be able to do some good for a lot more people if he would just start doing that.
Well, he can't just do that because this is his nature. He's an explorer. He's a user. He's an opportunist. Every time there's some explosive situation coming along that involves race.
He's always there to try to make it into a big song and dance and to exploit it and get everybody marching and protesting.
In the meantime, four kids, 46 kids who were expelled were charged with mob action, which is a felony.
And this woman had just called by the way from us, promises. Well, I don't want to sound like a soccer mom. The implication being that the riots at soccer games are just guys having fun.
I mean, you've seen, I'm sure all the riots that they have in Europe where people get trampled and they die. It's barbaric crap. It's unacceptable.
Sure. And you know, it happens in Weston. It happens in all the great places and whatever. Is he coming down here to Weston and start talking about those people?
That's my point. If all those kids up there in Decay, Illinois, if they were white kids, he wouldn't have been within 500 miles of there.
Sure. And here we are. Like I said, in Weston, they're all white kids. He ain't going to be showing up there anytime.
No, he's not going to show up there at all. Listen, the other question I think this might be redundant, but on the satellite dish, I was kind of reading on the internet this morning.
And I looked to see if I was going to be able to still get like the West Coast. Is that, can you clarify that for me?
Can you get the West Coast? Well, you always got like something on this coast and you always got something on the West Coast.
An ABC affiliate here and an ABC affiliate in the West Coast. Is that still going to hold true or no?
Oh, I mean, if you're able to get it, you're not going to lose anything. Well, I lost it.
Right. You should be able to get it back now because I mean, if you're all, in other words, if they make a deal, see, they have to make a deal with all of these local channels.
And if they're not able to make deals with them, then those channels may disappear, but you can be sure that they're going to make deals because it's an interest to do it.
But if they do that, then there's no reason why you shouldn't be able to see the other things I wouldn't think. But yeah, who knows?
You know, I read the bill this morning on the internet and it was a little early and maybe if they put it in layman's terms, we'd all be able to understand it.
Exactly. That's why Congress is the way it is.
But at least it's a good step. It's a way for everybody to say goodbye to their cable company.
Well, that's the reason I bought the dish. So you got it.
Okay, I have a rate they found. Thank you to buy.
Yeah, hey, you cable people.
Stick it. Don't take it personally like the people who work for the cable company. We don't hold it against you. Everybody's got to have a job.
It's just that we don't like your bosses. Okay. But here we're not too fine with the bosses here. Are we?
No, we're embarrassed by them. We're embarrassed and humiliated by their indifference in their lack of professionalism when it comes to the industry that they're making.
They're living in called broadcasting, which they know that nothing about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Hey, Greg, forget all the other hoopla. Forget the hall of blue. Let's get down to business.
Let's get some people in here. It's been eight freaking months now and get this studio. Everything in it. Work into a T.
You remember that state of the art studio. I was promised two and a half years ago. No.
He's got a short memory.
Here's a mobile in the.
I guess what you are going to be on the air.
You're not going to be on here. This is a lunatic who calls George every day. Every day between 10 and noon.
Oh, it fills in a break now. Fill's going off now. We don't care. Okay. We're here doing our show.
We don't care what the in addition to which it should be painfully obvious now. We don't want to speak to you.
If they want to put you on a Hanke show, I see from Hollywood every day that you call between two and two thirty to make sure I heard on the way home.
I don't really care. It doesn't influence me at all. It's bad radio because to put chronic callers on here all the time.
And some of the people do on the station. It's bad radio.
I'd rather hear the gambling calls than hear Woody on here. And I'd rather croak than hear those gambling calls again.
So that should show you Woody where you stand on the Richter scale. Like way down there on the.
Rectome. S. End.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Okay. That's awesome. You take that guy out and like five. He's been calling for a hundred years.
He's a million great. He's any pause like him. I'm going to hang up on him now and dump it.
Or am I going to give him like two more words and dump it? I don't believe it. And I none of it got on anyway. So what difference does it make?
If he's in it, he's another no life. Schmuck. 5 words. Hey, Neil. What do you think about the prices at the National
Carlin of Center for seats? The prices for seats are ridiculous and the prices for food are unacceptable.
The food blows and they've raised the prices on everything in that place. And it's and now you see Wayne's going to say,
well, I don't care because I'm so on the team anyway. You like to take that up with the new owner with the county, with whoever's in charge of that craft.
You know, he can wash his hand if everything's there. I got nothing to do with that. What they've done with the food concessions in that arena this year is a scandal.
It's nothing short of a scandal. They've cut down the selections. They've cut the portion sizes down to like bird-like sized portions.
And they jacked the prices up to a point where you'd be better off going to be cheaper. Go out and get a steak dinner. Then eat a couple of burgers and the coke. I'm serious. It's ridiculous.
Hey, let me ask you this. Do you and don't last too hard, but do you go into your own pocket to pay for your seats? I do not.
Oh, fighting. The station buys me all my, that's in my contract. They give me all my tickets. That's a good contract.
You damn right it is. And I got never at least in that part of it. And I got news for you. If they weren't the case, I wouldn't buy season tickets. I'd pick and choose what games I wanted to go to.
Yeah, there's no way that people kind of forward to go up there. It's game after game after game.
And not only that, but I can't afford to do it. And I still wouldn't do it because I'm founded the last three years. I have gone in the older arena and in this joint.
And there have been nights when I should have brought a book and a flashlight along because that's how much entertainment is going on. That's the kind of quality product. No, seriously. That's the kind of quality product that this man has failed to produce for the public out there.
And he wonders what we got. What we're going to have like five, six thousand people there tonight.
That's right. It's going to be empty tonight. When you when you keep charting. You know, and you see it all right.
I mentioned this yesterday. I'll say it again. You watch these games like I do all over the league. You see thousands of empty seats all over the place.
I'm watching in Jersey and Philadelphia last night. I think I'm in New Jersey, which they really have no fans. The devil's inspired the fact that they're, you know, right in the middle of about 30 million people there.
And and they're playing the flyers. The flyers tied a score at that time. And there's this tremendous here. I realize there's more flyer fans.
And there are devil fans in the stand because Philadelphia is right around the corner there. And there's still thousands of empty seats.
The same thing happens when it played a ranger that bring them right. That's right.
Or what they call continental. Whatever the empty arenas. What they call it. Empty. Just like a nice all county Coliseum. Same thing. Three, four thousand people in life.
You can't keep putting them mediocre products out. And by the way, the doubles are got a damn good team. They got an exciting young team. But they got a good team. And they still can't afford the punishment.
They have price the fans out of the market. Right. You got that right. Have a great day pal. All right. Thanks.
She and I okay. We got tickets for 50 cents a piece. But I know we don't that's what they ought to do.
Oh, don't do that. Don't go on. You're gonna say that. We got free tickets. No, we don't come on. Don't say that. Look it up. Shit. They'll take away my panther Jersey.
5 6 7 0. I mean, there's just no interest here. It's like the Marlins. There is no interest. You bring up the thing about John Henry and the stadium.
And the what's your name? Finally wrote a good column of paper that bitch Linda Robertson Henry's numbers just don't add up. Absolutely correct, man.
Doesn't add up. Just say no to John Henry. Just say no to Wayne. I just say goodbye to Wayne. I pinga. What a great week. Of course, you don't have a buyer yet.
But we at least we know he's selling for sure. We can take good buy to the cable company and win a high pinger very soon.
I have a party. Of course, he's going to have the dolphins till he dies. He said. Well, let's see. One second to be.
Twenty before one at five. Yeah, Robert took it as watch. When's that going to be Wayne? Uh oh.
Oh, he's got a shot. We got a chance to be special.
Oh, he's. Oh, he's. Oh, he's.
Holy mackerel. This is Joe. Born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority.
I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I
... from that side, so faking course. You can't kick it back. So faking course. That side, so faking course. You can't kick it back. You can't kick it back, so faking course. You can't kick it back, so fommab an say. You gain a lot from players about 1 and 2,
for like tossing them the ball.
Okay, we understand that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, we got 1,600 open lines an hour and a quarter ago.
You think we're going to make it today?
Oh.
We've actually accomplished quite a bit here today,
compared to Monday and Tuesday,
compared to like the last seven days.
You know, it's interesting.
The one from last pomegranate called,
the soccer mom or whatever she was talking about.
She said, I thought the topic today was
what else is that you're listening to,
and then she never talked about that.
And she started defending the indefensible
this riot they had up there.
These lunatics, these maniacs,
this aberrant behavior after a guy
named high school football game.
I say stick all our ass in jails,
what I say.
There you go.
And put Jesse in there with him.
Oh, you might keep him company.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Speaking about them dolphins this morning,
you know, I'm thinking about the dolphins.
Yeah, you know, the dolphins.
Well, you know, this morning,
what is gold in them boys?
What are they cater to dumb jocks or something?
Yeah.
Because I know I'm sure.
What do you want?
Really, I picked up the pombi pucks this morning.
Yeah.
What do they got on the front page?
Dammarino controversy.
Yeah.
Through the paper and the garbage.
Turn on the radio.
Listen to the boys morning.
Hey, before it's old.
It's very boring.
Nobody would ever bring one to hear that anymore.
Exactly.
Here we got a team of six and one
and the toughest division in the NFL.
Seven and one, yeah.
That's two.
Yeah.
And, you know, Wayne cut into the stadium filled.
All the blackouts are lifted.
It's like the old days in the orange ball.
Yeah.
And I understand this town likes to bellyic.
That's all he wanted to do is bellyic.
Unbelievable.
I'm going to do it.
Seven and one and we got all these idiots calling.
Oh, what happened to what's his name there
from other heracles?
Whatever happened to that sparser.
Yeah.
You know, that's your old time.
You know, I think JJ's going to do.
When Marino gets better, he's going to post D Spurrier
and he's going to switch quarterbacks back and forth.
What do you think now?
Yeah.
OK.
Have a great day, pal.
Oh, I got such a headache.
Oh, my God.
Such a headache just from that call.
Oh, yeah.
But what about the Yentel Green?
No, how's he?
How you doing?
You ran out here locally, Barbara Streisand.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Nobody wants to hear any more about it
is so ponderous and so boring and so terminal.
Danny, boy, see, he used to be Danny and Jimmy, Danny and do it.
Now it's Danny and Damien.
And like the guy said before, Damien, you know where
the hell he came from.
That's right.
We need a good exorcism over there to God, Dam Dolphin Camp,
because they got a shot.
Damien, my ass.
How's Father Kyristuoma?
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if you saw Father Kyristin
and Alex Kyrist at the same time.
Probably the same person.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We're going to have 2,000 people at the Macaroon Nightbot.
You know what?
I'm going to sit in all the goddamn seats.
I'm going to move all around.
I don't have to worry about that jackball showing up
with his little kids and standing up in front of me.
I'm so sick and tired of those people.
God, are you people rude?
You're rude.
You're not cute.
You're not clever.
You're not fun.
I don't give a crap.
Who you are.
Your goddamn effing rude is what you are.
When a game is going on, I don't
want to see your ass.
I don't want to see your kids.
I want to see the game.
I make a tremendous effort to drive the four minutes
for my house all the way over to the arena
and get my free-year reserve parking
and go up there to get my free seat.
Well, somebody paid for it.
And these people up and down and back and forth.
And let's get some more food.
Let's go change some more diapers.
And let's go do some more potty or whatever the hell they're
doing.
And that's grandpa.
It's doing the potty.
That's just a little kids.
Just sit in the seat while a game is going on,
then there's a break.
There's a little light comes on over there
and a little pink light comes on for the TV commercial.
OK, that's a good time to get up and move on out.
And they'll come back too soon, by the way.
That's a real good time.
We're like, we don't want it when the green light comes on
at the end of the period.
That's a real good time to get up and move
mostly on out and go do your thing.
OK, little of this, little of that, whatever you want to do.
Just stop being so freaking rude.
It's not funny.
It's not amusing.
It's unacceptable.
I think I'm going to start making a scene with those people.
Because the two jackballs they had
sitting in the receipts for the last game,
these two guys that I've never seen before,
they must be all with their friends.
They must be, they must all with the same instructional school.
Standing up and standing at finally a one-point,
we had a yellow thumb.
Hey, sit down and they're right in front of me.
Sit down.
US holes.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Neil, your show is so great.
OK, great.
But thanks for listening to it anyway.
Thanks for listening to 560 QM.
And you're so ponderous, sir.
8 million calls we've had from the same old geezer in Hollywood.
It must be bad when you get to be above 100, sir.
It must be really depressing.
You know, when that magic moment is that last breath
is only a few seconds away any day, the last gasp.
In fact, you know something, pal?
Maybe instead of Jimmy, maybe you're the one.
I want to have a shot.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, good morning, AI.
Good afternoon.
I wish you the F-22.
Question, you're talking about being able to receive
the local stations on the small issues?
Yes, sir.
Are you going to be able to get the local stations
on the big dishes also?
No.
OK, because they didn't make the deal with them.
They made the deal.
I don't believe so.
They made the deal with Echo Star, which
is one of the small dish companies.
And with Hughes, which is direct TV,
they didn't make a deal with the big dish.
Oh, OK.
Not a bitch?
It is.
That's pressing.
Yeah.
OK.
Thank you.
OK.
I mean, that's the information I got.
If anybody else has got different information,
but I doubt it very much, because that's
what I read right there in a goddamn article yesterday off
the wherever it came from.
Somebody sent me.
And when somebody sends me something, sometimes I believe it,
usually not.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
So anyway, this guy that used to work for Beasley over
and for Myers this 20-year-old kid.
So his girlfriend was sitting on top of him.
And the mother came in and he was raping her.
And the mother came in and grabbed her ass off of there,
so to speak, and beat the hell out of him, beat him up,
and whipped her ass right home.
That's a pretty great story.
Here's a mobile in Jupiter.
Hello.
I'm a mobile in Jupiter with a radio up.
Hey, how you doing?
OK, sir.
I just want to say, I'm so tired of this whole state.
Kissing Van Rino's ass.
OK, good.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Blow it out your ass, OK, pal.
I'm tired of you.
I'm tired of you, sparsers, that want to put down a guy
who's a great athlete because he's not one of your people, OK?
You are the most racist people I've ever seen in my life
is American blacks.
Thank God for the Jamaicans.
Yama.
Thank God for the Haitian.
Yama.
Thank God for the people from other Peloponnesians.
Yama.
That's right.
What a bunch of racist pigs, man.
You're not fooling me.
Van Rino, one of the classiest, one of the greatest people
that ever graced this town.
Goes out there and at fourth down after he gets bushwacked,
after he gets just wamped, decimated, comes back,
throws the winning touchdown, 393 yards,
passing in that game, breaking every guy in that record
and so on.
And he's going to have to sit there and listen,
he's ungrateful, subsub bitches with your bull crap
on this radio station 20 hours a day.
Not on this show.
You're not going to hear it.
So let's hear from some more sparsers.
I don't like that in Marino.
So I didn't say I'm going to leave money over very long.
But there is the proof right there.
There's another one.
Another dark, complex guy that hates Dan Marino
because he don't want to see any white folks in football.
Now that's right.
Maybe like I said, the punters in their place kickers,
that's okay.
That's not work for real athletes.
You know, like those big 400 pounder line
in their real athletes, like fat slabs.
How could anybody with any self-respect make a comment
like that and go back and look in the mirror
tomorrow when you're shaving?
And by the way, I sure hope to blade eight to sharp.
Sir, shame on you.
Shame on you.
The good people come along in this town.
That's all you got for them, okay?
A zet's in dread.
The assholes come along like Wayne Hypinga
and you're sucking his toes.
Oh, thank you, or OJ, at that golf tournament.
Oh, can I have your autograph, missus, and sand.
Can I, can you touch me?
Can I touch you?
Could I see that scar on your fingers and heal yet?
You're kind of a cut above the rest, OJ.
Like I said, we got millions of people in this country,
never met a scumbag they didn't like.
That's why they liked Jimmy so much.
Never met a scumbag he didn't like.
Just like that, who raccoon team, man,
out there at the fiesta bowl.
Well, that was something to be proud of,
man, what are fatigues on?
I think that's why they've lost the game, fatigue.
Yeah, probably too much corousing.
They were fatigued when the game started.
Got their asses kicked.
After open up trash talking, open it up a big mouth,
and then got their asses beat by Penn State.
I believe wasn't it?
Yeah, it was, Penn State.
Yeah, poor Jimmy.
Poor Jimmy, he was out in the desert.
After that game, he was so depressed out there,
and it was all right.
Filled out on some sharp object, didn't know what it was.
It just felt like a prick.
Yeah, I knew you'd say that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
That Florida line, we're waiting for some more sparsers
that don't like Dan Marina to call it.
I dare you to do it.
Come on.
I dare you to open up a mouth and rip a legend.
You ungrateful bastard, you.
877-785-0, 877-785-6345.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Neil, you are God.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I know.
Oh, God.
Just ask me.
I'll tell you.
Second thing, the damn real controversy,
there is no controversy.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to talk about it.
If we got sparsers, call it in.
I want to rip my little amount for two seconds.
There's no controversy.
I understand.
The only time you should have a controversy
is over losing.
We're winning.
So have those doustags shut the hell up.
Yeah, well, tell the sports the whole thing.
I know nothing else to talk about, OK?
Amen.
And God bless you.
Whatever you said.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless lambda.
We got to at least a little bit rattle today.
At least they're rattling their spears.
Did anybody respond to my question?
They're all listening to the Jim Rome show now.
That's the problem.
We get a response here about it.
But they're all listening to the God damn Jim Rome show.
Yeah, they are.
They're all in Rome.
They're all with the God damn pulp.
And by the way, speaking of the pulp,
I must forgot about this.
New phone card.
Let's users reach out and touch the pulp.
He's already got a CD out.
Why shouldn't he have a phone card out?
That's right.
Sports radio.
5, 60.
We've got a few.
Hey.
And we can see you in the hands of Miami.
We've got a damn.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Oh, hey.
Hey, hi.
I'm Spike.
And you know, when I'm driving down Routin W on a hot summer day,
me and the Mrs. Owen stop at Dickens.
Dickens Fruit State.
They've got everything from fruit to vegetables, homemade
past, but there is nothing like their cider.
Ain't that right, honey?
Uh-huh.
Dickens' cider.
Yes, sir.
Why, even though we were late for church last Sunday,
she had to have a little dickensider.
She says there ain't nothing like it.
Even my minister says this wife enjoys a little dickensider
now and then.
Hey, why don't you bring some home and offer
dick to plastic rib bottles?
That way it'll stay fresh.
Or you can let it sit awhile and have some hard dickensider.
It's good.
It runs good and thinner.
And there's nothing like waking up with a dickensider.
Dickens Fruit State.
Just to offer you a W in culture road 60 now.
Open 24 hours.
Because I have to chill a summer night.
I like to snuggle up in bed with a hot dickensider.
Woo-hoo.
1.256.00WQAM.
That out of town line, by the way, is sitting there real.
They can let's keep it that way.
What are you saying?
Here's my good friend Bob from the dickensider T-shirts.
Happy belated.
Thank you.
I had to call you because I heard something
on one of the morning shows the other day with Mr. Jesse Jackson.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They were talking about the kid being thrown out of school.
And I think Kuffer who was mad or whoever
reporting it said, well, they have the option
to go to a special school.
I think it was.
That's correct.
And Mr. Jackson said, well, they don't have basketball
at that school.
And it would hurt their future prospects.
Well, isn't that a shame?
Maybe they shouldn't have been involved in my violence
in the first time they should have thought about that.
You don't have basketball.
Isn't that a bad break?
I know.
And the thing, why doesn't he get involved?
Remember the girl that was killed outside the club
that 15-year-old girl that was killed about four or five
months ago outside that club?
We were the pregnant one, yeah.
Well, she had a news really upset me.
No one made a thing about it that she died.
And she left the three-year-old son or child.
Now, she was 15.
Right.
That kid was three years old.
Right.
She was 11 years old.
And why isn't he getting involved with his children
having children instead of worrying about these thugs
beating up the empty and teaching people in the ghetto
about birth control and plant parenthood
and about not abandoning their kids and things like that?
You know, value system as opposed to running around
sticking his nose into politically correctness.
What are you just worried that they're not
going to play basketball?
Isn't that a shame?
I mean, I couldn't believe it.
I don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight.
All right.
I just want to say that and wish you a real happy birthday
and many more.
Thanks, Bob.
OK, bye.
See you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line
on that Florida line is 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 0.
So you do understand that all this marino-vasion,
it's the dark folks out there that want to pick on Danny Boy.
That's right.
In fact, even when you hear a guy call his station that's
riffing there, that sounds like a white guy.
It's a dark guy doing a white guy's voice.
I'm telling you, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Because the white folks, they appreciate Dan Marino.
It's only the New Yorkers and those sparses
that want to riff him and ask to don't appreciate
because he's a white guy and they're jealous of his great success
and his tremendous ability.
You know, it's like when Walter Peyton died the other day.
Walter Peyton was great.
I love Walter Peyton.
He was just the worth of price of admission
just to watch him run.
He was fantastic.
He was black.
Did that make me any less sad when he died?
No.
And he went, what do I hear?
What color he is?
He was a superstar.
Well, I'm telling you, man, we've got some real, real bad racism
and not all of it is by white people, okay?
I think it's about time to start calling the, uh,
put, uh, for the pot to stop calling the kettle purple
is what I think.
A lot of wicked nasty racism out there.
The sky is just something else.
You're not full on this old thing.
I'll tell you that right now, okay?
You're not full on me.
Because when it comes to racism, just remember one thing.
It takes one to no one.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, you know, how are you?
Pretty good.
Whatever that means.
Yes, sir.
Um, because I'm not just like you,
it was born and raised in Hartford, Connecticut,
grew up watching the Hartford Whale or something.
Sorry about those Whaleers, sir.
Yeah.
I brought big crowns in Carolina.
Yeah, I know.
It's two, three hundred a game.
Yeah.
I'm in there.
Like Sardine, so.
Yeah.
But anyways, I have the NHL center
Iced on the satellite dish at home.
And I watch all the games all the announced.
I hear all the announcers and stuff.
I don't know if it's just me, but I think Jeff Frimmer
is the worst announcer out of them all.
Yeah, he's not the worst.
He's so boring, though.
He sounds like he should be conducting a ceremony
for somebody who died, though.
I mean, that's, he says he shows no emotion whatsoever.
Yeah, he's not the worst, though.
He's not, he's not worse than the guy
who does the Huracom games, for example.
Ors on John Ford.
John Ford's one.
I don't even know what that guy is.
He's terrible.
He's not, he's not worse than John Kelly.
Who does the Colorado Avalanche?
Who, I mean, every time John Kelly opens his mouth,
his dad is rolling in his grave,
taking Jeff shut up and go home already, you know.
He's the one that goes.
He's gone.
He's like that.
He just tries to imitate his dead, but was great.
Dan Kelly was one of the all-time greats.
John Kelly ain't no Dan Kelly, okay?
He's an embarrassment.
He's humiliating.
You know who I like?
That rookie.
Oh, he just, I just, I get the chills just thinking
about John Kelly.
I'm getting goosebumps.
He's so bad.
Your buddy in Pittsburgh, Michael Lang, he's pretty good.
Michael, what do you mean,
what do you, what do you, what do you, what's, what's,
what's, what's, what's, who's good?
Um, I, I, I don't know.
What's giving me a name?
Get, I mean, Michael Lang is great,
but you said he's pretty good.
So I'm assuming that there must be somebody
who's a hell of a lot better than him.
Who's really good?
Who's tremendous?
Well, I mean, I really wouldn't know names.
I would know more by the team by the way.
How about Joe Bowen, who's the greatest hockey
announcer, whoever lived in the Toronto Maple Leafs?
Yeah, well, I mean, you know,
and then the guys for CBC's Hockey Night in Canada,
they do a great job.
Yeah, man, cool.
When they wake him up, yeah, he's okay.
Right.
They give him a little oxygen.
Yeah, I, I mean, I mean, he, I, I mean, I just,
I'm just not a big fan of Jeff Rimmer.
I'm going to pass that along.
I'm going to call this after this.
Who's that get home?
I'm going to tell guy called me today and says you suck.
Yeah.
I'm going to tell that.
Thank you.
And I appreciate that.
Okay, we do.
How do you like that, huh?
A lot of calls about hockey today.
They stop.
Oh, come on, Rimmer.
Stop being such a sour ass, huh?
He bought lunch by the way.
I say anybody believe that?
No, he bought lunch for jigs.
Well, he feels sorry for him.
You know, he's doing 100th birthday.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And that line nine, take a look at it, baby.
Listen to this and cry.
I had a fight.
I had a scream.
I had a yell.
I had a push.
We got to have that line for our friends over here
on a West Coast, four Myers, especially,
and the people in Palm Beach.
So they can call toll free like a real radio station.
And that line just hits their dormant.
Like a guy named Dead Church mouse.
Like a dead trouser trout.
877-785-Neal.
See, they keep putting a K in there on the Neal, you know?
That's the thing.
And seriously, a lot of people trying to call.
They keep spelling it with a K as a Neal on this.
877-785-6345.
I want that thing.
I want to pick it up, cool.
I just, I'm just waiting.
Told you.
I want to go back to, oh, and you know something
speaking to him, you think Woody's bad.
This guy, I wish George would have saved on the voicemail one day.
We had from this guy.
It must have gone on for eight minutes.
Seriously.
And if anybody had a butterfly net,
they would have chased this guy to the end of the earth
to make sure they could put him away.
This is AD, AD, AD, AD.
And this went on for like seven or eight minutes.
And he would like take a breath.
AD, AD.
This is a certifiable lunatic.
This thing, I would say this person, this thing.
It's a AD, AD, AD, AD.
Yeah.
I'm getting paid money to talk to people like this every day.
People that should definitely be put away behind bars,
behind a very bit like Renfield.
Yeah, he makes Renfield look like your average ordinary,
you know, football fan.
This is AD, AD, AD.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe George saved that when we got it.
In fact, that killed some good time.
9 minutes after 1 at 5.60 WQM, where's my meat?
Hey, baby.
I'm feeling kind of hungry.
What the lumbar?
Come at me, Madden.
I'm going to make you a funky nickel sandwich.
Very good nutrition.
Right on the norm.
It's a good nutrition.
Yeah, jam on.
Yeah, jam on is, baby.
1.15 at 5.60 WQM, we got Hank Goldberg at 2.
And the studio, no less, not doing one of those outside deals,
but it's pretty rare.
And then we got the Boogshambi.
Will the studio hold them both?
No.
Six o'clock tonight.
And then we got the pregame with Gelly at 7 o'clock.
Don't be picking on Jigsmith Donnelly.
More Gelly.
I know you want his job.
I know you feel that he's a dotering old man.
And don't suck up to him with his face and come on here
and rip him an ass and play his calls and then play circus music
behind it, although what's kind of entertaining?
We got the Atlanta thrashes at the Florida Panthers
at the Macarena Knights.
I'm going to be there.
No, I'll be there.
I'll be there with Bells on.
We love those Panthers.
They're really great.
And then they're picking on Paul Belbury too,
because he's a white guy.
Who does it?
See, all you white guys out there that come to the games
that are caughting up to the sparser Peter Wrell,
who by the way, he's injured in playing again.
He's always injured now.
Thank God.
You're always stuck it up to him.
You see, I hate to break the news to you,
but you're backing yourselves into a corner
because the game plan is for all the sports
to belong to the sparsers in this country.
Don't you understand that?
No.
Don't you get it?
That's why they're pissed off about Dan Marino.
They don't want no white superstars in there.
They want sparser superstars.
That's right.
Randall Cunningham.
There'll be a quarterback for you.
That's our boy.
Yeah.
Randall Cunningham.
One day he played good next week.
He, oh well, he forgot.
Whatever.
Like that McNair kid from Tennessee.
Was he good or what?
No.
Hey, he hits Sam Jackson in the hand three times in a row.
What was his name?
Samuel Jackson Adams.
And by the way, how's the Yentel Green doing?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Radnell.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you doing today, sir?
I'm doing great, man.
I'm a black flag for Fort Lauderdale.
And you're cracking me up.
I just have to say this, sir, that I've been a dolphin fan
all my life.
I remember when they were doing real well.
I'm from up in the Midwest.
I'm from Cincinnati where the Bingo
is dry and I'm glad to be down here now.
I love Bingo's blow, baby.
Hey, Dan Marien is a fine-looking man.
Yeah.
And not only that, after he nervous, let me just finish this.
Fine-looking man, a Linda Marien, a fine-looking man.
Everybody is in prejudice.
I know you just have to be.
I know you're not prejudiced.
And I know you're just roused from everybody up.
Getting people like me to call.
That's right.
It works like a charm, didn't it?
You got me to call.
I about drove off the wall.
Danny said that you're not as type this week.
I understand that.
But he will let you shower with him before the man comes out.
He's just two enemies.
I called once before about a pizza thing up in Tampa.
And I don't know how that ever worked out or whatever about.
A pizza place not delivering to a certain neighborhood or whatever.
Yeah.
I'm all had a side, sir.
You're hilarious.
You're funny.
Keep up the good work.
And I'm glad I can hear in your tone your voice that you're just getting this.
Man, by the way, will be placed there on a Godfather's pizza.
Is the seat Yoda has changed as a dark, complex guy.
I didn't know that.
I know the thing is, when you...
When you're not there, Sparcer's baby, I'm serious.
When you say it starts to keep in mind, most of us don't know what that means.
Nordy, you know.
And it starts, it just means black.
Okay.
I did black man and Sparcer is a black woman.
Yeah.
I told you that...
So much better word than like Nigger or Kuhn or Sporch.
...a poor, a poor, a darky, a poor, a smunky.
I only thought that was a bad word.
I always thought it was a Ted Derogatory.
I remember when I dated my first boyfriend.
Well, that's like...
That's like...
That's like Goy.
I mean, Jews call Gentiles Goyam.
Okay.
It can be used like, you know, oh, she's married to Schicksor,
which is like a, you know, a guy who's a Gentile.
Okay.
But it can also be sarcastic.
Well, then you're going to get...
You're going to get angry.
You could say cracker, and it wouldn't necessarily be sarcastic, all the problems.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, hey, keep up the good work.
I'm glad that I was able to call and get it off my chest a little bit better.
And come visit Fort Laudel Cup.
Hey, come to the copus sometime.
No, say hi.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Have a great day.
All you need.
5, 6, 70.
I'm worried about that dangerous youth meat, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And in the end of which, I'm not really that much into dark meat.
Kind of like light dark, like Malcolm on the young and the horny.
There is my style.
Oh, my God.
This is about...
You know, something that we've taken more calls today than I have in the last two or four weeks.
That's the God damn truth.
And I can think that guy in Orlando, by the way, that got everybody all whipped up in paranoid.
Like I said, those are good guys.
Are you sure?
Well, I mean, you know, he's okay.
But there this notion that all of a sudden because they put Jim Rome on here.
I mean, would anybody listen to Romeo?
No.
I am, by the way, I read, read less in the homie than Romeo.
Probably you dark guys out there.
Yeah, well, what's with it?
This guy's a good guy.
Of course, he's a fag.
So he's not so intimidated.
But on you other dark, you macho black guys that don't like Dan Marino.
What's wrong with you guys?
Why don't you spin it out?
I always do.
Here's a mobile in high a Leah.
Hello.
what?
Oh, it's big.
Oh, here's it.
Oh, it's big.
We almost got through a whole show without any tips.
d
to tell you like that.
Oh, it's all fixed.
It's all straightin now now.
Attaboy Duff!
Attaboy Duff!
Attaboy!
George I'm not talking about my George's amocation George Corso
That a boy Bob the Mooth our goddamn rocket scientist engineering maven from the West Coast
You know see if I'm if I'm like a corporate engineer and I'm like headquarters in Naples
For the beesleaf what does that tell you what a rocket scientist?
I am and by the way Bob the Mooth that button to start the remote spot over there for Mars. It still doesn't work
Yeah still don't work
So the PD over there and he's the one that ought to be crying that PD
Got a sit on the board for four hours and do it this show every day with no delay by the way
Got a sit over there in four miles and and play the spots
Because their engineering staff is in confident
Do I dare punch that up again?
Hello
Oh
Oh eat oh uh uh it's a witch doctor listen to that. Well, let me try it again. Let me see if I can get a better connection
Hello
Is somebody on this line?
Hello
It's line seven
Hello
Is there anybody out there on this line?
This is the death of line
It's what's going on here
Okay, let's oh here's a call from Atlanta. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have two questions
I want to hang up one one who's gonna be in the overhead now. What's with the horn? They're all screwed up again. Yes, sir
Go ahead. Um, actually I
Miss what was said about arena by blacks and I'd like to know has the same thing been said about
Elway or Brett far
Well, what does that mean?
Elway and Brett far don't play here. Oh, this this phone thing is on a separate our whole phone system is just right crazy
Can you hear it? There's a sound like I'm talking in a bill?
Sir, yeah, I can hear you. Okay. Let me say it again John L. Way and whoever else you mentioned don't play here
Understand that but I mean
What was said in the first place?
What was said is that black guys don't like Dan Marino because they're jealous of the fact that when when you know
His greatest years that Mark Dupor and Mark Clayton were the receivers were black and then they were great receivers
Which everybody knows they didn't get the credit
He got all the credit and therefore they resented and they don't like him because basically he's a white guy
That's what he said always I've always liked Marino the thing is that he's never had a defense behind him like he has now
And the thing is it's also a team effort which which we're showing right now
Everybody everybody is doing everything. What do you mean we I thought you're in Atlanta? I am
You're in a dolphin fan in LA you you obeyed in the Falcun's
Please never okay, never ever think I'm a dude. I thought they might have one no after that after that fluke year
They had last year no, I'm not it landed anything good
No, sir don't be one of those front-running braves phonies either those are the phoniest fans in the world
But I mean, I don't see what you know Dupor and Clayton that really didn't have anything to do with it
You asked me you asked me a question. I'm just giving you an answer. I mean, that's that's their excuse what I'm hearing
Yeah, it's a piss for excuse you're right. Well listen pal hang in there all right, and oh the thrashers are here tonight
That's what I said have a great day pal
Well thrash him for you how do you like that? Oh
Yeah, this is what what's going on here with these speakers with this overhead with the phone this whole system is just blowing up and our
Engineers are walking around go
They can't get it right they can't get it done
We almost had a semblance of a show here today until about 20 after one in the afternoon and all of a sudden when we least expected it
What is that what's on there?
Hello
Hello, okay, I can just do it all day in line 7 to
Yesterday it was line 4 today
It's line 7 plus yesterday we had to your four other lines that were up to we had like half the phone was all screwed up
Day after day after them sitting here trying to do a radio show and Greg we walked anywhere to straight look on his face
Oh gee, well, this thing. Hey looks at the phone like like he's gonna see something like there's gonna be things sticking out of it
Like like Pavell's a little pinky is gonna be sticking off to the side, you know
Yeah, it's a piece of crap, okay Greg. It's like all your other equipment all the other bees leaves garbage
Reused rehash swill it's a piece of crap not ready for broadcast is what it is
Greg
Here's a lot of their lakes hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, are you okay?
Are you insist on this thing about the black guys and damn Marina? What do you mean I insist on that's what I'm hearing?
Is nobody to hide me?
Yeah
Don't believe why you like that you like that honky that Danny boy
Well, I like damn Marina. I told you that yesterday
Well, then why you call me again today? We don't need to hear it here today
Today's the either is the one guy and he's calling me every day to prove a point yesterday was good enough pal
We believe you do we believe him well maybe
What am I gonna do about this guy? Well, I just do the best I can that's all we can do
So all we can do with this overhead with that goddamn line seven thing
Oh
Oh
God
There you go right there the last 30 seconds. That's the epitome of beastly me broadcasting ladies and gentlemen
That's our technical expertise to a tea right there
Let's hear it for George Corso and Greg Reed and the beastly boys if they're out of jail this week. Let's hear it for all those guys
Jesus Christ are you ever ever gonna get the message sir? No, no
You know one day he's gonna walk in here. There's gonna be like a little midget with like a three foot tall
But no seriously sitting in this chair about a quarter to ten. He's gonna say well. Where is Neil? Oh, he's long gone won't see him no more
Yeah, Johnny Paleo with a harmonic catch. He's really playing harmonic music between ten and two
Yeah, but we're Neil go. Oh, he won't see him
26 after one at 560 WQA am it wake up with the first team
Joe road Jeff the farth and Steve Goldstein week day mornings at six only on sports radio climb
16 Qing I wrote to give you a real thing
We swear we're not gay if you want
These outfits are clans
They will take your eyes
We got men
We swear we're not gay
These look like it can be a decided
We sing like a touch of the island
A good city, our agent says we got a say
We swear we're not gay
Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls
Who think they're as cute as you need
As they get older they all figure out
We're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we get many joy
Alright!
Why so close, I want a delicate guy
Go long to do what I should make sure I go
But today we think that we have better say
We say we're not gay
We say we're not gay
We believe you Nick, don't we believe Nick?
No!
2070-42 at 560 WQAM
560-505-60
It's amazing because we actually, mostly, it's outside from the line 7
Got the phone straightened out today and had about 20 million phone calls
Now this stuff with the overheads and the volume and stuff that we almost never had before
Is coming in, new stuff, new crap
Kind of like
Kind of like
What a disappointment you know
When you want it, it just doesn't the howl on Q
Can't stand like the Wolfman, doesn't the howl on Q
Here's Fort Myers, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I was just wondering is that is everything's going around there this week with all the phone lines and everything
What are you going to do when the high key stop working and you can't get any of those noises anymore?
When the what?
When when your drop
The noises that
The noises
Yeah
Working what are you going to do in those stop working?
I don't know
I'll just do real ones
Here's the real ones
Here's the one
Yeah that was real
Dave Roberts who says let me give you the real stuff here Neil
No it's a brighter cross and I can't talk to you because this phone
The phone is like feeding back into itself now
Our phone system is totally f'd up by the way is there anybody in the building now?
No
We got an engineer, a program director, anybody with an IQ bigger than the thumbnail?
No
No
The whole the whole listen to that the overhead just vanished and you don't even get any overhead stuff is like through the phone and it's all feeding back
Oh this is a goddamn nightmare this jointed it's unbelievable
Things that never happened before now to developing and a general manager went and went oh hey we're doing this we're doing that
But I mean but oh yeah I'm really impressed man just give us a studio that works I know that's a little bit beyond your scope
It's a little bit out of leaker over there pound 96 down all they got a studio man you can eat off the floor they got
State of the art everything they got a phenomenal
Polatial 80 billion dollar studio they're buying the goddamn audience they're giving away 50 billion dollars a day over here to my right
You got the goddamn sports studio over there big gigantic place with 55 microphones 85 shares a big circle like a real time
Box studio what do we got that's what we got pure on a double rated that's what we got for the highly rated near Roger show garbage
It's getting real old Greg it's getting real oldie and moldy you can smell it here is a mobile and Palm Beach hello
Hello Neil yes sir how you doing okay just people to run that patient or bunch of goddamn assholes
Exactly couldn't set a better myself hey I was hearing you talking about all the different attitudes you have to do black
Black folks yes sir and I got a new one for you yeah it's called the bones and the book
The book the bones that FBA B.O. and yeah what is that it's like it's like a moly oh that's like a bunch of
The bones planes the ball oh okay the ball that's the bones no that's a back to ball not not a basket but a back to ball so big
The bones 56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line thank you very much for your brilliant country for Chris season Palm Beach no
Schwarzer's a lot of Palm Beach are there no Kennedy's won't allow it here's a pompano hello hey good afternoon Neil
I'm one of your white Canadian non-racial listeners from Winnipeg Manitore
Winnipeg I've got a lot of good white people up there yeah well that in the Indians but but just you know listening to all the time on the radio
some always on the road and stuff but I'll tell you going back a couple listeners that you had before the guy was talking about the hockey
now is there that guy went no micaling from Katie Lang that's right how do you like this guy he's criticizing Rimmer
and I say okay was you and you know Rimmer is like in the middle he knows what I think of his work he's you know
you know he's acceptable hey what are you gonna do is Rimmer I mean you know he's in a little far he's not gonna get any better he's not
gonna get any worse you see what you see is what you get he's okay he does a good decent job and especially
compared to the niece he's fantastic but I mean you know this guy's gonna critique people at least give me some names okay
and they say well like I from Pittsburgh am I like he's okay he's okay okay I say he's probably in the top three
annulcers in the NHL correct that's right go bowling be a number one in micaling be a number two
do me fair key play general red being the swing and back and forth two and three with my client
do you do me fair key play a little mic lane oh geez please they're nil a little
of my mind for the boys back in the middle of the center right robot time
and see some things like a trapping jam the way to color how I'm moving the spine it's under one of the
eight jokes and scarves look robot time give the thing what the lead for every
people great doesn't know what other cry or why does watch all right there you go a little bit of my
client I'm in a good mood today for hockey because we got the big game coming up tonight
up until we have at least 2500 people there tonight what do you say it 25 25
25 people not 2500 just 25 I live without this overhead man I'm not worth a crap
but of course thank God it shows almost over we'll come in tomorrow and see what kind of technical
and
thank you
thank you
anybody listening around the world and uh... in the internet
that's it that's wqa and that's five sixty if you thought it was embarrassing when you read about that
and the old jay business of the gold tournament and the old jay related expenses
and all of the humiliation embarrassment these people don't embarrass easily okay
to get my drip understand it yeah because when you were stupid as they are I mean you don't know what dumb is all about
you follow me
that's the second day of what I did that because it just it just gets right in it's perfect
it's just perfect that's the second day of the world that's even this thing is not the
right everything in here's a piece of crap where's Kathy Lee speaking of crap
twenty one before two it's almost over baby it's gonna feel so good when the pain stops you're a qa m
this is five sixty qa m gym mandates talks for a right here on sports radio five sixty qa m
if you blow too much you're in trouble
you got them all today big open that closet door here that's so hard
to be myself because the group that I'm in sounds like everyone else on the
child and the old days and we sing just like girls and we're really tight
all right
okay
I'm
it's gonna win
Maybe I'll just go over my skin just once these things rain
Cause I'm like me, I can be
I don't know what to think but I know this won't fix
No fight at all but we all pass the truth
But we're asking to you, tell us how many
Just with just you
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Figure out why the black folks are so jealous of Dan Merino
See there's this stereotype that black guys are like hung like a moose you know
They're large, gigantic, enormous penises
And the Joe Rose was telling me this morning that Dan Merino, that you know of course the two have showered together
Not when they were playing together I'm talking like recently
And he says Danny is hung, he says like that with knees man
So that's why you black guys are jealous because Dan Merino, just like Milton Burle and Warren Pady
He breaks the stereotype of very short penis white guys you know in sports
Like that Pavlov Vary
Here's a couple of reads hello
Yes sir
Yes sir
One name, Dwight Stevenson
If you're gonna, if if if the Schwarzer is gonna end the anybody over Dan Merino
It shouldn't be duper and Clayton, it should be Dwight Stevenson
Probably the best center that ever played football
Yeah definitely
Do you have a large penis?
Probably
Well I'll take your word for it
Okay well I don't know I mean
If I knew I'd tell you
Joe Rose probably knows he seems to know about those things
Wow
Absolutely the best center in allpine his career was cut short, probably
And then do we resent white Stevenson because he was black?
No
Absolutely not
I mean do we resent Orlando Murray because he's Italian and white of course not
I thought he was an Argentine
Well we had a big discussion about that yesterday he's maybe from Argentina but he'd be Italian
Most of the Argentinians that come up here are from Italy
Initially
Well who cares where he's from but I mean you know he's without him they'd be in deep trouble
They'd be in deep cram
No but if they're gonna talk about some of this overlooked in terms of race
Right
Not even right I mean if he is
You've got to understand a center is not a glamorous position
Any guy that bends down and you know a guy comes up behind and puts his hands under his crock
That's not a glamorous position but the wide receiver that's always been a like Paul Warfeel
He's got glamorous position
Briefly the glamorous position
Briefly the glamorous position
Yeah well that's what Danny said okay I have a great day pal
Oh
See Roberts got a strange look at his physical look
Lucky doesn't understand that I think what the guy was trying to say was
Were you fudge back him?
Yeah something like that
Oh you know what I just realized one of these speakers is out
I think
Maybe that's why we're having this problem I believe because I heard Matt let me try it again
Were you fudge back him?
Yes you that's all over here
There's nothing over there that's why the monitors way down
Maybe the speakers like disconnected or disconnected or disconnected or maybe just a cheap piece of crap
Maybe that's the problem
Like all the other beastly stuff
Maybe it's just a cheap piece of turd
Yeah I guarantee you that this speaker over here on my left that one's working
And this one's not so that when I have to crank the thing up real
off then it starts feeding back to the phone and you get off all the horrendous sounds like
For what is that by the way?
That's the music
That's the music
That's the music
That's the music
That's the music
Oh it's the music
That's the music
That's the music
For Cabo and the Fogs just in the Q&A and Call of Police
But what's that music?
Besides bad
It'd be bad baby
That's what I thought we could actually hear it then all of a sudden the Wolfman starts again
Oh my god this is amazing
There's not another radio station in America
Even the kids at Piper higher laugh it up there sleep it or laugh it or asses off
Which by the way speaking of kids you know
I hesitate to mention this on the air you know look a gift to us in them up
Because at least this year I'm like in past years you know the kids that hang out in the street corner
When I'm dry getting ready to come to work in the morning and I leave the house and I drive
I know I'm like right on my corner there waiting for the school bus
And there's like the high school kids really early before I get up
And then there's like the little punky kid and then there's like four different groups
Now unlike the kids in the past years that when I would drive by
Hey it's back at me all that stuff which I didn't bother me but I mean that's what you expect from little punky stupid kids
This year is actually like a few kids that I pretend they like they know who I am like they wave they're like friendly
I thought well that's that's pleasant because when you meet anybody that's friendly down here
It you know puts a little bit like my friend Sylvia at the turn bike
Who by the way wish me happy birthday when I left on Friday is I drove home
Thank you Sylvia that's really sweet Archie's the best
But anyway so like this more you know these are the same same people the same kids
Like I know them not by name I know them they know who this morning I'm getting back out of my garage
I get up to the corner there I give away you know there's like half a dozen kids down the course they look at me like I would say
Yeah give me like a blank look
I thought okay did I pee on your parade guys what's the story huh?
Kind of like this place you know
Like you're not the elevator with screw any yesterday she thinks I'm gonna talk to her it's kind of like that dealing me verse
She's got the nerve to be opening up a mouth saying hello to me
I don't want to talk to you screw in I don't want to know from you I don't want to speak to you I don't want to see you I don't want to
Smell you or come here good friend
Oh what I thought that is
Here's a mobile in Pember pine tello
Well Neil yes sir
Hey how you doing?
Okay
Oh I got feedback again now this is killing me go ahead I'm sorry
I have them I didn't catch all the show today they bleed
Why not?
What were you listening to between ten and noon sir?
I was working okay
I know that you better not get any other station out there because we're doing a survey on this and if we find out anybody is we're gonna send look a brought to you over
Did anybody mentioned that the scum sent no printed last week hockey schedule on a paper Monday and Tuesday?
No
Now again idiot my buddy Chuck and I are sitting there last night waiting to watch the penguins lose again and here they're not on
Oh and so we go to center ice to make sure we look and there's nothing on there
So it's okay well it's a scum center yet you have to just understand it they're screwed up I have my wife go on the internet to NHL dot com
She prints out the penguin schedule
Yeah
And on the schedule it's got the game on the 20th with the penguin here
It's got it has been on the 19th on the NHL schedule
So I had to toss out one of trash and I guess tonight I don't have to go on a penguin website and I
That's not believable
That's all that good hockey information we get down there and they wonder why we have no fans
Yeah
Alright I just I don't know
