4.060 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We talked to Neil called 5.670 5.60 toll free for date and
rarer or pound 5.60 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is kept.
For anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions for the measly broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5.60 QAM.
The media is sick and needs help badly.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White
Law Association.
Let's face, most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing.
But, as usual with every problem there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns.
They scare the s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right hand guns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
All the convenience.
Take chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a hand gun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
The simple solution of life's complex prowess.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the dancing of the street.
Just buy a lot of hand guns.
If we're eight alternatives, the working problems out can be considered a population control.
Yes, hand guns.
They just might make you think.
That's the American s*** away.
There's a brand new game on the kids that are learning to play now.
And every big city on the cross to U.S. is in now.
Call the teacher, sell some hardware and blow the other fellow away now.
This is all about the same.
I've been around the state today.
I've been around the state today.
I don't use the key started to show and down now.
I'm not so bad.
Billy brought his mom to have a pretty special disdell now.
I'm not special disdell.
They can share a teacher and show them how they're born to sell now.
Now before the third time, gun, gun, gun.
I've been around the state today.
I've been around the state today.
I'm a person who you can make like a dream for me now.
I'll be today.
Be the first to know your block, just a cap, so carry away now.
So what if Johnny can't speak, he can still join me in our name now.
It's got gun, gun, gun, they can all throw each other away.
It's got gun, gun, gun, gun, gun, gun.
I've been around the state today.
All right.
That's the American fucking way.
Okay, boys and girls, 10-03-560 WQA.
What a day.
What a place.
What a barbaric place.
Unbelievable.
And all these idiotic people running around with their simplistic answers as usual.
Oh, if you just put your hands together in prayer, or if we just put all the kids in uniforms, make them all dress the same, and go step around like good little Nazis, that'll do it.
You know, there's another idiotic, unbelievable, unacceptable, and why?
Why you morons at the hero of fuel compelled?
Because I know you get a lot more letters than the one we see in the newspaper.
There couldn't possibly be room for all the papers that both letters that both papers get.
But this letter is so typical of the American mentality.
Here it is.
From Robert Brown in Miami.
He says, I'm a little weary of all these posed pictures of crying Albanians.
Now the ultimate indignity, they had to walk six miles.
Did it ever occur to you that the Serbs started to get real nasty when we started bombing their victims?
We all have short memories.
In World War I, we had the beastly Germans raping all the Belgian girls they could find.
Then the Bosnian public relations program was paid for by some rich Muslims and executed by a high-powered Madison Avenue outfit.
I'm getting sick and a sickening feeling of deja vu.
I feel like I'm getting suckered all over again.
Says Robert Brown in Miami.
The Serbs started getting really nasty.
They were only like a little bit nasty with all the ethnic cleansing and all the pits with the dead bodies.
But then when NATO started wrapping the bombs, that's when they started getting really nasty.
Right Robert?
You jackass you idiot.
He's an asshole.
Oh my god.
And this is a letter that the Carol feels compelled to put in there.
He's getting real tired of those staged photos, those photo opportunities.
So I go to my mother's for lunch yesterday and the minute that I get there, she's got the TV on CNN.
And they're covering this grotesque, horrendous, unbelievable episode.
But you know, it is the American f&&&.
It's part of American culture.
This is American example Pi and you name it.
And so when I got home, I flipped on the satellite and on the big dish they had on the NBC satellite.
They had KUSA from Denver on the entire afternoon evening all day.
And I just sat there riveted watching this all afternoon, all night, all these things.
In fact, when I was sitting there when I was at my mother's, I'm watching this on CNN and I'm thinking to myself,
is anybody on our radio station talking about this?
No.
Or now you're laughing, see?
And George isn't there just laughing hysterically, peeing in his pants.
Is anybody on the all sports?
So they're still talking about the effendraft.
They're talking about, is anybody aware of this grotesque thing?
Where like maybe who knows how many people now it's 15 to 17?
They're having a tough time counting bodies, I guess.
Last night it was 25.
But it makes no difference what the number is.
A grotesque, unbelievable episode in American history again.
Is anybody interested in this on this radio station?
No.
And I noticed by the way, speaking of the kind of things that people listen to, the sports segments on this station are interested in.
Any of the Pope who finally writes a good column there today is finally the one guy in the media in this town besides me who's got the balls to really go nuts about the Cecil Collins business.
And our gang's the coach, JJ.
So he writes his love letters to the editor this morning.
There's about a half a dozen of them and every one of the next scouriering him for having the hoots by the gall, the question Jimmy Johnson, he knows his draft craft.
And so what if this guy is a criminal?
What if he never he did steal a freight train?
If he can run, we don't care.
Like I said yesterday, they don't care.
I mean, I got news for it.
Maybe you people are all I'm talking about the American people, your values, your attitude, your ideas, their upside down, their crazy is a bed bug.
And all you Godloom ticks out there and go, oh yeah, when you believe in heaven, let me ask you this.
You think those kids who got shot yesterday, who never even had a chance to really live life.
You think that those kids are in heaven now?
Is that what you think?
Or in purgatory or in limbo or God only knows where else?
I mean, the things that I'm hearing today, it's just unbelievable, it just boggles the mind.
Oh, if we just put all the kids, we've got to go to uniforms now.
You know, the trench coat mafia with their black trench coats.
See, one of them actually threatened to kill another kid last year when his family called the police.
They didn't do a damn thing about it.
Nothing.
I mean, these kids were like branding themselves, like putting tattoos on themselves, saying, hey, we're a bunch of average,
bizarre, you know, we're actually not waiting to happen.
If you don't believe us, just check our out or website on the internet.
Just check out the fact that we already put on there that yesterday was Hitler's birthday.
So we decided we warned everybody yesterday was that we were going to do something aberrant.
But hey, oh yeah, if we just, if we were to put them in some kind of an outfit so they could have been anonymous,
it's like saying if you put a business suit on Hitler, he would have been okay.
It was the brown shirts.
That was the problem, right?
That's what made him go off the deep end with a swastika and a whole business.
If he would have just walked around in a business suit, or like a military uniform, like the king, like the emperor used to wear.
That would have made him better.
But not that awful thing that he came up with.
So let's make all the kids a little goose-depping Nazis and have them step into place.
And then I'm hearing people saying, well, you know, if we just had different penalties for, you know, crimes committed with guns,
let me ask you this.
When somebody commits a suicidal act, which is what this was, obviously right from the start,
do they care about the penalties?
How long are going to be in jail?
They're going to kill themselves.
They're going to go in there, kill a bunch of people.
And then they're going to kill themselves.
That was the plan from the beginning.
So what difference does it make with penalties?
They get, how about the parents of people who commit crimes with their guns?
And now we're going to get the same old tired craft again, all the NRA assholes are out there.
Oh yeah, well guns don't kill people.
See, the problem is most of you people have been trying to tell you this for years.
You don't understand what living a civilized life is all about.
This isn't the way people are supposed to live.
And the problem is the American public, they accept it.
They don't give a crap.
Oh, who did the dolphins drive in the fifth round, you know?
That's the kind of stuff that you think is important.
Oh man, I'm telling you, I'm crossing those days off that counted, those three and a half years, whatever it is,
like a man on death row.
Waiting for the last time I get on that plane.
Because this is a barbaric place.
It is a truly unbelievable barbaric place.
Yes, there are other barbaric places in the world, but you know what?
Those are places that we know are barbaric, that don't match the rate of being civilized.
You can't complain about civilization in America because basically there is many.
I say, more sex, less violence, that's what I say.
I'll give these maniacs, all these goody tushes, all these religions, this work.
You know, the president got a few blow jobs.
That's what they're worried about.
But the fact that kids can't go to school without them being terrified and their parents like being in their pants,
are they going to come home alive?
Well, you know, who'd they pick in the fifth round?
And let me say it again for the goody tushes that are two local newspapers.
The only city in this country that I can think of, off hand, where you can walk the streets day and night,
feel safe, don't have to worry about getting shot, is Las Vegas.
I know it's that evil gambling again, but somehow you feel safe there.
Anybody want to walk around downtown here at night?
No. I didn't think so.
You fool, Bert.
Out the moon, mind.
It's the Andy Griffith Show starring Andy Griffith as Sheriff Andy Taylor,
Francis Bavaria's Ampere, Don Notzans Barney, and Clint Eastwood as OB.
Hey, you pinhead. What the hell are you doing with that gun?
Guns are on practice.
Ten minutes every day.
I have to use this, maybe I want to teach it to come to pop on a hurry.
Be careful, Siddler Nick.
Are you going to blow your own head clean off?
Now, watch this.
Face him like just peeking in the back door, and he told me to reach.
Now, you say reach.
Get away from me.
Oh, come on! Come here, reach. Just say reach.
All right. Reach.
You spit for brains.
What's the maximum?
Paul gave you one bullet, and you wasted it.
Oh, I guess you're right. I guess I don't deserve a bullet.
You deserve a bullet, all right?
Ah!
That's 16 and 5, 16 W. Cuman got your manage for a hand-gover.
You get to this afternoon.
And then we got, oh my god, look at that.
Look at that. Two to three, thirty.
I didn't realize that we got a ball game early today.
The Marlins at the Giants at three, thirty, and the Interest?
No.
Any Interest at all? They won last night. You care?
No.
Okay. Just mention it in passing.
Kim Boat camp around for the game from seven to ten at capitolin ten o'clock.
It's always.
That's our schedule for the rest of the day for all these sports and nicks out there.
We have nothing else on our minds besides, well, you think about that draft.
And we're going to win the Super Bowl on the 21st of April.
Are we going to win the Foupe Bowl?
Every day that I live, I get such, so much greater contempt for these sports nerds.
For people, you know, it's one thing to be a sports fan, to be a sports page, watch a couple of ball games, whatever.
But people who, this supersedes everything else in life.
I shouldn't use the word life because these people have no life.
That's all they know from.
Seriously, forget about Manhattan.
They could be dropping nuclear weapons on West Palm Beach.
And we'd be talking here on QAM.
Well, you think that Cecil could stay on a trouble?
Hang, you think, you know.
Yeah, if he doesn't go out and breathe a year, if his eyes start to melt.
How many times have I said over the years that a country where there's no respect for human life can never be,
forget about great country, can never be a livable place?
This isn't a country.
This is a slaughterhouse.
This is a butcher shop.
This is what America's all about.
I mean, if this is all you know, I mean, you have nothing to compare it to.
And I'm watching some of Mr. Lonely $50 last night.
Lonely $50.
I'm flipping all around every channel I can get.
And he's got Jerry Spence on there.
You know what is cowboy outfit?
Well, what does Jerry Spence have to do with this?
Just another media horror like Alan Dushawitz.
Every time something happens, we got to drag out the same old, tired faces.
Did he have anything to say?
Jerry Spence?
No.
Nothing at all.
And then he's got Ed Bradley on there from CBS News, who's a brilliant journalist.
And Ed Bradley, you know, the one thing Jerry Spence said that made sense is that it is the American F and Mway,
this violence business.
And Ed Bradley said, oh, but it's not just America.
And he starts bringing up Rwanda in this place and you will slay me.
He's bringing up like 10th world countries, okay?
When you go to places that are supposedly westernized if I can use that expression,
and you don't have to go across any ocean, you can just go across the border to Canada.
And unfortunately, they've been a little more Americanized than they would like.
They still have too many murders, you know, but nothing like here.
You can walk the streets in the cities there, morning, noon, and night in Toronto,
any major Canadian city without having to worry about somebody's going to blow your crap away.
You can send your kids to school with the out the likelihood of them being shot.
Be pretty confident they're going to come back home in one piece at night.
But not in this country because like I said before, life in America, it's like a cockroach.
And the media has desensitized the public to a point that you people out there,
you'll accept anything.
It doesn't matter how gross it is, how many kids get murdered, it makes no difference.
The American public will accept it.
They never get emotional and every a pissed off and ever get outraged.
They never become a gas that this could possibly happen.
Just, you know, this is life.
This is the way life is supposed to be.
And I'm sitting here trying to tell you, this is not the way life is in the real world.
But guess what boys and girls?
This isn't the real world.
This is so far.
This country is so far from being a real world.
I can't even, words fail me to try to describe to you how far from the real world this is.
And you go to any of the countries I've ever been to.
Anyplace in Scandinavia.
Holland, France, Germany, Italy.
Is there anybody getting shot in the streets?
No.
I mean, Italy, okay, so they got a little bit of a mob problem as long as you keep your nose in the right spot.
You don't get it out of joint.
You're probably going to be okay.
But other than that, nobody's running around shooting each other.
Nobody's got guns.
What color do you need guns for?
The only people I ever see in Italy with a gun.
You see a soldier standing on a street corner with an oozy.
And you feel very safe.
You feel protected.
It's not going to come after me.
What the other like to remember my worried about that the first time I saw it, I thought, what the hell is this place?
You know, is Mussolini hiding somewhere?
And then I realized it's kind of nice to know that there's not going to be any crap going on.
And if that anybody tries to mug you out there in the street.
So there's a few gypsies running around a few pick pockets.
That should be our worst problem.
Would we swap with them?
Yeah, I think so as far as the crime.
Any of these places you walk outside, you're not worried about anybody getting shot?
Amsterdam, England.
The cops, the young cops don't even carry guns most of them.
They can, but they don't.
They walk the streets that got their nights fixed, and that's it.
Here in Miami, they murder more people in one good weekend of business than in some of these countries that they do in a year.
Any American public just accept you like, oh gee, well, you know this is the way it is.
Oh, this is not the way the real world is Virginia.
And all these religious nut and it's interesting all like I get a facts from some lunatic this morning, one of our chronic factors about why you were against prayer in the school wouldn't that be better than all of this and you know, all right, it's right.
I forgot if you listen to Maryland Manson music and you're off the deep end, obviously there's the telltale sign right there.
All your kids out there that ever went to a Maryland Mansard concert, they were going to throw your ass in jail, okay?
Because you're dangerous.
Prayer in the school and all these other countries that I'm talking about far less religious, very little religious fanaticism.
Most of the people don't bother going to church or synagogue or any other Southern Bologna, and they're certainly not running around trying to proselytize and make you an offer you can't refuse.
Like in Italy where the Pope is talking to China there and 97% of the people in the country don't go to church because they can see through it like a piece of glass.
So all the religion and all the bull crap and all hypocrisy that hasn't got to done.
Like the kid in Jones, we're Arkansas, one of the kids after they shot up their classmates and the teachers, what did he do?
He wanted to see his pastor right away after he got arrested.
Want to go see his pastor? What do I do now, pops?
Totally, thoroughly upside down.
Priorities of people in this country are so ass backward and I'm watching a coverage on K and this to me, aside from the actual crime itself.
The sickest thing that I saw yesterday, I'm watching KUSA in Denver, they're doing a real good job. All everybody did a good job.
Thank God we didn't have any of the hysterical people from Channel 7 out there. I can only imagine the hyperventilating that would have gone on with them.
And so I'm watching the two anchors sitting there talking and trying to, you know, keep a level ahead.
And here comes a phone call comes in.
We've got Sarah McIntyre, whatever the name was, Sarah's with the Denver area public school system up and Sarah's got some up to the information for us.
I'm probably the only person that saw this down here because I was watching on the satellite.
And a voice comes on the ear.
Yes, this is Sarah McIntyre and I wanted to give you the latest update. We just had this startling information.
The shooter was Howard Stern and Howard's upset because the kids were watching a show on Saturday night and that's why Howard trapped them.
And then they finally at the last second potted it down and here's the look. Here are these two news anchors, a guy and a woman and they're sitting there doing a commendable job trying to like, you know, separate the BS and the rumor from reality because all of this is going on live.
And I thought to myself, there we go with that. That's the epitome of Howard's audience right there. That's it. Mindless, stupid, idiotic. Nothing is ever serious. Everything's a big, haha, big joke.
And I thought to myself that idiot, they ought to press that call and take that idiot and string them up by the balls.
Because that's the American FN way. Everything is a with those kind of people. Everything's a big FN joke.
No matter how many people are getting murdered, no matter how grotesque it is, everything's a big FN joke. See, like I've told you before, there's a time to be serious. There's a time for fun and games.
I know that better than anybody else. This ain't a time in my life for fun and games. Haven't seen what I saw yesterday for hours and hours and hours. I'm not in a humorous mood today at all.
I don't give a crap about sports today. I don't give a crap about humor today. I don't give a crap about Howard and his morons today.
Bababooie, babooie. Yeah, we're dealing with mouth brews is what we're dealing with.
Simple things. People that make Gilbert look like a rocket scientist. Okay, that's what you're dealing with with that crowd.
I still can't believe I saw that. I can't believe it.
I also saw a live that one kid, I think it was a kid who was hard to tell.
Who was trapped on the second floor bleeding to death and they saw the sign in the window from the helicopter.
I wish you could have seen the reaction of the news anchor woman. I think that was on Channel 7 in Denver because the CNN was switching back and forth from 7 to 9 and whatever the other one is.
And here's this kid who busts out the window. He's bleeding profusely all over and they've got the squad, the squad. The squad came down there at the bottom of the window and he just dangles. He just leaps and dangles and falls into their arms.
And this news anchor, I thought she was going to just fall off the sheet. She's just going to lose it understandably so.
Oh, it's time for a few jokes. Go to the, yeah, right Howard Jackass. I mean, you know, all these all these idiots about him with this crap with their religion and their God and their heaven and all.
Let me say it again. You think that those kids, those 15 kids that are dead plus the ones that are intensive care, which some of them may not make it. You think they're all going to heaven?
Is there anybody out there who really believes that? And if that's the case, by the way, and if everybody's praying now, where was your God yesterday?
Huh? What was he busy worrying about the odds on a stand the cup playoffs? Is that what God was worried about? Because I know he's very big with all those jocks who sit in the locker room, you know, with their prayer breakfast.
Oh, yeah, I thank the good Lord for helping me kid the ball kid the ball. You know, they're too bad to look at that. You know, I can't, I can't, I got a brain. I can't speak right. But that got a kid's ball.
Religious fanaticism, unbridled violence, out of control, lunatics with guns. That's America for you. That's the American F and way. It's the Wild West. Like I've told you before. Yeah, wave that flag. That's right. Wave that flag and sing that anthem.
Where the biggest and where the best we're going to kick everybody's ass. Yeah.
Just like when the Clinton stuff was going on in the rest of the world was saying, oh my God, what is wrong with these people? Can they ever possibly grow up? No.
51 to 560 Q. I.M. So listen to this response from the audience so far in the 50 Robert Young, they people. I said, sorry, sorry about that.
Not that I'm getting carried away.
5 670560. I mean, what? Don't get yourself set up for another nervous breakdown. Okay, Neil. Okay. Because they don't care. They're not the, they're just nothing cranks through a chain. 5 670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Look at the outrage. Look at the anger.
The response. Look at the psychosis. Look at the hysteria. Look at the something. All your thoughts. Okay. All of these things. All your thoughts. Let's hear them.
Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, how you doing today? Not too good, sir. Yeah, it sounds like it. Listen, before I start railing a little bit, I got to agree with you on two point. Yeah.
The media has to sensitize, is to sensitize America. You are completely right. Channels like Channel 7 down here. They take that stuff and they just make it into a media surface. You are absolutely correct. But I think you are so away off base on the fact that you're saying that this doesn't happen anywhere else but in America. Okay. You say you're a world traveler. You say you've been all over the world.
I didn't say that. I said it doesn't happen in civilized countries. Very, very, very rarely. You know why they have police on the street corners in Italy with send guns in their hands and everything else with what?
It's because with send gun machine guns in their hands in Italy and places like that. It's because the people it happens so often or it did before they started putting the police out there that that was their only alternative. Absolutely not to.
Yes, it is absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely
We are not used to the otherwise countries. We are not talking about Greece. Because we heard towards many Memphis men that this is not Japanese women's world where they are not common areas up and in another place you know veryvenidos. Mariner Bigger. Um, they are notarbeiten inza kent . Um, their
human ready for the live. Um, their life have set itself up. See their duties now and so black Canada, I think also disrespect on reason show the sense that政治 and American steel societies can aparnish the rights inopia for torn party of the world until they can any country with his wealth in playful quit.
I said it all.
If you want to have a conversation, I'll be glad to do it.
I don't deal with people that want to twist in the nipilite.
OK?
That is not what I said.
I said that there are places that are civilized
where you can walk the streets and these kinds of things
almost never happen.
And that people aren't running around killing each other
with guns.
You must be some kind of a gun apologize.
Is that what you are?
No, I'm not.
I don't own a gun.
And I feel that handgun should be banned completely
from the street.
They didn't kill these people with handguns yesterday.
I don't dig it.
What about the pipe bombs they built and what
about the hand grenades they had?
We're the high school kids.
We're the high school kids who get hand grenades.
Those thuds, that goes on all over the world.
Let me ask you something.
How many people in average year get murdered in Netherlands
or in England?
How many?
Listen.
Are you going to respond to my question?
How many people have murdered?
How many people have murdered?
No, it does not.
Yes, it does not.
I think you better look at the net as the worldwide statistics
because they do have a very high number.
No, they do not.
No, they do not.
No, now it's prime.
We're not talking about crime.
We're talking about murder is what we're talking about.
I'm talking about violent crime.
Yeah, well, how many murders did they have every year?
How many people get shot?
I'm not going to take no more.
You don't have any number.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You've probably never been in Italy.
You've probably never even had an Italian meal.
It's how close you've been.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
Sure, you're absolutely wrong.
No, it's not a perfect world.
There is no perfect country.
There's no place to hide.
But everything is relative.
Everything is relative.
And you want to tell me about terrorists?
Yeah, terrorists.
Let's talk about Oklahoma City.
OK?
They're terrorists all over the world.
Look at this response here this morning.
Look at this response from the brilliant South
Lord audience from the thoughtful millions out there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a mobile online.
I'm way off-base.
You're absolutely right.
You're I'm way off-base.
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
I've never been in these places.
It must be just I just must be lucky every time I go to these places.
That this stuff just doesn't go on.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Morning.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I listen to Howard in the morning before he come on.
And it was one of his cronies over there that made that phone call.
It was one of his underlings.
I know that.
Of course, I mean, it was one thing that they were doing with Larry King.
And you know, it might even be a little bit amusing and a bit of a bit of a
live situation where people are getting murdered and somebody thinks it's funny.
And they think it's a prank time.
They get playing the tape over and over and everybody was just a big ball and there
were false calling in.
There were no.
Wait a minute.
They were playing the tape over when this morning.
The tape, you know, I guess they reported it or whatever and they're playing it on
Howard's show this morning.
Yeah.
Of the phone call.
And they're bragging about it.
Yeah.
It blew me away.
But as long as these religious fanatics or, you know, they're the same people, the
Republicans, the right wingers, the guns, you know, the guns are not going away and we
don't have to worry about 2000 and why 2K because we're just going to kill ourselves and
you're exactly right.
You know, how often does this happen in other countries?
I'm not a world traveler, but you know, you never hear about this kind of stuff once
in a while.
Once in a blue moon and when it does happen, it's such a major story.
Here it's like, well, here's the link.
You know, we had Jonesboro.
We had Paducco.
We had the Springfield Oregon.
We had the one in Alaska.
We got the one out of the Denver now.
Every few months we got another one.
Right.
Get pissed off, you know, because, well, the jocks look down on them.
So let's go kill a bunch of people, you know, as the Josh were making fun of them.
Jesus Christ, and we're not just talking about mental illness.
We're talking about a country that, like I said, teaches no respect for human life, period.
Right.
When you live in America, sir, your life is as worthless as that cockroach I keep talking
about.
Exactly.
And now, wait for the copycat and see what happens next.
That's all I got to say.
Okay, sir.
I'm good.
They were laughing about it on Howard.
They were, they were bragging.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, doesn't surprise me.
Doesn't surprise me.
No suffering, no tragedy, nothing, nothing is grotesque enough to take imbosules and make
them say, you know, maybe now is not the time to be laughing about it, you know.
I don't see anything remotely humorous.
I'm using funny, nothing, not even close.
The only thing that's amusing in a sick way is to hear the response to some of these
people, these simplistic answers as usual.
Well, if the kids were just, we're uniforms and we'd have a lot more prayers.
Where was God yesterday in little tin Colorado?
That's what I would like to know.
Where was your God yesterday to protect these kids?
Where was he?
Where is he every time something like this goes on?
Oh, he works in mysterious way.
Yeah, well, he must be awful busy.
He must be awful busy punishing people because they touched the wrong place today before
or they screwed around with the wrong person or whatever it is that he's pissed off about
today.
His wrath is waxing hot.
The gunfire is waxing hot, but God's wrath is waxing hot.
And just a very notion of that, like I've told you before, the idea of all these imperfections
in these supposedly perfect God, all these human foibles because men with foibles invented
a God right after their own image.
How many times have I said that?
Man invented God in his own image.
Make no mistake about it.
With all of these weaknesses, he gets angry, he gets pissed off, he's sending down the
locust, he's got starting the flood, he's drowning everybody, he's telling the Israelis,
kill all the Egyptians, kill, kill, kill.
But he's a loving and compassionate God.
He loves you.
The God people don't ever forget it, boys and girls.
The God people are the crazy people and those are the ones you ought to be the most afraid
of.
Because they're the ones that are going to make you an offer you can't refuse.
A media is sick and needs help badly.
It's the latest innovation in banking.
Welcome.
Please enter your secret bank card number.
Okay.
Thank you.
Now enter the amount you would like to withdraw.
It's the banking machine that talks to you.
$300.
That is a lot of money.
Well, I've got a big weekend planned.
It's the semi-automatic teller.
What up, your hands and get me all your money.
What?
Every semi-automatic teller is equipped with an assault rifle.
And a bad attitude.
Next one is Walt Miss, also plays your money in the slot and equally quietly.
The semi-automatic teller elevates the middleman.
It robs you quickly, efficiently, and in a well-lighted setting too.
Can I at least keep up your farts for dinner?
Now.
Okay.
I think I can't stop.
I think it off.
It's the newest breakthrough in banking.
Well, semi-automatic teller.
Number FDIC in RA.
1045 at 560 W. Kim.
By the way, to go back to that first clown that called this morning that was so adamant
and psychotic and wanted to make a speech.
Most terrorist acts all around the world are recommended by whom.
I religious fanatics.
Oh, sorry.
So a lot of the countries, a lot of the civilized countries that we're talking about.
The terrorist acts are committed by people who don't live there, but by people who come
in from outside who are the shot distributors.
Okay.
Who want to show somebody a thing or two?
We're talking about an uncivilized country, sir, which you don't want to admit.
You don't want to face up to.
I know it's embarrassing.
It's embarrassing for me.
I've lived here all my life.
It's humiliating and degrading that in spite of the land of the free and all the cliches,
the land of the great cliches.
We're number one.
That's right.
Number one in murder, number one in violent crime.
You name it.
When it comes to the good categories like life expectancy and a lot of the most of the
others, we're like way down on the list.
Literacy rate, way down on the list.
That's why there's always the big argument here about bilingualism because half the people
in this country are functionally illiterate just in one language in English.
So don't expect them to learn something else.
You're dreaming?
This guy must be dreaming in one in Italy that this stuff used to go on all the streets.
Is anybody ever seen it?
Let me say it again.
I'll tell that story for about the 10th time now.
About the only time I ever heard a gunshot fired in Rome.
Two or three years ago in Rome, we have lunch in our favorite trot to read on.
There's commodities on a Saturday.
I'll never forget it.
And all of a sudden you hear a gunshot go up and your woman is screaming like I thought
somebody got shot.
I thought I was back in Miami.
Well, coming to find out that we're having a political rally that day and some kid,
somehow somewhere, he got a hold of the gun.
Did he shoot somebody?
No.
He fired a shot up into the air.
Because one of the tourists had been out there on the streets, one of the English speaking
tourists and we just, you know, told us what had happened.
And within a matter of seconds, within a matter of milliseconds after this episode occurred,
there were every kind of police, the police, the, uh, the carbon area and every kind of
police you ever saw in your life and something you never heard of.
They came rushing out from every direction and grabbed this kid and took him in behind
a kind of cabinet building.
I don't know what that was going on in there, but you can only imagine beat the living
crap out of him.
Okay, and I don't think you'll see that gun no more, either pal.
They don't cotton the people running around firing off guns there.
Here in America, oh, it's the fourth of July.
Well, how many people got killed this year by a fallout from assholes running around shooting
their guns off?
New year's day, fourth of July.
Make no mistake about it, baby.
No matter how much you were in denial.
That's the American way.
That's right.
How many years have I been telling you that it's the wild mess.
It's the wild mess.
That's the wild mess.
You're right.
In and of themselves, they don't kill anybody, but when they're in a hands of irresponsible
people of lunatics, of madmen, of parents who just leave them laying around and don't give
a crap and it goes on every day right here in this town.
How many stories?
How many people are dead?
How many kids are dead?
Because they went home.
They were bored.
They decided to dittle around all guess what?
They opened the door.
There's daddy's gone.
Oh, let's see what that's.
There you go.
Oh, sorry, pal.
You're dead.
I didn't mean it.
Or maybe the kid is dead himself.
Yeah, well, I mean, do we give a driver's license to a car except in South Florida?
We give it to anybody like a banana world people.
But generally speaking, in theory at any rate, do we give a driver's license to a 10-year-old
kid?
No.
Why?
Because a 10-year-old kid, we don't think is responsible and mature enough to be out there
driving a car in a highway.
And the American people are not responsible and mature enough to be owned in all kinds
of guns and weapons.
It's as simple as that.
If they were, I have no problem.
But you're not mature enough to protect your guns to put them away to lock them up, to
put a trigger lock to do something.
So everybody in their brother now, because it's the American FNW, they've got every kind
of weapon.
They've got an arsenal of weapons.
And they're pissed off.
So they get pissed off.
They fill up with somebody or a few people or a bunch of people.
That's a good idea.
And, sir, you can make up all kinds of statistics and all kinds of stories.
I don't think you've ever been out of South Florida in your life.
The closest to you ever been to Italy was a can of Franco-Americans spaghetti.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello?
Hey, Neal, how are you?
Okay, sir.
We have three quick points.
Number one, set one idea that's called talking about the civilization.
Let me just bring up this point.
If you want to base how civilized people are, let's base it on the quality of education.
And to bring it out, matter of fact, the US is ranked very low in the world.
So I don't think the people here are not just intelligent, but not mature enough as well.
But you're not supposed to use that term quality of life that you'd very upset like that's
some kind of a commie liberal pinco expression, quality of life.
I thought we shouldn't be worried about that.
Oh, that's true.
And my second point, and one of the things that I just thought about is I was just watching
a news conference here from the Sheriff's Office.
Yeah.
I wondered if that incident would have happened here in South Florida.
Do you think motor likely they would have probably turned it into a racial issue?
Did all of them, how do you know it depends on who would have gotten shot?
I mean, they tried to make it into a racial issue out of there.
Some of the kids said, no, no, no, no, no, I'm just thinking, you know, pondering
that because, you know, it happened.
I don't understand.
You had two white punks shooting up mostly other white people.
How do you make that into a racial issue?
I don't know.
I think white kids went into a school and shot a bunch of black kids.
I guess they would have made it into a racial issue, not only here, but just there
out anywhere.
And maybe it would have been.
They already said that one of these punks was running around using the N word in the
hallways and that one of the kids they shot was black evidently.
But of course, you heard all kinds of different stories from a lot of historical kids yesterday
like you would expect because these kids were scared out of their brains.
The sit there watching this live is I did all afternoon yesterday and watching these
kids running by dozens, running out of the school at various times with the SWAT teams getting
them out of there with their hands behind their head because of course the SWAT teams had
no way of knowing which ones were the victims and which ones were the perfect raiders.
And God forbid they should let the kids get away, come running out of their posing as
victims.
Watching that was one of the most unbelievable, bizarre experiences of my life.
And this guy that called the first call today Mr. Defender just waved the flag pal, waved
the flag like I said, it's all relative.
No, there's no place that's perfect, no place to run and hide, but it's all relative.
And this country is a freaking slaughterhouse.
And if you want to deny it, good luck to you go out and fart in the wind storm, you'll
have the same result as you'll have with me arguing that this is not a slaughterhouse.
Human life has no freaking value.
So what's the point arguing all this religion bull crap and God this and heaven, what
difference does it make?
Like they got to call me the other day, what's the purpose of life in America?
Basically nothing.
Nothing.
There's no purpose.
You just try to survive.
That's all the survive it.
Here's marathon.
Hello.
Yeah, on your religion subject, I agree with you completely.
I don't see how there could be people can call somebody a God when like my father, he
just passed away three months ago from cancer.
I saw him sitting there dying.
Right.
I don't see how somebody can sit there and say that there's a God up there because if there's
a God, he wouldn't have people suffer.
Right.
Exactly.
The God that man invented was a sadistic God.
He always, he loves suffering.
He loves punishment.
It's like he's testing us.
How, what is like an endurance contest?
How much pain and suffering and sickness and grotesque stuff can we stand?
You know, what kind of a twisted mentality?
What kind of mentality is that?
I mean, I agree with you completely.
That's my two cents.
I'll talk to you later.
Okay.
Good luck now.
God, and just like that song, I play over and over again.
I love that song because it's so, that's all you need to hear.
The Lord made them all cancer.
Every virus, every illness, every disease, every form of bacteria, the invent of them all,
the snakes, the every grotesque poisonous thing if you believe in this, in these fairy
tales.
And like I said yesterday, the guy says, well, what do you believe in?
Well, what is your fate?
I said, I have faith in myself.
That's what the American people, that's what living and breathing people with a half a
brain if they have one.
That's what they have to start doing is having faith in themselves.
And their ability to solve problems and to live like civilized human beings.
Like I said, do no harm.
It's common sense.
You don't have to read it in the book somewhere that you don't go killing people.
If you got to read that in the book, then they ought to lock you away somewhere because
you're mighty dangerous.
If you're that stupid, that you don't take your next door neighbor's car, you don't screw
his wife, and you don't kill somebody.
You got to read that in the book somewhere.
After all these thousands of years, that's how far we've evolved.
Oh, well, the good book says, yeah, right.
The good book, my ass, the book that talks all about murder and killing the Egyptians
and killing this one and driving them out of their homes into the sea and yada yada yada
and kill your firstborn because it's an SNM game.
I'm testing you again, Abraham.
I'm not giving you a test again.
Jesus, God.
The sickest book that was ever conceived that's ever been written.
And people are arguing and screaming and killing each other based on that crap.
Give me a break.
Let me say it again.
All you great people are so much better than I am.
Of course, all your believers out there, you're really good people that are going to
go to heaven.
Where was God yesterday?
Where was he?
And they'll say, oh, you have to look at all the kids who come out alive.
Like one of the kids, and if you're not, I don't understand.
I don't blame the kid because naturally they're terrified.
He's, oh, I just thanked the Lord that I was able to get out of there.
Well, of course, he's going to say that because he's been conditioned to saying that.
And of course, my immediate thought is what about the ones who didn't get out?
Do they thank the Lord?
Are the ones that are clinging there further,
fighting for their lives in a hospital?
In intensive care?
Are they thanking the Lord that they're in his shape today?
What kind of a simpleton believes this crap?
That's what I would like to know.
And until man decides that he's got the ability to stop all of these things until
that day comes, then we're never going to make any progress,
especially in this country that's over-religionized to the point of insanity.
It's like a national lunacy.
Oh, well, we're having a prayer meeting now to make us all feel better.
Where was God yesterday?
Forget about after the fact at the prayer meeting.
What are you praying for, huh?
What are you praying for now?
It's a little bit late.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello?
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Dan, our history of it.
Yes.
Listen.
Another one.
A couple of, yeah, another one.
I got a couple of points.
Number one on the Italy thing.
I lived there for four years back in the mid-80s,
and I've been there a couple of times in the 90s, then.
Yeah.
And while I lived there all that four years,
I was, I was an Udini.
I was in the newly-region and the Veneto region.
I've been all over the country, you know,
nine out with the guys, party and stuff like that.
Walking around two, three, five in the morning.
You know what?
Never one time did I fear for my life.
Right.
Never one time did I fear that somebody was going to come and shoot me in the head
because I was walking down the street.
Right.
It's just amazing to me that all these people call up at all,
and it's over in Europe, and they're so bad, and everything's good.
I saw no blood bath in Europe.
I lived there for four years.
It was the greatest four years of my life.
My god, I could walk with my family down the street at night.
It was great.
Point number two.
Your faith starts with parenting.
I'm sorry.
You can kid.
You can feed your kids this book of crap all you want.
But you've got to care enough about your kids
to let them know that you know what?
If they're angry, there's ways to take care of it.
Right.
There's ways to take care of it without going and shooting people around you
without going and hurting people around you.
And I'm a parent.
I have a two-year-old, butternate, 18-year-old son.
You know what?
If he's listening to Marilyn Manson and running around talking how screwed up
everything is and now he's going to kill something,
I'm going to stop and say, hey, man, what's the problem?
What's the matter?
Come talk to him.
Let me know.
You've got a problem.
It's my problem.
I want to help you solve it.
But no.
No, we want to just step back and we want to say, oh, it's God.
It's in God's hands.
God's going to handle it.
Well, you know what?
God didn't handle it yesterday.
He didn't handle it.
And now all those kids are dead.
Yeah.
He's having some problems last the several thousand years.
He just, he's a human.
Well, neither that or he just isn't competent.
He's inept.
You know, he just can't get it right.
Hang in there, pal.
Listen, thanks a lot, man, for the chance I appreciate it.
Okay, have a good day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
He works in mysterious ways.
Maybe someday he'll, you know, finally respond when he's finished with all those ball games.
You know, he's got to take care of the athletes 1101 and 560,
and let me give you a perfect example of what I'm talking about today here in Michael.
And I heard hankiest today say about how Michael Mayo is written all these great columns lately.
I'm trying to think of which one he might be talking about.
I haven't read any.
Michael, I haven't apologized today.
Helberstam yet, Mayo, Mr. Hipster, Mr. Full of crap, Mr. Liar, Liar, Pants on fire.
Here, this is, this is perfect.
I read it this morning and I almost forgot about bringing it up on the ear here.
This is the best.
He's got one of these other columns where he doesn't really have anything to say today.
So he's got all these little points that he writes in here.
About half a third of the way down, he says, I'm all forgiving Cecil Collins a chance,
but I'm putting a double dead bowl on my door and locking the windows just the same.
But he starts off, I say, I'm forgiving my chance.
In the very next sentence, he says, athletes busted for drugs or prostitutes.
Don't bother me.
Consenting adults should be allowed to mess themselves up, however they want.
It's the ones who repeatedly assault women who make my skin crawl.
Okay.
Now, are we following the logic in this?
From one sentence to the other.
He's all forgiven Cecil a chance, but he makes his skin crawl.
Uh-huh.
Where's your value system, Michael Mayo?
And like I said yesterday, with that awful great co-text column of the worst I've ever read in my life.
You know, this business of a separate standard.
How many guys who work over there at the newspapers in this town, if you were convicted or played guilty,
the breaking into women's apartments and assaulting them twice, molesting them twice,
how many of you guys would be working your jobs today?
Any?
No.
No.
And like I said, that's the American effluent way too.
That's all a part of it.
That's like I said this station.
I mean, once in a while there's something important going on in the world that maybe somebody on this radio station might have a comment about as opposed to who the goddamn dolphins drafted and some stupid ball game draft.
Like it makes a difference in the, in the state of life, in the future of the world.
Jesus Christ, get a brain sum of you guys here.
If anything important is going on in the world, this would be the last station I would ever turn on.
I'll tell you that.
We appeal to a bunch of mindless jocks, nifers, is what we appeal to, 20 hours a day.
Want to buy some Marlon spots?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's a lady in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
First, I just feel really shaken by this.
And you're the only one so far this morning whose force the public have to deal with it.
Everybody will be so distracted today.
It'll just be another day where they don't really take to heart what is happening here.
Uh-huh.
As far as the really...
As a condition to it.
They're conditioned and they accept it, which is the most deplorable part.
Thank you.
How can you accept this?
It is hideous.
I listen to Bob and Tom in the morning.
I love their show.
But to hear them carrying on and doing their same old stick, I just couldn't take it this morning.
It was like, oh my god, look what's happened here.
But the only other things I want to say.
First of all, a tragedy like this, as far as my experience has been with believers or very religious people,
it encourages them and gives them the opportunity to play the state in cards.
They're going to say this is all the more reason we need to believe in Jesus.
We need to dedicate our lives to Jesus and blah, blah, blah, blah.
What is Jesus doing about it?
What is he?
You know, the mother married the Virgin Mary.
She's busy on the side of a bank building in Pensacola somewhere, or she's up there at the Rosalope House in Hollywood,
or she's up there somewhere at that little time to cater Georgia.
Well, they don't think of that.
They just want to lay the blame somewhere else instead of saying we're all to blame.
We all have to be responsible as parents.
The parenting in this country has, like, taken in those days.
On one hand, you know, all these yuppies having kids, they're rich cars, the magazines telling you how to do this, how to do that fine.
That's how you have to learn to be a parent these days is to look it up in a book, because nobody's home with these kids,
or they don't have time to pay attention to them.
People have to work very hard to make a living, and the children are being neglected.
You know, there may be other problems, but the parent has to be held accountable for their children.
And the religious people are too busy running around shooting abortion to the doctors and putting bottom of the abortion clinics.
You know, the busy setting a good example.
Well, it's just so sad, and I appreciate you're really taking the time to deal with this.
I hope people will realize that this just can't continue.
Yeah, okay, thanks.
Have a great day.
I mean, I said, they're, I did it voluntarily. I could, you know, turn out a ball game last night, which I guess I did for about 10 seconds,
but then I kept turning back to this, because how can you be watching a ball game?
They canceled. I'm sure there are some sports nerds.
Oh, gee, how can they cancel a Rocky's game there last night in Denver?
How can they cancel a baseball game?
Let me remind you, by the way, that after your president Kennedy got assassinated in November of 63,
that the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, they canceled all the games that we can.
But that's Sunday, the National Fellon League, they had to go ahead.
And now, years later, oh, that was a bad mistake. That was bad public relations.
Because nothing's more important than the National Fellon League. You don't understand that, don't you?
That takes great precedence over anything else in our lives.
Seriously, listening to these idiots calling that the fact that there are those of you out there who really after seeing this, after this goes on again,
to this magnitude, and you can, with a straight face, you can actually be calling up a radio show and talking about,
well, if you think Cecil can make the team and you think that they gotta go, you're running back, you're gonna get...
You need to be put away in straight check. It's we need to be protected from people like you.
You're the problem. Not just the kids that did all the killing us today.
You're the problem. You're a big part of it. Because your mind does idiots.
You're siblings.
And that thing that he told, I have no way of knowing, because I don't listen.
But if they were actually playing that tape on Howard this morning and playing it over and over and laughing about it like it was a joke,
he's a lot more of an invisible and ever thought he was.
I mean, remember he's got canned at first time at WNBC, or was it Washington got canned after the plane crash, making jokes about all the people that died in the plane crash?
Years ago? Yeah, got canned.
Even for a simple didn't like you, Howard, with all your money and your big nose and all your sycophantics followers,
even for you, is there some time in life that anything becomes serious, that anything, I guess not?
What am I asking to get to rhetorical questions? Because I heard the crank call on there yesterday, myself.
I mean, that's a, it just made me want to sit on the floor and cry.
To think that there could be anybody out there that much of a simpleton.
While we're watching live, all these hundreds and hundreds of 1800 kids go to that school, watching hundreds of kids cowering and fighting and hoping to try to stay alive.
And it's joke time. Alright, let's get Jackie to joke man and make a put about that, huh?
Jesus Christ.
Not only a barbaric and violent country, but an incredibly dumb country, dumb, the UM, dumb.
That's one of the reasons they admire all these dumb jokes. I mean, what things this make out dumb they are because a lot of these people can relate to it.
You know what I'd be saying?
But you just keep making babies. Well, he just keep reproducing.
So, 1109, of course, so what do you do when you make babies you give out cigars? That's right, when you have a baby, huh? That was a nice segue. And he'll thank you.
You hand out a great, I don't just hand out some cheap dime store cigar. People will talk about you say, you know, you know, that John, he gave me a real crappy cigar when his wife had the baby.
But if you give a great cigar from next, they'll say, you know something, he must not be too bad of a guy. He's a guy with class. He knows where to find the good stuff and cigars too.
Yeah.
My religion better than your religion.
Yes. My religion better than yours.
No.
My religion wants you to fly a few of the way to length of a fire. My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours.
My religion and the cake, the tree and the racial fate. My religion better than yours.
I religion better than yours.
I religion better than yours.
But we like the best, I find the points and where to address. My religion better than yours.
Why religion better than yours?
My religion is what I've been doing.
We have no respect for what we've been trying to make a living fire.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
You for help or us, we go, we slaughter, take them, don't we go.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion is your class.
We will be the Catholic church and the Catholic church.
My religion better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Okay.
We now go and doors to bothers you like former brushes.
You are new.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We wear tight and white our bikes and get to marry lots of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We know one of you is our king.
My religion is better than yours.
I'm 15 at 560 WQAM.
We have a couple of open lines in there.
I know it's hard to believe.
560, 750, 560, £560 on the ATT.
Whatever that is, wireless line.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I want to say hello to you.
I also want to ask you a question about guns.
Why in the hell are guns legal in this country?
They say that you have to have guns for what reason?
You don't need the end guns period.
They say hunting rifles are important.
They kill the fensils, the animals.
They can't fight back.
That's just as bad as shooting people.
I don't think almost.
Well, see, American FNW, like I told you,
it's part of American culture.
They don't want to give it up.
They hang on strenuously in the National Rifle Association.
It's got millions and millions and millions of dollars
to keep you know, feathering the pockets of all the politicians
and making sure that nobody does anything that is rational about it.
And in addition to which the public is irresponsible
and so as to result, everybody's got a bunch of guns
and the kids get a hold of them and ludicates get a hold of them.
And we're all killing each other.
That's the American way.
You're absolutely right, except for one thing.
The power of the word is more powerful than money.
And I think if all the radio show people have had together
and they talked about the destruction of guns,
Yeah, well, your breaths are good luck to us all have a wonderful life.
All the radio people get together.
We're going to solve this problem, right?
Maybe if we could get Charlton Heston involved here with our campaign.
Good old.
And by the way, there's an interesting thing.
You son of a bitch.
We're going to hell was it in the middle of these 18,000 stories
about the fact that there's a big NRA convention going on there in Denver?
It's in here somewhere.
I'll find it.
Oh, yeah, here you go.
The gun debate takes on new meaning.
Let's see, they're making plans yesterday to descend on the Colorado Convention Center
during the three day NRA meeting that's coming up in the Denver.
And you've got Gillians and Gillians and April 30th at starts in Denver.
There's the date.
The NRA people are going to be there.
Charlton Heston is going to be there.
Of course, we've never met a gun they didn't like,
unless you pointed it and put it in his back home.
Here's a fact from a lady who's from Berrin, Switzerland.
She says, I've been listed on your program for five years.
You're on the money with today's topic.
I'm from Switzerland, the since and it is horrified,
me to silence, et cetera, and so on.
Society's deterioration is tragic.
She says, absolutely correct, ma'am.
Here's the fact that this is I agree with you about Europe.
I've been there many times.
It's totally different.
That's because the system is different.
The way of thinking is different.
As you know in Europe, they show boobs and nudity on TV.
And you see that the beach and the rape rate is non-existent.
Also, you and I know the Italians in French eat a lot of fatty foods.
They don't get fat.
And it goes on about that whole well.
You know, this is America, man.
Everything is done here to make money for certain, for selfish interest.
And they don't give a crap about the public.
And the public is easily brainwashed because they're poorly educated.
But even just taking that all scraping it off the surface,
what kind of basic values do the American, forget about all the other countries in the world.
We're not living in those.
What kind of basic values do the American people have when we can have as many?
I'm not saying that everybody out there's this come back.
Because if that were the case, we'd have total energy.
But we're not that far away from it.
What kind of values do you have?
What kind of value do we place on human life when this kind of stuff can go on?
And it's like, you know, it's you that was terrible.
What's next?
How can you live like that?
How can you deal with this?
How can you sit there and watch that stuff live yesterday and watch them carting away the bodies of these bloody kids?
Some of whom aren't going to make it probably.
It's just mind boggling to me.
I don't understand it.
I just I can't relate to people all almost all of men are so much better than I am.
You know, they're good old religious heterosexual God loving Jesus worshipping.
You know, great folks, but they don't give a crap about this.
Like I've told you before in America, as long as it isn't you or somebody that you care about,
some of your family, your friends, whoever, as long as they leave you alone,
then it's okay.
Doesn't bother you.
Doesn't affect me, right?
Yes.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Good morning.
Listen, Near, I called you the other morning.
One of the girls, one of the guys that were shooting said to one of the victims,
you believe in God and she said, yes, and he blew up brains out.
Yeah.
So this was like told you.
Yes, God wasn't listening right at the moment.
He must have been tuned to another channel.
No, can you imagine this?
You know, religion people out there, it's self-respect.
Everybody has to respect each other.
You don't have to, you know, let's see my religion would have worked yesterday.
DNA, stew no harm.
I would have meant that, you know, just obviously anybody knows you don't come in and blow somebody else away
because you're pissed off or for any reason.
You know, do no harm.
It just commonsense.
Let me just say this though, you know, when we were young, you're a little old and I am,
but when we were young, we had songs on the radio about the girl next door.
Now if you take a look at what the lyrics are, these songs,
all the songs, all the degenerates.
So let me, let me, let me, let me, let me tell you in other words,
that the music on the radio is that what you tell me,
that they listen to the girl in the mansion music,
is that what it is because you don't have a wonderful life.
You're sounding like an old funny dirty now, okay?
Maybe with those Elvis Presley records that, you know, set me on the wrong path.
Oh yeah, no, back in the 50s when Elvis and that whole rock and roll thing first started
Bill Haley and Elvis, there was that all the religionists,
and he's the usual religious nuts.
Oh, it's the end of the world.
We got a bandist and protest that, and they couldn't show Elvis from the waist down on the L.I.S. Sullivan show.
Like I said, more sex, less violence.
That's what we need in America.
Like this fact says, you know, you go to Europe and you turn on a, not the cable channel,
just the over-the-air channels.
And they got commercials, they got programs with women with naked boobs and people running around.
Nobody gets all titillated about that if you part in that expression.
Nobody gets all, here, God forbid, we got people sitting there rubbing themselves raw,
watching national geographic shows on public television.
Oh gee, it's a naked breast.
I mean, she made me grotesque in the real dark complex.
You know, it's pathetic.
It's embarrassing.
Juvenile.
That's America for you.
Juvenile.
This is a country that refuses to grow up.
That's why we went through penis skate with the president.
Oh, he got a few blow jobs.
Oh my God, let's bring the country down.
Let's bring the government down.
He got a couple of blow jobs.
And they had some phone sex.
And, and, oh well, that's bad.
And then we find out that most of the people that were shouting the loudest that's bad,
they were doing worse stuff.
They were breaking up other people's families having illicit affairs.
Right, Henry, Jacqueline Hyde.
You fat turdburger, piece of crap.
Oh, I'm just concerned about the children.
Yeah, how about the children in the family that broke up,
that poor old bastard up there in the West, and like I've asked for the 5,000 times.
Didn't care about them, while you were busy lying to that broad.
Or you weren't married.
Oh, but that was when he was young and sewing his oaths at 41.
That's pretty young.
He was just a young whoops snapper.
He didn't know the Benny better.
Syntomonious hypocrites like I told you,
all the year plus that we went through all that penis skate stuff.
Keep your nose out of people's bedrooms and have respect for human life.
There you go.
What a freaking concept.
Have respect for other people.
Make human and let me say it again.
The guy that asked yesterday, who was just a gas.
You know, one of several ed, so feel so sorry.
I don't have any faith.
You know, what's it all about?
Have respect for yourself.
Have respect for the value of life.
That's all.
Period.
Very simple.
What kind of scumbag, what kind of some human crap does these things?
Some human crap.
Not to serve it.
And then of course we have to hear about, well, they had emotional problems.
I don't want to hear about their problems.
If the two of them would not have shot themselves, it would have been captured yesterday.
I'd be all for putting them right today on the noon news nationwide,
canceling school for everybody, and executing them today on the noon news.
I'd be all for it.
I'd be glued to it.
I'd be riveted to it.
And everybody just like in a clockwork orange,
everybody, especially young people,
would have had to be forced like with toothpicks in their eyes to watch it,
whether they wanted to or not.
And say, this is what happens when you do these kind of unacceptable, aberrant things, okay?
Oh, but they were misunderstood.
Yeah, right.
Uh-huh.
All of a sudden, colleges got to get into it now.
And like this guy, oh, I only listened to that music with those lyrics.
How come they listen to the same music with the same lyrics in Europe
and they're not running around shooting each other in school?
Maybe because they have a different set of values,
so that could that possibly be a different value system?
Maybe because they've been taught to respect human life?
Oh, what a concept.
Here's Miami B.
Chilla.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
You know what's really disgusting?
The thing with the expression here in South Florida is,
it guns were outlawed.
Only outlaws would have guns.
You have James?
I'm not a Florida thing.
That's all over the world.
Yeah, but I hear it here a lot.
James Brady is in a wheelchair.
He's not vegetable, but he's in bad shape.
The president of the United States was shot by a handgun.
But do we even think about getting off the streets?
Of course not.
Of course not, because Charlton has been in the NRA.
They don't look highly on it.
Guns are the best in the industry.
This is Hollywood celebrity TV.
And you know what?
When you guys play that gun show on your air,
the commercial for the gun show, I'm so awesome.
Absolutely rejected.
If I had my way, if I had any way to control the recorded spots around the show,
you'd never hear them.
So that's why every now and then,
I'm top one of those in the spot as my protest,
but it's nothing I can do about them.
Here's the wireless swill you hear on sports talk also.
Yesterday Guy calls into Hank and he goes,
you know, Hank, I was in college too.
I made mistakes once in a while.
One time I stole a parking spick from a guy's car.
Oh, that's just like Malice.
He's packing in their parking.
You're gonna think of a person.
You're gonna think of a person.
You're gonna think of a person.
I mean, Hank was dumbfounded.
He couldn't click them all quick enough.
Yeah, but how come Hank was defending it today before?
How come he was sucking up the Jimmy again in defending it?
See, that's one thing.
Because Hank has a problem that way.
You know, he's...
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
He's got a lot of people in his house.
I think David Halberstam should be honored that you called for his being fired because coming from a smuck like you, Michael, I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
I think it's appropriate.
Drop to your knees and pray, or those hemorrhoids won't ever go away.
It's screw you to you ungrateful little bastard.
The latest release from God.
It's better than the Book of Mormon, better than the Torah, and the Bible combined.
Oh, by yours today.
It's the level 31 to 55, 50 WQAM.
We got you to manage briefly before the baseball game 330, the adjoints in the Marlins, and the interest in ads.
Oh, and thanks so.
Here's a fax way to hear this.
Unfind, of course.
Uncle Neil, God has nothing to do with all the man made crap that's going on.
God is love.
Wherever there is love, God is.
If there is no love, you know what's man made crap is simple as that.
Man is free to do whatever they want if they want to kill each other.
God has nothing to do with that.
How do you like that?
I think I've heard, you know, in network uses.
I think I've seen the face of God.
I think I've heard the voice of God.
He was saying, and then let's do it that.
Yeah, no matter what it is.
Unless it's love.
Why doesn't man try and take responsibility for their own acts in quit blaming God?
It says.
Isn't that amazing?
He's only got to do with the good stuff, like the plagues and the floods and that kind of stuff.
Well, when it comes to murder and all these other people praying to their God to intercede and save them and you.
Most of the time, he don't quite make it in time.
He's like that Clark Kent and the wheelchair thing, you know.
He don't quite get there in time.
Too bad Jimmy did.
5667 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T White House line.
I'm still asking.
I'm waiting for the first person to call.
I mean, that was an idiotic fact, pointless ridiculous.
Where was God yesterday?
Now, how come the grease man got fired by the way for, you know, that comment he made that supposedly racist comment that he made an obviously joking way.
And yet other people can go on here and like make a joke out of 15 kids getting shot and killed.
For their own self-aggrandizement.
For their own big fat never ending egos.
I wonder about that.
Just thinking out loud, you know.
Here's Boca. Hello.
Yeah, you know, religion doesn't even make the top 10 list of things that caused those shootings yesterday.
Yeah, but you've turned this tragedy and an opportunity to go on with your anti-religious agenda.
And I don't see how that.
Let me ask. Let me finish.
Let me ask you a question.
No, I'm not going to let you finish anything. Where was God yesterday when this was going on?
I don't know.
Oh, how am I supposed to know?
I don't know since you're the one who believes in him and I don't.
I didn't say that.
Oh, you're putting words on my mouth.
You don't want to say anything.
You believe in God?
Listen to what I said.
You believe in God.
Religion doesn't even make the top 10 list of things.
Sir, do you believe in God?
Yes, I do.
Okay, so then why did you get up selling? I said that he was obvious that you do.
Because I never said I did.
Uh-huh. Well, now you did.
Okay, now I do.
But now we've established that.
Okay.
Now we've established that.
Okay, so let's move on with a good, a great aspect.
Wait a minute.
But you're going on, make turning this tragedy into an opportunity to spread this anti-religious stuff that you have.
And I don't see how that's much better than what Howard did.
Oh, really?
Yeah, why don't you do that?
Yeah, really.
In other words, if I made it into a joke, it would be okay.
Or, you know, how would you do that?
No, why don't you talk about the issues?
I am talking about the issues.
I'm talking about the value of the American public.
I'm talking about the screwed up.
And that's a big part of it.
About 10% of what you talked about is the other 90% has been religion.
And what does that have to do with anything?
It has to do so very much with the American morality and the American sense of what is moral.
That's what it has to do with.
You know what I mean?
And that's not 90% of what I've talked about, really.
You're absolutely full of crap about that.
About the bitch who's been playing all day.
Well, how much time do they take a minute of peace?
And no, that's all you've been talking about.
And no, it is not, sir.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
Okay, sir.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
I'm going to blow it out your religious ass.
This kind of thing is not the norm.
It is not in every month, every six months, every whatever recurrence.
And it's just thickening to think that this is the country we live in.
So I don't know what the answer is about God.
I'll see you at the passport office.
Goodbye.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's go to a mobile and curl spot.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I spoke to you several times before.
I'm a guy who makes this living working over in Europe.
And let me just say this about European culture.
They still have problems over there.
I mean, they're not related to the availability of weapons,
which are available widely and easily here in the United States.
We all know that.
We're absolutely screwed up on that issue.
But they still have their problems over there.
I mean, they have...
What do you mean they have their problems?
Everybody's got problems.
Yeah, I mean, they have their violence over there,
but not to the degree that we have.
Are you afraid to walk the streets?
I mean, I don't know what cities you're talking about.
Absolutely not.
You're absolutely right.
Yeah.
I'm not afraid to walk the streets.
Are people shooting each other in public schools?
No, absolutely.
Yeah.
So what I'm talking about, like I said, everything is well about it.
I'm not trying to say I found paradise that there's some place that's perfect.
There is no such thing.
Yeah, I agree with it.
But there are people.
There are problems.
Let me introduce a point of history and religion, which may have a bearing on what we're talking about here.
When a Catholic church controlled all religions up until a reformation,
there was a central authority by which life and death was basically issued from Rome.
Once the reform situation took place in Europe,
you had the beginning of new ideas.
And one of those ideas was what we call Dutch Calvinism.
And Dutch Calvinism substituted the idea of salvation with the idea of profit.
Because the Dutch believed that if a man could show a profit essentially in his business,
he must be doing something right.
And that idea really took hold in Europe and around the world.
And that is what has led to this substitution of moral and ethical behavior
for the practice of making money, the supercapulism, which we have, which overrides,
and count demands, all the other supercapulists and the Americans,
we were the good religious people.
I mean, I'm missing something here somewhere.
Well, you have to know.
Have you ever been to the Netherlands, sir?
Oh, sure.
I just came back.
In fact, I've discussed that with you.
I spent five months over there working.
Oh, yeah.
The other one that hated it, like, Poison, OK, thank you.
Now we know who that is.
Remember that call?
He hated it.
And how horrendous it is.
And Yani, Yani, Yani.
Maybe got into some bad news.
Twenty before noon at 560 WQM.
They know.
And they were going to get this guy to finally blow it out.
And, you know, I suppose him for who he is.
This is the same guy, in case you missed his civilating call a few weeks ago,
who called the shoulder brag that he had lived in the Netherlands, that he's a business guy.
And based on business, he was forced to live there for five months.
And he came up with a stew observation that anybody who lived there for any period of time
would absolutely positively become a drug addict.
So he was an asshole when he made that call.
And he was an asshole when he made this call.
Of course, Georgia is sitting in there spewing and foaming at them often.
And the smoke is out of his ears.
And wanting to get into a big solid of the answer about the pre-reformation church
and about the Spanish acquisition and the crusades.
And all the hundreds of thousands or millions of people that were slaughtered
because somebody made them an offer that couldn't refuse.
Or they did refuse.
Or they shouldn't have refused.
What's the point?
Consider the source.
Consider the source.
Maybe not enough of those magic mushrooms.
And I'm stood up.
I mean, when somebody calls this program, or when somebody would say that to me
and pass in conversation on a bus in a parking lot,
that anybody who spends any like the time and Amsterdam will be certainly become a drug addict.
This man needs mental help is what he needs.
The most ludicrous, the most idiotic, the most ass-in-on comment I've ever heard in my life.
I have walked past every cafe, every brown cafe, every drug place, the whatever,
what kind of copie of whatever they call that place.
The place with the magic mushrooms.
I can't even think of the names of all these joints.
Cannabis connoisseurs.
Have I ever gone in?
No.
Do I give a rat's ass about any of those places?
No.
Do most of the people that I see go in?
No.
Do the people that want to go in and go in there?
I'll just give it a few months.
Yeah, right.
I'll just give it a few months of it.
You'll be a pond up.
Forget about podhead.
No, you'll become a drug addict.
Stunky.
Right, there you go.
You'll be shooting up right out there on the streets right on the root of gasoline.
Sir, you're a crazy person.
You're out of your mind.
In fact, I'm surprised they haven't revoked your visa master card,
and you'll post a board though.
Jackass.
Fort Myers, hello.
Yeah, Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
I have to do something to avoid out hopper spirit.
I don't think it was spirit that made that call or set that up.
That was a listener.
Was it not?
And then he played it, according to one call we had this morning,
played it over and over again on the show this morning.
They said around and laughed about it.
Well, again, every comedian worth of salt has made fun of a tragic world.
There's been at some point.
Sir, you're an idiot.
Every comedian has made fun of 15 kids while it's still in the process of going on.
You think there was something funny about that?
How do you?
Here's another Howard hole, okay?
Howard could come to your face and fart in your face and say,
Oh, man, what an aroma.
Do it again, howie.
You're an idiot.
Unacceptable.
Every comedian has made fun of something like this.
We find humor in this.
In the massacre of 15 kids and 15 or 20 or 25 others that are in the hospital fighting for their lives.
There's a real yuck it up, pal.
You're a simpleton, man.
You're a rationalizer.
You just want to accept the fact that some people's egos are more important than anything that could possibly ever be serious in addition to which we got some people who can never take anything serious, which is what I started out to show about today.
Contrary to the guy that's giving me a song of dance about my anti-religion agenda, which of course does tie in, but it's only been a small part of what I've been talking about.
And of course, if you want to come back to that, how can a country that's so obsessed more than any country I can think of with religious insanity?
How can a country that's so obsessed with all this be so violent and be so grotesque and barbaric?
And of course, nobody wants to answer that question.
It would much rather attack me.
Here's a mobile in Davy.
Hello?
And where?
Davy, it says.
Yeah, this is Davy.
Well, that's you then.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I'm talking about this religion, the manicism, that's ridiculous.
I was raised, a strict Catholic.
And after 12 years of that, I became just a normal guy where I see light as it is.
Now I'm a, you know, evolutionary.
You know, evolution did happen. That's the way light is.
Yeah.
But what I'm saying is people should know right from wrong whether they're in religion or not.
How can you not know basic right from wrong?
Does somebody have to take a book and tell you not to kill somebody else?
Like I said before, if you need to read that in a book then you need to be locked away somewhere so the rest of us can be safe.
But you know, in my early years in religion, for the time I was born and taught now, they taught me right from wrong.
And I not gave up on that when I found out about evolution, which is definitely what happened.
But what I'm saying is, how can people go on and on?
You know, about, I think religion is definitely important.
Can you imagine what it would be like if these people with no brains had to be out there in the streets with nowhere to go to absolve their souls, absolve themselves from what they've done?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I mean, it's important in that fact.
But that's for weak people who don't really realize what's going on, you know?
So, on other words, what you're saying is that God forbid we didn't have this crush for these people with lean on.
There would be 100 times worse than that.
That would you're saying?
Absolutely. I'm saying.
Okay, well tell that to all the people who got slaughtered in the Spanish Inquisition.
Just to pick one.
Or do all the people at all the, you know, close of ours that are schlepping around looking for a place to put their body down before they bury them in the pit.
I mean, that's always the argument from the religion.
Oh, if it weren't for religion, just imagine how bad the world would be.
Oh, yeah.
I think you got to kind of backwards, sir.
Let me tell you again, if you don't have certain basic values, if you don't understand certain basic things without any big saw in it, things that your parents ought to teach you at a very, very early age, like by the time you're old enough to like even have any comprehension, then there ain't no hope for you.
Let's just scrape you off the face of the earth and try the next one, okay?
In other words, in other words, what you're basically saying is that if we are promised some reward for not killing everybody else, then why the hell bother?
Is basically what that whole message is.
Why not feel somebody else's property? Because, you know, if we're not going to have to worry about going to hell for it, then why the hell be good? Why be decent?
Why have any values at all?
Pragic.
Even slime, even slippery slime, even oozing amoebas have more common sense than that.
Here's Miami. Hello?
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I was just calling those asking, what did you think about the fact that most of these incidents occur in smaller places?
I know everybody, I know there's violence in every city that...
Well, let's say the little field is a suburb of Denver, it's right outside of Denver, that's not a small place.
Okay, okay.
What difference would it make?
I was just asking because to me it just seemed ironic and I just wondered why these things seemed to happen in like rural areas.
Well, sometimes they do. Paduka was like that and...
Jones, where were I?
Jones, Burr, right.
But this is one like an affluent suburb of Denver, which is a major metropolitan market.
I also think it goes... and I am an African-American male.
And also, I think it goes along with the show that this goes across racial lines.
It's not just black, white or whoever they kill people. This is a problem of our host.
No, there's plenty of scumbags to go around for every group, that's for sure.
That's all I had to say.
Okay, pal.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call from the 7-mile bridge. Hello.
Morning, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I lived in United Kingdom for three years.
And then after three years, 10 people got killed.
Uh-huh.
And three years.
Yeah, and three years.
And people...
And they were at Lappetoo if you were American, you know?
Over there.
And this is unreal.
If you look at the other things, if you look at the Villa Wright,
the gun toters,
therefore the militia, not for private citizens.
Yeah, I know that, but I mean, trying to argue that in America.
I mean, you're up against the NRA and you're up against a bunch of bonus.
Oh, I know that.
Yeah, you just...
You're actually in the town wheels. You're just wasting your time.
And the figure that worked out was you would inculcable yesterday,
help and kill the ethnic.
Okay, thanks. Thanks for the good news.
I knew he was somewhere doing his good work, doing his good deeds.
He was helping out with the ethnic cleansing over there when you were Slavia.
Has the intervene there?
No.
Does he ever seem to intervene?
No.
No.
Now, a lot of people in the Spani...
See, that's why I do bring these things up, sir.
That guy that called before there was excoriating me,
giving me a big lecture and song and a dance and telling me what I ought to be talking about.
And then I've got some kind of an anti-religion agenda.
My only agenda is to tell the god damn truth.
Which you have to search long and hard for to find in this guy, damn country,
of propaganda, and people with a sphineless cowards.
Because they're afraid they might piss somebody off.
They might rattle the spears of the organized religionist.
God forbid.
Like that Pope tripped the Cuba when they were down there,
genuine, reflecting and sucking his ass.
Oh, here's Christiana Amampur.
I'm surprised he wasn't holding up a big cross.
I'm surprised he'd never wait for interpoised while she was on the air there, sucking around.
And all the local reporters too that they sent down there.
For that wonderful scene, like I said before,
if the Oral's play a baseball game down there,
oh my god, come on in, come on in, come on in, come on in, come on in, come on in, come on in.
We got protests, we got people having an nervous breakdown.
But if the Holy Father goes over there,
then yeah, see no evil here, no evil, et cetera, and so on.
We don't know nothing about that.
We had nothing to do with that.
Yeah, that's right.
Whenever it's convenient, no?
Whenever it's convenient and does anything,
it totally flies in the face of everything you say or claim the sand for.
All you have to do is say,
and then to do it that.
Yeah, there you go.
Get you off the hook, for all time's sake.
God.
Man in the dress running around with a beanie on him,
and man from the stone age that they laugh at over Italy like,
oh my god, even his music came too good.
And these people are running around sticking to wafers in their mouth
and drinking from the cup in the meantime,
the priest is molesting their kids, you know, well, you know,
just the way it is.
You're just making that stuff up anyway.
There's no fact in the church.
Yeah.
No, they're not in the church.
They're over at Westland drilling glory holes right now.
It's lunchtime.
They'll be back in church at one.
How many years have been asking if you ever met a straight priest,
23 years, and have I ever gotten an answer?
No.
No, never even got a name.
Never a hint.
How about that cardinal?
What was the one from New York where they used to bring the altar boys
to the back of the rectum, what they were before,
this one, before Connor.
Spellman, Francis Cardinal Spellman.
They used to bring the altar boys in limousines.
Kind of like Johnny Versace, he had them bring in their hustlers over there on top of each.
Well, we know where he is now.
In a box.
Okay, here's the great facts.
Not it says, here's my philosophy.
You believe in God, go to church every Sunday and have morals.
When you die, and if there is a heaven, and your church upon entering the gates of heaven,
you gain everything and lose what?
An hour a week.
But if you go on with your life believing in nothing,
and not having faith in God, living by curiously each day with no definite goal in life,
and find out after you die that God in heaven does exist,
what are you gain?
What are you lose?
Oh boy, I'll see whoever you are.
That's brilliant.
So just to cover your ass, just in case there might be something out there,
you better pretend like I said, make it up.
God does when you're faking it.
That's right, he knows when you're faking it, and he orders him to.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you got love open lines.
How can I be giving out phone numbers today?
Why can't I be giving out phone numbers?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the, pound 5, 6, the, on the mobile one line.
Because the message that I'm trying to convey,
which evidently that one podwacker was too stupid to understand,
is you got to take responsibility for your own actions.
It's up to the human race to stop this crap.
Not for some supernatural superstitious, focused, focused,
who never seems to show up at the right time.
You know, like Superman, maybe he's there,
but he's over there in Metropolis.
He never shows up where the crime is.
He's over there with Perry White having lunch.
Here's a mobile in Naples, hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm just about to how it thing,
and I hope some people can confirm, you know, what I'm saying now,
because you were relying on that one call.
Right.
I listen to the whole show.
First of all, I think you both have the same values exactly.
I don't.
But anyway, go ahead.
Yeah, listen, how do you know?
Okay.
Listen, I heard enough Howard before he came on the year.
He's got three kids in school.
Yeah.
His wife takes him to show he stays out of show.
He's an atheist.
Yeah.
But the whole point is, he played that thing once.
He was not amused by that.
I took the garbage out.
He might have played it twice,
but the guy said he played it over and over and over.
Yeah.
And he didn't laugh, Jackie, the joke.
Well, what were they saying about it?
Okay, there was a, where they,
a captain, James is one of his cronies out there.
And, you know, there's a lot of people he's got.
He's all over the country,
and he made a stupid call to this bend.
And is that what they said?
It was a stupid call that was grotesque and unacceptable.
Yeah, according to Robin and Howard, yes, absolutely.
Stateless.
That's what they said that I stand corrected.
Howard, Howard is a big thing.
And when I came on this morning and I talked about that,
I was knocking him.
I was talking about the mindless sick of fans
who, you know, do whatever the hell he says to do.
I know, but, but, but, what, what, who says to do?
Whatever Howard says to do.
Like, whenever call the Larry King show,
and they just don't know where to held the draw to line,
because they're more on it.
Okay, but I'm talking about the basic issues.
He's anti-gun, he's anti-...
He's, he's got your values, right?
Sir, look, you don't have to sell me on Howard.
He doesn't need me.
He's making millions and millions of dollars.
I'm a little pissed-pot down here in here in Miami.
I'm doing okay.
Thank you.
I just want to make it a million, a million, a million, a million stations.
He's on in two different countries.
But he said decent guy.
That's all I'm saying.
He's not, he's not a bad guy.
Sir, I don't know him.
Okay, do you know him personally?
No, but I listen to you both intimately.
So, son of a rick, do you know me?
You listen to a radio show.
That doesn't mean I'm a good guy or a bad guy.
I know, I know you are.
I'm only here.
For 25 years, I think I know you're a good guy.
I am a good guy.
I know.
And maybe he's a good guy too.
And the fact is that some of his sick of fans out there,
I'm going to tell you if anybody who listens to this, you'll be called in there yesterday
and don't something like that.
I don't think I'm going to come into that.
I could never look anybody in the face for like a month.
And parenthetically, there's something, there's one card that you've played over the years
that I have a problem with, only one card.
And what is that?
Cheers in heaven.
What, I think that's, you're sure that's long, long after the fact.
Okay, this card.
You're going to face up the meal.
And if Eric Lassen was visiting Miami and turned on the radio and heard that,
and put your stuff in the issue, what would you say?
There are a lot of things that I do that offend people.
I'm only saying I never heard that.
Sir, can I respond to you?
Please?
Yes.
Can I say something?
Yes.
This call that was made yesterday, I saw it live.
Did you hear it live?
No.
I was watching on the satellite of my house, KUSH, Mlanden, Denver.
I watched their coverage.
I watched these two anchors try, I mean, an impossibly difficult neurotic situation.
And here comes this phone called, this crank call.
I'm going to tell you, my heart sank when I saw it.
Could Howard control that?
I didn't say he could.
Okay.
But to try to compare it with something that's long after the fact, I would agree that most things,
I've always said, you have to have a huge sense of humor about anything.
But not in the middle of a crisis when some horrendous thing is going on.
Absolutely.
And like I said, if he decried it, and I'm sure we'll get other calls, then I stand corrected.
And I hope you do get other calls.
Okay.
Thanks.
So now we've got one that says one thing.
It's like anything else.
You know, two people watch the same train wreck.
You get two different stories.
If 20 people give you, I witness reports, you get 20 different stories.
I don't know.
And I'm sorry, and no, I'm not sorry, I brought it up.
Because whoever the Jackass was that made the call.
Like I said, not Howard, not anybody else.
Whoever the imbosil was that made the call, he needs to be rounded up and put away somewhere.
In a rubber room for a few months and cooled out.
Imbecile.
And that guy they called before to give me a song of it.
And as well, you know, comedians, there is nothing funny.
No, we'll be ever making jokes on this show or playing parodies.
About 15 kids getting shot in Dalin, in Denver yesterday.
And as far as Eric Clapton's kids flying out the window, if you can't see even as tragedies that was,
if you can't find something humorous in a way that happened, then well, that's the way it goes.
Don't you see a little bit of a difference?
No?
Oh, you ask me?
No, I'm just talking out loud.
I'm just talking to myself.
Like I usually do here.
I'm just, no, I'm not asking you.
I mean, what would be the point?
You see the difference.
Oh, God.
See, and again, how do we get off the track here?
How do we start with a whole song of dance is Howard a Good Game?
Howard, again, you're making Howard the issue.
I don't want to make Howard the issue.
I don't keep a flying crab about Howard.
I don't listen to Howard.
I mentioned that I heard this tasteless grotesque unacceptable call from one of his sick offense,
one of his simple things out there.
That's all I said.
But it's very easy to deflect a whole conversation because this guy is, you know, whatever, whatever his story is.
And Eric Clapton sucks by the way.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I was talking to my dad about this last night, what happened out in Denver.
Yeah.
And he came over here as a lot of people did from Germany after the war.
He got bombed out and he was in a German army.
Went through the whole hell of all of that.
And he brought his family over here to get away from all of this brutality.
And he said in the 50s, 60s and the 70s, everything was great.
And you know, you see the violence start turning in.
And last night he said to me, that's it.
I'm getting out of here.
He's going back.
So he made the cycle, the circle.
You know, he's going back to where he got out of because it's much more safe and peaceful over there.
It's a slaughterhouse here.
Yeah, he is.
And it really hit home because he told me that's it.
I can't deal with it here anymore.
So he's made the complete circle.
He's going back.
It's safe over there than it is here.
That's for damage.
Anybody that doesn't think that is just dreaming.
Thanks.
Okay, pal.
And I've told you this before.
I mean, some of us old parts like myself, I remember when you go to an airport, there were no middle detectors.
You go into a federal building, any kind of a government building.
There was no such thing as a middle detector.
Didn't we just have that episode here?
How long ago was it up there in the capital?
A year ago, you're whatever that was.
Every time you turn around, you've got some nutcase shooting up there.
There was never any such thing as a middle detector in this country.
You go to the airport, you go get your ticket, you take your luggage to the gate,
you get on a plane, you fly wherever you're going.
Now you can't go anywhere in the world where there are no middle detectors.
Because the world is basically a barbaric place.
But this country, especially in our everyday life, is a barbaric place which ought to be unacceptable to all of you.
But unfortunately, I guess it's just that I'm a bad guy.
I'm just making it up, because I have an agenda.
So, I hope you use this on the year.
I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years, at least, and I've been shooting here for 40 years.
I've never superb anything as disgusting as this new largest program that I've ever been for.
It's pornographic.
The photo of my granddaughter, one of my kids, looking to his bizarre.
I was going to tell you, frankly, I am done listening to your station.
This is the grubble's growth thing I have ever heard.
And as far as I'm concerned, you're off my book. Goodbye.
Thank goodness.
Goodbye.
Thought of anybody listening to this show. What's that? What are you getting all worked up about?
Oh, I called that guy back and told him that's you.
Oh, I'm a fuser.
See, George doesn't want to hear your material.
Okay, he just asks you where you're calling from and put you on hold.
And that's it. That's the way we do this show.
When George is filling in for me and doing this show, then have you glad to talk to you for a few seconds and then hang up on it.
But other than that, when you call this show, don't waste your time expecting him to listen to your half-baked, bull-craft material.
It's bad enough that I got to listen to it. That's what they pay me for.
I'll listen to it when they talk to you.
Exactly. We can both hear it at the same time and talk to the rest of the audience.
The other 10 people are listening.
5, 6, 7.
Now, I don't want to talk to Dave the cop.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
I mean, oh, get him out of there. Put this here. He'll hang up on it.
It's a good guy, but I don't want to talk to him on a day like this.
Christ.
See what I mean about Chronic's?
I just can't function with this. I can't deal with it.
Chronic's.
And he's probably got something good to say, like about, you know, what went on out there yesterday and what a cop.
And by the way, let me just say this to you.
Because there was a there was definitely a, you know, lack of involvement there in a part of police and a school authorities because a year ago the one kid was, you know, threatening another kid's life.
And they just pull pulled it if I knew that expression again.
Oh, wow, you know, didn't pay any attention. Now, guess what? A whole bunch of people are dead and on the verge.
But as I was watching the thing unfold, I'm thinking to myself, hey, here's some real police work going on. Okay.
Here are guys risking their lives. Here are guys pulling those kids out of school. There's the SWAT team. There's some real police work.
They're not standing there with a radar gun. You know, I'm saying harassing the taxpayers, writing the speeding tickets.
Here's a mobile and four-letter. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
This is Dave. I'm a comedian from Denver, Colorado.
Yes, sir.
And as far as you guys, little kid is right. It's 15 minutes out of Denver. So right.
It's not a small little town. It is a big suburb. And that guy that's making all the community. 95,000 people.
Yeah, about. Rough.
Right. And the guy that said all the comedians make fun of tragedy. That's not true at all either.
Who said, who said Canadians, man? Who said that?
You've got comedians make fun of tragedy.
Commediate. Commediate. Commediate. Commediate. Commediate. Commediate. Not Canadian, say.
Get that here and get that miracle here. Out of.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the mobile one line. Oh, boy.
Is it the loony or the tuniors? That was got them all upset. They were with a crap, by the way, sir.
Here's a lady mobile and Davey. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man.
Long time, listener. First time caller. Good. I wonder where all the women are today. All the mothers, you know, of the kids.
I mean, obviously we've got a lot of fathers out there too. Where all the mothers?
Well, I'm a retired teacher. Yeah. I taught both upstate in private school, in public school, up north and down here.
And I taught high school science for 13 years. Right.
And it is scary. Some of these kids, they are really frightening. The kids are at risk. The teachers are at risk.
And in many times, the administration doesn't even tell you that some of these kids are medicated or seen as psychiatrists or have real clinical problems.
And everybody is scared of kids. You can't discipline them. You can't help them to please be quiet during an exercise or a bath.
And we all know where that comes from, don't we? Absolutely. And then when you want to see the parents or whatever,
the first thing is that it's not my kid. It's that you're not fair. You're not decent. You don't like my kid. And everybody is just trying to sharpen responsibility.
And then you'll do it that. Yeah. Right. Exactly.
So it's scary. It's scary for the kids who have to go to school and experience with the teachers who have to stay with those kids for at least an hour a day, locked in the classroom with them.
Some of these kids really could give you the willies. I know. Good luck. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Who in their right mind would want to be a school teacher today? Okay. With a bunch of non-supported parents, a bunch of bratty kids, not all of them. Just too many.
And I know I'm an old-futty, dirty one. I want to school the idea of anybody bringing a knife or gun into school. It is unthinkable. It is not possible. It is inconceivable.
It just couldn't and wouldn't and didn't ever happen. It just didn't happen.
And it kind of nothing to do with what kind of music kids listen to. I mean people that search for simplistic answers like that. I mean all I can say to them is.
Yeah. That's all I can say to them.
Here's Evan Ture. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir.
I've been working for a long time. Listen, if I have something hypocritical about what you are saying today. I want to know why...
Of course I'm always in. But listen, why is it okay for you to play songs you think a humorous like the song about the little girl that got strangled by her parents? You think that's funny? The song that you play about her? That's the same thing.
Making fun of a situation. What is it? Because she's one person that got killed. What did I just get you saying? What did I just get you telling the other guy that called?
What? I said that there's humor in every situation. There's not humor. If you were relative.
Sir, you should have never had any. Sir, and let me say it to you again. You don't want an answer. Okay. I'm a jerk and I have no idea why you're listening. I'm a jerk. I'm a hypocrite. Every time anybody disagrees with anything I say I'm a hypocrite. I'm not going to repeat what I said before.
There's humor in everything. But this situation, no, there's not humor today. And there wasn't humor yesterday in the middle of the show. A lot of guys calling spoofing somebody on the air in the middle of a desperate situation while people's lives are at stake.
But you can't understand that, can you? Okay. I hope you give Howard a big, big blowjob that I've shared before you both laid out in bed together. You jackass, you simpleton. And he doesn't understand the song.
I understand he doesn't understand the song. The song might even waste my time with it. Okay. The song doesn't say that it's funny that the little girl got killed. Okay. But the song is a take off on the Ramzis. Okay. My daddy or my mom or whoever you think it was or my brother, which different. What difference does it make? That's what the song is about. But you're too stupid to understand it.
That's right. Big, no matter what I say, if you disagree, attack me. Attack the messenger. Keep attacking. Keep attacking. I can handle it. Don't bother me. Just show you how stupid you are.
In a country where you just can't have a different opinion like discuss and debate and back and forth. No, you're a jerk. You're a jackass. Okay. Thank you. God bless you.
Here's Cape Coral. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You think maybe it's because all these kids are told they're sentenced from the time that they're born.
They're told why? That they're sinners if they did it themselves from the time they're born. So I'm already told they're evil in the center. So what the hell? Why not? That's not the reason I called her. I'm sorry.
I said I'm glad that's not the reason you call. Okay. The reason I called her is I was convinced 12 years ago that this is all crap. I had a brother die of AIDS.
Till the very end, I don't want to suppress anybody, but till the very end, he said, there's no God. God doesn't exist. It's crap. He was told and I was told it's going to help.
About a year later, Ted Bundy gets saved. He's going to heaven. Right. There you go. That's right. I mean, not the same people I would tell you if Hitler would have accepted Christ on his deathbed, he would have gone to heaven. Who wants to live there with Hitler and Ted Bundy, huh?
Well, not me. I'll be down. I'll be where my brother is having around. That's so a few later. Okay. That's right. You're a hypocrite because you know, because I'm too stupid to understand that parody you play on John Bane.
5, 6, 7, here all whipped up into a friend's ear. Aren't they? They're like filming at the mouth. You can't handle it through with Kenya.
Because we live in a very juvenile country where people can't you like I said, just can't you know, open up their ears in their brain, absorb something different and maybe examine it and rule it around. No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Which one is next? I don't see. Oh, there it is. Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh-huh. Can you believe they sound like a phony voice to me? Sounds like one of those chronic holios to me.
Here's a mirror. Mar hello. Yeah, sir. Listen, I didn't call the discursus of the thing. I love this. That situation. But I wanted to talk to you, but I know you're an atheist and you know, all of us are exposed to a lot of things after we're born.
What when in life did you finally come to the realization that all of the stuff was crap? But my bar mitzvah tutor Rabbi Betinsky told me that it was a bunch of crap and then I started thinking about what he said and reading all of this garbage and realizing that it was a bunch of crap when I was 13 years old.
I was 15. I had to sit down with my mother to explain to her that I was an atheist and you know what she said to me? Yeah, well you weren't raised that way. Yeah. Oh, really. What does that mean? Well, you know, I was just wondering, you know, what what time in life it was for you? You know, my parents know that's all a bunch of crap. That's all bubble my season over. Well, my mother knows that I feel that way. Yeah, although she still fump in the Bible. Well, I let her fump away. I don't know.
So her to thumb to her hearts content. Anyway, keep her off the street. You know that guy who that you talked to just a minute ago said about all the kids because they're seniors, you know, there's a little something to that, you know, I think a lot of the kids today are frustrated by the fact that that the religion does not offer the answers that they need for the life that they're facing today. Yeah, you know, and I think the world is being taught a lot of our kids bullcrap from thousands of years ago. Absolutely.
And nothing that relates to real life today and you're absolutely correct. Sure. But again, you know, I can't blame religion or anything else for kids for anybody committing atrocities like these. All I'm saying is that instead of like focusing our attention on superstition, focus, focus, and a God who never seems to show up at the right time. How about us, you know, starting to teach people to be responsible for their own acts, which is the number one American deficiency lack of respect for each other for human life and a total lack of willingness to take responsibility for your own actions.
Like the teacher said, you know, parents send their kids to school in these days, unlike the old days when kids used to be terrified that their parents had be called to school because then they'd be held to pay. Now it is, oh, it's not my kid. You got to, you got to buy us against my kid. He would never do that. Right.
And of course, the kind of salaries that we pay teachers in America too, I mean, do we expect any real education? No. Any same right wingers that are screaming these feet is hugging right wingers that we got who are doing everything in their power to destroy the public education system. Do they really give a crap? No, of course not.
Because how can anybody buy into their focus, if they really got an education in the brain that's functioning 1225 at 560 WQM your anti-Christ station for the 90s.
You got a WQKL where the fact is.
Oh my god.
What you sleep and fall.
No.
Because your tent will watch while you're with those open.
You're a bastard.
1235, 50 WQM, a bad guy. That's just the way it is. You know, I'm a hypocrite of bad guy. What else? He didn't, a bag. You name it. All of you above.
Here's a pompato beach. Hello. Yes, sir. You're born to get paid right? Right.
You used to play for the pirates Jose Pagan. Yes. Can't hear this guy by the way, George. Go ahead.
I did the comment on use of trot. He says no one you can stop him because they're going to go on and on.
One thing I honestly think we can do is to discourage it by not publicizing who these scumbags are.
Referred woman as a subhuman and a sign of number two.
Well, one of the ones in the design makes their dead. They committed suicide. Well, what if it makes a publicizing or not?
Well, these guys committed suicide, but they were wearing masks when they went in it. At one point they did, but another point they didn't have mom because there were kids that identified them.
That's how their faces. So at the beginning they thought maybe they could get away with it, but then maybe when they saw they were cornered, they figured there's only way I was.
No, I don't think so. I don't think that had anything to do with it. Everybody in law enforcement said they thought it was a suicide mission from the start.
I forget. But doesn't it help their how do you go into a school with 1800 kids inside and expect that you're going to kill a bunch of people and walk out?
Hey, you know, the different things. So you're the dr. He is logic of reason, right? And point of crime like this. But I can't help believe it by the press.
So publicizing you get the president on a state on television, acknowledging these people's presence even.
Yeah, it's tragedy, but it does promote that.
But that, but that always happens for as long as I can remember every time we have a major tragedy anywhere in the country, the president gets on there no matter who he is and has to do.
You know, do his political brownie points and make his you know, but what's the point? You're right about that. They always do it.
I mean, just like the president's got a quality, you know, the locker room in the world series and the super goal. You know, I mean, who needs it?
Yeah, but they do it.
But now we're going to hear all about the trench code mafia and about all these clowns and what's left there.
And about everybody who listens to Maryland Manson records is a danger to society. They're all going to be killing people.
No, I'm not saying that. But they did. They already heard that.
Yeah, but you know, they have a platform.
I don't know if they're going to get a platform.
Yeah, but you know, like one of the reporters on KUSA said yesterday she was not interviewing somebody and she said, you know, worst because the one cop, the Assier of whatever county that is out there in Denver.
He said, you know, he kept repeating the fact that these people keep it's a monkey. See monkey do and they get a lot of publicity. But like she said, you know, it's a major horrendous story, but the media are damned if they do and then if they don't, they can't cover it up.
They got to report the story.
But I still think it can match who these people are and their causes and I'm not give this like that.
That got the car we're going to hear all about now and that their whole platform. It's going to come out and it's going to be a book and it's going to be a series that's going to be on.
They're probably going to be in there. You know, they're going to get their friends.
We're going to interview their friends. They're fellow travelers at Montelevich.
I want you to find the Francis Ford couple that comes out with the trench code mafia. Now he's out of a Godfather movies.
5 6 7 what was that with that feedback on there 5 6 7 0 5 60 maybe God was getting me there.
Yeah, you don't have time to intervene over there and then ride. I love the one guy when I said, well, where was God yesterday.
I don't know, but but but yeah, well, why not?
I think it's a reasonable question. You're the ones that keep putting forth this crap that we're supposed to believe.
Where the hell is he that people are supposed to keep praying to this guy who's got a hearing problem.
Get God a miracle here. Maybe that would do it. He just never seems to be there.
All these, you know, all the miracles happen. They either happen in the tabloid newspapers.
You know, in the in the weekly world, whatever those hysterical tabloids are, or they happen thousands of years ago.
Those are all the miracles.
Today, doing the miracles we had were smoky Robinson and they're not around anymore.
Here's a mobile in Pember pine. Hello.
Yes, ma'am. Well, you're right. You're not a hypocrite.
I think that other caller that called you that in regards to your parodies doesn't get the point.
The point of the parodies is you're not making fun of the tragedy.
You're pointing out the absurdity of the situation surrounding it.
Yeah. Is that not correct?
No, but even if it was no matter what it is, like the bombing at the World Trade Center, we've got that one that we play.
I mean, you know, when I'm certain amount of time and he laughs depending on what the circumstances are,
I can make fun of even the sickest thing. I got a six-hence of humor.
But in the middle of a live coverage of the slaughter of all these kids and all these other kids are inside the school.
Some jackass calls up and pulls a stump like that.
Yeah. You got to comparison with that.
Right. There is no comparison.
There is no.
In addition to which I'm probably the only person in this town that saw it because I was watching it on a satellite.
I thought live.
Speaking of news coverage, I mean, just of this thing, I don't know if he...
I found it absolutely ridiculous last night. One of the Fox News people was saying,
oh, here you see the parking lot. You see there are about to blow up a black BMW.
The black BMW was actually driven by one of the...
Right.
What does that mean?
What is...
Oh, is it bad to drive a BMW? Is it black for bad thing or the car?
It was actually driven.
I didn't...
I don't know.
There was people who were in the park right now.
There was so much innings stuff that was said yesterday.
And then at least these poor parents and the kids, I mean, the things that...
Yeah. Like, how do you feel now?
Oh, we're going to go out and party.
Now, I mean, what do they expect in this? How do they think that they feel?
What kind of questions are these?
What kind of grave robbers are these idiots in the media?
Right.
It's so...
I don't know, Bush Lee gets really...
It's pathetic.
Yep. It is.
Okay.
You're doing a great job.
See you.
I'm so embarrassed.
I mean, there were a lot of people yesterday around here for hours and hours,
especially the ones out there in Denver who were coming to Slot.
It's a tremendous job.
There were some really tremendous reporters out there.
But some of these idiots, I mean, just so insensitive and grotesque and then banal.
Well, how do you feel now? How are you coping? How are you getting along?
Great. I'm going to go out and get drunk and have a party.
I'm going to get laid and I'd... There you go.
What do you expect these people to say?
And these parents that are out there scouring the school bus looking for their kids on her
is they were bringing the school buses over to the other elementary school at the library.
Why, why not leave them alone?
Why do you have to keep dragging everybody and stick them in front of a camera and a microphone?
Well, you see your daughter on the one guy was so relieved when he finally found his daughter later on.
Because she was not on that bus and obviously she, you know, he obviously looked for her already.
Why ask the obvious? No, she's not on there.
This guy is crapping in his pants, terrified.
But stick the microphone in his face and ask him some stupid questions.
Man, you people in the media, some of you people are insane.
And like, and then that's part of the reason that this whole TV thing,
the American public is totally desensitized.
It's like there's no reality here. It's like another made for TV event.
Another staged event. Maybe they should make it pay-per-view.
Christ almighty, is there anything that's for real anymore?
I don't think so. Certainly not this place.
So how about that draft, huh?
Here's a mobile in Hylia. Hello.
Hello, Nioh.
Yes. How are you?
Okay.
Nioh. Nioh. Nioh. Nioh.
I'm listening. Let's go, sir.
You mentioned something about metal detectors before. Is that going to be the answer?
No, I just, I'm not going to answer.
I'm going to answer your jackass. Okay.
That's not what I said was going to be the answer.
I said that I can remember a time when we didn't have metal detectors.
Now, I didn't say metal detectors would be the answer.
If you'd open up your ears like some of these other people that have an oil clog problem in their ears,
then you'd hear what I said.
I don't have any answers. Okay.
I'm sitting here doing a radio show in Miami, Florida.
I'm going to have answers for an accumulation of God-oing those how many years of aberrant violence in a barbaric society,
where people have no respect for human life for each other, for anything.
All I said was that I remember a very simple time when we had no metal detectors because we didn't have to have them.
That's what I said, sir. Have a nice life.
Rogers, guys.
My dad knocked me off.
Oh, right.
He makes you and he tied me up with me.
When I was young, the name had been me.
I was killed by my daddy.
And what's up?
My dad knocked me off.
I was a little bit out to me.
It started me to get up and say,
I'm the one who knows.
He beat me and beat me with the laughter out.
And that's my head and you know.
He's up in.
Oh, so so how am I now?
So they're going to let him go.
My dad knocked me off.
He made me very stupid.
Get it up.
He's up on the radio.
He's up on the radio.
You'll never hear him and that's me.
My dad knocked me off.
Okay, now we have to explain you what the tone is.
We have to have a diagram like that.
Oh, man, that's it.
If I had a dollar for every dump first and out there in the hinterlands,
I could get that a lot of here right now.
12.44 at 5.60 WQAM.
Where we be going?
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It produces a jackass.
Okay, thank you.
5.60 WQAM is probably because you don't want to put a schmuck like you on here,
which shows that he's doing a good job.
5.60, 7.05, 60, 0.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
And I was going to do what you were saying earlier,
as far as the press and these people space yesterday.
I mean, only these people like 15 minutes, you know.
I mean, they're just right in their face as far as, you know,
and you like what you were saying as far as.
Here are parents out there looking desperately,
feverishly, sweating bullets,
praying, hoping to see their kids on a bus or somewhere,
and you have some jackass sticking a mic in a camera in their face.
As well as the kids, which is even more, you know,
what exactly did you see?
Not much, just my best friends, head to get blown off, you know.
And I'm going to be, but thanks for asking, you know.
And the fact that they're there.
Of course, they know a lot of these kids are going to be crying in emotional.
That's what they love, because the media are a bunch of grave robbers anyway.
So if they can get some tears and history on here,
they're like, they're just clueling from it.
They love it.
Yeah, the sense of nationalism is just, I mean,
it's not even worth watching it.
I mean, because just even the way that they start, you know,
what started out as a great day at school, I mean, who needs that, you know.
I think we all know what happened.
And that's like you say, everyone has become desensitized too.
Because I mean, what do they show you?
And it's like you say, on to the next, you know.
Well, you know, 15 kids got slaughtered,
but the marlins are head by three, you know.
And that's insane.
And it's, you know, as far as any child.
Makes me embarrassed to work on this radio station.
Of course, that's every day.
So I guess that's not unusual.
And one more thing, I was just, I don't know if you're in the paper,
as far as this, it's a side from the situation, but the lady who got $3 million
for getting hit in the face with a baseball.
Right.
That's what that is.
That assistance thing.
And it's working five years, so you know,
I give her $2.7 million in a fake.
There you go.
But anyway, that's about it.
Now, I'm going to go out and stick my push in the hockey puck.
Good luck, pal.
All right, bye.
5.6705.60, Pond 5.60 on the mobile one line.
So you notice, well, I always noticed it,
but the audience out there, it's human nature, especially in America.
They react in a very psychotic way.
They get all that out of shape.
If you say things that rattle, they're like,
this is a barbaric country.
The God were was God yesterday.
They can't handle it.
So instead of being able to discuss it and tell this is it,
because they know that I'm right, they just make it go on the attack.
You're right, hypocrite.
They're like doing heavy mouth breathing.
And dancing all around the periphery, but they can't deal with it.
I mean, I asked the one guy, where was God yesterday?
Well, how the hell do I know?
I don't know, but you're, you know, puts whatever he said.
It's my anti-religion homo-facial agenda.
I've got all these agendas.
I don't know about them, but someday they'll be all, you know,
if I ever find out what the hell they are, maybe I can cash in.
All these special agendas I've got.
Here's a call from Kura Sal.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, God was down here yesterday putting mayonnaise on a French fries.
Yeah.
Hello.
I'm listening, sir.
I'm still here. I know it's amazing, but I'm still here, even after that.
Yeah.
5607, 0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile-infor-law to deal. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is the first time I've called you.
I've listened to you many years.
I'm a confused Christian, I guess.
I'm a born again Christian, but I'll tell you what I had, a radio accident.
I listened to some Christian radio, and I do listen to you, you make me laugh,
maybe it's a counter-dictor or whatever.
Yeah.
But I turned on the Christian radio, and they're talking about raising money.
I turned on your show, and you're talking about something that is affecting the United States.
Right.
Colorado.
Right.
It's affecting people's hearts and their minds.
I think the whole world, of course.
And people can't even deal with this, and the Christian people are having their collection for 1990 now.
Hey, listen, don't get mad.
They can't stop for a few kids that got killed.
They got to plot ahead and get that money in there, man.
That's what it's all about.
Neil, I just really respect what you're doing about this. It's really special.
Thanks.
And God bless you, sir.
Okay.
He's a born again Christian, but there's this.
See, how can he be?
I don't want to put him down.
You can believe whatever crap you want to believe, but how can you get yourself sucked into a thing that's nothing more than a materialistic pile of crap.
It's a business.
It's a greedy hypocritical sanctimonious bullcrap business that plays on ignorance and fear and hate and breeds it.
I'm sorry.
I just cannot cope with it with this whole mindless, babbling crap or people always, you know, just use your brain.
Use some common sense.
Stop listening to everybody else because somebody told you when you were when you were a little kid that there was Santa Claus and God in the tooth fairy and Gremlins on the boogie man under your bed.
Grow up already.
Will you?
Grow up America.
This is a juvenile amateur society that refuses to transcend the kindergarten.
They just don't want to grow beyond that.
Even the media, all the politicians, when we're going through the whole moniker gate business, oh, well, you know, even, and we are, you must understand, we're outraged and discussed by this.
And why?
What the hell is it, your business that the president was dittling around?
Okay.
What the hell is that, your business?
Every president we can think of has been dittling around.
And we somehow survived it without knowing about it until at least after the fact, how did it affect our lives?
Did it affect us?
No.
How the God damn bad except that fat bitch is going to make a lot of money from it because mommy saved the dress.
And the other big fat bitch Linda and that Lucy and Goldberg, that Nazi bitch, they're going to make a lot of money off it with books and God only knows what else.
You people in the media are sick, you're pathetic, you're twisted, you're sick, and you're a big part of the reason that this country cannot grow up, they cannot transcend this mind state that you've got to have locked in.
Pathetic.
And that's what frustrated them to by the way, the Sam Donaldson's and Kookie Roberts and all these other sanctum audio sancels.
First rated the hell out of them, they kept looking at the, they kept salivating, forming, looking at the polls.
And they just couldn't understand it.
The public wasn't vianted for what's in their lives, they said, hey, we don't care what you say, we're more interested in like, you know, surviving in the world around us and we don't care about blow jobs.
And it couldn't deal with it.
And then the last day when it would take any impeachment vote, there was Kookie Roberts, there on ABC Radio, I was unlucky enough to be in the car somewhere listening to that crap.
And she's on there breathlessly, all of a sudden her bird says, oh, yeah, she was breathlessly trying to like, you know, not report the news, she's trying to twist and manipulate the news.
Like it because that sanctum only is old hypocrite who used to be a member of the Ku Klux Klan up there in West Virginia, Robert Bird.
Because he was putting his hand on his heart and then finally voted no on both articles anyway, by the way.
But here's Kookie Roberts on there trying to like whip everybody into a frenzy.
Oh, we don't know what'll happen now, you know, he's so powerful.
Yeah, right.
He's an impotent silly old man is what he is.
Okay, Kookie and you're a not very well-closeted right wing bitch along with all those other people around that hour of fascism on Sunday morning on ABC, including that Bill Crystal, who never saw concentration camp that didn't catch his eye.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I have two comments. One also about the media.
How they seem to explode everything, glamorize everything.
So you have these losers that are in school and this is like their big thing right here.
I mean, they're being heard. They know that they're going to be all over the country about what they've done.
So it's more of like, you know, something for them just to click and explode.
And also another comment is also with the justice system.
I mean, these kids don't respect anything.
No authority because what's going to happen to them?
They're going to sit in jail for probably the rest of their lives.
I mean, they should just, with one comment with a man, her whose father is going back to his country, it's because those countries, I mean, you do something and it's dealt with.
Here, nothing's dealt with. I mean, you have a man sitting in prison for how long for trying to assassinate the president.
I mean, that's the president of the United States and where is he? He's still in jail.
So it's like there's no, there's nothing that happens to them.
They know that it's just going to drag on.
On to that for years, it's like a pair who keeps threatening to a discipline that child but never does.
And after a while, the kid just keeps laughing and saying, whatever you say, you know.
These kids now, they laugh at all this.
I mean, yeah, sure, what's going to happen?
I'm going to get exposed. You're all through the news and I'll just sit in jail for the rest of my life.
But that's all right.
You know, it's those wackos that I've had.
Maybe we could take some of those kids from Paduca and John Burr, Arkansas.
We could like, fry them on TV. It would be good. I think that's a good idea. I pull the switch.
Maybe that might get the message across.
Right, maybe.
Right. All right. Thanks.
See you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. I'm not joking when I say that either.
I'll let bloody bleeding heart bull crap about what your capital put into this barbaric.
What else is going to do in this country? What message do you have to send before you finally say, hey, guess what?
You can't get away with this crap.
Now, yesterday, of course, doesn't fit in that category because if a reader was a suicide mission from the start,
what there's no hope.
The only way to do it is to prevent it and prevent people from getting all of these things that they had.
But that's, you know, you're entitled to it.
And our racist, you can have all the weapons you want.
Oozies, I mean, whatever you like, don't mess with our guns.
And if they're happy to be a few grenades in there and pipe bombs, well, so be it.
That's our freedom.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to get back to Howard Cern just for a second because I've heard it this morning.
Okay.
And that guy that called in said that Howard doesn't have any control over, but he does because he put Captain Yanks on the air
and he played that cut twice at Fony Phone Call twice that I heard.
Now, let me give one thing straight.
So in other words, the guy that made the call yesterday was one of his cronies.
One of his group, he's called Captain Yanks.
He calls all the Fony Phone calls and he calls in and Howard puts him on the air,
which is what he, of course, is what he wants.
And Howard is very careful saying, I don't have any control over this,
but as a lady approves of it and puts his little groupies on the air.
Yeah.
That's what he goes through.
If anywhere we can get his name mentioned, there's the ego.
That's all that guy.
See, I don't understand when the guy's got that much money, okay, and that much notoriety.
What more does he need to fill that ego?
You know what I'm saying?
What's the point?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I thought I greeted you in incredibly bad taste.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, bye.
See, there you go.
Now, we've got three different stories, but this guy sounds rational.
You know, that's how lucky he got in agenda.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Any other comments going?
Okay, sir.
All right.
Yeah, I was listening this morning and it wasn't bad taste, but that's not why I'm calling.
Okay.
A few things.
Number one, look around.
Well, let me ask you, were they laughing about it?
When they were talking about it?
They decried it.
They said it was in bad taste.
Yeah.
And they did.
But then why did they keep playing it over and over again?
Yeah, and I don't know.
I don't know.
A few things.
Someone would look where all this stuff is happening.
It's in the Bible belt.
Yeah.
We're all the God people now.
You know.
Yeah, but three-feel organ isn't in the Bible belt.
Oh, I was talking about that.
That's the one exception.
Okay.
No, that's one more.
Number two, stuff like this might happen more when parents are getting yelled at for spanking
their kids.
Yeah.
When that's becoming a bad thing.
When the conservatives are saying, I don't want to make this religious thing or conservative
or something.
But when people yell at other parents for spanking their kids because you're hitting the
kid, you know what?
Well, you look, you see that all the time.
You go into a bookstore or a supermarket and there's the parents that are doing their shopping
and their little kids are running around.
Yeah, exactly.
And actually more than one.
And the mom has got another one in the oven.
And the kids are just decimating.
They're just tearing things apart.
They're doing average.
And the parents like totally oblivious.
They're always like they have blinders on.
And you're thinking, Jesus Christ, this is a parent.
What's going on in these people's houses?
Exactly.
And that stuff like that's going to happen when the parents are afraid to hit, you know, slap
the kid on the butt because someone, you know, sees them, they're going to call HRS or whatever,
you know, or the, you know, they're going to call someone and all that, they'll be taking away, you know, if they do that.
You know what I mean?
Forced sterilization hell for parents like these.
Forced sterilization.
Our country's going down and it really is.
Okay, I'll see the passport office.
Okay.
So why did the two hour can't find a Georgia's history?
It's a 101 and 560 WQM.
We have one open line.
If you move quickly, as they say in some of those corn balls shows on the marginal stations.
560, 705, 60, 05, 560 out of 18 T wireless time.
We got Jim Mad Dog bandage.
Two to a 330.
We got the Marlins baseball game.
And Marlins at the Giants, I mean, so banal, baby.
I mean, could there be anybody listening to that?
No.
And then we got Kim Boe camp or after the game.
They've camped at 10 o'clock tonight.
That's what we got.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Thank you for how you doing.
Okay, sir.
Neil, I was just, you know, I just hope that after this tragedy, I don't see a bunch of
psychologists coming up in the air, coming on air and talking about how this kids were
mistreated when they were young and they have all this agendas.
No, you will.
You'll see that.
But you know, we were getting too soft.
I hope that if we find any of their cronies knew about this and they were took powerfully
to come up and tell something that somebody had something like this was going to happen.
Yeah.
I hope we throw the book at them in the item under federal terrorism act and get them and
burn their ass in a, and they want notoriety?
They should get it.
Burn their ass in an electric chair and get the notoriety they want, you know?
But I mean, this country is becoming too soft and we're creating a bunch of cowards that
all they have is excuses for creating bad acts.
And it's just sign to see like innocent kids die because there's some bunch of losers that
have problems with races or they have problems with people of color or athletes because they're
a bunch of dorks.
And we should just throw the book at them and let them know that we will not tolerate this
anymore.
Okay.
Well, of course, we'd like to have the opportunity to throw the book at them, but unfortunately,
well, fortunately they're dead because now we don't have to hear all the bleeding hearts
and we don't have to go through all the song and the dance and spend a lot of money, you
know, to defend them or whatever it's going to be and to keep them alive and jail and
on death row.
Because here's one case where they were old enough.
One was 18, the other kid was 17.
So they were certainly old enough to be tried as adults, but there you go.
Mr.
Terchans, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-lotter nail.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Before you're talking about that right wing bitch, you got to listen to this story.
Rosie O'Donnell this morning opened her show, Crying for the first 10 minutes about a Colorado
incident.
Yeah.
Following her sobbing, she made the comment that it shows like Jerry Springer that these
kids watch that cause these actions.
She said that on the ear.
That's what she said.
Can you believe that?
That's fucking bitch.
There you go.
There you go.
Jerry Springer's show causes me.
You know, it's interesting.
Jerry Springer's show was on in Europe.
It's on in Netherlands.
It's on in Germany.
And it doesn't happen.
And they're not doing these things there.
Isn't that amazing?
Just amazing.
All right.
Thanks for the good news.
That fat, disgusting bitch.
She's pissed off just like Oprah's pissed off because Jerry Springer's beating the crap
out of her.
Okay.
Jerry Springer's mindless garbage.
It's will.
But big deal.
Either watch it or you don't watch it.
You got a choice.
People don't commit violent, grotesque, barbaric crimes because they watch a TV show.
If if if they've been instilled with the proper values, if they've been any even minimal
kind of upbringing at all.
If 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
I'm mobile in Margate.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Pressing day, isn't it?
Yeah.
I always have some clowns out there who, you know, everything's a big joke to them.
I know.
I heard that last one.
That was a joke.
But what do you kids need today?
I need some of the old-fashioned stuff.
But my mom and my dad used to give me.
And I think that's what we're lacking in today's society.
It's not allowed to touch your kids.
Not allowed to do anything to your kids.
So the kids get away with it.
And they feel like they can get away with anything once now.
And that's what it's all about.
OK.
Good luck to us, sir.
Got several open lines.
Now we just, they ran out of interest.
OK, we've sustained it for three hours today.
And now it's like, well, what's that ballgame coming on, huh?
We want to get into something that's a lot more fun than this.
Well, I'm telling you.
It's terrifying.
It really is.
It just makes you speechless.
I'm sitting there and I'm watching those people yesterday.
Those parents waiting here desperately looking for their kids.
And I'm taking them myself.
What are other parents thinking about is they're watching this?
What are parents all over this country thinking about as they're watching this thing unfold?
How many loads of are in their underwear?
How many times did they have to change as they're watching what's going on?
The kind of slaughterhouse that we're looking at.
Oh, but it doesn't have all that often.
Yeah, right.
Doesn't have to all that often.
That's comforting to know.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
That was a good lead because the reason I'm calling I have two children.
And my question is where are the parents now that all their respect is my child was pulling off wings off bugs and putting cats into ovens.
They burn that would raise some questions in my mind that there's some problems here.
Are these parents saying, oh, look, my kids studying biology.
I mean, they're building.
I'm wondering how come the parents didn't know that their kids were going to school in black trench coats with dark sunglasses on every day.
They're building pipe bombs in the basement.
What are the parents think their kids are going to be chemists?
Yeah, I mean, I just don't get where the parents are.
It's really, really frightening.
I haven't heard enough to, I'm not one of those people that rushes to need your reaction without hearing a lot of information.
But I haven't heard enough about the parents yet to know the answer to that.
But it's certainly something needs to be looked into.
I mean, if my kid was drawing pictures and, you know, this whole thing with internet and lack of parental supervision, it's just incredible.
Don't forget these kids are 17 and 18 years old.
It's not like they're having a lot of them some going on and these kids live.
All of a sudden they wake up one day and they decide, okay, let's go blow up 15 kids.
No, they didn't just decide that. They've been preparing for this for a long time.
They even had it on the website that April 20th Hitler's birthday.
Something wrote test was going to happen.
Exactly. It is frightening.
I mean, I have two small kids, four and six.
And, you know, I mean, we are just, I mean, I don't let my kids watch television.
I monitor, I mean, my parent, I work, I am a working mother.
But I do monitor. I'm very involved.
My husband and I are very involved in what they do.
And I know what's happening. And it just seems to me, I mean, I remember when I was a teenager and I started smoking pot.
I mean, there was some pretty clear evidence that there were some changes going on there.
And, you know, I guess my parents were kind of clueless.
But I wasn't a violent or worse thing that happened to me is I ate a pizza.
I mean, things have really, really changed.
And I went to an inner city type school.
And even in the 70s, I mean, there were tons of drugs.
But I just don't remember people thought it fits.
I mean, I just do not remember all of these guns and things like that.
And I was not raised in a real naive environment.
So I just, it's very, it's frightening.
I mean, there's no simple answer here.
And it's just not going to go away.
We have so much violence.
People are just immune.
They're like walking, they're walking around a nest.
And then they accepted the public is, you know, collectively has come to accept that this is the way that life has to be.
They believe this.
And I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
I'm not going to play with this.
She's a fat, talentless pig.
Who ought to kiss the ground that she's on the ear.
I have no idea what anybody would watch that.
Any more than they would watch Roseanne Barr or Oprah or any of these other people.
But again, that's the women audience here in the day.
I have no idea what that's all about.
No clue.
I'll stick with Old Bob Barker in the prices right.
Thank you.
And the young and the horny and the guiding light, even as the pressing is at screening.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know it's time to grab your passport when you're thinking of nominating Alex Pinellas
for Vice President for the Democratic Party.
Who said that?
He was in today's paper.
Alex Penis?
Alex Penis for...
He shouldn't be vice president of the Dog Catchers Association of America.
He's a joke.
Yeah.
A child joke and he's being mentioned by Al Gore as a pilot.
Never going to happen to.
There are 10 people outside of Sofford who have ever heard of Alex Penis.
Never going to happen.
Don't be good by the get rid of him, though.
It's only one question.
Okay.
Yeah.
He's busy down there with the circle.
He's having a circle jerk down there with the circle.
Alex Penis.
He's probably having a circle jerk with Mickey Harrison.
Or would that great new American Airlines arena after he got elected based on the line to the public?
Oh, yeah.
We're going to do everything in our power to make sure that we don't build this costly new arena.
Just a couple of blocks away from the old crappy one that nobody wants to go to.
Downtown where nobody wants to go because nobody, everybody fears for their life.
Downtown.
That's why Alex just another typical phony baloney politician.
That's what you are, Mayor Penis.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile to West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, a publishing West Palm Beach.
I don't know if you discussed this, but how tremendous is it that old your personal friend, Chuck Heston,
and the National Repugnant Association are having a convention in Denver at the end of the month?
Use son of the...
Yeah, I just mentioned that.
April 30th.
Oh, I didn't hear it.
I just picked up.
Yep.
Pretty funny stuff.
Yeah, very funny, huh?
Historical, right?
Use son of the bitch.
5.670560.560.
Yeah, listen.
It's ingrained in the mind of Americans.
It's ingrained in there.
It's a sickness.
It's part of the American psyche, man.
It ain't going to happen.
You can talk until you're blue in the face.
Americans are obsessed with...
There are millions and millions of people in this country.
They're obsessed with that thing with the guns from Wyatt Earp and Wild Bill Hickock.
And Hoppalong Cassidy and the...
You and Jesse James, you name it, man.
Shoot off cowboy.
This is still the Wild West.
The shoot out at the Not So Okay Corral.
That's America for you.
It's a crazy place where everybody has guns.
I don't want to be living in a place where everybody has guns,
which is why I'm going to get down out of here eventually as soon as possible.
And anybody else with the brain would do the same.
This is a lot like I said at the beginning of the show today.
This is not...
I've been trying to tell you folks for years.
This is not the way you're supposed to live.
You have to arm ourselves against the scumbags.
Well, that's terrific.
That's a lot for us.
You know, the guys that are going 10 miles over a speed limit,
we got cops to take care of them.
And the guys that got, you know, a little number in the...
I'm ash tray there.
The cops are going to nail their ass.
And God forbid somebody's got too many plants going in the backyard.
They're going to be going along to jail for a long time,
taking up jail cell space.
But the real scumbags, the aberrant scum in our society,
we can't seem to do nothing with them.
In fact, we even admire them if they can play a football,
if they can run fast or throw a hit of baseball real hard.
Michael Mayo, you piece of crap.
This town has got the most gutless, the most spineless writers,
not just sports writers, writers, periods.
You say nothing.
Even that old crusty, 80-to-pope from my can't stand.
I salute him for having the balls to blow the whistle on the seasonal colon's thing.
In fact, we got a gangster coach here in this town.
And then this morning, he's got a print all those letters in there.
How dare you, Jimmy!
Jimmy is like a sickness.
He's representative of the illness that exists in this country.
Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy.
And on his station for crying out loud, they can't stop.
They can't get their lips off Jimmy's ass.
He must have wrecked them, burn out.
He must have had it at that.
Bracken, burn.
That's right.
His ass is probably more purple than Greg Reads from all the suction that goes on.
A football coach did the same thing at UM, same thing in Dallas, same thing here.
And as long as they can win some ball games, most of these so-called fans,
they don't give a crap.
They don't give a rat's ass.
And then they wonder why the kids don't have the right priorities and right attitudes about life,
and are we specter-rating?
There's a real good message there, Michael Mayo.
I hope you'll open with Greg Cotex.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you think MSNBC is a high-end party?
Can't hear you.
Can't hear me?
No, I hear you.
Okay.
Do you think MSNBC is a high five when the story broke?
Well, why would you single them out?
How about all the media?
Well, how about all of the Fox News channel and CNN and MSNBC?
Well, did you see the interview John Gibson did with this?
Sir, I wouldn't watch John Gibson if you paid me by the second.
I'd like to make...
I'd like to drive a stake through his heart.
What were you find a heart?
Yeah.
He had this poor kid.
The kid was scared and inarticulate.
Yeah.
And he would like...
Well, that's the kind they liked the best.
He wouldn't let go of this.
The kid didn't know what to do.
He's looking from one side to the other.
Yeah.
It was shameful.
Absolutely.
And let me ask you this.
How come the school authorities didn't protect...
...the kids from this crap?
Okay?
They were...
Why didn't they grab their kids and take them home and give them a hug and say,
okay, listen, we just got through the most traumatic experience.
Hopefully, they'll ever have to face in their lives.
You back to...
You...
...great robbers will have to wait.
It's despicable.
Absolutely despicable.
That...
Don't you understand the American media?
That's what they're all about.
Exploding tragedy.
Making hay with everybody else's misery.
That's what they're all about.
Yeah.
Okay, Neil.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Knock it on people's doors, whose kids just got slaughtered.
And they did do this all the time.
Well, Mr. Jones, how do you feel now?
How do I feel?
How do you think I feel?
You jackass.
You simple.
And...
Not only the way that they do it, but the questions that are asked,
these sophomoric, idiotic, insulting questions that they ask,
how are you getting along now?
Oh, just great.
We never felt better in our lives.
We're going to have a party.
We're going to go on Vegas.
Punch our brains out.
That's a part of it.
The sickest God that media anywhere in the world.
Sick, pathetic, with no conscience whatsoever.
Here's a mobile...
5.670560.560 on the 18TW.
It's one of your people again, and that's all they know.
That's all they know.
It's to be jackasses.
You're a moron pal.
You're an asshole of jackass.
That's a compliment.
In your case.
Your people.
Here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The problem.
Not enough guns.
The student population would have been armed.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks. Thanks, genius.
Here you go.
My funny gets it.
Here's one for you, pal.
And another one.
5.670560.560 on the 18TW.
Here's a mobile and coral springs.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thank you for taking your call.
You know, the gentleman called in a little while ago,
and he tried to attribute all the problems with these masks,
shootings, and that, in the Bible building.
And I think I recall there was one up like an Edinburgh Pennsylvania area,
a couple of years ago.
That's a little bit of a problem, though.
One in Alaska, and I pointed that out, yes.
Right.
Well, the point...
I know you can't generalize anything, but I've kind of noticed that.
Most of this...
You don't see this thing happen in the real...
You know, the real...
rural areas where...
I've got like Joe, for Arkansas.
There's more poverty.
Like, poverty.
Joe, for Arkansas?
No, but I'm talking about whether there's more poverty than middle class or upper middle class.
There's plenty of poverty in Joe's for Arkansas.
In Paduka, Kentucky, there's a lot of poverty.
There's a very rural areas.
But the school...
I'm talking about the kids that are perpetrating these crimes.
They're coming from homes where their parents have given them these anti-social games.
Like Game Boy and...
Well, how about in Paduka and the one in Arkansas where they brought them up very religious
and they went to their pastor right away for advice after they shot the people?
I mean, you're a genueralizing, man.
They're coming from all different kinds of homes.
Perhaps it won't fit, but all I'm saying is I would like to know a profile if those kids of all had access to individual computers,
individual Game Boy, individual, Sega Genesis.
We're all they do is sit and stare into a game.
But let me ask you this.
What does that mean?
That everybody who's got an...
They're going to stare into a TV screen and they don't interact with the rest of the...
And what about all the other people that are sitting there with computers?
Are they going to go out and start shooting people?
You remind me of the pro-ohibitionist, sir.
Yeah, get off the hatchet.
Start going out there into banging people over the head with bottles.
Sir, let's bring back pro-ohibition.
Let's throw up pro-evict booze.
Let's pro-evict gambling.
It doesn't work.
He started out by saying he don't want to generalize.
Then he makes these wild generalizations.
Everybody that's sitting there watching these computer games dealing around on the internet.
I mean, they're all mass murderers.
They're all...
Everybody's a potential mass murderer.
I guess if that's your logic...
Let me say it again.
We live in a violent, a brutal, a barbaric society where human life has little value.
And if you get angry by my saying that, tough bananas.
Okay?
That's a fact.
It's not something I made up because I'm a bad guy because I'm a piece of crap.
That's the fact.
Of all the westernized countries in the world,
this is by far the most violent, the most aberrant, the most unacceptable.
Look up the numbers.
Okay?
Don't just come here and make them up off the top of your head.
Look them up.
Get one of those, you know, all the next.
You'll be a gas.
You'll be puking your guts out.
Here's a mobile in April.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I hate to freeze, but let me tell you something.
I'll put a Jesus Christ and the Virgin Mary, the whole team, were playing poker just today.
Here's a mobile in Medley.
They were at the poker game.
He's right.
Maybe they're at the bingo game for the church.
Mobile in Medley.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
I'm a graphics editor.
I shared my Mac screen for like 17 hours a day.
I wonder if I'm going to go out and shoot 10 people.
I suppose the cops are absolutely right.
There's a cop for every guy going 10 miles an hour.
But you know when it comes time that someone's bossing in your house and you call it, take some time.
You hit it down the night and then we had to just make another big marijuana bus, baby.
We just made another big haul here.
Like we're supposed to be impressed by that.
Listen.
When it comes to Alex Pinello's money for the Democratic ticket with Gore.
Doesn't that make you feel like you kind of waste John Anderson and we're kind of still sticking around?
No.
No.
All right.
Well, can I go join the Green board now?
The white here makes me think about Nick Navarro.
You know, makes me real nervous.
The media is sick and needs help badly.
Yeah.
See if they want to play in that machine. What, how do you like that?
Cut up, I don't think it's gonna play in there.
But oh, you know what's the problem?
I'm a thing, just make use of square and first.
When you're chewing on last grizzled...
Back!
Give a whistle.
And this'll help things turn out for the best.
Hey!
Always look on the bright side of life.
Oh, right!
If last thing's totally wrong, let's have a difficult and let's just have fun, the dance
and think.
When you're feeling in that dance, stop it silly chaps.
Just first you'll listen to whistle, that's the thing.
Ain't no way to come to cry, side of life.
Come on!
Always look on the bright side of life.
For life is what it's all about and then.
On a world you must always face the curtain with a bat.
Look at that bat you think, give the audience the cool.
Enjoy it, it's your last chance, and yeah!
Now, always look on the bright side of death.
I just think, hold you, draw your terminal breath on.
Lost the pitch of shit, when you look at it.
Lost the last dance of justice, too.
Use your soul to keep on laughing as you can.
Just remember that the last song is on you.
Hey!
Always look on the bright side of life.
Okay!
Always look on the bright side of life.
Have a blast, you have to.
Always look on the bright side of life.
Always look on the bright side of life.
You're a thing, Jack, you're a thing, you know?
You've got to do, tonight you talk about nothing, you can't back to nothing.
Oh, you're lost, now I'm here.
You're lost, now I'm here.
Nothing will come from nothing in our eyes, guys.
Oh, you're lost, you're lost, now I'm here.
Hey, you're lost, now I'm here.
This is Eddie, this is Eddie, this is Eddie, this is Eddie.
He's a bit of a boy.
He's got my soul, I live with both of them.
I'm lost, I'm lost, I'm lost.
I declare my soul and my soul, my soul.
I declare my soul and my soul, my soul.
All right, everybody.
I'll take you in, I'll take you in, I'll take you in.
Come on, don't take the money in, I'll take you in.
1.302 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the 18.T. wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Well, I'm a first time caller.
I've been listening to you at least 15 years or so.
And this is, this call, it really got me to thank you.
I grew up in the 50s.
And this is the first time that I've seen such a response to people of color being blasted
as they did in this high school in Colorado.
People of color?
Well, I don't know if it's just people of color or just the kids themselves, but whatever.
Well, I don't understand.
What does this have to do with people of color?
No, what I was about to say to people of color on those structures, that's all white kids.
Okay.
No, but what does their color have to do with it?
Okay.
It shouldn't have anything to do it all.
It doesn't have anything to do with it.
I just heard that on a news report.
You heard what?
Well, what I call you about.
You heard what?
I heard that these kids shot, um, um, kids of color and athletes.
That's what I heard on a news report.
Yeah.
I don't know.
We don't have seen the identities of the 15 or 17 bodies inside.
We haven't seen what I just heard that on a news report.
I'm just, um, you know, kind of, it's not a racial thing.
Most of the kids and people like, but I, but I'm not.
Well, white.
Okay.
But that's not what I call about.
What I call to say.
And I mean, my heart really go out to all these parents and all these kids.
And that's, well, everyone has affected.
But, um, but you started to say it's the first time you've seen a situation where people of color.
Right.
I don't know.
What is, what is that mean?
What are you going with that?
I'll tell you why I call about.
I mean, why I made that comment.
Okay.
I grew up in this country in the 50s.
And I heard people talking about how their parents, you know, they grew up in how their parents taught them.
And how they will thank and stuff as a child.
But I mean, in this country, you know, me as a black man growing up in the sifties was no picnic growing up.
I mean, if that's the way that their parents taught them, then we got a real problem.
Other than the one that happened in Colorado.
That's all I call to talk about.
Okay.
Anybody have any idea what he said?
No.
Okay.
56670560, 0560 on the 182 Rivals line.
And if you got any clue.
No.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
On the air.
It sounds like you.
I'm calling.
I just want to make a comment, Neil.
I don't want to put it all on the parents because really that's not fair.
There are some parents that you have great job and then the kids turn out bad and just.
Right.
And help them.
Sure.
Of course.
But I think if you're a parent like that, that you've done the best you couldn't.
You keep those, you know, crooked.
Let society know let the teachers know that the parents of the kids being around with no.
I have locked control my kid.
Get him help if you can.
But you know, these parents, did they see their kids running around in trench coats and boots?
And didn't they, what they think it was like the latest style?
Exactly.
I'm making pipe bombs in the basement.
I mean, we haven't found out a lot about it yet.
But I mean, that's going to be real fascinating when we find out what kind of people these are.
People was the right word.
Like this girl that called him before.
She said, you know, what does the parents think to their chemists?
And really, I'm sorry, you know, the school system does need to get better.
And I would have guards in schools.
I would have monitors for, you know, metal detectors and all of that.
But really, really, truly, it begins at home.
It begins at home.
I chased my 17 year old with a boom one day because he lit a cigarette.
You know, you know, you've got to put discipline at home.
You've got to start it home.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Like I said, more sex, less violence.
Oh, you can't say that.
I just did say it.
You can't say it.
No, I just did.
Sorry.
All these right wingers, all these wackos, all these goody-touches,
all these pleasure police, you know, always screaming.
The only problem is they're screaming about the wrong things.
The violence doesn't seem to bother them too much.
They're, you know, they got to get their rocks off by worrying about everybody else's doing.
But that's not the problem.
That's not even involved in the problem.
In fact, if this country, like we said in the beginning of the program,
we're mature enough to deal with sex like adults instead of like juvenile,
pre-pubescent children, then we wouldn't even have to be talking about that stuff,
about all these things, about the present getting low jobs.
Here's the mobile and dear field beach.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'll tell you what's wrong with the media today.
It's guys like John Gibson.
It's the guys like the Rick Sanchez.
Those are the guys that give glory to these sort of situations.
Yeah, but that's why they got those jobs because people too, and then they love that.
They're exploring situations and they hyperventilate and they jump up and down.
And there's a segment of the public that loves that.
The, you know, the lawyers out there, they're into it.
Oh, it's their version of Jerry Springer, but it's real life.
And the problem is, all right.
Ah, but that's a good point though.
Don't gloss over that.
See, that's a good point.
And then we have a whole, we have millions of people in this country you've seen
so much of this crap desensitized using that word doesn't go far enough.
We got millions of people that don't know the difference between reality and fantasy.
That's exactly it.
And the part that I had all these tabloid news shows now, the OJ thing.
Was that real or was that like a, was that a major TV fantasy?
The John Bonay thing, every one of these things.
Same thing.
It's set up for the news.
It's a set up for the news because right now Channel 7 is rock special reports on the high school horror.
It's always has to be a catchphrase for it.
Oh, yeah, right.
You know, the Mississippi massacre, and it's like that.
They always have to have a big adjective for the tabloids, whatever.
And for no any everglades.
Right, exactly.
But the problem is that there's a kid sitting at high school somewhere and say, I don't know, Nebraska.
Let's say he's watching this.
He's getting a notoriety.
He's with these kids are getting their faces put on TV.
Because the news is making a big deal of it.
And guys like John Gibson glorify it.
And there's a kid who wants to make a name for himself.
Some way I don't know about going out and shooting out of school.
But I know kids when I was in high school that would, you know, wanted to get up during graduation and move in the crowd.
You know, the kids are trying to make a name for himself.
Yeah, exactly.
But it's just, it's a shame and I think the media is driving it.
If we would just say, okay, 15 kids, dead, move along, we feel bad for them.
That's it.
But let's not go into the children's homes and start asking them, hey, listen, you know, what did you see?
Well, one kid, he flat out the older.
I saw a kid's face get shot off.
Yeah.
It's just unbelievable.
What they put the kids in their parents' dream.
They're vulnerable, these kids.
And that's what they're doing.
They're sitting on that.
And it's just a shame.
It just made the media just total garbage.
I mean, look at Charles Groden.
Charles Groden did the same crap on his TV show.
And now he's out selling maps of the stars out in Hollywood.
Now he's not doing anything anymore.
He got into that same trick and John, John, what's his name?
I can't even think of his name anymore.
That guy, he's next in line because all he does is sit there and just wait for the next story to roll along.
Yeah, John Gibson.
Yeah, well, yeah.
Yeah, you know where he came from, don't you?
He was, he was an obscure West Coast TV reporter.
And then when he OJ thing came along, that was it.
You know, like all these other people, like the two clowns that got on CNN every afternoon in 1230.
All right.
Well, Greta von Brown and Roger Kaseck.
All these people I like, OJ, now all of a sudden they're a permanent part of the landscape.
That's crazy.
You know, they get their notoriety from these stories.
And you think that the story creates the stars, but it's a shame.
Okay, pal, hang in there.
Take it easy.
Johnny Cochrane.
I mean, every one of these people, now are their big celebrities.
You know?
Marsher Clark, she's on there.
All these people are all a big celebrity now.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't give a sh-
I mean more.
Okay, I want to be a sh-
Chris.
Is that going to about day counting?
Shit.
I'm sorry.
Who would you like to go where your dog friends can from maybe your wife?
Yes.
Well, go do the convention hall where a lot of sense is going to be easy to find.
And that's right.
In our A's there's everything's fine.
Think you sell for a ton of times.
Will go by the gun throw it in the truck?
Top-top of the sun.
Good and drunk all the ride.
He's a ball or a downward street ball around.
He does something up and up and up and down.
That's right.
Who I am?
And all this is everything's fine.
Think you sell for a ton of times.
Good time.
Hey, hey.
Go by the order of thought it.
The exit has to arrive.
Take it, take it.
Go by the way.
Go by the way.
You can't see who's in life.
Hey, go keep your son.
How do you struggle to hold something down over his gun?
That's not right.
Raise the law.
Think you're packing it in one soul thing yet,
Rob, you need everybody to pull up love all over.
I just suck at you like a man who's gone.
And our ends is everything fast.
Get yourself a ton of time.
Swim!
And our ends is everything fast.
Get yourself a ton of good time.
Oh, right.
146 and 560.
QM, here's a fact from Carlos who says I'm a big fan of Howard Steer.
And I heard this morning's show.
I think it was disgusting that he would play Captain Janks crank call.
Howard said he doesn't have anything to do with it,
but by playing it three times, he encouraged it.
And he and Rob and we're laughing about it.
Then they'd get half serious and say, oh, that's terrible.
Howard told Captain Janks, he was the genius the way he gets his name on all these shows.
Howard also was saying that there were a lot of young bays running out of the school.
And with the exception of the blood, they had nice breasts.
Yeah.
Nice.
Okay, here's the adventurer.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
First time caller.
We'll listen to a great show today.
Thank you.
A few quick points.
A few other answers mentioned where were the parents.
My concern was that if they had a son and he went to school with thongs,
a very short pair of shorts, cut off T-shirt,
and I had what would happen.
And if the daughters wanted to go to school with teeth through blouses,
and no panties or something,
would the school say anything?
The parents say anything?
I mean, it's just unheard of that the parents don't know what they're saying.
I can't, person, I was thinking about this yesterday as I was watching this.
I can't, I mean, I can't envision anything when I went to school like what goes on now.
But I'm trying to envision a group of six or ten or twelve kids
who come to school every day with a black trench coat on in our gun classes.
And they rely on the sit-around like that.
And it's like, oh, well, they're doing their thing.
I don't get it either.
I'm not, I'm all against uniforms.
I think that to me that raises the whole concept of, you know, the Hitler youth.
And I'm just totally against that uniform.
We're going to change anybody inside the uniform.
You're being me.
You know, was he out doing something else?
I don't know.
It just seems.
And everybody that they spoke to, the only people I knew I think about the trench coat mafia were the kids.
Yeah.
And they were in the cops, the administrators, the principal.
Nobody knew anything about that.
They were invisible.
Right.
With the black trench coat.
The other question is, one or only one or two reporters mentioned where did they get the guns?
In fact, in the Colorado assembly now, our state house, there's a bill that it's not a law.
They're trying to pass.
It's not a law that you can conceal weapons.
It's more move.
That's pretty silly, isn't it?
Yeah.
They canceled the two games, but they do it down here if something happened to me.
No.
No way.
Last night.
And if it was a football game, if it was that time of the year that we had an NFL game.
Yeah.
And the Broncos were playing, you better believe they'd play the game.
Last night or the other night, there was a two-hour show.
Must have been last night.
And it was so, it was.
The guy was accused of raping little girls all blonde.
And this was a gym garner show for two hours.
And they got the wrong man, but they fired him from school and this and that.
They finally got the right guy, but they wouldn't give him his job back and they're suing and he comes off a building.
I mean, it was really touching that with the media.
That's the American fucking way.
You better believe it.
But OJ is walking around playing golf.
One other thing, because sometimes when you get slow, many, many years ago,
at the Lyon Theater on the beach, Lincoln Roo, I think I saw a weird movie.
It was about a guy comes into a town as a few hundred dollars and he sees a storefront radio station.
So he says, here's two hundred dollars.
I'd like to buy some time, give me two hours if nothing happens.
I'll leave.
I'll come back.
So for the first hour and forty-five minutes, nothing.
He's playing music and nobody's calling.
It's like 15 minutes, someone calls, but his question was, what is wrong with the city, whatever city, midville?
So maybe once in a while you can say, what's wrong with ILA or what's wrong with 90B, what's wrong with Aventour?
Well, we don't have that much time.
No, one week.
Okay, have a great day.
You too.
We don't have that many hours in a week.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What are you giving a look like that?
I don't know whether to read this facts or not, you know, about Rick Sanchez.
I'll read it.
It says, maybe Rick Sanchez would like it if the reporters visited the family of the man he killed and asked him how they felt when Rick Sanchez killed somebody they loved and cared for.
How do you like that?
From Jim.
I think that's a good point, Jim.
Because that guy, you know the guy that he hit outside the stadium that time a few years ago?
Dead.
Dead.
