The next one.
Ah.. go back!
Go back to hell where you belong.
Go back okay ?
We split off,Coll Pick them all for you
um..
Jack, n videos reserved!
A fight or a gas fall?
Are you fiymi?
Oh wait, are you ff Doc ?
K Sur'
a
six
of
WQA.
Yeah.
So anyway, what do you get an all paranoid about?
It sounded like, I mean, yeah, it was.
So anyway, I do have HBO.
How do you like that?
It was a crappy show last night, but I do have HBO.
And thank God.
Thank you, Dallas, for scoring that last goal in time for me to turn over and see generally
that whole hour on HBO.
I feel like such a moron, not only just because I'm here today, but because I call up my satellite
entertainment, my programming provider yesterday.
And say, I'd like to subscribe to HBO.
And I give her my phone number.
And she looks at, you already have HBO.
You just paid for another year of all your stuff, which includes HBO and Cinemax, you
moron, you jackass, you idiot.
And I said, thank you.
Well, you know, when you don't watch that stuff for a long time and you pay like with a
package, you don't know what you got until you lose it.
So there was last night on HBO.
I'm sure we had a few people in this audience watch that thing with zero number five.
Well, before we get to that, thank you, Tom.
Jekyll, for putting that article in yesterday, even though it was a very marginal article.
Otherwise, I never wouldn't know.
Nothing was on last night.
It was a week.
It was really weak, very poorly produced.
Wouldn't you think HBO with all our resources could do a little bit better than that?
Huh.
Yeah, I would think so.
I mean, out of the whole hour and it ends like 10 minutes before 11.
So it's like a 50 minute piece.
And of the 50 minutes, I would say about 20 minutes of it, were this juror number five,
she was sitting there like, you know, with her hand on her head and her head on her hand
and like thinking, and what am I going to say next?
You know, it was really nothing very graphic.
She did say the F word in there a couple of times and the SH big deal.
And that's it.
But anyway, speaking of Tom Jekyll, he writes this morning, W-I-N-Z decides, O.J. Simpson
doesn't fit plans for New Show.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
The O.J. Simpson trial balloon floated by W-I-N-Z radio has crashed and burned like Kato
Kaelin Chopin's career says Tom.
Last week, W-I-N-Z offered Simpson, who's rumored to be considering a relocation to South
Florida, $1,000 a day to host his own program on Stupid Talk.
Reaction with Swift and Hostile, including within W-I-N-Z's own building, even though
Simpson never responded, as a result, W-I-N-Z has withdrawn the proposal.
Although we heard from many who supported the idea, the overwhelming reaction from listeners,
concerned citizens, and even some of our co-workers, has been decidedly negative, Pete Bulger,
that backstabbing asshole, Stupid Talk Operations Manager, said in the statement released
by the station, we want to be good neighbors, he said.
So therefore, we're withdrawing the offer effective immediately.
They want to be good neighbors.
They're good neighbors to us, because they offer us absolutely, positively, no competition.
That's the best kind of neighbor to have on a radio dial, if somebody that offers you
no competition, none, zero, zip it, e-duda, that refuses to put anything on the air,
at least after 10 in the morning, that anybody might listen to.
Nice going, Pete, and another big bomb, even a Japs never saw a bomb like this one, okay?
The trial balloon, like Tom Jekker says, it crashed in Berlin, like Kato's showbiz career.
Went over like a pregnant pole-volder on a hot day in a fourth of July.
And what did I tell you?
And of course, they stole, you know, they stole the idea from me talking about the fact that
ROR wanted us to hire that piece of murdering crap here on the station.
And so naturally, they picked up on it, and the one that babbling it in the afternoon,
the babbling brook, all the kids that are doing this show from the long of this neighbor,
if he buys the house there in the game, the...
Yeah.
Your desperate over there, your desperate, you're struggling, you're so freaking desperate
that it's unbelievable, it's unconscionable.
And so they stuck their finger off the wind out there, a window when it got chopped off.
That's right, it got sliced right off, and the finger too.
It felt like a finger.
So anybody see the HBO thing last night?
No.
I'm sure you did.
I mean, if I'm going to waste 50 minutes of my life watching that piece of dirt, I mean,
they did have...
They showed her drawings that she made while she was sitting there with a jury.
And of course, this was your number five in the Civil Trial, which I don't think they
made very clear in all of the hype for this thing, you know?
But, you know, he slid her FN throat and nearly cut her FN head off as basically what
she said.
And when they showed them the graphic pictures, you know, the crime scene photos, the...
The knife wound to the neck not only cut the voice box to the... whatever, lyrics.
You know what I say, larynx, it sounds like an animal in the zoo, okay?
The animal lovers are going to take you.
Cut her trachea, but it all went all the way back to within just milliseconds of the spinal
cords.
In other words, she said her head looked like a peasant, the type of a peasant dispenser.
We just like flopping back, almost chopped right off, almost a severed head.
Which would have been interesting.
Maybe OJ could have put Nicole's severed head on the mantle, you know, like guys do a
hunter's do.
People love shooting, living things like deer.
And they love putting the head on the mantle to win it so they can show everybody how
macho they are, what real men they are that went out there and shot Bambi in the God
Damn Woods, the fendless FN Bambi.
Like that bitch that caught here that one day, a couple weeks ago, remember?
Who loves to hunt?
And was bragging about the fact that oh yeah, she likes to shoot deer too.
You know what?
I would love to see a deer just out of nowhere.
All of a sudden pull a piece out and throw her crap away, you know what?
Just when she least expected it.
Once you love to see that, at least in a cartoon, here the deer comes up with its own,
it blows her crap right away.
So guess what OJ, the message is go away.
We don't want you here, no radio is in there.
Forget about radio stations, I read a piece over the weekend about some company.
I don't remember the name of the company, but at that end of the day he's been wearing
these golf hats when he goes out and playing his golf with his bad arthritic knees with
the name of some company name on the cap.
And every time they show another photo of OJ out there when that cap on, the company gets
all these phone calls and the hysteria from the public.
Are you endorsing him?
Are you, you know, and if they please wear somebody else's cap, don't even wear our cap.
So not only will they not get a job, not only will nobody let him move into their neighborhood,
but you know, if he should wear like a t-shirt that's said God forbid Calvin Klein or Tommy
Hillfinger.
Of course we know the kind of people that were Tommy Hillfinger don't we?
Except for the dark, except for the colors they were because they think that it's in,
they don't realize it's, well, don't tell them.
It's a f***ing thing, okay?
9 minutes after 10 at 5'16", WQA, and you want to...
All right, all right.
Oh!
I was a friend who was feeling so mean until I found me already.
I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little nervous.
I was a little nervous, but I was a little nervous.
I was a little nervous, but I was a little nervous.
I was a little nervous, but I was a little nervous.
I was a little nervous, but I was a little nervous.
I was a little nervous, but I was a little nervous.
I was a little nervous, but I was a little nervous.
I was a little nervous, but I was a little nervous.
I was a little nervous, but I was a little nervous.
Maybe they're perfect for the ordinary, you know?
Maybe they're taking old God, that's good in there.
It's 10'14 at 5'60", WQA, and so thanks to my close-person,
friend, John and Lake Worth, who are fixing me this story,
which was in the Palm Beach Post on Saturday,
but being in Vegas, of course, I didn't see it.
Nor if I would have been here, I wouldn't have seen it anyway,
unless it was in the local papers.
This story, I'm going to tell you something.
Let me back up a second.
This morning, I'm watching Channel Surf,
and I guess it was the CBS Morning Show,
which gets worse by the minute, by the way.
They got that bitch with a glasses on there.
She can't do the news to save her life.
I have no idea what her name is, but this woman is lost.
She obviously knows that that thing's getting canceled anyway,
and they're going from the frying pan into the fire
and putting that Brian Gumball on there,
which means they're really going to lose big.
But at any rate, she's fumbling around for the news,
and it goes to a story again about this Cassie Brunel,
was better named, the girl I got shot, the one that said,
he says, do you believe in God?
And she said, he said, okay, go find him now.
Maybe you'll, there's another one for it.
The martyr.
And they were interviewing, I'm going to tell you something.
Seriously, I don't care.
What you believe, it's a free country to a point,
although it is, of course, a police state.
But they have a young black girl on there,
and I'll say, I shouldn't have said that,
but I mean, she just happened to be black.
It's not relevant that she was.
Excuse me for even saying that.
They had a young spart on there.
About 13 years old, 14.
And they're talking about this Cassie and how everybody,
what a hero she is now, and she says,
these were her, I wrote it down,
because I was so aghast, I was so shocked, I wrote it down.
She says, oh yes, she took the bullet for Christ.
Has there ever in the history of the human effing race
been anything uttered?
Even by LC the Borden cow, that was more ridiculous
than on the face of it.
Just the words, just the, and then they put it on television.
Because like Tanny Fakes keeps trying to tell you,
they're crazy, the media is sick.
These people are crazy, they're a bunch of bedbugs.
They're a bunch of grave robbers.
I thought they shot her with a shotgun.
Now, isn't that going to be the next one, by the way?
After we have choose life, next year,
the license plate that Jeb Bush is going to put out,
it's going to say, take a bullet for Christ.
Yeah, and we'll make you a martyr.
Maybe you can be a hero, like that thing we got.
Maybe you can be famous someday.
Yeah, buy about your handguns, you'll be famous.
She took the bullet for Christ.
But they shot her with a shotgun.
Yeah?
Well, there's still bullets, a different kind of bullet shot.
Why?
They're not in a shot for Christ.
No, it's still a bullet.
A bullet is a bullet.
There's not all bullets look the same.
What's wrong with you, man?
They're in a bullet.
It's a shotgun shot.
It doesn't, you're a full shot, okay?
It's still a bullet.
I didn't know she was shooting her.
They were shooting at Jesus for her to take a bullet for her.
I didn't know they shot her in the palm of the hand.
In fact, they had done, I mean, that's grotesque.
You know, to say it would have been a lot better if they
would have shot her in the palm of the hand, but they didn't.
They murdered her dead.
And they even had some Protestant thank God for some of the
more rational Protestants under this morning, a minister on that story saying,
you know, this focus is all wrong.
The focus should be on the loss here that, you know, a nice young girl was murdered,
not on the height.
This is all about your height.
He actually said that.
A man at the club said, thank God for you, sir.
That they're all getting sucked into the height.
And then they showed the thing with all these, this extension now,
the story that the media just loves this crap, so they can suck up to all the God-bull crap,
all the religious enough cases.
And they showed these kids, and these are evangelicals, by the way.
These are the carousel, what about the Halleit column?
No, we're not talking about the horse, okay?
Oh, by the way, what do they have, Dave Johnson calling?
He's not?
Well, I'm sure he will.
The bell months are probably tomorrow.
But at any rate, these are, so these aren't just your regular religious kid.
See, this goes back to something I said the other day.
Last week, in referring to some of our nutcase professional collars out there,
and you ask yourself, what kind of people were they when they were younger?
So like the older religious fanatics, what were they when they were younger?
They're younger religious fanatics, because they've been brainwashed and programmed,
and so they start with them young, just like the Catholic church.
Like Father knows best, he likes them young, real young.
They're evangelicals, they're rolling, and they're doing their thing.
Crazy people is what we're talking about.
So anyway, here's this story that John from Lake Worthback, me right in line with this crap about
she took a bullet for Christ.
What kind of a person number one says something like that?
And number two, what kind of people in the media?
I don't want to mention CBS, but I will anyway.
What kind of imbusels put something like that on the ear?
She took a bullet for Christ.
Just stop and think of all the ramifications of that statement.
The idea being that she died this horrible violent death for Jesus.
And it ties right in with all the God-bull crap, this sadistic God that puts everybody through all this punishment,
like the plane crash, by the way, it was an MD80, the crash landing in Little Rock this morning.
You see that story?
An American Airlines MD80, I mentioned that in passing from DFW to Little Rock.
And there were deaths, we don't know how many yet, but there were deaths.
In fact, here's the plane, oh geez, look at that, there's the wreckage right now.
Oh boy, bad.
An MD80, bad.
I know, got a good safety record.
I don't like those planes.
Don't like MD80s at all.
But at any rate, so there were some people died and a whole bunch of people got injured.
And they interviewed one lady on there, black lady.
Okay, so here's a good one.
She was very nice.
And she talked about the fact that she was buckled in and couldn't get out of the seat,
but then the plane split and we were able to get out.
And then they interviewed this elderly couple on there who escaped unscathed, who thought for sure,
oh, and one guy, one red necky looking guy who must have been on the way home to Little Rock.
Porky looking red-neck guy.
He says, oh, I thought the Lord was going to take me.
I was sure the Lord was going to take me.
But then after all of a sudden we sat there for a while, nothing happened.
And I figured maybe he was going to give me some more time.
The Lord.
And this elderly couple that survived, they walked away unscathed from this plane accident.
Well, we thank God.
And they said, well, what are you going to do now?
Oh, pray a lot.
We're going to pray a lot.
How about the people that didn't make it?
Are they going to thank God?
Are they going to, uh, I guess they can't.
Maybe they took it up the spectrum for Jesus.
Is that what it was?
Huh?
Maybe they died for Christ.
This whole religious thing, it's an SNM thing.
And those of us who want to participate were on the MSI, unfortunately.
We're taking it.
So here's this fact, the graduation crowd prays, teen who objected walks out.
This is so typical of America man of the intolerant religious nuts that we have in this country.
You people make me puke.
It says when the 18 year old returned for his diploma, please barred him and threatened him with arrest.
Talk about a fascist state.
It started with a loud clear voice, a man's voice, and it spread quickly through the hall,
picking up the tenors of teenage boys, whispers of young girls, and throaty voices of grandmothers,
which each, with each word, a grew more determined.
Our father who art in heaven, it goes on.
The Defiant Group thousands strong, ignored a school ban on prayer, and insisted that God be part of a Calvert County Maryland high school graduation ceremony last Wednesday.
A student who had successfully appealed for a moment of silence rather than formal prayer walked out in protest.
When he tried to return to the ceremony to collect his diploma, he was detained in a squad car and threatened with arrest by state police.
Are you listening to this?
School officials say in the fear he might disrupt the school sponsored coups around Baltimore Harbor,
barred him from the graduation party for which he'd already bought a ticket.
This is a church-going community and no one in the NAPA or Washington DC is going to tell us when and where we can pray.
The county commission president Linda Kelly who joined in the recitation of the Lord's Prayer.
The school administrators did the legal thing and complied with the law, but the audience took this one over.
The American Civil Liberties Union in Maryland said Thursday that an emotional majority trampled over the lone teenage boy in the Constitution.
A student was arrested because he disagreed with the majority and he tried to address that in a responsible way, said Susanne Smith of the ACL.
You adding that she considered the fact that police detained Nick Becker 18 equivalent to arrest?
Prayer had been part of graduation ceremonies at Northern High School for seven years, apparently without objection.
This year Julie Shank 17 planned to deliver in and vocation at the commencement until Becker, her classmate, objected.
He said that prayer didn't belong in a public ceremony.
As a compromise, Shank agreed to change her prayer to a time for reflection that did not mention God,
which he asked for 30 seconds of silence, the audience of about 4,000 rows and began the Lord's Prayer.
Don't respect those people with a brain. Those people who want to think for themselves.
Don't respect anybody who doesn't go along with a masses who are hypnotized and crazier than a bed bug.
Don't respect anybody's rights in his God-damn country.
If they don't want to suck along and be as stupid as some of the rest of you, just trample right over him, baby, because it's the American F and Wade.
Like I've told you before, that's one of the biggest things wrong with this country is that religious fanaticism here is alive and well.
More so than any country I've ever been in.
I mean, we're murdering each other left and right.
Oh! Yeah, we got rampant shootings and violence and hostility. I mean, you name it.
More than any of those other countries that I can think of.
And yet religion here is just like a fire in the Everglades.
Just spreading and spreading. It's just rampant.
And the country gets more and more violent and more aberrant and more out of control.
Just like all these church-going kids that we keep reading about.
All these kids that were raised with a religious bull crap and dragged off to church every Sunday.
And they're the ones that are doing the shooting, by the way, for the most part.
But this is just the ultimate.
Maybe he would have been better off to take a bullet for Christ.
Huh? Something to think about, Nick.
Take a bullet for Christ. Just stop and think about those words, boys and girls.
Stop and think about what kind of a bunch of crazy people we got here.
And like the minister said, and thank the Lord for him.
They're getting sucked into the hype and not looking at the real thing here.
The loss, the senseless, mindless loss, the killing, the murder.
And it's always, oh, well, the Lord, you know, thank God for what?
For kind of like sitting around worrying about who's going to win the ball game?
While people, innocent people, are getting decent people, are getting slaughtered?
I mean, if that's the way you want to live your lives, better you than me.
That's what I say for you, okay?
If that's the kind of crap that you want to invest your energy and your brain in.
More power to you, but just leave me out.
Okay?
She took a bullet for Christ.
Maybe Nicole and Ron took a slice for Christ, huh?
Maybe that's what that OJ thing was all about.
Crazy people.
That's what it is.
Crazy, crazy, fanatical people.
Obsessed with this massive doses of bullcrap.
Because they don't want to take responsibility for their own actions.
She took a frickin bullet for Christ.
I just wanted to take a goddamn shotgun myself and pull off that TV screen right there.
Just put it out.
1026 at 560 WQAM.
Shannon?
I fopped her.
I used to get mad.
Now I'm just mad.
I never give a kid the 200 feet down.
I can't believe that I'm a dead ringer.
For the guy I met on Jerry Springer.
When you were a creep, the king of socks.
Thank you, mom, had to work three jobs.
You let home when I was three.
You may have laid mom, but you really screwed me.
Mr. Brady, he was my hero.
Because my dad had it up to the end of the year.
I used to get mad.
But now I'm just mad.
I never give a kid the 200 feet down.
That's all I can do.
Well now and then sleep with mom and we never see him again.
At Christmas time.
It's said up here.
Your brother's a fluency and a six-petal of beer.
Can't go to college.
I miss my prom.
My father figured what was my mom.
Now I'm grown.
My life's a wreck.
But the only time he left is out to check.
I used to get mad.
But now I'm just mad.
I never give a kid the 200 feet down.
I never give a kid the 200 feet down.
No.
I never give a kid the 200 feet down.
All right.
1032 and 560 WQM.
This audience is on fire.
Maybe we got two calls there on the board.
Nothing moves these bastards.
You know, when are you going to learn your lesson?
You're ever going to learn?
No.
560, 705, 60.
Count 560 on a mobile one line.
We got Hank from New York again at two.
Maybe that's something I'd sure will stay on the year.
It's amazing to me.
Every day when I'm driving home, I hear that same thing.
I hear Hank for one segment.
And then we hear that long, after the commercial break,
long musical thing.
And the music goes on and on and on and on and on.
And all of a sudden, Cory comes on.
And we lost the line again.
I spent a little bit of time yesterday figuring this out.
Hank actually is on the year on the station on our 45 minutes a week.
You know what I'm talking about?
Which I don't think Roger may think he's paid his dues.
He's doing a great job.
But an hour and 45 minutes a week when you take away the downtime
and the Cory fill in time and everybody else is filling in
because we keep losing the line.
We just can't keep the thing on the year.
Five-setting, but we're getting the spot sign.
I don't know what we care about.
I'm not saying I care about you.
I don't want you to think that I'm relapsing because I'm not.
I'm very well under control.
560, 705, 60.
Count 560 on a mobile one line.
We're waiting.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pines.
Hello.
Hi.
I just want to talk to you about the girl who said
that she took the bullet for Christ.
I'm interpreting it a little bit different than the way it is.
No matter what the situation was,
no matter what the circumstances were, her faith in God was so much that,
she was willing to say that she did believe in God.
She was afraid to say it.
That's the only way I see it.
I don't see it as...
What do you mean she wasn't afraid to say it?
What did that accomplish?
She took a bullet for Christ as though by taking a bullet
that was something positive about it?
No, she was not justified.
No, it's not.
It's not the way you're saying it.
All she's meaning is that she was not afraid to say that she was a Christian.
She didn't know that he didn't say if you say yes,
I'm going to blow your brains out.
He thought of that.
He came in there with guns and everything.
He's not a Christian.
He didn't believe in God.
How did he sure as how was a Christian?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
Next year you're going to tell me that's a Nazi's war Christians.
Sir, go read a book.
Okay, go get a brain.
Go get you a brain somewhere.
So you don't understand because...
The next thing he's going to tell me,
Popeyes didn't sign the Concordat with the Adolf Hitler,
okay, and that they weren't Christians.
I'm sure that's Jewish propaganda.
Yeah, right.
Man, you see, you people can rationalize anything.
Like the minister said, not some atheist,
but the minister said this morning,
stop getting sucked up into the hype, okay?
Some young girl in the prime of her not even yet in the prime of her life gets blown away
and like, oh, her faith was so strong,
she wasn't ready to get blown away.
He asked her a question.
She had no idea what the hell was going to happen.
Man, oh man, I mean, you talk about self-hate noses.
There's no way to get through.
When your brain has been taken out of that...
out of that crock cavity there,
what's the point of trying to reach it?
Would it just not there anymore?
God, that's not what she meant.
What are statement in the very first call right out of the box?
We got a rationalized in there, like it made a lot of sense.
Like I'm misinterpreting what's easy.
She took a bullet for Christ.
That's what religion's all about.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
I don't know if you noticed that there's still four things that everybody in Florida is an atheist
and they might be right.
The new Power Ball thing.
You got to get four numbers out of 32.
And then one number out of 32.
Sir, what are you talking about?
That the odds of a new Power Ball were worse than the...
Well, go bet on something else, okay?
Go bet on Russian roulette.
I go through a half an hour of this stuff
and he's talking about the people in Florida being stupid.
You're right on target, Pat.
Go look in a mirror, okay?
Before you slit your wrist.
Go take a look at a mirror.
Power Ball.
And by the way, we can't have casino gambling here because it's evil
and it'll make you lose your lunch money.
Thank God that when the lottery got way up there to 66 million a couple of weeks ago,
that nobody was gambling their lunch money away on that.
And I'm all for the lottery.
I'm all for whatever you want to do for freedom.
But what a bunch of hypocrisy this bull crap is.
And is that money going where we're supposed to go?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one.
I'm this guy's worried about Power Ball, okay?
We got kids blowing each other's brains out.
This guy's worried about freaking Power Ball.
And by the way, the markets in the crap are again today.
All you people out there that are worried about money, like me.
Get with it.
Get your priorities straightened out.
There's more important things in the world than money.
I haven't figured out yet what it is, but here's the lady mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay.
Um, about this bit with religion.
I used to live on Miami Beach.
And, uh, oh!
Yes, I had, uh, a good stuff on your door?
No, I didn't.
Named me.
And they had a boy who was the same age as my son.
Yeah.
I haven't been Jewish, but not Orthodox.
And my son wanted to play desperately with this kid.
Mm-hmm.
And they continually, um, shunned him.
And I finally asked him, extra neighbor, why?
And she said, because we weren't religious enough for them.
And, uh, I said to the kids.
You know, they're sure as old.
They don't know anything about religion.
But I'm going to have a good time together.
Oh, no.
That's what we know.
Uh, about a month later, I was standing in my yard, in my house.
I was guarding, head on short, and I was leaving the top.
And, uh, the street walker came by, and started telling me that I had no business being outside dress-selling decent ones.
So I could be the only thing a rational person could do.
Yeah.
I grabbed the broom and chased the sky down the street and beat the crap out of him.
All right!
Great.
And proceeded to sell my house and tried to move where there were more normal people.
Good for you.
And on an unrelated note, a great restaurant for you in Rome.
Okay.
It's called the Apoleus.
The Apuleus?
AP, U-L, E-I-U-S.
It's absolutely fantastic and nobody knows about it.
Well, what part of it, where is it?
It's near the forum.
Oh.
Okay.
Give it a try the next time you go.
Okay.
I love your shows.
They're talking to you.
Brought to you immediately.
Bye.
I'll read it out to you.
Okay.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on the mobile one line.
She took the bullet for Christ, okay?
Like that story we had last week and a week before about the Orthodox Jews throwing bricks and the stones and bottles
that the less Orthodox over the Eweiling Wall because the less Orthodox had the audacity, the men and the women were praying together.
And they were going, oh, oh, oh.
See, it's not one religion.
They're all crazy.
It's all bull crap.
It's just, you know, some are a little more malignant than the others a little more dangerous.
But nevertheless, you've got a brain there between your ears.
It's the only thing that separates you from the lizards and the amoebas out there for Christ's.
When are you going to start to use it?
A brain?
A thing that actually works that can reason.
Oh, no, we can't die.
We're not like those other lower forms of life.
I mean, we have a life after death where it must be some meaning.
Why are we here?
You're here for the same reason that the ants and the cockroaches are here, okay?
Except we're more dangerous because we're bigger than they are.
And they can't pollute the air like we can and destroy the environment, like we're doing a great job of.
But I hope you have a wonderful time in heaven.
Isn't that what Chris Atkins said in that movie?
There's nothing like a night in something about more griffin's house.
I think is what he said.
Twenty before 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
I'll tell you what.
And then there's another area where the Lord is screwed up and that's your drinking water.
You open up your tapy of the best of intentions, you're paying a water bill every month.
And the stuff that comes out of there, it's loaded with crap.
That's right.
Bakery and all kinds of cancer-causing agents and chlorine, all kinds of mung and a drinking water.
If you want to do something that makes sense about a colic oligomant.
That's the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks.
To hate all but the white folks is an old established rule.
But during rational brotherhood we have rational brotherhood we have.
Lean on horn and sheriff's park are dancing cheap to cheap.
One who you'll agile the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school.
All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks.
All of my folks hate all of your folks.
It's American as apple pie but during rational brotherhood we have.
A rational brotherhood we can do Yorkers love the Puerto Rican cause it's very cheap.
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand.
You can tolerate him if you cry.
All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but during rational brotherhood we have.
A rational brotherhood we can do.
A rational everyone smile at one and anotherhood we can feed.
Nice to people who are inferior to you.
It's only four a week so have no fear.
Be grateful that it's not the last of years.
That's what he said.
There are certain groups that I want to mention.
There are certain groups of people like that first caller we had this morning.
If you get sucked into the religion as a substitute for equality as a substitute for quality of life as a substitute for a whole lot of things.
You're supposed to grab out of this phony a bullcrap.
It's like throwing you a bone and hoping maybe you'll stick it through your nose or something.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile on Hollywood.
First of all that second caller of the day you had the guy about the powerball guy.
He started out his opening thing by saying Florida's full idiots.
What is he?
That's what I said.
I mean you go look at the mirror right.
We're sitting there talking about all this other stuff and he brings that up.
As far as the girl taking the bullet for God.
For Christ.
Whatever answer she answered was the wrong answer.
Because if...
I mean no one really knows what this guy was thinking that shot her.
So if he was going to...
If he asked her do you believe in God and she said yes, well he shot her for that.
If she would have said no, he probably would have shot her for that.
I mean how can anyone say she took the bullet for God?
I mean we don't know what it was going on.
There was no right answer to the question about him.
What kind of a statement is that to make it as if there's something glamorous and glorious and wonderful
about standing up for some fairy tale so much that somebody blows your brain?
That's basically what she's saying.
Oh exactly.
I mean it's just...
Crazy people sir.
It's just a ridiculous statement.
And they put it on national TV.
They put it on network national TV, CBS.
No wonder that guy keeps crying bigger and bigger tears.
That's the median brick sand chairs and everybody else.
You know I mean they just...
That's what they feel they got to do.
Let the girl rest in peace, let her family mourn, let her leave everybody alone.
I mean I care about what happened.
I mean I'm...
I'm you know bothered by it and I feel for the families and feel for the people that were affected.
But leave it alone already.
I mean it's just...
I mean all they do, every time these people turn on the TVs or turn on the radio or open a newspaper,
it's day in and day out.
They're constantly reminded of it.
The whole country is so off based on this stuff.
They're not even coming close.
And yesterday Bubba starting with this bull crap about, oh yeah,
well we have to start clamping down on these video games.
This hasn't got anything to do with it.
And rational people that are brought up with any kind of values at all,
they don't go around blowing each other away because they watch violent video games or movies.
Nobody wants to touch the reality of the fact that this is a disturbed society of people that don't know right from wrong.
Well it all goes back to and you've said it before,
people need to start in the homes.
And the parents, the parents are dropping the ball.
I mean that's where it's starting from.
I mean it's not video games, it's not...
They're dropping the power ball sir, that's what they're dropping.
Power ball.
That's a great life.
Good one, yeah.
Yeah that power ball, you have one, yeah.
All these compulsive gamblers out there, you make me sick to my stomach,
you're all going to turn out like lester green shirt at Calder.
Walking around with bad breath.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hi Neil, how are you doing?
Yes sir, go okay.
Listen yeah, I want to talk to you about this God thing.
Listen I'm disabled, you know, I have two bad legs right?
So you know I have these religious people, you know, I say well gee, you know,
what's the deal with this?
They said oh well, God did this to you for a test.
Yeah everything's a test.
A test, I thought I was just about out of school.
I thought I was about out of school.
The tests were over with already.
I'm disabled, I work two jobs, I'm in a house, I'm a pretty good guy.
You know I try to treat everybody right?
Right, so what test do I got a pass, you know?
It just doesn't make no sense, and then when I go to heaven though,
I'm going to have two good legs.
That's right, and then you can get on your knees and go to the hospital.
You don't even need good legs in heaven because you're beyond your knees praying to God all the time,
telling how great he is.
It's just crazy, I don't know.
All right, well I just wanted to bring that to out across, and you have a good day.
And you two, hang in there.
All right.
Oh yeah, he works in mysterious ways, and he's always testing us and seeing if we really will kill our brother,
and if we really will kill this one, yeah.
Murder, violence, and mayhem.
That's what all these religions are all about.
Murder, and then by the way, somebody that wants to do something just very peaceful in Hollywood,
they come down to them, the city left the Hindu family, built a trellis in front of their home in Hollywood,
but the homeowners association deposes the trellis, and now they're dragging their ass into court,
and trying to make them take it down.
Here's a picture of the home.
Looks fine to me, okay?
Not a goddamn problem at all.
The trellis outside the home of Nagesh and Nagar Reddy was begun with a city permit that was later revoked.
And there's a whole big sawn of dance here with a city of Hollywood.
These are the same assholes in the city of Hollywood, by the way, that Mayor Guelante,
there had a nervous breakdown about the life as a beach t-shirts a few years ago over on the Hollywood beach.
A bunch of blue nose assholes over there in Hollywood.
And I'm looking at this thing, and unless somebody puts an eye sore out there and believe me,
this trellis is not an eye sore, and either is a satellite dish either, by the way.
Everybody's sticking their nose in everybody else's.
Everybody tried to do as much damage as they can.
Inflicked, inflict.
That's the American way.
Inflicked.
How can I annoy you?
How can I damage your life?
How can I create a lot of chaos and stress and sorrows for you?
Instead of being like civilized and a little bit to compassionate for each other.
Let's get some good ol' lawyers in here and sue our neighbor because they got something that we don't like.
I think they're jealous of the trellis.
56670560.
I don't hear any Hindus running around trying to impose their religion on Americans.
Do you hear any...
No.
...nice people.
...by a evidence they start with to deport their ass.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I don't know if anybody has mentioned this before, but I think I've written a time magazine that this girl who had...
...that she'd believed in God had just been reborn again.
And before that, she was like into rich craft and Satanism.
And the whole time she was in rich craft and Satanism, nobody seemed to bother her then.
Yeah.
And she gets reborn and boom!
Maybe she had to take a bullet for Christ.
Yeah, I mean, it's kind of a weird thing.
I don't think anybody thought that up, but I noticed that in the magazine article right after the whole thing happened.
It's a good point for rich craft, isn't it?
They made her the whole modern thing, the whole symbol of the call by the thing, because she turned to God and then God let her down.
Well, God just wasn't there.
He was busy at morning.
He was in the locker room with some football team somewhere.
Oh, by the way, I'm glad I came up on after National Brotherhood Day.
I love that song.
Okay. And have a great life.
God bless you.
Go kiss your neighbor.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Several open in the lines here today.
Nobody cares about the OJ thing.
I'm going to tell you I have no patience for any of that anymore either.
No patience.
You want to apologize for OJ or try to cover up for it or make it into a racial thing.
Be my guest, but not on his show.
Don't waste my time.
We suffer through years of that crap.
And this woman, by the way, last night, she was like half and half.
She's like a mulatto.
She's like part black, part.
She got a little and a bad neck, by the way, bad complexion.
Look at Kathy Willett's neck.
But nevertheless, it was unanimous.
It took him only 45 minutes to come to the verdict and they said,
yeah, he done it.
Guilty as hell.
Murdering son of a bitch.
And to think that we got Roy trying to get him in here.
See, some people don't know when they got to well off.
You know what I'm saying?
Some people don't know how lucky they are to be having a job.
You know, a job as a professional face man.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got to tell you that the Hindus are a world with the Sikhs.
You know that, but they're not doing it here, though.
Right.
They're not father and anybody here.
It's a human thing.
You know, the Tutsi take the Hutus.
The Tutsi.
Yeah, by-by Tutsi.
Right?
There you go.
But you ever see a Tutsi roll, by the way?
Yeah, they do roll.
Uh-huh.
I know.
I got to tell you, though, that it is precisely that lack of faith.
It is that lack of set of values and the belief that is lacking, that is causing a great deal of all these problems that you see.
So it is pre-cycling.
What?
The opposite of what you spew every day.
Absolutely wrong.
You're absolutely wrong.
What?
Well, faith in what?
Faith in what?
Faith in what are you talking about?
A lack of faith that does what?
There's more religion in this country than any country I can think of.
And how about Northern Ireland, where there's all a religion with a Protestant and the Catholic?
Is it their lack of faith that's causing them to kill each other?
Well, it's cross.
What you see a lot of around them is rolling.
It doesn't have them done to you yet.
It is hypocrisy.
Anybody who truly believes in God, anybody who truly follows.
And who are the true believers, sir?
Who are they?
And before the true believers really pleased that up?
Well, there are plenty of them, but then they're going to make the news.
They don't sell newspapers.
And people that follow in Christ's footsteps, the people that do what they're supposed to do.
That doesn't sell newspaper.
That doesn't make it into the radio, the headlines.
The scandals, what causes the headlines.
Not the people who truly believe.
And I tell you, sir, let me tell you this.
I know this may come as a great shock to you because you're full of crap.
When I tell you, do no harm, you can't refute that because you don't need to believe in any fairy tales.
And any supernatural invisible being, you don't need to believe in fairies and then goblins and elves and angels and all this other crap.
All you have to do is believe in that very simple philosophy and do no harm.
And it doesn't require any indoctrination, any religious sect to believe that.
Unfortunately, just common sense and common decency.
Unfortunately, that simple attitude that you try to spear every day, unfortunately, doesn't work.
You've got to have a lot more than just what was made.
For me, I haven't held anybody late in the way.
Sir, having a microphone and a radio station and having a dough button on your side doesn't make you right.
It just makes you know the asshole with a talk show.
Uh-huh.
That you're listening to every day.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, thank you.
1056, thanks for listening to 560WQM or 1056.
You two, amen.
My heaven, who is on the scale.
I'm standing by.
Stand in my way.
All right, now.
And we'll have another round of Sunday months here.
What kind of protest do you want?
It is not being anything you want.
It's not violent to come for the right man because I'm the gang member.
I'm the gang member.
I'm the gang member.
I'm the gang member.
The gang member.
And because he makes this his will love.
I make this a gift of his parents.
Yeah.
Who gets parted on just the...
What's that that's all about?
What's the reason?
Who can make his own clothes not afraid to cause a scene?
The gang member.
The gang member.
Oh, the gang member.
Oh, the gang member.
Oh, the gang member.
And the party next to it would love an extra gift of love fast.
The gang member.
And that's your husband.
My husband.
And Asian.
All the other religious part.
Asian.
What a very few occasions.
Folks in religious affairs.
Less than 10...,
Chicken.
Relay.
Second month.
Sixth.
Jackass events without the king or the Black%,
restore Dutch.
The gang member.
The gang member.
What a gang member.
What a gang member.
The gang member.
And the whole thing mixes it with love and makes the system look bad
Exist the system look bad
Yes, the bandit one can't mix it with love and makes the system look bad
Oh, the candy balls go
I'm the old time thing of the festival is this it
You're the best out of the world I think
Alright
Where?
I will start of myself today
1103 at 560 WMU this last bozo to cause all these people all I do is they repeat like I said before
What is it that's in your brain? Is it something that you put there that you evolved the you know into the thinking or that somebody else placed there just battling a bunch of mindless rhetoric?
You have to have faith. I was just telling George during the break the Islamic terrorists to have faith the suicide bombers
That's the greatest act that they can commit that if they do these things they're gonna that's the ticket to heaven, baby that they have faith in that
Faith in what faith in some bubble might see in some ridiculous twisted fractured fairy tale
Then nobody with a brain with that though a functioning brain could possibly believe
Yes, I have humanity. Yes, I have compassion. I have that decency you don't learn that by believing in fairy tales or by letting your priests molest your children
That's not how you learn compassion and humanity
Or by letting about your guys running around in dresses tell you how to live your life
Coral Springs hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir that last Coral
I don't know what to tell you man tell that guy the blow it out his ass another brainwash mark
It's never had an original thought in his life. Yeah
Well, have you heard about this this self-righteous bitch in in Orlando that's suing virgin Atlantic?
No for the Austin powers promotion. They're doing they have a billboard that says fly Shag Atlantic
Right, I've seen it and she says that Shag is a colloquial
Euthanism for sex so she's suing them for for running this this promotion suing them for what because they use the word Shag
What is she suing them for what what is it doing to her is it changing her life?
Yeah, it's changing her life. She wants them to take down the billboard and the
Shag her that's what I say what what are we supposed to do?
Eliminate we didn't have enough words and now we got to get rid of trim right we can't go to Bob before trim right trim shops
Whatever you do don't replace that ball cock in your toilet
They're not Kyle what about star 69 see it. Oh gee. You're done. See in court
I love virgin Atlantic by the way
They're great and they fly real planes like 747 not those puddle jumpers
I don't want to mention which they're having as long another one of these deals where they lie and they lie and they lie through their teeth, you know
American Airlines they have a big press conference on CNN right now
We have total yeah, yeah total bull crack
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
And oh this is see this would be bad bad taste to talk about those barfster bags today
I'm not gonna every would be in bad taste but
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Good evening good morning to you
I
Can airline's airline crash. I was watching this thing on good morning America. Yeah, and I am sorry
It happened to be there and first of all she's interviewing a 13 year old survivor
The girls legs were burned. She had a couple bruises and bumps and
She's giving a description of what she had heard and what she had seen and she said well the plane broke up
I am sorry right away. How many pieces?
Okay, now the girls trying to tell her that she was
They hurt and her sister her younger sister were going to grandma's house from Dallas, Texas to Arkansas
So she's trying to take her her little sister and find out how the little girls doing and all Diane Sawyer kept pumping was how many pieces at this wreckage
Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's what the media does best a exploit
It's just like the picture with Tampa. I don't remember what his name was ago about 10 days ago that broke his arm, you know
I'm talking about they must have shown that 75,000 times and then they used it as an excuse to ratio
Dave Dureveki when is like arm really basically fell off and then the other three guys with the same thing and are showing them over and over again
That if inexcusable
I'm telling you instead of worrying about video games the people involved in every goddamn part of television
These people are lunatics and all they do is exploit human misery and desensitize the American public to all these grotesque things
It gets better to because they went to a a local television station on a feed and she's talking to the guy that does the morning
Show there and he said the plane broke up and she had many pieces
Yeah, I was a question and then when he couldn't say how many exactly she had this complex look on her face
So now she says well, I spoke with a spokesman from American Airlines
Early this morning they had it on video tape so let's see what he said and she asked him again
I heard the plane hit a pill how many pieces did it break in?
I thought that I had respect for some journalist
TV horror that's all she is
Yeah, I
From Pittsburgh I was up there about three months ago for the parents playoff and I spoke to you about him like one who I've known for about 8 10 years
Yep, and he said to say very
Warm-hearted. I'll go to you and back to him. He's okay. Thanks. All right. Okay, I was a Michael Michael motorcycle 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line. It's 11 0 8 at QAM
You have to have faith baby and some bull crap and some horse crap that somebody else makes up and tells you you have to have faith in that and then
Take a bullet for Christ and then when you're through with that go kill some Protestants for Christ or Catholics depending
You know or throw some bricks at the less orthodox Jews
Big corrupt bankrupt business for people minded people who are too weak and too stupid to think for themselves
And a sad part of it is that there are a lot of people out there who aren't really that stupid another
They're different kinds of stupidity who actually have a brain
But that's one part of their lives. They don't have enough emotional strength to like think for themselves
So because the asses are masses and most people believe in some for details
I guess we should too just to be on the safe side those those are my favorite people who say don't you want to well, you know
Pretend you believe there's just in case just so you're covered
What's pick one is now what they say like it in ambush. I got your coverage
Okay, let me pick one. Oh geez. There's one. Oh, it's still a bloody one from Vegas
What's that religion where you can have lots of sex with a whole bunch of different people?
What is it called? That's a gay club you moron
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQ I am. Hey you Aaron shit like this. Wow. They're really come to I'm not so sure yet
I like the way they make my butt looks in yours too
Yeah, jeans my there's still a closet. I take mine out dancing mine come off in a flash
Say jeans in tight really tight and be my bitch tonight sizes
Not it make it your choice tonight
It's 11 13 at 560 WQ. I've never got an answer yesterday about our identical twins question about Doug and Jeff poppullich
Jeff bubbly you have him hercones
It's all too embarrassed about that way you should have seen the reaction to sports department
I showed him that ever Crabby and bitch catalog. Wow. Oh my god
They put it like you know like a Dracula did to the wolf pain put his cape up in the ear like that
Yeah, couple of the sports guys put their capes up in the air
Here's the cruel springs. Hello. How about sewing the Republican party next time they try to use the word bush
Yeah sexual connotation
Neil so much is you know little bushes. Okay, but too much bush. Yeah, we're O.D. on bush
Anyway, the joke is I'm O.J. I guess because during number five is Greek Italian
Is that what she is? Yes, she wasn't black at all. Oh
However, I was mr. Bolger I read the paper today
Yeah, we already got that sir already had it have a great day anybody else out there see that thing last night
On HBO see this always happens people call and tell me to watch something and then I finally do get sucked into watching it
Which it turned out to be a gigantic voice the 50 minutes it was very weak and then I get no calls on it
Except from this guy who wants to rehearse everything I already talked about in the beginning of the show
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line how come you put the mobile in 4-later day 500 down the list hello?
Yes, I am okay, you know I was I thought that was that lady she's gone
Go ahead what yes, sir. Did you have you been watching any of the political affairs on the some of the Republican candidates?
Political affairs
Not a fair. So like the one Henry Hyde had with the wife of that guy up in Weston
Oh, yeah fair head or high
Do you know I'm here?
He's a hypocrite the one that was calling Clinton. He's on that is unfair had his own kid out of wetlock or something, right out of wetlock
Out of matlock. Yeah
Well, anyway, yeah, do you see which head push? Yeah?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
They're out there man. I'm telling you they're out there. They're out of loose
Who says the monkey jungle's not doing a good job?
Here's a mobile in Pemberpine. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was just wanting to call you and let you know
This is the first time I've listened to your show got caught into a
Office to head on and I just want to say 94.9 all along
They got you they got to be they walk all over you just suck
Yeah, okay. Thanks so much. Just suck. Uh-huh Paul and Ron
Are they on it this time? No, no
He just he here's a guy and I want you to stop and think about this okay like we're supposed to believe this
He just walked into a guy's office had this show on
And he took the time out of his busy life to tell me that Paul and Ron
Is he talking about Paul Castronova?
Is that what he's talking about on Zeta who rips off all my material?
You better hope that I stay on a year long time sir because if I don't your buddy Paul Paul and Ronald both be off here
Because you won't have the materialist deal anymore
And by the way, you know when you have an omelet for breakfast every morning gets a little stale after a while
And he don't look at could anymore anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we got for him to open lives now
They already ran out of material on this. That's the greatest part that you people are tremendous man
You're unbelievable
Don't complain about the material in this town because quite frankly there isn't any
Paul and Ron a 94.9 they got it all over you. I think they got it over themselves. You can almost smell it
Here's for a lot of deal hello. Hi. Good morning. Yes, sir. First of all, I want to thank you for playing those Tom Lara records. I really love them
But I wanted to tell you the great quote of Gertrude Stein who was an atheist about religion. Yeah, she said
There is no answer. There ain't gonna be no answer
Yeah, that's the answer
And I always thought that that was a very very great quote to describe the way it is
Oh, it's not as it goes on. Yeah, and every word is going on in the world is a religious war right now
Think about that. Yeah, and what a wonderful God be happy
That's right. Thank God. Thank God that he's letting all that crap going on in Serbia with these serbs in the Kosovo
And it's going on in Northern Ireland for them has 50 million years
And then he earned the Jews and they're all in every part of the world the Hindus and the Sikhs like somebody said before and
And then Pakistan and India is the most of what I just said. Yeah, right and then and then team wars going on
Yeah, the Christians and team wars and Muslims and it's the Shiites versus the Sunni
No, I'll follow Shiites. You're just don't forget it. Yeah, right. Okay. God bless you. Okay. Let's say how to Gertrude
Yeah, lots of fun. Uh-huh. She took a bullet for Christ lots of fun
Oh, you just misinterpreted you taking the wrong way. No, she took it the wrong way
Interbody because Christ and God and Mary and all these other mythical things they weren't there to protect her
Pathetic and the way that people rationalize and manipulate this no matter what happens you'll never get a convince these people
You talk about depro- see they're always talking about deprogramming kids that are in cults, you know
The cults or what are called cults in this country those people are Pikers compared to the mainstream religions
Because once they indoctrinate and brainwash you from the minute that you're born
You haven't got a prayer pardon the expression
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line here Sunrise. Hello. That's good morning there. Yes, sir
That gentleman football player that was in that catalog Jeff Poppowich yesterday
He's from Arizona. I think he put high school ball there right first of all second of all to the lignis that are listening to the show
That have no idea what they're talking about. I worked for the Catholic newspaper in Phoenix
And being the only year working there. I was a boy. Thank you very much. I was able to see the inner workings
No one wants to discuss the fact that they have the
Audacity to tell people that they're not petrified when their lawsuits all over the the world
tens of millions of dollars
And how about this vicious silence for most Palm Beach that they just sent back up there to Michigan or Wisconsin
Where the hell it was to be a doing some more hanky-backy up there? How do you like that? Well, that's the same story the gentleman from the
Diases and Phoenix the guy that came here in 81 the woman got kicked out of the parish
He gets a job here
She can't go to any of the parishes in Phoenix, which is probably a blessing for her
He has a gig here doing the same stuff running the same old tune
So for those that are these dying Catholics to understand
You people have lost it. I mean back in the church. Yes, exactly right the other thing I wanted to bring up to you
the O.J. Simpson case
We so quickly turned around because I was living in Los Angeles in 92. This is just a payback
There's a payback to the white people for what happens right now
Exactly right. Yeah, so all it is right. Well, she'd be taken for uh-huh and having been a
Bestball player in the my former life
I was a minority and even the some of the brothers reluctantly would even say yeah, it is probably a payback and
People just have to see things what they are
So the Indian South Florida is just dead from the neck up
Telling me and I can say you because I can't go down to you my friend. Okay, I'm happy so good
Okay
Yeah, you need a lot of luck when you're on here because you know a few you find a smattering of people out there that
Got some kind of an IQ bigger than their damn thumbnail. That's right
But it's they're far and few between and when you see this abber and driving going on
Oh this morning again, I nearly got wiped out making the turn off on ives dairy road from uh the turnpike road there by the step by
P. D. Park which is a horrendous intersection by the way, which there ought to be a life there, but of course there's not
And I'm making my left turn and I'm doing the right thing because traffic is clear going uh, uh, whatever way that is west
And I make my left turn and some jackass and a black t-bird with dark tinted windows all of a sudden decides
He or it or she or whatever it is is gonna make a left no blinker no indication no nothing
And I had a slam on my break to protect myself from getting killed again by some lunatic out there
You can't complain about the driving in south florida because there's virtually none of it
They're not driving. They're they're doing attempted murders out there
They ought to be in prison
For what passes is driving in this town
Oh see there goes complaining here. I'm not complaining. I'm just telling you exactly the way it is. Okay. I'm not making it up
It could be paradise here. This could be this could be heaven
We could have casinos we could have people that know how to drive we could require people like uh, you know
To take a real test for a license we could have civil you know, we could get all the uh the murderers and the arsonists and the pimps out here
We're too busy with speed traps on the high this road and uh tap street. That's what we're worried about
That's law enforcement here and this guy they called yesterday to get to ticket for uh, you know
Well, what do they call it? Encouraging
When he left his windows of his car open to go in and get a couple of standing fighting inviting crime
Like we don't have enough real crime
So we have to give tickets for inviting crime because the guy left his window rolled down
Nice going porkers
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, I need a high-doller. Great open a paper this morning. I'm gonna find throwing up
The speedy boulder crap trying to get old you on the station. How still can this man be? Yeah, I don't get it
Okay, we'll get this called a dial tone
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello
Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing now? Okay. I want to know how can I get a copy of the avocardini?
It's catalog
How can you get one? Yeah, probably by going to their store would be good. Oh
Yeah, he's probably wants to see that picture Jeff
What's his pop-away to naked with his twin brother
They have a store down here. No, I have to go to see his palace in Vegas. They got a store there
That's where I John picked that thing up and the magazine to the catalog summer catalog ever crumbly in bitch
Yet there's something for everybody in here even George was getting psychotic over this catalog yesterday
You have to go away in the back to find the young ladies with the bear hooters in there. Oh, and look at how did I miss this and what's this guy doing that nice dog?
Look at that. I am. Oh, there's a guy on that picture too
I'm yeah over on this side mister. What is that?
So what dog? It looks wet to me and the dog too. Jesus Christ. Oh, there you go. There's all those uh, yeah
Yeah, you look up on top. I look down on the bottom there and there's something for everybody in here
So they have a phone number to get the catalog?
How come we didn't get a lot of calls about Jeff pop-away tunes on number 38 on the university Miami, Huracunza?
I mean, the fact that he's got a identical twin brother and is in this is a male model and here swinging them with his ass hanging out from the tree
What's wrong with that?
Just just just just just just just just just come and get what your problem exactly
I'll tell you huh what's the number what's the number for what the catalog people want to know?
Well, they want to get the
Does it have a number in here? There's like an order form in the middle of it
It's got to have like an 800 where the hell is the order form? I think you ripped it out. I don't have any order form in here anymore
It's in there. There were there. You know, it is not
Where the hell is the order form mister? I think you can get it out. Yeah toward the back. Okay. I'm looking
I'm looking. I don't see any guy. Oh look at that. Hmm, man. Whoo
Why I sure missed a lot the first couple of times going through here
Jesus Christ that's some good bathroom reading wow
Take a peek at that, huh
Whoo, but anyway see this is my religion. Okay
Can't stand people that look good, you know, I can't I'm just they make me very very upset. Why can't we all look like that?
Can't stand oh here it is. Here's a toll free number. Here you go
Asking you shall receive from
Oh God the one guy can depend on
1-800-432-08-88
You can order your Abercrabi and Fitsha you can order your merchandise, but of course I'm sure that's the same number
You can also order your catalog
1-800-432-08-88
And tell me what the summer catalog one that's got the naked the U of M football players in it and a lot of other stuff too
Believe me when I tell you a lot of other stuff of all varieties whatever you like it's in there
1126 at 560 wqa and when he's free drugs not I have free drugs tool tool hard to take it tool tool hard to take it
But the longest tool the highest tool
The smaller tool my fellow Americans I stand before you tonight part of growing part of expanding part of rising
I reach out my tool to all of you a rock solid part of
Free drugs tonight. I have free drugs tool tool part of take it tool tool part of take it and ask that we join together and say to the American people
Take it
Okay, well, I'm just leaping to this catalog again. So it's 12 bucks for the Abercrabi and bitch catalog big deal four issues or
Six bucks for just one or seven bucks for one or something
Oh, so what's the big deal with that 12 bucks for all four for a whole I look free better
I got news for you'll cough up the 12 bucks. Okay, you get more crap for free than anybody
I know including myself enough. Yeah, how'd you like all that meat by the way from our good close friend that I gave you?
Oh, it was delicious. Yeah, good. All my friends enjoyed it. Oh, good
5 6 7 and that car how's that coming?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's the cruel spring. Hello
Yeah, good morning. Yes, sir
Business calls religion absolutely drives me crazy
Yeah, I guess I was technically born in jewish, but I am an atheist and
It's really the pure form of multi level marketing at its finest. Mm-hmm
I can't even see how amway could compete. Oh, no, they're not the same league. No, there's no way. I mean amway
It's a very distant second. I mean a perfect example is we have friends of ours
Their family love up in Baltimore
They're off the docks Jews. They have
Children, or what do our Jews tend to a multiply like rabbit? Yeah, they know sure was it in the shifters in the
I think you know, they're running out of names for the kids
On the ninth child the doctor told her
That she's probably gonna have marriage and she needs to stop having children. Mm-hmm. She's had
Two more and she's now pregnant with 11th, which is likely going to kill her
Oh, what's the real difference between that and a cult and a difference between that and those guys that in California
That often sells to you know chase the hellbop comment
You know just a little bit level of faith
Just a slightly higher level and then last point is I'll try to be open-minded for them
I'm respected and I'll look at them as something different
But they'll look at me as something inferior
It's there's an arrogance about it. What drives me?
Orthodox Jews looking you was inferior
absolutely
Because I was technically
I can't I can't think of anything more inferior than the the old orthodox Jews with the alongbeards and the past and a heavy clothing
Especially now it's 172 degrees in the shade and they're slipping around on the old and road in the Washington Avenue
Absolutely. This woman is most likely going to die. Yeah, delivering this child is rational
At least there won't be number 12 anyway and what about this morning you had I guess god wanted that Jeff a crash and
16 people died. Well, they have a good idea. The ones who believed in God. He saved them. That's why they're thinking God
Only the bad people died. I wasn't the good day for God. I get 50 left
Mm-hmm. So uh, in any real amount of material. Zyga's on
Okay, 600 open lines here five, you know, I'm gonna tell you speaking of how hot it is
You know, I realized that this place operates everything on the cheap and you don't really care about the comfort of the
You know, the working conditions of the people who work for you, but I'm gonna tell you something
I don't I don't demand much of anything
You know, we got second rate equipment every morning we have to come here and reboot everything because every time
There's like a and of course this is only the beginning of June
It's gonna go on for months now every time there's a thunder clap noomin
We have everything goes out and here. Okay. We have to reboot this and reboot that okay
We can handle that
But the air conditioning we can handle at 75 points some degrees in here
And I just turned it down as low as it'll go and the guy that was in here yesterday the jackass with his big funnel
That he was carrying around sticking it up out of ceiling in the funnel to guess what pal you lose, okay?
Yeah, you don't know you asked for me or a funnel
Because supposedly they had this all picked in our program director our award winning employee of the month program director
Says to me with a straight face yesterday. Oh well not that they got it fixed if it gets too cool in here
Let me know and we'll see you know if it gets too cool in here
Like it's 190 degrees in the shade in here now, and this is only the second of fricking June
Because it's the beasley way because you cheap bastards over there in Naples man
You people are grave robbers. We're bringing in billions and zillions and trillions of dollars here
And we're doing it with Scotch tape and masking tape and with paper clips with used paper clips
That we have to get our own water for crying out loud from our friend the culligan man
We have to get our own water up here because we got a water Nazi that rations out water on the other side of the building
Because you're so god damn cheap
But when it comes to our comfort here, and I used that word loosely over the next several months. This is unacceptable
So you can have your engineer and this this jackass from the air catch we need to get air around the clock
We need to get them in here that guy wasn't from there wasn't no
I don't know well, why not
That those are our friends those people care about us not this guy with his funnel that thought he would be pressing him the song
Yeah, I got a song for him
It's called causal hoist fast
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a mobile invoker hello
Hello Neil yes
I'm not invoking him warm right by King's point and Delray oh boy
Getting ordered by the minute now oh god
Anyway, just
All right, did you did you see the the latest thing in the in the political world
Outdoors campaign has decided that they're taking god back
So they're not going to be out god is by any of these right wing lunatic oh brother
They're going after the god crowd and they're taking god back oh my god. Yeah, I know great
Unbelievable
That's all I want to say god bless you sir
3
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Helen Dale hello
Yes, sir
You always mention is that Roy Foster is supposed to the dolphins yes
What how does he know? Oh Jay has just confirmed them. He's good buddies with him. That's his best pal
I think they want how did I don't know the history of it sir
Why don't you call him up and find out okay call up Roy Foster and find out from
Okay, I don't really know the history all I know is I find it very distasteful
And like I said before if you want to hang around with scumbags
That's your business what you do outside the building okay, but don't try to bring them inside
Because we won't tolerate it. We won't sit still for it. We won't put up with it. Okay
We don't care how many happy face calls you make up there in the sales department
Don't bring your scumbag friends around this joint
Even the sports nerds don't want to see that's that murdering son of a bitch
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello
Any a lot of questions about one of your sponsors. Yeah, if I call nicks would they nail me my free cigar
You know what they would marry you? What?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line as we continue searching for a real call
Here's a mobile in Laxahatchi. Hello. Hey Neil how you doing?
I was doing great till about five minutes ago and they pulled a plug
Ah, it's not good when they pull the plug man when they pull it it is not good you can smell it
I called that one 800 number Neil
catalog. Uh-huh. The guy was funny. He was like yeah, obviously it was all quiet and now something we got
Storn with all kinds of phone calls. How do you know I only wish I could get as many calls as they're getting ever crabby and fish
Then I have to have calls on here. He is well for yeah, and he goes but the lot of them hung up when they found out they had to pay for
Oh, yeah, that's the soft border for you. It's the freebie crowd even George and our old years four months for a year
What the hell you know 12 bucks or 12 bucks, but it was why you told me everyone started hanging out when they told them you had to pay
What make them feel better let him know it's from soft border while the snores are love you nail. Okay, yeah
Yeah, they want the catalog they wanted for free. That's the code word in this town. Don't you people understand?
They wanted for free and what they see inside the catalog they probably want that for free too, huh?
Good to me
I'll guarantee you ain't getting Jeff a pop-up which for free
You notice how they uh the the sports nerds they won't touch that they will not call it on the show and talk about that
Because it's well, that's like being out of you know, I mean that whole closet football thing guys in real tight, uh, you know pants
Grabbing each other's ass
Taking showers together our gold thing was right on target nice going out
That's so
21 before noon. Do we have a schedule by the way?
Wouldn't he gonna be an Amsterdam again? We want to make sure we have a schedule so we don't the clash
We don't collide. I want to make sure that his apartment is nice and empty when the weather cuts a succession with hockey
Anyway
Go back
Go back
You're back to hell
Go back to hell
Go back. Go Jay
I feel your way
Okay, it's 1145 at 560 WDQAM. I didn't we missed that ending there the first time
But his girlfriend people drew five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
Did we have one call other than that guy who was a terminal?
Did we have one call or anybody saw the show on HBO last night about no?
No, it's your number five. No, it's too busy calling for the evercrombing and pitch catalog
And stop being so goddamn cheap, okay
12 bucks for a year four issues. How much is it for just one six bucks?
Yeah, well worth it at 10 times the price, okay
For all you desperate people out there that I guess they just want to buy all the
Cool evercrombing and pitch clothing right? Isn't that it all the stuff that's already torn up before you buy it
Yeah, think of all the time and work
Yeah, look at that looking for Jeff Poppowitz there man that thing's been ripped on and shredded and the pants too
The ones that are down to like the bottom of his
Yeah, well you know how it is with young people day they wear their pants low like around their ankles
Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I think it was shout out
I had a real bad experience who went to the hospital last night. I just want to say how bad this healthcare system is down here
Yes, it is hello. I'm listening and my girlfriend sat in the hospital waiting room for 45 minutes
She was suffering from vomiting and diarrhea from food poisoning that we had had
And I really feel sorry for anybody who ever has to go to the hospital. My hospital was this sir
Right on sample road and 95 that north
North Broward hospital. I don't know that one. Not for bid anybody ever has to go to the emergency
Take the ambulance. You don't want to go into the waiting room. Okay. Can I give a shout out? Please to Jason and Joe who's listening?
Okay, I love your show. Okay, good luck pal later. See you. There you go. Don't go to the hospital in this town
In fact, don't go to the hospital in America because they'll kill you
You can't complain about the healthcare in the west of a because basically we don't have it any like I said before
Most of you doctors out there a bunch of butchers a bunch of murderers
Which is why everywhere you go you walk around and see the big puppet people you should have seen. Oh my god
The plane from Dallas to Vegas last Friday
I'm gonna tell you something. I mean, okay. I'm I'm fat
But not real fat. I'm overweight
But like you know 35 40 pounds. I would look beautiful. I look just like Brad Pitt
But I mean I'm gonna tell you
I have never I mean we just kept the conversation just kept on forever because there was an unending
Supply I'm not talking just fat people. I'm talking people with these enormous puppets and then it's on on me
We're going to Vegas
You know where they're going don't you? They're going to the buffets
One thing about the phase and I love my friends and everyone's that's a great restaurant
It's a great sponsor. There are super people but you go in there and I'm gonna tell you you will see at any buffet
Some of the fattest slabs in the history of the human race. I'm not just talking fat
I'm talking gigantic and coming back. There's a guy a fat guy. I forget. I guess that was from
Vegas to Dallas
This guy's wearing a polo shirt. He fat people shouldn't wear polo shirts
Okay, and he is sweating up a storm at 745 in the morning Vegas time. This guy is sweating up a storm
And he's telling some moments in there about he's got his big bottle of Naya water
And how much are he watered three drinks because I'm the plane to get the hydrating and I'm thinking to myself
No one you get the hybrid and you got a leak mister
Because it's leaking out all over your yellow polo shirt
There's nothing like wearing a yellow shirt too to accentuate like a green or a yellow shirt to accentuate the fact you're sweating like a
pig
And you know who's responsible for this frost being fat in this country is you doctors out there
That's who's responsible who sit back and you let all this quackery go on all these phony diet pills all these scams go on
All this low fat bull crap that lasted for four or five years until they finally unmatched what a fraud that was and how everybody keeps getting
Fatter and fatter and sicker and sicker
And of course the medical establishment here likes that because fatter and fatter and sicker and sicker means more money for them
More money for Pfizer and all the big pharmaceutical companies and more money for the doctors
Who have a vested interest in keeping us as sick as they possibly can
How the hell did I get on that well?
It's because I'm looking at the abacrombie and fitch catalog and I don't look like that and god damn it
I should I should look just like that well
or close
Man, so let's talk about identical twins in the incestuous relationship between identical twins. I mean is that just a rumor?
I've heard that all my life
And to see these real I don't know so much with women of course
I haven't paid that much attention to it for obvious reasons, but uh
And how can you don't encounter as many identical twin women as you do men if you notice that yeah good point
Yeah
When's the last other than the doublement uh gum spots when's the last time even saw any uh identical twin women
Rarely I can't think of any cherry downstairs
Yeah
Although I haven't seen her in her twin together, but anybody else can't wait no no I can't think of any
But identical twin guys all over the place and usually look real good. Why is that?
I don't know any ugly identical twins
I do a couple a pair of ugly identical twins. Yeah
One would have been enough. Oh the one you were talking about? Well then too
But uh well, I guess the ones who get into catalogues and the ones on account there's wouldn't be the ugly ones anyway
Like Jeff and Doug poppull which nobody would say that they're ugly they might say that they're uh
naked
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18t line another lethargic crowd and I'm getting lethargic too because it is hotter
It's harder than a witches back down here. It's getting hotter by the minute nice job on the air conditioning Greg
You're really doing it baby get that baker back in here again with that big funnel to the sky that guy was really doing a job
Putting on a big act for us dog and pony show here the other day
Hey, look we're doing something. Do you believe me? No, no
It's hotter and hotter than hell it's hotter than 80s in here right now
What does that say anonymous hello?
Hello
They're anonymous all right here's for a lot of day. Hello
Neil yes, sir another example of the decline of western civilization
I'm sure you want to you probably already know this one already courtesy the NBA
Uh, they're all American guy David Robinson who they like to put out the forefront as squeaky clean
uh his education was paid by f taxpayers in excess of
$140,000 all right and his only obligation to us the American was to serve
Few years in the Navy as an admiral and of course he backed out of it no obligation back in with you know
Yeah, those naval guys they're always backing into something. Yeah, I know just so I mean Roger stole back
He did his time two other guys did their time. I want to know why he didn't do his time. Okay, all right
And how about the latrine stream well? He's gonna do his time pretty soon. I hope okay five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on the 80 we're gonna have to get one of those air conditioning things that the guy was talking about
Although then we had a call the other was last week one day and somebody said that those things suck and they don't really work in a blow
They blow as what he said
Because this is unacceptable. It's getting hotter by the second here
I think the thing is like a malfunction at the junction a real worried in case you get tempted to take your shirt off
No, that will not happen. Oh, thank god
I'm gonna go over here and look
77.9 degrees at 78 degrees in here and getting warmer by the minute
It's like an oven in here. Maybe if we stop breathing
It's like a goddamn oven in here and of course with all the Jews that work here makes you start thinking
You know get low paranoid you don't be talking about. Oh, it's like a freaking oven in here Greg
You've done boy get with it, okay
Oh, yeah, but we had to go out here yesterday see as soon as I see a guy running around with our chief engineer who's
You know, he's an okay guy, but he's stupid. He's worried about his guy damn auto racing and I'm worried enough about getting stuff working in here
With his thoughts taping the safety pins that they give you know discount to from the discount store
56705 60 pound five sixty on the 18 T line. Here's pop it. Oh, hello
Yeah, sir. That's great
Relicious story for you
I felt timeshare. I won't say who for but uh, and I was sitting at the table the other day with clients
And you know you talked a little bit at the beginning to kind of warm them up so
You know you met him so I said well, um, you know what kind of things you like to do at home. Oh, we got a church
I said oh, that's nice, you know
Um, and then the next thing they said we're born again Christian. Why didn't ask them?
But they told me of course. I said oh, well, that's nice
Then they said to me what are you?
I said what do you mean? What am I? I'm an American. Yeah. I'm a human being right god damn it
Um, I was I was born as a Jewish religion, but I really don't practice it. Oh
And then I said oh well listen we can set your whole life for straight. Oh my god
I'm trying to convert me right Jesus Christ. I said stop
I said I didn't come here to talk about religion. I came here to talk about times here. Yeah
I want to talk about religion go outside behind interesting
Unbelievable. Yeah, so they're crazy. They really are
At the end of the story in other words you don't want to take a bullet for Christ
For a good luck pal. Okay, but I guess then
Yeah, they're want to make you an offer you can't refuse man
That's what it's all about. Oh, we can turn your life around. We can save you. You can be like a Jim and Tanny Faye
5 6 and Pat Boone old and wrinkled and you know try to be a rock star
I'm I'm sure if there is the air is not on here. It's not operating out at all. It is not on
It is just it's 172 degrees. They got the oven stoked up even a steak that roots Chris don't get
I mean, I know they have high temperatures when they boil a steak even though steaks don't get cooked
His warm as we're getting baked in here and we still got two hours and five minutes to go
I bet you will 77.9. I bet you it's higher now watch
I
78 it's going up like a tenth of a degree every a couple of minutes
We're schmitzing over here. Okay, nice job there. The AC man would add duck thing you had would add stupid funnel
Why not call channel four and see if Dick funnel is still around remember dick funnel funnel
Maybe he knows where the funnel clouds are. Oh, this is bad. This is really bad
It this is much worse than it was the other day when we started with this business and it's only let me say it again the second of June
rhymes with
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. Yeah, Neil. How you doing?
Some more smoldering. I'm gonna send my air conditioning guy over there. Jesus Christ this place man
They're their assholes that people are run this place. I've never worked for such a bunch of idiots in my life
It's broken. It's not working. It's gonna be 85 there. I'm gonna send my man over there
Well, I'm not gonna sit here and sweat my brains out in a goddamn 85 degree room here try to do a radio show
I didn't end the top of it all off. I happen to be one of those people. They like it cool. Why work? I like it to
Chile it could be like I
Alert and awake. It should be about 68 degrees in there 70 would be perfect would be heaven. I'm not asking for six. Uh-huh another asshole
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's
No, you can't
I
Water
Join the
R.A. to start on today
Have yourself come down on Christmas fun
Your friends away will back you all
If any you're right you won't have time
When you think of all the benefits you're getting
Life will be sweeter when you catch your heater
Carry a light and to be deadly
Come on and join today
N.R.A
That's sharpen your skin
More
Come on inside
And you'll be proud to say your
Unfeather
1.2 and 5.50 whoever that AC guy that was here yesterday
Another one for you. Okay you jackass great job
You see I'm a sure there are a lot of people in the audience who you know a few weeks ago when I adopted that new when I got the
Board again guilty thing there. I've had a great conversation in the tea room with with guilty
And I adopted this whole new attitude like who gives the crap
And I turned my life around I got my own religion. I said I don't give a sh** me more
It's worked like magic, but I'm sure there are a lot of people have been wondering how long is this gonna last?
And most of the things I can overlook okay
Like the sales department don't give a crap about the accounts the management doesn't give a crap about anybody
Under the sun nobody cares about anything here
Okay, but let it comes to sitting in a goddamn sweat box
Which it's now last time it was 78.2. I bet you're right now. It's higher than that
78.4 and rising every every second
Meaning there is no air working in here
Meaning that we're gonna be shfitting by one o'clock. It's gonna be 85 degrees in here by two o'clock. It's gonna be 90
We're shfitting over here. Okay
Because we got a bunch of cheap skates operating this place who think they know something about radio like I said before
These are the luckiest efforts I have ever seen in my life
They got that power 96 cranking out that Hootsie Cootsie crap making millions of dollars
They got that kiss picking their nose over there making millions of dollars with no overhead paying
Except for bomb the case here. They're not paying the goddamn diamond anybody over there
And then this place just got through with the highest ratings in history of the radio station and they still won't spend a dime
Forget about promotion forget about support. How about just the room that like it works
What a concept okay? Oh, we're gonna build state of the art studio as you know
We can go 50,000 watts
We can do this and we can do the yeah
The only thing you can do is pedal bull that's what you do Greg your professional bull crap peddler and make no mistake about it
Whoo man, it's it's unbelievable. I have never in my life. I thought it was me, you know
It's not the heat. I so bad as the lack of oxygen because we're not getting any really there's no circulation in here
So not only is it getting smoldering hot, but it's like it's like sitting in a guy damn oven
stifling
suffocating
Unacceptable and excusable tool nice on the hall by the way well
I'm the goddamn Holland talk okay. I can we can get the spots on they don't give a crap about doing a show just get the freaking spots on
And maybe put some in the ball game even if the clients didn't buy the ball games stick them in there anyway. We don't care
Right, yeah, we don't care
Man
Here's Carl spring. Hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir
I'm sorry that you're going through all that difficulty with a heat, but there's one thing that I would do if I were you
Uh, I would light up the biggest melius cigar as excellent point excellent point. Give me your cigar right now now
The reason for my call I watch last my edge of my feet in the picture
Which I guess no one has called you on no no calls. I can't believe that well if there is
Anything that could be more despicable than the crime that OJ Simpson committed
There is such a crime and don't get me wrong. He deserves to go to the lecture chair. Oh, what he did
But supposedly what he did with a crime of passion
Now when you have a crime of passion well, yeah, you've caught up in the emotions of the moment
But when you have it delivered what I mean crime of passion is that why he had the uh the knife
The is ginseng knife with him and all the other good stuff. Well, it's a big bang. He will have all been out of shape
But he's crazy anyway, but when you have
It's a little bit sir. Let me ask you this yeah this business of with somebody crazy. You're not like Ted Bundy was Ted Bundy crazy
I've yes now you know as well as either that he was crazy, but nobody in this country
Sure, but nobody in americans society the way our justice system works nobody would have said let's spare Ted Bundy because he was crazy
Okay, no absolutely not try to some bitch
But there is someone that is far some concern more despicable than oj
And it is the jury of
12 in the criminal perk yeah, and how about the grave robbing attorneys who defended and played the race card and got him off
How about those guys? Yeah, because what they did was deliberate and they took their time and they knew what they were doing
Yeah, they have no excuse
I mean what they did and after watching that show last night the the fifth tour
Well, I didn't have to watch that but anyone in this right mind nothing realize that this time a bitch did it
I haven't had one call about it today until you sir nobody cares
I had a everybody in their brother yesterday tell me I should watch it. It's on HBO
I go home to make sure my HBO is fired up what she is
I watched the damn thing last night which side I think it was very good
But nevertheless there was and she's going on with the whole thing about it killed the effing
Slice your effing neck off and
Etc. Nobody cares it's nobody cares. Well, I care and you care and I think there's good people in the country that care
It's discussing what he did, but it's discussing what he did is the people that got him off are even more
Dispicable and more disgusting. Okay, and I hope your cigar is very good. I got it. I got it my poor
Okay, and have a great day. Okay. He's there up on the roof. He's directing. They're up on the roof
You know something. I hope they jump they're up on the roof. They should only jump
The system is shut down completely our system and why is that and whoever we share a system with why is that like a broken belt or
Some some crap like that. I you know something. I'll take a broken belt and slap their goddamn with it. Okay
A broken belt
Who is it that servicing this place? Okay, and God forbid please don't tell me it's our good friend zero on the clock
Which I could tell your story by the way about a letter. I got it home yesterday from a place that you a water place
That put in my previous unit and didn't I say how well that when the Collagen people tested it that it was very very good
And then I gave it to my good friend who just bought a house and the had it installed in this house
The one that I had before I get a letter from the person in this company which I thought was out of business
Give me a song of dance which I called him, but he never returned my call. I don't want to mention aqua Finn
Who heard you know by tenth hand like all these people here from listeners by five hundredth hand that I said
You know I got the crap out from under the sink the old crap the only crap I've ever talked about is the crap in the water
I never said that that other system was crap
What I did say was that they were bought out by somebody else and to the best of my knowledge they weren't around anymore
Isn't that exactly what I said? Yes
But this is the AC thing here. This is this I like I said I've worked in places before we all have where the AC is going out
And it's uncomfortable and it's you know annoying, but this is like
Being in a box
This is as close to being in a pine box in fact if you stick around another 20 or 30 minutes
I'll tell you what it's like to be dead
Without even being in the box yet. Let me to prop your door open. Oh God
Prop this
Nine minutes past noon at five sixty year schritting station for the 90s. Oh god
This is learning to tell with Donnell. I've been Donnell Jackson and today we're going to fail the word for European
fellow with me now European
EUROP
A.S. That's a big one now. Let's use it in a sentence
So I said to the guy I say hey get away from my car European on my time
This is learning to spell with Donnell. I've been Donnell Jackson
Tell my like free George whatever it is. I'll take it for free
It's 12 minutes past noon. We've got our our employee of the monthly program director
Pussy galore is just opened up the ador that's our air conditioning now. We've opened up George's door
We open up my door. Did it help at all? No at least he's running around here trying to do something
I don't see our general manager around here. Do you see him now? Haven't seen him in a dog's age
He only comes around when he's a really ill and spreading bad disease like a mono and stuff like that making everybody sick
So I kind of get sick when I see him too
So I've done my best to keep my gildey attitude and I don't give a crap attitude
I've done a great job of it until this moment put all of a sudden about it
It must have been about 40 minutes ago that the thing just
Compt out
Because it was okay, you know, I didn't notice one way or the other was reasonable. It was workable
And then all of a sudden it just must have just cracked out because now it just keep it's now 78.4
And rising every second every second that you're out there listening in fact an office pool will be in order at fun's time
Just go out there in a hallway wherever you are and take up an office pool
I'll see, you know, we'll we'll laser vibe number one and number two
How long will it be when it gets before it gets up to 80? I bet you had cappons got the odds on that uh-huh
Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Neil? Shristen. Um, yes. I feel you
Um, just a couple things on that OJ Beatles parody played about a half hour ago. Yeah. I don't know whether you heard it or not
And maybe I'm just imagining it. Yeah, bleep was a little bit way. No, you always do was a little lame
But yeah, we'll get that there but there was one in there. Yeah, it's not enough. You could hear a
That bleepin thing. Yeah, you try. Yeah, um another thing. I just want to agree on it
Start speaking just in half words. We want to give the whole word out, you know, yeah
Well, I like to always say most of the time mothers only have a word especially in Detroit, right?
Um, I just want to agree with like everything you say about obesity and the healthcare system
Everybody's from busy trying to be politically correct. Oh, it's a glandular problem or this is
Full crap, it did say it's a fat problem. It's an American problem
We're so glad the infected were choking on it. We're dying on it and the doctors in the hospitals. They love it
I mean, they just don't want to tell you know people to get off their ass and exercise right
You know do something about it exactly. I mean, you know, I myself included I go you know
I treated like a chronic disease like asthma
No, it is a chronic disease
You're not treating it like it is a chronic disease
And that's where the doctors in this country have fallen flat on their big fat asses
Because they know nothing about it and the only thing they know to do is to give their patients speed
And if it isn't fend-fend it's more ready or one of these other goddamn things that are they're gonna kill them
And and the rationale is well, you know, if they didn't die from heart disease or stroke
Uh, they might as well take the risk because if they can lose the weight we can save their lives
That's a pile of bull crap
Yes
Because when you already got stressed on your heart and you start taking fend-fend and all these other goddamn
Andphetamines and this crap that they're putting people on it's a killer. They're butchering people
Yeah, they don't I guess people you know, they take these who have they don't want to admit that you can't really live
A normal life you can't eat anything
Right that's right
You're clinically obese you have to be careful just as if you're asthmatic you don't smoke you know whatever the case may be right
All right, Neil
Good luck to pal. Yeah good luck for us. Okay hang in there
I got me a nice stokie I don't have it litter course because that would get them really in a frenzy around here
And I don't want to lie and that's not a good idea anyway because it'll make it only warmer in here
What do I want to do that for see this guy thinks that I'm gonna do this out of spite
I'm gonna show them. I'm gonna light up a cigar good idea though
But I'm not because it's only gonna be spiting myself cuz it'll make it a lot hotter in here
And harder to breathe and the best news of it is we got the chief engineer up on the roof
We don't we don't have the air conditioning guy in the room. We called him but we got the chief up there
So that means that it's a lost cause
Not that he's not gonna do his best up there, you know
He's pretty resourceful
Yeah, considering what they're giving the work with which is nothing absolutely positively nothing
But nevertheless
Five say by the way hangs in New York. I bet he's nice and cool up there today
We do this show from New York and we got the Donald Brennan from six o'clock to six thirty
With the of baseball a pregame. Whatever the hell we call that the Donald Brennan show
Six thirty we got the Cardinals and the Amarlin pregame in the game at seven o'clock tonight any interest
No, all of that Marlin thing in a big Mac and no no no ability cares
five six seven o five sixty pond five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's Kendall hello, hey Neil how are you today? I think I know the answer to that already
And it's kind of scary when you're well. I'm okay. I'm just a hot. Yeah, I'm gonna be a hot
Well in your blood pressure probably goes up with the heat yeah, good point and another thing
Blood sugar too, I think it's kind of scary. Well, it's kind of scary when you have your chief engineer on the roof working on your air conditioner
It's bad enough that they have a hard enough time working on other things
Right, it's probably gonna be that we can't keep the hang show on the air for more than five minutes at a time
Well luckily, I don't listen to the hang show. There's a company here in Miami
Stupid yeah, that we use when our air condition goes out in our building
It's called spot coolers of Miami right blue square things. Oh, I would kill for them right now. Yeah, I need a spot cooling
Yeah, of my fat old body. Yeah. Yeah, so maybe you can order one and just say it was in your contract that they
Yeah, they have to keep it. It's like
I got my contract that they're supposed to provide a workable environments. You're in there not doing it
This is that this is a toilet. That's right. Don't let them get the best you knew. Okay
That's right. I'm taking back. I'm rescinding my don't give a crap out of two. I'm suspending it for at least today anyway
That's right. They're on suspension
Because this is I feel like a little blow in here somewhere, you know
From the outside. Is that what it is? Oh, I don't know maybe they got something go. No, I feel like maybe there's something happening here
I feel like a little
Blowjob somewhere in the you know what I'm saying? Yeah, that that yeah, do you feel anything blowing
They like I said it's wishful thinking on my parts imagination
And don't let me look at that abacrombie and fitch catalog. Give me all of us. What it up?
Especially Jeff Papa, which in his brother Doug
You know the one at place for the U of M hurricane that runs around naked in these modeling magazines Jeff Papa, which good guy by the way
Looks good to me
560 705 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Lake Worth. Hello
Lake Worth
Okay, nice talking to you too. See this isn't a soft food a crown for you
I'm sitting here sweating my brains out trying desperately to make my way through the last hour and 40 to three minutes
Not that I'm counting and these people like oh well we hung out for 12 minutes and 25 seconds
We're not going to talk to that son of a bitch
That's what in his brains out
Don't ever expect anything from this crowd because here's what you'll get
happen unless of course you want to set out a bunch of free catalogs
Oh, can we have the abacrombie and fitch catalog free? Well, I might oh okay. Well, we like you a lot now
Yeah, you ought to see that that would get the phones going if I said oh we just discovered they're gonna send us 20 catalogs for free
First 20 people at call will send them out, but don't do it because we don't have them
In addition to which if we did have 20 of those catalogs, I guarantee they'd never make it out of this building
Guaranteed not that Joe would take one
Here's a mobile and West Palm hello. Hey, hey
What is it sir?
It's just me and you yeah, how you doing okay?
All those fat people just show up TV then and get up okay. Thank you. Here's a lady in number North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man
Talking about fat people just came back from Orlando
This weekend, are they fat? Oh, let me tell you something we want to order for you Orlando folks
No, no everybody that comes to Orlando from all over the country
You could see who were the tourists and who were the Americans by just looking at them. Yeah, and the worst part is the children
I mean now you know something. I'm glad you brought that up. What kind of parents let their kids get really fat
I mean, I was never fat until I moved away from home when I was about 19 years old
I was living in Boston and I started eating like a pig and sleeping till noon every day
And I made myself fat
But parents that had their kids living at home and little kids that are letting them just eat like pigs
And you notice that fat parents always have fat kids
I totally name the name of the kids. There were children there. They were probably
150 to 160 pounds
When does little tiny speed of eight? Oh my god
In the parents working right along with us. I mean it was the most disgusting thing
I've ever seen
Any of the parks any of the you go there. We've got a nice loud fan
We got a ceiling fangirl our floor fan here. It makes a lot of noise, but it blows and I mean it's just disgusting
I don't know
They have to go and do that. Oh, I love it. Keep that thing going
So and that's it just from the channel. Thanks for the good news. They're fat in Orlando. Thanks. We'd art anybody else you and any fat people lately
Fine. Oh, that's good. Keep that thing going. I'm getting a great blow job from this fan that I don't want to say we put it on the floor
Our employer the month. Oh, it's going to the orbit. All right
No, baby. No, let it go. I don't care about the noise. Oh, what a much higher. Whoo
I haven't had a blow job like this since Vegas
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
We got a fan in here. It's blowing all over the goddamn place, but it sure beats the opportunity of Maddie Bell and John Jared
Oh, thank you guys so much. Okay
man
Unbelievable is joint
And it's a guy ain't that bad either. Here's the mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Uh, it's just one of the touch base on which you're talking about this weight issue
And uh, that one car kind of hit it on the head
I mean it goes down to money like you said and the only way for people to really lose weight the right way
dies don't work. Everyone knows about that. There's nothing but a money making scheme for all these
pills that you take and get your old juice stuff like speed
And you know something the government and the local television stations all over this country
Obviously don't care about this because they're running more quack infomercials for more quackery every Sunday morning
I just can't get over it and nobody does what's the finger about it? It's true
And the only the only way to really lose weight is the adjuster eating habits you're eating lifestyle
And you know, I mean you use you it's a shame, but people have to hear it. You got to watch
And keep your company. I mean watch what you eat. I always watch it. I look at it before I put it in my mouth
I actually let me clarify about that actually watch what you put in your mouth
Um, food
Okay, I got a stogie in there right now. It's not lit up or I have a nice
Seriously watch you put in I guess
Into your stomach, but seriously if you know, actually everything in moderation just like people drink alcohol
I mean I'm a social drinker on a couple of years a week, but you know why I don't go to you have any idea how tight that is
I mean, I'm assuming you're not overweight. No, no, no, see so it's very easy for you to like
It's almost kind of a kind it is a condus anything say just watch what you eat and be careful and then that's just
Right, it doesn't mean anything. I really it doesn't mean anything
I know people who can eat five times the amount that I eat and they'll never gain an ounce
And if I like look at something that's fattening I
I inhale the fumes and I go home and I weigh you two pounds more the next day on the scale
I understand we say hope we have the bad metabolism and the bad the fat genes that we inherited from our fat parents
Then we have to like we have to starve ourselves. That's what it boils down
Basically, it's a combination of what you eat and what you do, okay? Yeah
And if you can kind of cut back on the side a little bit and give yourself maybe one day a week to go and eat some cake or whatever
I think whatever you do
I'm sick listen, you know, it's moderation and if you have people lazy people who are calc potatoes can get off their ass
Yeah, for your four times a week definitely a term over a half hour
You'll stay and say to listen this is coming from a guy who I played sports and I was going to fight
Why not overweight? No, but I did gain weight. That's my point when I blew my knee out wrestling
I did gain some weight
You were a wrestler. Yeah
Yeah, okay, you know, whatever
I didn't say a word. I just said you were a wrestler. You said yeah
Yeah, whatever but seriously bottom line is it's just everything in moderation and I know that you know
Maybe I don't gain weight as quick as some other people out there
But you know what I do watch what I eat and I'm not saying I'm going to eat gymsomatic or any kind of muscle head
But you know what I do go to the gym a few times a week. You know why because I feel better and you don't shower to gym
Oh
I go home and shower my girlfriend. Good excellent. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Watch what you put your mouth
Okay, one call left in the board. Okay. This this town should only rot. Okay. A gigantic storm
In fact, I thought we were having it when I were coming to work this morning
I thought that was going to be the definitive one. I would blow this place off the mat
One call left in the board here. I finally got a little bit of air in here
I'm fixing I'm on my last leg and this audience goes into a fricking coma
Thank you very much as usual
Two thousand years later. Thank you so much for coming to my rescue when I need to do the most if I were drowning in the middle of a god damn
Atlantic right now this audience I these are the people I'd be looking to throw me to god damn life rap, you know throw me to hook
5670560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Is there anybody alive out there today? No anybody
anything moving
Here's a mobile informer lottery. Hello
Neil, yes, sir. Can't hear this guy George. Okay. Neil. Neil. I have a song for you Neil. Yeah, lighten up your day. Yeah
me
me
Oh good one great
W to q. I.M
Can't hear you sir. Can't hear a word you're saying. Okay. Hello. Yes
Um, if you want to lose some weight, I would suggest more water intake
Meaning what?
I'm trying to drink more water. Sure. There's no way I could drink it unless I put a hose in my mouth
There's no way I could drink more water. Have a you said you have a high sugar problem or you're I'm diabetic. Yeah
Okay, I'm a vegetarian. Well, I'll bring the oil. Oh, I'm not I'm not pushing it. I'm not putting it all right
Not interested. Okay, if you can know with drinking water
One more cup of water before you eat sir. Are you listening to what I'm telling you?
I have my sole body water right now
I drink more water than 90% of the people on the face of the earth. I drink enormous amounts of good quality water
And it's great and I dead water drinking water is not my problem. Oh god bless you
Killed a few seconds there five six seven oh well. How do we get on this again all of a sudden?
We're talking about important crap there and all I mentioned in passing was the one guy to give me the hospital story
And right away we got off into this fat thing again. Okay. It's the American effing way. We're fat
People are gonna make a lot of money off us and so we got to be fat
We got to keep eating all this crap and being fat and getting sick and making money for the doctors
It's a vicious cycle being fat staying fat being dead
That's the American effing way and anybody in the government here
It tells you that the government cares about our health is full of crap
So all is belonging about cigarettes and everything else just a bunch of propaganda just a bunch of pandeurs
26 past no and here's a president by the way who we to McDonald's and he's telling us about our health
Yeah, what was that? Sorry
We're sorry, but we don't care about it
That's the place for me. I got my brand new magazine. I'm ready to die
Eight boys and Jello with the rest of the guy
It's we're going to a patient that can't be seen our schools will be taken by a particle being
And
You know I think it's a second me is to help out
It's a fact from billets says that if I you where I go to school
There are a whole group of God squad students who can't mind their own business
They all follow the same pattern they walk up to you after class acting very friendly get into a conversation
You might think this is just a person who wants to be friendly
But then the hard cell starts they ask you to come to church with them
And let Jesus into your heart
You know or maybe want to take the board for Jesus
I was asked them a question you brought up once couldn't God come up with a better way for us to defecate
They act as if I'm joking, but I'm serious
So they tell me crap about original sin and Adam and Eve etc etc and so on my response
Sorry my religion is called reason and you have zero and next time mind your own business
And if Jesus was in my heart, how could it pump blood excellent job bill and FIU
Well, we got to fan blowing over here on the floor
So better than nothing not great better than nothing
In fact, that should be our slogan here at QAN not great, but better than nothing there you go
One our next billboard campaign when you see those TV spots on your
QAN
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line not that I'm bitter about Wayne high pingo John Henry and the fact that
Those of us who work our asses off to make this place tick and bring all this money in here have to have our lives
Mortgage to God damn Wayne high pingo and John Henry with our stupid ball games not that I'm bitter about that you understand you understand yeah
Because maybe if we didn't have to spend all that money for that maybe then again
What am I talking about because even if they were making millions of dollars profit here
They still wouldn't spend a diamond a this would they know because it's just not their effing way the beastly they're a bunch of cheap bastards
Just look at the way they dress here's Hollywood hello. I will knew. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Speak up sir. I'm gonna this fan is so a lot. I can barely hear anything. Oh it's hot in there. It's boiling. Wow
Anyways, you read the new times
About what there was some article on about their about the fags you on yeah about it. Yeah, and
Well, I think they've kind of I didn't know about them like that. I didn't know they were that perverse
Read them then then in other words a handful of people that are busy risking everybody else's lives then
But you hear about the craze taking a fifth line. I never knew you guys could do that you guys
Let me ask you something sir. Are you into anal sex? Do you like your woman to get out at all? I don't even approach it good
Excellent god bless you thank god for you
I'm into her whole but no okay her whole that's what the wh of course you say
Her whole but not that other part good job pal
Good because we found out that most of our supposedly straight people are out there are big on to yeah
ass
5 6 7 0 5 just like all these straight people going to these swing clubs, you know, I don't want to mention any names
But I don't know I kind of we were discussing this at the house last night about straight people I go to swing clubs watching other guys having sex
Yeah, exactly
You know, I'm saying Tracy. Oh, well. He wasn't watching the guys. No, and I'm sure
So anyway, yes, just got off the phone with a abracrombie and Finch and they sure are happy to hear from us
Meaning what they've been getting lots of calls
How come they can get so many calls and I can't that's what I would like to know you people out there make me sick
Am I stunning you're a bunch of pussy you don't have the balls to speak to me
But abracrombie and fixing to see a bunch of hot naked people and I don't blame you and we'll be getting our free catalogs out very shortly
What we're like plural how many of they sending oh, I don't know like a so another reaction
So another way actually we had some people that spent the bucks and ordered them uh apparently and believe me you won't be disappointed
Okay, I guarantee you that I wouldn't be surprised at the whole university of Miami. See that's what a stiff town
This is I've told you this many many times before
This isn't any goddamn college town. All you idiots out there when you're you of them this and you have been that it's a phantom
I okay
We get more fiu and Miami-Dade people and we get you we never have anybody from you of them
No, we're not good enough for them. Much of blue noses over there. Much of spoil little rich kids little brats that mommy and daddy are spending
All kinds of money to send them to suntan you for pretending going to basket-leaving class
Because if we really had any audience over there at you of them when as soon as I mentioned Jeff
Papa which and being here in Evercrabby and Fitch with his uh identical twin brother and the two of them happened to be hotter and held by the way
That phone would have been ringing off the hook on that. Oh, yeah, we know Jeff
We've seen them naked or whatever they would be saying, you know
And if you haven't seen them they could just get the catalog
May not be completely naked, but it's pretty goddamn close
Including his rectum. Yeah nice going Jeff
It takes a guy with see I respect a guy like that. That's got enough sense of security about himself
He'll go ahead and do a thing like that even though he's a football player. He doesn't give a craft
How guaranteed he's getting paid he's probably making more money for a doing this than he is you of them football
George
5 6 7 0 5 60 well, he's a white guy, you know
I
Here's the Evan Tura. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing great? Let me ask you something nail down to 102 in here now
Getting real comfortable now. Do you ever exercise? No
So once you get off your fat ass and exercise, stop bitching about it. Oh, okay. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks for your very
For your very understanding called you jackass. You probably a fat slide yourself go look at the mirror your own fat ass
Okay, but that little torpedoy voice yours. You sound like a real geek
5 6 7 0 5 60 pun in addition to which I'm not complaining about it myself
I'm talking about America. How about all these other millions of people that are fat or an a cow, okay?
And of course you have no rock. I'm gonna assume you don't even know what the god damn word means you silly person you
No, don't stand in the doorway there and pretend that you're interested in what's going on in here
Who's that one axe mortar with salt and not that other sales hole way we haven't seen since today he came in the building
Oh, that's right. They sell the sports shows. I'm sorry. I forgot they sell the important stuff anybody want to buy some marlin no no
We'll pay you you want some spots. No, no
Yeah, talk stand out there outside the door talk a little louder now that we got the door open, okay? Get them out of there Sam you dumb
Venezuela
Yeah, we don't see these people the whole thing we moved up here in March March April this is the four months we've been up here now
We don't see these people at all another than they set up a standing post out there or a farting post
Upside our door because the door is open
How do you like that?
Talk about your a bunch of assholes. Yes a little hot in here, okay you asshole. That's why the door is open
Go give them the kiss to Ryan O.J. L and you got some time
Here's a mobile in Evan Ture. Hello. Oh, now. Yes, sir. I am
Arden listener and it's really a first-time quote, but I have rocked one this way because
I'm a man who's born to a Jewish background and always that's my mouth to what?
Food stuff to my mouth constantly. You know, it's one of those grandma mother things. Oh, yeah
That's how my grandmother always says S S S and then oh you're getting so fat
You know with what with one hand they're pushing it to you and the other hand they're pushing it away
That's the Jewish fn way right and for all these condensing
The skin
Who's never been overweight? Right. Don't know what it is to have the problem has physical problems
I've just gone through a
gastric bypass operation
And this is the hard way yeah, but to all these people and then I've got the impression it was a schmuck to begin with
To eat it good tunnels and
With that society. I think it's about time and thank God just for people like you that've done
So stuff when you okay? Well your phone is done. I think God is playing an evil trick on both of us
But the good luck you sir good luck with your bypass. What do you say? I gasp?
gasp
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it. This is this is a joke today. I mean this is not a radio show. This is a joke
I got this fan in here that then believe me. I don't I don't care if it makes enough noise
It sounds like the world's coming to it. It's not going in the off position
Well, I can't even hear the guy then call which is fine. I don't care. I mean what do they have to say anyway when you come right down with
22 the and then we got the salespeople wanted to ride in a hall standing outside the doorway here reading the newspaper
What what is that all about? What what is that all about?
They're having a goddamn convention
I guess they missed the days when we were back down around the second floor
And they could all get in the leek colors room next door and have a party and play grab ass and make as much noise as they could through the paper
Then the paper is walls down there or is it papyrus?
I love that
I love that
I love that
No matter how hard I try
Can't get her to date a guy that she's how we do
She won't touch up in there
oh
It's
The
Is
I can't believe she's the last of the end.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe she hurt something I don't know.
Okay, 1243 or 560 WQ.
I might tell her what Sam told me yesterday.
Now, see, like I said, if it was interesting,
I would tease him with that I was going to repeat him over.
So, disappointing and so boring.
You know, if you're going to promise to tell somebody something
that's like a secret, that's like a real, you know, make it good.
Make it up.
But not something that boring, Sam.
Come on, you can do better than that.
Here's a four-letter deal.
Hello.
Okay, all right, that's right.
We have seen the bumpers there because maybe he can't do better than that.
What was that?
Did you just hear that?
Oh, I thought we were getting the call.
It was Sam getting the call on his cell phone.
In the doorway.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hey, I have something to do with today.
Okay.
So, I switched on the worst theme money money really early, about 30 seconds.
Yeah.
Was that a tape show there planned?
Yeah, they had a tape and we had a tape.
It was a holiday.
It's kind of strange for a sports show though to be on tape.
You think you can get somebody in there to do a live show in the morning?
No.
Listen, when they got to bring in Bill Zimper from Philadelphia on a phone line when Hank is out,
I mean, what does that tell you?
We just don't have any bodies, man.
We don't have anybody.
It's very good to have the Emerald Restaurant in the NGM.
No.
No.
Very good.
I never even heard of it.
Where's the Emerald Restaurant?
I never heard of it.
It's all the shops.
It's called Emerald Big City Fish or something like that.
Oh, and I'm talking about Emerald Seafood, like Emerald Agassi.
Yeah.
I thought he said Emerald.
No, his restaurant.
I saw it.
I'm not a big and efficient anyway and I'm even less into Emerald.
You know, there's the man.
I just want to punch him in a mouth every time I see him on TV.
He's not a chef.
He's an entertainer now.
You know, he's a got to stick.
I'm not sure if he's got to stick.
He's got to cross out outstanding though.
Is it?
I think I'm very good.
And the Palm Beach Post today, though, speaking of food, there's a good article about the
Low Carb Diet now.
It's on the accent page.
I thought you had the Palm Beach Post there.
No.
But if anybody can Spanish it, I don't have any more.
It's a good article.
Talk about most doctors.
Most doctors aren't leaning toward a low carb diet.
How do you like that?
After all the lives about Low Fat and they're finally catching out of low carbs because they're
like in Antonio.
Everything that you have potatoes and rice and pasta, it all turns to sugar.
That's exactly what they talk about.
They talk about some good carbs.
It's a good article.
It's a good article.
We tried to talk about doctors going away from our diet.
Okay.
I'm sure somebody will fix it.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
If anybody in Palm Beach wants to fix it, our fact number is 305-650-0190.
What is it?
305-650-0190.
That's what I said.
5667-0568-0505-560.
I know it's over here somewhere, but it's behind the schedule.
I don't want to mess up the schedule.
Christ almighty, that's what he got the employee of the month award for.
We don't want to mess that up.
Every morning of my life, he comes in here and wants to make sure that schedule is right.
So that we feel like he's doing something.
Wouldn't that nice?
Everybody stop it and say, hey, I don't know.
Did he stop it any time?
See, there you go again.
Luring, luring and luching.
We got a double standard in this building.
I want everybody to know about it right now.
We got a double standard.
All the heterosexuals that want to learn about all the attractive young women that we have several of them in this building, by the way.
That's okay.
But if that fat fag gets on a year in midday and leers over one person, which is the only person I ever leared over in this place,
although I did say, it's old and it's a good one guy, which kind of goofy.
But he's a good looking guy.
I wasn't luring.
He has a wife, you know.
But, you know, and right away, oh my god, you know, we have to have a big conversation with a program director.
I know what that was all about.
He's not fooling me.
Yeah.
Took him in his office.
Yeah.
In the office.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing now?
Great.
I just came back from Ohio.
It was my butt off.
I did watch the HBO thing last night.
Didn't it seem a little self aggrandizing that woman?
The whole thing was so fake.
I mean, I'm not fake in terms of the fact part of it, but just the whole way it was staged was so poorly done.
I mean, just melodramatic and all the long pauses and dying.
I mean, what was that?
She produced it and directed it.
Oh, did she?
Yes.
And the other thing was.
No.
I think I missed everybody making us think it was a juror from the criminal trial.
Right.
Because it was about five minutes into it and I finally am thinking, hey, this is the juror from the civil trial.
And what was that?
Not from the criminal trial?
I watched it.
I watched it.
I listened to Bob and Tom the whole time.
I was up in Ohio for a week.
It's sterical.
And I didn't realize how much stuff you got from them.
They were really funny.
Sure.
But the only thing that surprised me, they got a girl on there.
I don't know her name.
But she said asshole and they dumped her and they said, oh, you can't say that.
I was really surprised.
Yeah.
Why would they dump her just for that word?
Because they can't say it.
I don't know.
Maybe some asshole tells them they can't say it.
And how do you get material from them?
Do people send it to you or could they fly up there again?
Well, they have a couple of best of CDP.
Oh, they do it every year.
And then there was a couple of bits that were said to me.
In fact, they originally sent one to our program director at IOD years ago.
I figured it was one of them.
And then we started playing a few more of them.
They got all bent out of shape.
And then once they came on in Palm Beach and I told everybody how great they were.
Now they don't care anymore.
Well, they had a large shot and Julia Roberts picked up a sterical.
If you can get a hold of it, play it.
Okay.
Later.
See you.
Yeah, Bob and Tom are great.
There's a real morning show, by the way.
For that Jackass they called it a little punk.
That was called about Ron and Paul.
I mean, give me a break.
Will you?
Talk about make-believe radio.
Talk about ripped-off radio.
At least if I play you a Bob and Tom thing from somebody else, I'll tell you.
Because I'll tell you one thing.
It's Paul Castronova in his life.
Would I ever play anything that he did?
The story that rock Palm Beach in the world.
Just twice.
What was the other one?
Or the other one with the Sammy Smith and Cumbler?
And that was weak.
This one was good.
This was great.
I'll give you credit Paul.
This one was great.
You know, one in 20 years.
That's not bad.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
So what's happening up on the roof, by the way?
We got the drifters.
Let's play it up on the roof.
Actually, the best version of that was on Columbia Records by the Crian Shames up on the roof.
Anybody remember that?
No.
No.
But being the oldest expert that I am.
The Crian Shames on Columbia Records up on the roof.
God was that a great.
Unbelievable saw.
Of course, George Wimbledon elected it was too good.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, I was calling about your health issues.
And you were talking about carbohydrates.
Correct.
I feel that the lack of health in our country is because the lack of knowledge of people having towards food.
And where should they be getting that knowledge from, sir?
From books.
And from their doctors.
Shouldn't they, shouldn't their doctors be informing them since it has to do with our health?
Well, doctors aren't schools.
Only schools in first.
They are.
Most people don't know the difference.
Doctors are only schooled in treating disease.
Correct.
Not preventing disease.
Treating disease and making money and exploiting our illness.
I understand that absolutely.
The point I wanted to make is most people don't understand a simple carb, some a complex carb.
A complex carb needs insulin to be burned.
A simple carb does not.
Yeah.
So simple carbs are foods from nature, all foods in vegetables.
So if you put your diet.
That's not true.
Fruit fruits are loaded with fruit sugar.
That is not true at all.
But your body runs on sugar, Neil.
Your muscles run on sugar.
A carbohydrates turned into a sugar for your body to be used.
Sir, do you have any idea what a diabetic does, what he eats, a piece of fruit?
It sends his sugar up.
It's like injecting sugar right into your bloodstream.
Your blood sugar goes skyrocketing.
There are fewer things that you can eat that will send your blood sugar skyrocketing faster than like a nice banana.
Correct.
You're absolutely correct.
You save the work on your other carb when it needs insulin bananas.
I'll give you an old bananas.
It turns it into a sugar.
And that complex carb becomes fat if it's not burned.
Now a straight sugar from nature is from fruit toast, which is the only natural form.
Your first is just as fattening as any other kind of sugar.
You're absolutely wrong.
You're another one of these guys peddling molasses and honey.
Get the honey junior you're wrong.
Okay.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Technically, identity.
Sugar is sugar.
Okay.
Another nutcase gets on a radio.
Just like a guy that called before giving me a song of dance just because I got a microphone on the radio show.
Well, guess what, Paola works both ways.
They pay me to open up my mouth and utter a bunch of crap.
These people out here with their telephone, these anonymous experts.
Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa.
You know the old expression talkers chief?
Well, there's live improvement there right there.
A man that, and why he was on that long, only because I'm sitting here, switching my brains out.
Or he would have been gone after like the first 30 seconds.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Okay, and I was talking to you too.
Here's for probably the chief.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, deal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man, you know, I just got a serious question for you.
How come you're such a whiny little bitch?
Uh-huh.
How come you're listening to the show, Paola?
You must like whiny little bitches, huh?
Or maybe you can relate to it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, deal.
Yes, sir.
I was talking about that bullet for Christ thing earlier.
Uh-huh.
I was just curious, like, what would you do?
Like, if somebody put a gun to you and said, you know, do you believe in God or do you believe in Jesus?
Like, what would you do?
Meaning what?
I would tell him the truth.
No, I don't.
What does it have to do with the, uh, pulling a bullet to your head?
No, I mean, I was just curious, like, what would you do?
Would you like, I mean, would you like, uh, you know, like, say anything like to avoid getting shot or...
Meaning, what does that mean?
Would you say anything to get a voice?
How does she know what the state of a voice getting shot?
How does she know what the answer was?
He was looking for it.
Would she have mind reader?
Would she have psychic?
What is that?
You're dealing with a crazy person.
I don't know.
I mean, it leads to not a pretending psychic, you know?
Yeah, okay, great.
Thanks.
Thanks for the good news.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile line.
Boy, they're all out there today.
Thanks for listening to 560 QAM, by the way.
And maybe Mr. Froottoes wants to stop calling back.
Oh, he's calling back and bugging you because they didn't want to listen anymore of his misinterpretation
to tell me his point that I've been calling it to you.
No, no, no, no, no.
George isn't interested, okay?
Because he knows your full of crap just like I know it and the whole audience knows it.
We're not interested, okay?
Go eat some Froottoes.
Go shove it up your...
Correct him.
Get out of our face with your misinformation.
That's our name for this guy.
Misinformation.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You're a jackass.
56670560, pound-fine.
And even if you weren't a jackass, you're still boring as dog crap.
Okay, get off my show and stop bugging George.
Here's a telehancey.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Looking at your show online because I'm up in school floor stage.
I just want to say I love your show.
And also, I'm a favor.
You think you could play an old one for me?
I'll work on it.
It's still women's golf for me.
LPGA.
Yeah, can you play that?
You got a pound.
Thanks a lot.
And tell that Froottoes douchebag stop bugging.
Tell him to stick it in his back.
Correct him.
That's right.
See you.
Hang in there.
Okay, there's a young man from Calla Hancey from F.S. and Neil, baby.
See, when we get calls like I've always told you from Out of Town,
although we didn't have a high Jason, how you doing?
Get out of here.
Although we had the exception yesterday.
Remember the guy from Laguna Beach, California?
He was an asshole.
So every now and then we get a real clunker from Out of Town.
But generally speaking, when they take the time in the money to call on their dime from Out of Town,
they might have a little bit of something to say, or at least an IQ bigger than their thumbnail.
But when they're from Dayton, Broward, and Palm Beach, and like the environment's down here,
oh, baby.
I mean, you talk about Russian roulette.
And they're listening to the show, but they got air-by-costic thing on this.
I'm Satan.
I'm evil.
I'm faggot.
Yeah, and what's the point?
You enjoying the show?
So quit, bitching.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, bring back little Tommy Dunnberg.
He's me.
Here's a mobile in Lauderdale Lake.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going today?
Okay.
Listen, I really, really respect your knowledge as a hockey person.
You're very knowledgeable, okay?
And I know you can't stand Dennis Popvin as a person.
But what did you think of him as a player?
He was a great player.
I mean, what difference does it make when I think he's a hollow flamer?
Okay, I just want to know.
He's one of the greatest defensemen ever to play, but he's an asshole.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
And he's a dullard.
Okay, but I just want to know what you're opinion about as a hockey player.
It's like asking me, what's my opinion of Mario Lemieux?
I mean, what is the bait?
He was a great player.
I'll say it for the third time and have it ice day.
And give Dennis a big kiss for us.
5,6,7,0,5,60, pound 5,60 on the mobile one line.
Like it takes an expert to know the answer to that question.
And guess what?
Is Ford Dennis is concerned?
He's an asshole.
Still.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I got an interesting knocky Miami story for you.
I'm a mobile vendor, I saw things out of my van, legal business.
I don't have any markings on the side of my van.
Yeah, you already called and told us the same story like a few days ago, okay?
Remember that guy?
The same story with the same van and no markings on the side of his car.
Now we got people calling and telling us the same stories again.
Nice call, insert.
Just don't do it again like I told you the first time.
Save everybody the time and eat at boredom.
Just don't do it again.
Just go market.
Just go market market.
Well, that movie was on by the way last night.
I forgot to tape it right after that boring HBO thing.
It was on HBO.
Logi nights.
Good news.
Which I never saw.
I said, well, it'll be on again.
Good news.
Now that I discovered that I do have HBO.
Not a great movie.
But just good.
But big.
Three minutes before one at five, 60 WQM.
I'm going to come.
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hour.
Yo.
I'm an anchor.
You're an anchor.
He's an anchor.
We are all anchor.
Oh.
I'm an anchor.
You're an anchor.
He's an anchor.
We are all anchor.
We are all anchor.
We are all anchor.
I want to say it too so they can sound real cool.
I'm an anchor.
You're an anchor.
He's an anchor.
We are all anchor.
We are all anchor.
Now the big.
It's half the fine.
Another word to you.
It used to be real bad.
But now it seems okay.
When African Americans address themselves that way.
I'm an anchor.
You're an anchor.
He's an anchor.
We are all anchor.
We are all anchor.
No longer the vernacular.
More racial abuse.
It used to be taboo.
A nasty thing to say.
But now it's bad.
Eat all of them.
I'm my black folks everyday.
Yo.
I'm a figure.
He's an anchor.
He's an anchor.
We are all anchor.
I'm an anchor.
He's an anchor.
We are all anchor.
Sing that one.
Sing that one.
I want to say it too.
It really doesn't matter.
I'm a figure.
Everyone is now.
Oh.
Yo.
Yo.
Yo.
Check it out.
I'll be grand master's foot.
I'll be pushing my things.
Lay him with my racket.
I'll be pushing it.
I got a rhythm.
It's all dancing.
It puts a lotion in the back.
How do I put the basket in the ocean?
You see that, the JFK casket?
Which makes a lot of sense.
But hey, that's a long, long time ago.
And are we ever going to know the truth about that?
So, what's the point?
It's two minutes after one at 5.60 WQAM.
See, couldn't we all be like, have a lot of faith?
And could we be all good people and judging each other
and calling each other names and all this other stuff?
Like all of the good religious folks?
Oh yeah, well you don't believe the same thing.
Therefore you're bad.
You're inferior and you're going to burn in hell.
And let's see, let's pick on,
the Protestants pick it on the Catholics
because they're too long up in the Virgin Mary.
And the Jews, of course, they don't believe in Jesus.
And on and on it goes.
It's all a bunch of crap.
And it's all equals hate.
Religion equals hate.
Heard it and girl.
Parachic.
Exactly, there you go.
Yes, good person.
5.6705.60.5060 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's probably why it's hotter than Haiti's near today.
This is just a warm-up, so to speak, Neil.
Unless you get the message, okay?
Here's North Bay Village.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have Ross Moniz on you, Neil,
because I totally understand where you're coming from.
Here with my grandma right now.
Let's ask.
Let's ask.
Let's press.
Let's press.
Yes, and that's an ask.
Yeah.
But I'm in really...
And then every, every, every, a fifth week,
she'll tell you how fat you're getting.
No, no, no, but I'm in really good shape.
But I used to be chubby.
I don't want to get chubby.
And she doesn't understand fight.
Now I've learned to actually go into a restaurant
and I could just sit there and watch her eat.
Yeah, overeating is a very common form of Jewish neurosis.
Oh, she, she, I know.
Right, grandma?
That's an...
Oh!
And Neil, the other, but that's not what I call it.
I, the other day, because you're always talking about fish food
and all this and that.
I went into basking robins.
Yeah, I, grandma, are you listening?
They don't take any bulls**t on them.
Okay.
And grandma, you know what Neil says?
Don't take any bulls**t from them.
There you go.
On Gaveo.
Yeah, I went into basking robins.
And they have this stuff called gold metal ribbons.
So I start talking to the lady and she knows you
from the one,
from the one, the one, the 67th, G1.
And she says, oh, he's always talking about fish food on the air,
but he loves us here.
And isn't that, you ever tried gold metal ribbons?
I know what that is.
Yes, good.
Oh, awesome.
I mean, I'm a, I'm a, you're going to laugh,
but I'm a chocolate yogurt person.
Just a straight chocolate yogurt person, because you know,
yeah, keeps me, you know, in better shape.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I hate a pint of that gold metal ribbons.
I would've eaten three quarts of it yesterday.
Mm-hmm.
Delicious.
All right, just want to say hi.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Say hi to my buddies at basking robins.
All right, well.
Tell them I might be driving to there tomorrow.
All right, I'll call them.
See ya.
Not likely.
I hope not.
I better not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That guy with his fructose boy.
I mean, that's just, it crossed my ass.
What?
Five times he called that.
Five times he called you back to hockey, same thing.
Like, you can't accept the fact that he's finished,
and I gave him way too much time in the first place,
especially in light of the fact he didn't know his ass from my elbow.
He's not understanding my problem.
I don't care what is going.
It's all the same.
Fructose and sucrose and glucose.
It's all sugar, okay?
Get the honey, Jr.
It'll send my blood sugar skyrocketing.
So get out of here with all your brilliant advice.
And he's giving me a son of an aunt about fruit.
I know my fruit, Mr. Okay?
Believe me.
I guarantee I've seen more bananas in the last six months
than you'll see in your lifetime.
I know my fruit.
Some of them peeled, some of them not.
Here's a mobile-informed lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
My family used to be in a bakery business
and they specialized in like diabetic patients.
And they used to put fruit toasts in it and all that.
Now, obviously, we really didn't have any effect on all the diabetics that would go that.
But that's not true.
That's another scam.
In other words, your parents are wearing a bakery quackery business.
There's no one died from it.
You know of, yeah.
Yeah, I know.
And, too.
Did you ever find anybody who ever ate out of those B-sriobags?
No.
Yes, sir.
No, we found some Delta people.
I don't think they had the barfster bag.
I did.
It's disgusting.
Mass-produced chicken sandwiches, dried food, dried fruit,
faffery potato chips.
Yeah.
Very well.
Disgusting.
Thank you.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Maybe, in fact, I'll be...
I wouldn't be surprised if they start putting in the potatoes with a...
O'lestra pretty soon.
This is a little joke.
On a passenger's back there in coach.
And don't be coming up to use our first class turlots either, by the way.
There's nothing in front of my ass wars.
Then these peasants from coach who are standing, you know, dancing from one leg back to the other,
waiting at the coach restroom waiting to back to the plane.
And they think they're going to come up and use the first class toilet.
Get out of here, okay?
We've paid $80 billion to fly in first class.
Go back and use the API on toilet.
Go back in piano.
Who is that?
That him again?
Staggot.
All of that one.
That's fat.
I think it's a different thing.
Oh.
They love you.
No, of course.
But don't you understand?
I have to say that it makes them feel better about the fact that they listen to the show in the 11th every minute of it.
Don't you understand?
It's part of their staying in the closet routine.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We got 6,000 open call.
And you know something.
The thing that I mentioned this morning about the girl on there coming up with this line about,
she took a bullet for quite that line right there.
If this was any kind of a town with people out of anything to say about anything,
I should have never even had to give the phone number out.
I should never have to give a phone number out.
Once I quoted that thing and I'm sure that other people saw it too on the CBS Morning News this morning.
Talking about the girl out there, the new martyr that they made out of the poor girl that got blown away in Colorado.
She took a bullet for Christ.
One of the most unbelievable things ever said in the history of the human race.
And this audience has got nothing to say about it.
Happy prom!
I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of dead.
I got my smile from home but my chicken's my dad.
I've got a body like a drive and range mat.
When it's cold outside, use my knifes to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ears if you will.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
No bull dutch stuff there I guarantee.
Except I'm a lady sculpting.
The only thing that separates us from the men is the country club's bathroom.
The girl friend is all third-party.
She's the best. I'm the worst.
She calls me daddy.
Must die that five-two to talk about.
I'm still a lady called to me.
My favorite holder doesn't have any number.
A green or a fairway.
I'm a rapper.
I'm a rapper.
I play golf and I'm gay.
I'm a key time to heart and club house.
I'm gay, let's play help and keep a silly call to me.
In right this gracious gift of my face still laid it off to me.
All right.
One-fourteen and five-sixty.
We got the ink goldberg show from the Yorkhanks covering the bell mod up the record this weekend.
We got the Donald B and the talking baseball six o'clock tonight.
Donald Brennan, I'm sorry.
Six thirty to pregame show.
No!
Five-six seven, oh five-sixty, pound five-sixty on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Okay, sir.
I got rock-monished.
You know, you go to a pass over dinner, but at the time of the main entry there, you had the mosa ball soup and all the craft.
You're full, you can't eat them more.
All right.
And the OJ thing last night.
The best part of that was that lady at the end.
I'm going to have to say, oh, OJ, I never shake hands with my murderer before.
Thank you very much.
He's so stupid.
He's got a big smile on his face.
I thought he was going to kiss his ass.
I thought he was going to pull out a gun.
It was unbelievable.
You know, how sad is it that this son of a bitch is walking the earth?
Right.
He's going out playing golf every day, and we got people down here think it's a big joke.
I mean, people forget how brutally hurt her.
I don't forget.
It's so sad that this system, that this SOB Roy, Roy's buddies walking around.
Roy!
Yeah, exactly.
We're supposed to bring this coke addict double murderer in here and welcome him with open arms, you know.
I'm part of our family.
And she's sucking some duck on the couch here with the, and you can get all pissed off on the phone.
You heard that call, right?
Yes, I did.
Yeah.
Have a good one.
And back to you.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, look.
On this girl with this gun, what do these people think this is?
Some kind of multiple choice or something?
She can make a decision with this guy.
Hold that gun at her.
They're running around the school's blowing people's brains out.
He shoots her in the leg first.
She's down here on the hover and praying, hoping like hell she can save her life.
Praying is what have been the right term to note out because she was one of the God Squad.
And evidently God wasn't listed.
He must have had his hearing aid to it off at the moment because he asked for a stupid question like that.
People even got to, yes, well, maybe even be with him now.
First of all, stop me if I'm wrong.
If a guy opens a closet up with a gun and he asks you a question, you've got a 50-50 chance you're going to be wrong, correct?
Yeah.
Okay, now, seeing this as a couple of dead people all they want around the hallway, now you're down to 30.
Correct me.
Stop me if I'm wrong.
Now the barrel of the gun's smoking.
Aren't you down to about 10 minutes?
I forget about that, but what about this line?
She gave her life for a crush.
She took a bullet for Christ.
What kind of a line is that?
She took a bullet for Christ?
What kind of a lunatic?
What kind of insanity?
What kind of brainwashing has some little girl been subjected to?
Just spew out a line like that?
She took a bullet for Christ.
Hey, now this guy keeps calling you for this bridge tender song.
Why don't you just play it for this fast?
Okay.
567-0560, pound 567-18T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I don't know if you saw a Monday night on Dateline with the girl who drowned, almost drowned when she was three,
and they thought her own life was supporting the mother took her home.
Now all the statues and all the paintings are dripping oil.
Yeah, that's the message.
That's an old story, right?
Oh, is it old yet?
Yeah, they're all laughing to see her, are you?
Yeah.
Well, they're parading people through, left and right, thousands of people she's taking on,
all the injuries and diseases of other people.
I've never seen so many lunatics in one setting.
I mean, there's rowing bishops in there and they can't figure it out.
That's the American fucking wing.
You know, they did a test on the oil and was 75% olive oil.
And they must have got this.
My wife is Italian.
You know, I got two sons.
If God forbid anything happened to them, I can't stand when the people come on.
This is nothing new.
It's God's will and God wanted them.
Pretty people.
What kind of, I'd go crazy if I lost my sons.
And you think I'd be saying God wanted them and that type of crap?
I mean, this is insanity with people.
See, we've had this as you know, shove down our throws.
Right.
I was one of them.
All my life growing up with my shove down my throat.
I hate the Catholic religion.
I hate it.
I despise it.
I won't have my sons make any of these communions and all this bull crap.
You know, we've just been indoctrinated and it's the easy way out.
And I'm agnostic.
I can't stand it.
And I'm just so sick of being, we're just forced to do this in every way, which way we turn in life.
You know, it's the answer for everything.
It's bull.
It's bull.
We've got to stop this insanity.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
Come down.
Five, sit.
Look at that.
It's bull, man.
They're really smoking.
I'll tell you one thing.
If we had one real call for every asshole call that we had today, we'd have been flooded with real calls.
But we weren't.
They're really in a smoking mode today, man.
It must be smoking a good stuff.
Five, six, seven.
Even a guy before with his bridge tender crap tries a new technique today.
Pretend he actually has something to say.
And then he starts to song events with the bridge tender.
I feel really bad for the fact that there were so many lifeless people in this town.
I mean, not just having no life, but not even a hope of ever having a life.
That's the saddest part.
And we hear from them on a daily basis.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Okay. Great.
Great talking to you too.
Here's a mobile and crawl springs.
Hello, our last call.
Anya, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got some Rocky Monos for you, boy.
Some what?
I got some Rocky Monos.
That's redneck for Rocky Monos.
A Rocky Monos, uh-huh.
Yeah.
Anyway, I don't know how old you are now, but I'm 47.
I grew up in a Jewish household, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
A good part of my life, I was heavy to say the least.
And I just want you to know, if you were willing to work for a half hour a day,
you could make yourself look at your own.
Where is this coming from, sir?
I never came on here today and said anything about losing weight.
All I also, some guy called about day health care,
and I was talking about all the fat people I saw on the plane going to Vegas.
Okay, well, you know, this is terminal.
I heard that earlier.
I heard that earlier.
And it ate that hard.
That's all I want to tell you, and you know, because if I can do it,
It is that hard.
And absolutely positively is that hard.
Well, especially when you were addicted to sugar, you know,
the people like you come on, and I'm glad you had your success,
and talking, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Talk is cheap, okay?
But an addiction to sugar is one of the, it's worse than alcohol.
It's worse than drugs.
Well, but the thing is, is that if you get yourself to the point
where you're working out on a regular basis,
you're not listening to anything that I'm saying.
Can you eat anything you want?
No, you can't do that.
Not when you're diabetic, sir.
You can't eat anything that you want.
Please.
I didn't spare me the pain, okay?
Spare me this tremendous pain.
All the experts out there.
Just like, you know, you pick the topic, and we got a million instant experts
who have no idea what they're talking about.
22 past one, there's not a call on this board.
This is only the second of June.
What did I tell you yesterday?
Not only is it going to be a long and hot summer outside,
it's going to be long and hot on the inside,
because they're not making any progress up on the roof, evidently.
Without the crying chains or the drifters.
Maybe we got a few drifters up on the roof.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
We got any real callers out there this last 40 minutes.
I'm waiting.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm waiting.
And I'll sit here.
Let's see.
We got four minutes to the break.
I'll wait.
Very quietly.
I'll lean back here into the fan, the floor fan.
Get a little air.
It's amazing to me how easily everybody's an expert.
Oh yeah, it's really easy.
If you're just willing to do this and get on that treadmill,
it's just right.
Uh-huh.
Everything's easy.
Everything's simple.
Like I said, talk is cheap, especially when you have the idea
what you're talking about.
Which the public out there, of course, are experts at.
What are we doing?
Are we doing any of these people?
Are we just putting them on hold?
What are we, uh, hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir?
Yes, I wanted to find out.
I have a bad phone connection.
Do you have a...
I hear you.
Okay, good one.
Here's another one anonymous.
Hello.
Okay.
WQI-N.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, man?
Okay.
I just moved here from Los Angeles.
I've been here about six months.
Uh-huh.
How do you do it?
You've been here 20 years?
Twenty-four years I've been on the ear here, sir.
I'm what you hear today.
This is what I go through virtually every day of my life.
It's unbelievable.
I could have been a contender, sir, if I got out of this,
so I got it for a second time, but I'm trapped.
I gotta get out of here.
Yeah.
All right, man, good luck.
Good luck to you, pal.
You'll need a donut pack.
That's all I can tell you.
Don't unpack.
This is the armpit of the universe.
What you hear is a mirror image of what this place is all about.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18.
You picked the topic.
They don't know from it.
They don't understand it.
They got nothing to say about it.
But we do have the guy with his fructose out there.
Don't forget about him.
The fructose guy.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
A long time no talk to him.
Hey, about this girl taking the bullet for Jesus Christ.
Yes.
Now, it seems to me, well, maybe she didn't know what to say.
You know, maybe she thought she didn't know whether she was religious
or she should say no or yes, maybe just...
Yes, sir.
What differences did make it?
It was a crazy kid that blew her away.
What differences did make what she said?
You're absolutely right.
He doesn't know what he...
He didn't conduct a goddamn seminar with her.
It wasn't a question, here.
He just shot her in a leg and he walked up to her
and she's laying there cowering, fearing for her life.
And he says, you believe in God.
And she says, yes, I do.
And he says, now you can maybe you can be with him.
And he blew her crap.
Okay.
Well, this isn't some kind of a big convoluted religious thing here.
You were talking crazy kids shooting people.
Right, but there are...
There are youth in her as an example.
They're using a murder out of her.
Like a minister I said on that same story this morning,
they're missing, they're getting sucked in by the hype
and they're missing the terrible story, the loss of this young girl.
You know what I wanted to ask you?
I remember unbelievable.
It's pathetic.
What I wanted to ask you is, I got someone in my family
who has believed in God and helped us.
There's always one question you owe to God.
And I think what it was, they always stumped them
and they can't answer it.
I haven't died to remember what that phrase was.
That you always ask them when they believe in it.
You said, answer one question.
Yeah.
What was that question?
I can't remember a question.
But there was a God, how can I be here doing this show every day with this audience?
That's the question.
What is it?
I wanted an African.
Oh.
You want napkins with lunch, too?
And you read Amy McDonald's just like the president?
Yeah.
You know what they put on their fries and Amsterdam, by the way?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Pond.
Well, the only reason I thought of that is because that Amsterdam's the only place where I eat them McDonald's
because the food there was so bad, but other than that.
I mean, any country that thinks John Revolta is an actor, what does that tell you?
There's no hope.
I mean, it's just a loss, you know?
How about taking a bullet for John Revolta?
I like peace and quiet.
And I don't need to listen to Barney Frank crying in in my ear because I made a few bucks off a book I worked on.
I don't know what I was about to see.
Oh, they were speaking in tongues.
That they'd be a believer.
It was kind of fun.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Speaking tongues.
They got people even like thumbed their fingers inside the thighs.
Buh-buh,dong, dong ho ni, dong ho ni, dong ho ni, dong la dong doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll solo doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll Doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll doll
I'm not a good idea because some of these part 96 monkeys are walking by who don't even
know that there's a radio station here looking like, oh gee, what's that?
What's that in there?
Oh, that must be the AM, you know?
So anyway, thanks to whoever faxed this to me from Palm Beach from the Palm Beach Post
today because we don't get that paper over here naturally.
Low fat versus low carb America's fatter than ever should we pass the bacon and blame
the bad carbs instead.
Let me just read a couple of short things very quick 30 seconds.
Some experts now believe the nation's rush to reduce fat has made us fatter and
thicker than ever.
Obesity is written by 50% since the push to cut fat from America's diet took off 20 years
ago.
While we skip the eggs and cheese we gorge on low fat yogurt and lean microwave dinners
and we gorge a lot.
Fat free pretzels, cookies, cakes, pasta.
If it was low fat that was no limit no matter the number of calories and the number of carbohydrates,
you have to ask yourself is Dr. Lee Fisher, a West Palm Beach family physician when they
take out the fat they don't replace it with air, they replace it with carbohydrates.
Sugar.
It's those carb calories some experts think that are packing on the pounds that are making
you fat and making you sick.
I just mentioned it in passing okay.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T line as we continue in our 19th hour today of our 25
hour marathon.
Sure feels like it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yes Neil I heard on a previous show of yours you're talking about your diabetes and how
it was useless to take your pills in the morning because it didn't make any difference.
You had a weight for like mid morning.
Correct.
I'm diet bed at balsa on glucophage and glute control and they recently put me on this
like this no biline or humaline or whatever.
Infoline injection and I'm finding that it doesn't have any effect either.
They keep giving yourself two more units a day until your numbers are like below 140.
Are you on injections yet?
No.
What do you mean yet?
No I'm not on yet and I couldn't be on.
That's good because you are watching your day.
No I'm not.
But you need to find another doctor's what you need.
I mean I can't believe that what is your sugar when you get up?
Are you taking your own blood sugar?
Yeah I do every single morning.
My numbers are like today they were like 224.
Jesus and I'm taking 20 units of insulin plus the glute control and glute of 5.
You need to find that.
I'm begging you find another doctor.
Trust me.
Definitely wrong.
What?
I think something is definitely wrong.
Something I ain't working.
I'm telling you.
But I get the feeling you're not listening to me.
It's your leg.
I mean you want to go blind.
You want to lose your legs.
I don't want to scare you sir but I will anyway.
Find yourself another doctor.
Please.
I'm begging you.
You got a name for me?
Well I mean you're up there and I don't know any doctors.
Where are you?
Well I live in Carl Springs.
I go to a guy on Robert Boulevard.
Yeah.
Well I can give him a doctor marks number.
Okay give him a doctor marks number off your.
Hang on a second.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
I mean maybe he don't want to go all the way over the beach.
Maybe doctor mark and give him a number or something like that.
But this guy he's online.
Whatever he's on.
Six.
I can't believe it.
This guy gets...
He's taking insulin shots and glute of 5 and glute control.
And he gets up in the morning and his blood sugar is 224.
Oh my god.
Here's a mobile in Carl Springs hello.
Good afternoon Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi.
This story comes to mind when my son was around 11.
He had a friend from...
We had a very religious Christian family.
He came from a Christian family.
Did he take a bullet for Christ?
Of course he was.
He was telling my son we're with Jewish but not religious.
That's my heritage.
But when he was telling my son God will protect me.
It doesn't matter as long as I pray.
My son says well what do you mean?
He says watch.
He says give me a couple of seconds.
I'm going to pray to God and I want you to hit me.
So my son gave me a couple of seconds and his kid didn't need him.
And about 10 minutes later the kid woke up and said I guess I didn't pray hard enough.
Right.
You know it's just the way the parents bring them up and all and just unbelievable.
Anyhow have a good day.
Vagazone.
Okay there you go.
Just put your hands together and pray okay because Lord even though he just don't seem to be intervening.
He's not answering very often.
But maybe his line is busy.
Okay he's got a lot of people trying to get through.
Which we don't.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm going to the bathroom.
I'm going to the bathroom.
I'm going to the bathroom.
What was it doing if I had normal food?
But it just did.
I got out and buy my CD.
Oh no.
Do you get long when I speak out of songs?
Is that how much I think?
I can keep keeping.
I'm going to get by within plants in my crust.
I get guys within plants in my crust.
I don't have to try within plants in my crust.
Did you know this shot wasn't anybody's?
I only had to pull my panties down.
Are they the same in your body?
Yeah, not to mention where I could find them.
Can you succeed by just spreading your lies?
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a tourler or a guy.
How long will you be between just seven to eight?
At least until I'm out of rehab 35.
I get by within plants in my crust.
I get guys within plants in my crust.
I don't have to try within plants in my crust.
I just need your backstage for me.
She lives through me by carrying a fleet.
I don't need your company.
Well, in this business, that's the most important thing.
I'm a guest by just a bit.
It's in plants in my crust.
Okay.
One more.
One more.
Okay, 143 at 560 WQAM.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the ATT line.
Are there a condition of working yet?
No.
Are there a condition of people here yet?
No.
Are they up on the roof?
No.
Anything going on?
No.
Oh, there he is.
Thank God for you, sir.
Get with it.
Good busy.
Oh, thanks for showing off the day I show, too, by the way.
Well, he's tangled.
Of course, he's up in New York, so he'll be cool anyway.
At least Donald Brennan might be cool.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Of course, he works for a whole half hour.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, now?
Okay.
Yes.
I was listening to your show.
My question to you, back to what you guys were talking about about the grid.
I got shot.
People say you got shot for cry.
Yes.
My question to you, if you were here at gunpoint, somebody actually was saying, what would you
have said?
I would have said, don't shoot.
That's what I would have said.
That's it, right?
That's it, right?
Yeah.
Because, you know, a lot of times in life, everything happened for a reason.
So, you know what?
In other words, you're saying that she got shot for a reason?
Can you really believe that?
You're going to skip it.
I believe that she got shot for cry.
She got shot for cry.
I believe that.
You know what?
You know something, sir.
If that's what you believe, if that's what your religion is based on, that some young girl
in the prime of her life has to get blown away because Jesus wants another blood sacrifice,
then you ought to get some mental help, sir.
You need a psychiatrist immediately and God saved this country from crazy people like
you.
Who the hell ever heard a comment like that?
She got shot for cry.
Jesus wants your blood, baby.
I mean, it's one thing with his blood sacrifice, bullcrap.
That's not bad enough.
Now, it's Jesus.
I mean, what are they worried about video games and movies for?
Because this is what Jesus wants anyway.
If you listen to these crazy people, he wants your blood.
Take a bullet for Jesus.
I'm telling you, that's going to be the new next year.
This year we got to whose life next year on a Florida license plate, it's going to say,
take a bullet for Christ.
Maybe in the...
Correct.
Yeah, that too.
How do you like that?
We're talking to crazy people here today.
I mean, I heard that thing this morning.
I saw that little girl.
She's like 14, 15 years old on there.
Right there on my TV, sitting my big 52 inch Sony.
Look at me in the face.
And she says, oh, she took a bullet for Christ.
And I wrote it down.
I was so shocked that I actually heard this...
This swell, this crap, this cock out, coming through my TV speakers.
And I come in here and I'm talking about my amazement and outrage.
And what am I getting?
Oh, well, you know, everything happens for a reason.
Maybe Jesus wanted her, yeah.
So all you believers out there, you better watch it because Jesus wants your blood.
Maybe Jesus is a goddamn vampire.
You ever think about that?
Yeah.
Maybe he's a blood sucker.
Or maybe...
Well, he wore those funny sandals, you know.
Yeah.
I said blood sucker.
There's no fact in the church.
Right.
Crazy people.
Oh, yeah, take a bullet for Christ.
I mean, are you people?
Are you that brainwashed?
Are you that desperately in need of a brain?
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, my name is Ariel.
Listen, I was a consultant in the story.
I went to a Christian school.
And it's not really the followers who are the bad people.
It's the leaders.
This guy was a pastor.
He talked about adultery.
And then it ends up that he committed adultery.
Yeah.
He's a dirtbag.
Anyways, Neil, the twins say hello.
Okay.
He's nuts.
Eh-eh-eh.
Whatever he said.
What does he talk about?
Do we have any ideas?
No.
Oh, identical twins.
Maybe he's an identical twin.
Like I said, they're all doing each other.
5, 6, 7, we never had one call on it.
Did we?
No.
No, not one single call on the identical twin thing I mentioned before.
Because no matter what you bring up, it's a very interesting thing.
Everybody's all whipped up into a frenzy about cloning.
And like I told you, there's been cloning going on by nature for a long time.
There's lots of identical twins running around on the loose.
That's cloning.
There's still different people.
Here's Dearfield Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, you know, British Spirits have a set of twins there.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, where was God in my-
Where are they real?
And Minnesota's got some twins too.
And this is true.
And Wilkins draw flies.
Where was God in my islanders were getting the women in from the playoffs back?
That should prove it to you right there.
That's what I'm saying.
Where was God went to leave defense to miss the bus?
I have to agree.
All right.
Thank you.
Including Mark, your reduced back.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
She took a bullet for Christ.
And we've got people calling defending that.
I'm going to say something to my dark-and-plugged friends out there.
Those five or 10 that I have left.
I mean, really, this is the biggest con job, you know, as a substitute for equality and a substitute for education.
And as a substitute for a whole lot of things, the church thing was a great, you know, like throwing somebody a bone.
Here's something phony that you can sink your teeth into.
Just, you know, get on your knees and pray.
And do it real enthusiastically, you know, because you've got that rhythm, you know.
And do all that bull crap, that evangelical bull crap.
Get on your knees and do it.
And the prayer too.
And some of you got to like use a little bit of a brain and realize that it's a scam.
It's a lie.
It's not a substitute for a real life, okay?
Not a substitute for having a brain and using it.
Whatever way I do.
They're in your hinder.
Oh, yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Well, a fan is going so loud in the back.
It's a miracle like anything.
In fact, I feel like we're on the fan.
Where's I'mus?
Here's a mobile-infor-lotterdale.
Hello?
Oh, hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I think that these people are like a bunch of brainwashed people that just follow what everybody says.
And I don't think that the shooting had anything to do with the crates during that crap that people want to.
The shooting we had to do with a couple of crazy kids who have no respect for human life.
That's what it had to do with that.
Nothing to do with religion.
And if it did have anything to do with religion, then God help us if that's the kind of God in Jesus there is.
Exactly.
I don't know what the hell is going on these kids the past few years shooting in all these schools and crates,
but something's got to happen soon.
Can't be but like this.
Okay, good luck to us, sir.
Thanks.
God bless you.
Get on your knees.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in homestead.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, what's up?
If I was in that same situation, I would have said, you wouldn't even go out and say, hey, oh no.
I would have said, long live, mentally, and mentally, imagine something like that, you know.
Crazy kids like that don't believe in God.
Yeah.
And I would say, oh no, but twins, the scriptics and playboy, they're very cool.
You what?
The twins and playboy.
They're identical twins.
Okay, thank you.
Whatever you just said.
Okay, you said no and whatever.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Wow, man, I'm telling you.
That big storm that we had yesterday and the one again this morning, I guarantee you, I know it's getting close to the end of the year.
I don't want you to panic or anything like that.
But...
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
Well, the end days are near.
You can almost count them.
Can't you? You can almost smell them.
Here's a mobile in dear field.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, look, you seem like a nice guy.
You know, I'm not a bad dog.
Why are you so wrapped up with all this religion garbage?
You know, I just let the people like, leave them alone.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I think you may have it backwards, sir.
The religious nuts don't want to leave the rest of us alone.
That's the problem.
You can believe whatever crap you want.
But don't try to impose it on everybody else.
I'm not trying to impose it on anyone.
You know, I mean, I don't hear anyone calling you.
But what kind of kind of say something real quick?
I'm listening.
Okay.
I don't hear anyone calling you preaching their Jesus and this and that.
I just want to leave the people alone.
I can't hear that kind of thing out the talk about.
You have nothing else to talk about.
I'm not talking about all the time.
Then why do you listen to the show?
That's all I talk about.
I never said I had a problem with the show.
I just want to hear something else.
Then if you don't have a problem, how can I answer it?
Listen to what you just told me.
You don't have a problem with the show, but you want to hear something else.
In other words, you want to tell me what to talk about.
I talked to a person.
I talked to a person.
I talked to a person.
Sir, can I say something now?
Yes, by the guy.
I talked this morning about the old J thing that was on TV last night.
Did anybody, did I get any response to that?
Well, listen.
You're obviously the children first.
Sir, are you going to have a conversation or not?
You're telling me that's all I talk about.
That was one of several things I mentioned that I saw in the last 24 hours.
Was that girl on TV this morning who made that statement.
I mentioned that along with about 30 other things I've talked about today.
And yet for some reason, that disturbs you.
Okay.
And I got news for you, sir.
It's not the one person that's got the balls to talk about this stuff on the air
and it's got an overrun country.
I'm going to keep talking about it.
Okay, that's great, but I don't calm down.
We're just talking here.
No, we're not just talking.
You're telling me what I should talk about.
No, absolutely.
Why are you yelling at me?
We're just talking about it.
Because you don't make any sense.
Because on the one hand you say you have no problem with a show.
And on the other hand, you don't like my talking about this.
I like to talk to you.
And you're telling me.
And then what do you like about the show, sir?
I like the humor in it, but I don't want to hear a religion every time I hit it on the radio.
Why don't you talk about how old Jay's ridiculous kind of a bitch.
What about that?
Huh?
Oh, Jay's ridiculous talk.
Turn up louder.
Come on.
Turn up louder.
Turn up a little louder.
And hear the sound you're going, boy.
And he's squeezing himself right now.
He's squeezing it real tight.
He stopped his circulation.
That's how tight he's squeezing it.
Why don't I just ask him that?
That I brought up the OJ thing at the beginning.
That's the number one thing I had on my menu today since I watched the wasted 50 minutes of my life last night.
Did I have a response?
No.
In fact, do I have a response at almost anything I ever talk about?
No.
So I'll talk about whatever I feel I'm talking about.
And if I see something ridiculous like a little girl on TV saying she took a bullet for Jesus,
you bite your sweet ass.
I'm going to talk about it.
And you make absolute no sense.
You sound like a moron, Dmitri.
You can't, it was not capable of having a conversation.
You're a double-talker.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
I said before, talk is cheap except on this show.
On this end.
7 before 2 at 5 60.
And now now this thing is blood.
The fan actually will work fine.
Thank you very much for the fan, Maddie.
I'll be in the whoever else.
Chungers.
Exactly.
John Jones.
