Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Goat.
You heard.
You heard.
You talked to Neil called 560-0560 toll free for date and brown.
You heard.
Turn down 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the beastly broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
All right.
Yeah.
Who's sitting at home watching White Lauderdale?
Talking about how bomb the ceiling 95 guard rail when Sudden Lee with a bullet and a dish up onto the screen
came his partner and Bishop.
He said this just in.
So I witness noon.
It's governor Martinez and the two lies through.
All right.
More dissails coming up at 530 people.
I'm from the stores because they so church.
Yes.
Oh, they're so 13.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Bob had heard the album and he was a Paul.
He said, thank you, Janet Reno.
I'm glad that you're called.
We got to take a stand.
I'll guess this 13 rhyme.
Besides, it's really close to election time.
His brother judge friends that I will not fail you.
Will censor any mention of Janet failure.
They're selling such a kids going through puberty.
The two lies through.
Yes.
They so dirty.
They're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
He could crap a butt to show he had guts.
So, most of the people said this guy is a pus.
He ripped the land of that noise pollution.
Even growing when a Jessica institution.
And what did Luzoo do in all of this job?
So, 10,000 more copies.
At 12.95, he bought a brand new Mercedes.
It's really 13 driving it to the bank.
Because he's so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
10,000, 3560 WQM Happy Monday to you.
Let's start right off the bat this week with a message from yours truly
that the FCC, FU.
Okay? That's my message to the FCC.
You're not fooling anybody.
We realize that we do live in a police state.
And now we not only have the word police, we got the humor police.
The humor police.
We are a government that's got the time.
This is with all the tax money that we pay.
Your government has got the time to have an agency where a bunch of old,
funny buddies, a bunch of anal-retentive old fart sit around listening to tapes of stuff.
Deciding, wow, did he say,
rectum?
Too many times and there was the tongue and hurray and all this other stuff.
And then when they finish it all up by the way, like they did 10 years ago at IOD,
they pass a message back to me saying,
oh, our favorite one was Boys, Want, Sex, and the Morning.
We're going to find you for playing it, but nevertheless,
that was our favorite one.
That was really great.
Yeah, it was great.
So, when we had this thing Friday that we were very confused about,
and of course, around here,
let you understand our people are always a little confused.
The last ones, they don't want anything.
But this R&R, which is the radio and records,
and of course, they have this crap sheet that they faxed to all the radio stations that subscribe to them.
They put this thing out, which we got Friday morning,
FCC slaps WQM line with $35,000 in decency fine.
Well, this is the mole, not the moil, but the mole over at R&R,
who's got that in at the FCC with somebody.
Because before we were even notified, before anybody knew about it,
this asshole at R&R had the information, which is very nice.
That's always comforting to know that.
But nevertheless, he's still got it wrong,
because we weren't slapped with anything.
What we were given was notice that maybe possibly alleged, et cetera, and so on.
And when you look at the list, wait, we're not going to talk about it on here,
because we don't want Greg running around going.
Yeah!
13 for that hole on his head with his finger.
But when you hear the things that were supposedly going to get fine for,
or they were played on this show, a year ago in May, may have 98,
you will just guarantee a pin your pants.
And it says, the Beasley Broadcasting Sports Station is 30 days to appeal.
And by the way, nice going for local media.
Oh!
A really blu-bis story.
And we could use the publicity, by the way.
Since I work for a company that doesn't believe in promotion of any kind of way or shape or form,
we could use a little publicity here.
Do they have the newspapers? Have anything about this?
At all?
No.
TV station, even Channel 10 Adventure, which hates me like poison.
And anytime they can put anything on here that will put me in a bad light,
they put it, did they put anything on about this?
No.
Not that I know of.
So I think they all got sucked in there at the very end when Eric said that fact about WQM and Naples.
And about how maybe it wasn't really a local story.
The only reason that was in there is because the Beasley's, the headquarters of this company are over there in Naples.
But nevertheless, it's not very exciting.
And we're in.
Oh, and I think we ought to tone this show down, don't you?
No.
I think we ought to be real polite.
No.
Huh? Stop doing all this disgusting stuff.
Should we do that?
No.
No.
Should we cave in?
No.
You can keep pocketing a china from now until the end of time.
And like I've said before, you anal retentive assholes up there in Washington.
You make it up as you go along.
Always have.
Always will.
And you give us purposely this vague and ambiguous and tenuous definition about sexual organs and activity and about excretory activity.
Oh, don't play that.
You know what?
I think we're going to find a thousand dollars for each.
Huh?
Wow.
We're just start ringing it up.
Okay?
Just start getting that cash register going, baby.
Uh-oh.
Wow.
We're already in the hole.
It's only early Monday.
We've been out here for like six and a half minutes and we're already about 20 grand in the hole.
Overgrown children in this police state of ours.
But nevertheless, and you know how psychic I'm always telling you that I am?
I wonder which day it was.
Maybe somebody in the audience remembers what day it was.
I was asking about Martin and Gronsky dead to rely.
And I'm scouring through my paper this morning.
Chris, I always look at the obituary section first.
Oh, by the way, did I tell you who called my new doctor?
Did I tell you that?
You told me off the air.
Didn't find his name in the obituary today.
Damn it.
Everyday I keep looking.
Damn it.
Yeah.
Calls my new doctor.
We're listening to this show, this fag show.
Anyway, so I sent a little obituary's Martin and Gronsky TV veteran.
Oh!
84 he's dead.
He died of congestive heart failure.
He was 84.
He's dead.
Commentator created the talking hits format still popular today.
Martin and Gronsky from a Gronsky and company.
I bet there are five people in this audience who remember Martin and Gronsky.
Even you don't know who the hell that was.
What's up with me?
I mean, a really ugly guy.
Really ugly.
And he talked like that.
But he was a good guy.
You know, he was one of our people.
A real good liberal guy.
Like I said, one of my people, a real good Jewish liberal guy.
But nevertheless, it was pretty interesting.
Show me you used to have that.
What was his name?
James Kilpactrick.
That right wing.
And then Carl Rohn.
And then the guy in the wheelchair.
And he had a kind of like, and he was on there too, that they dusted it off the mothballs,
and brought back out again last week for junior.
And you know something.
Here it is.
It's Monday the 26th.
It's a week and a half after the accident.
Have they stopped?
No.
No.
They can't stop.
It's like a runaway freight train is a junior stuff.
John John.
They can't stop it.
Irreve talking head show yesterday was on and again.
They were all over it like stink on the FCC.
Yeah.
Oh, I got news for this FCC business.
I find I don't even I'm kidding.
I find a word for it.
It's almost amusing because it's so childish and so pathetic.
Oh, but children might be listening.
What?
Penis?
Children ever hear of a penis, you think?
No.
Or a vagina?
No.
And of course we know that nobody in America heard of oral sex.
Keep in mind, this is a year ago in May when a whole country was embroiled in monica gate.
And where was he sticking his cigar in which, right?
And all this other stuff, which orifice was it going on in?
Ken Star comes out with the most the the the sedious report in the history of the US government.
And we were we're worried about a few blow jobs or something like that.
Or whether we had the bleeps in the right place, which we did by the way, but nevertheless.
So typical.
Do you think that there's free speech in America boy, you're living in a real green world in La La Land.
Ten past 10 at 560 WQM, your free speech station for the 90s.
Notice the sports shows never get fine either.
Have you ever noticed that?
All right.
I think that's also when there at 10 o'clock at night till 6 in the morning and also on the sports shows.
They can say those words.
No.
What's up with our big counting?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Willie, are you still in the bathroom?
Yeah, mom, I'll be right out.
Little Willie Stanford just found something amazing and his life will never be the same.
God, he sure is in there enough a lot.
Are you all right in there Willie?
Oh, almost finished.
Coming soon to theaters everywhere.
It's...
Oh, yeah.
When I found my dad's porno.
Willie, where did all the clinics go?
And what's this all over the floor?
Were you eating in here again?
From depressed and awkward teens to the happiest guy in school, Willie Stanford has found heaven in his father's hope chest.
Oh, it's okay, mom.
You and dad go out.
I'll stay here and watch the house.
I don't mind.
When I found my dad's porno, rated PG-13.
All kids aged 13 must see this thing.
All right.
15 at 560 WQAM.
Satanic lyrics by Mexican singer caused devil overruckus.
This is my favorite story of the year so far.
At first, the 22nd introduction to the song, Yann No.
No more by Mexican pop rock band, Gloria Trevy,
seemed low and garbled like an album played in slow motion.
Gonzalo Londonio, producer and editor for Radio Unica Network 1210A.M.
was intrigued.
He taped the song and played it backward.
I want you to stop and think about this, okay?
Stop and think about people who are playing songs backward again.
I thought we were finished with that.
All right, with a backmasking.
We're not finished.
Yeah, there we go.
In fact, let's do the show back.
Let's play all the bits backward and see if the FCC can figure them out.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
Let's say all the seven words backward and see if we get fine backwards.
Oh, and by the way, if they ever do get those finds,
if they ever do, let me find them against the beesleaves.
How long before you think they get to check?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, yeah.
Don't be trusted out.
Wow.
Anyway, getting back to this, he taped the song and played it backward on Wednesday's edition of
Ace de Tarde, a nationwide show based in Miami and was surprised they were trevvy and a man giving orders.
Lo Isiste Mau, you did it wrong.
Por Azo de Beis obetecer, that's what you have to obey.
Tien and Ke obetecer, you must obey.
Among Spanish language media here in Mexico, the discovery has touched off a firestorm in the media.
Oh, the people calling the messages say Tannik.
Gloria Trevvy is a hottie.
That's only added to the controversy over Trevvy,
who along with her manager, Sergio Andrade has been accused in the Mexican court of kidnapping and corruption of minors
in two cases involving teenagers.
The parents of a teenage girl accused the couple of kidnapping there now, 19-year-old daughter three years ago,
saying that we're going to help her in the music business.
Another girl accused Andrade of rape and kidnapping and named Trevvy is an accomplice.
They got a fountain named after her.
Don't they enrol?
Trevvy and her manager are talking after disappearing from Mexico once the charges were filed earlier this year.
The couple returned this week of the state of Morelos, but have yet to speak with authorities there or with reporters.
How do you like that?
Gonzalo Andonio on 1210, Rady O'Unica, he's playing craft backwards.
I'm going to do what we got to do.
We got to take that.
I'm going to do what I'm going to do.
And see how it sounds backwards.
Can we do it now?
Well, fire it off.
Okay.
I'm going to do it one more time.
I'm going to do it one more time.
Okay, now we can play backwards.
I hope you're listening, Gonzalo, because there's definitely a satanic message hidden in there.
Is that it?
Is that it?
Yeah, I could loop it.
But it won't loop backwards.
Loophess.
Okay.
By the way, here's a great algol scene piece, even better than that tasteless, veninjury thing on the John John.
Here's a full page ad in Screw Magazine July 26th.
What kind of man reads Screw?
And here's a big, almost full page picture of John Cardinal O'Connor.
Ow!
It says, after a hard day of upholding the outdated and the illogical rules of the Catholic Church,
there's nothing better than a man like Cardinal O'Connor likes doing than ravaging the rump of some defenseless choir boy.
But like many decadent and sadistic corruptors of innocence, the Cardinal occasionally likes to vary his tastes.
After all, how many cute choir boys can a Cardinal Cornhole before he craves a change?
It's at times like these that is holding his scurries out of St. Pat's to pick up the latest copy of Screw Magazine.
Ow!
The perverted papers know that the world's greatest newspaper is the place to turn to score the ass-reaming his guilty Catholic conscience tells him he needs.
Whether from a dominatrix, a tranny or gay hustler right out of a Thomaphenland drawing,
Cardinal O'Connor knows that if they advertise in Screw, his prostate will get the manath message it so desperately needs and rightly deserves.
Cardinal O'Connor says Screw always helps the right thing, helps me find the right thing to stick up my f***.
Oh yeah, we don't want to say that because...
Back to him!
...and he'll get upset about that too.
Nice going, Ariel!
Here's a call from Miami. Hello?
Neal, how you doing this morning?
Okay, sir.
Hey, you know what's ridiculous?
They don't ban a witch talk from TV.
It's just getting the wrong messages to everybody listening to it.
But they try to ban year-rounder children, only makes people laugh and have a good time.
Isn't that a big good?
Woodstock was given people the wrong messages like if you get pissed off about the water being too expensive,
you don't put into place down, is that it?
Yeah, like stuff like that, you know?
Like crap like that.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Okay, I wonder why we had a call already.
Hey, it's only Monday, you know?
Anyway, I'm going to tell you how...
We may be making a transition now to the most ridiculous front page in the history of so-called journalism,
and I used the term very loosely journalism when it comes to either of our local papers here.
Yesterday's Miami Herald.
On the front page, this goes to show you what's really going down here, baby.
Well, first before we even get to the front page on top, on the very top above the mass head,
it says Sunday, Tony Martin, money troubles of the dolphin sports 1C.
Now we're starting to get a little warm, okay?
But then it says the Herald and underneath the Herald, here you go.
Here's a big, big ass full-color picture of Leone.
As in, do you think Leone's going to win any more games for the dolphin for the Amarlin's Ed?
No.
For the dolphin?
No.
For the apathas?
No.
For anybody here.
Time to go.
Locker, empty, and goodbye said Leone, her name is, tries to make the most of his departure,
the pitch for the San Francisco Giants.
And here's Dan LaVastard.
Now is when baseball hurts the most.
Marlins are rebuilding.
They're rebuilding and rebuilding and rebuilding and rebuilding and rebuilding.
And they get somebody the people like and then they get rid of him and we're going to rebuild some more.
We're going to get some 12-year-old kids, some 10-year-old kids, some 8-year-old kids.
Because we're rebuilding.
So, I mean, forget about the fact that this should be the last straw.
This should be the incident that causes there to be no people in the ballpark from Leone.
None.
Just the ushers, just the people, the concession people, and just the players and the those who have to be there by law.
Anybody else? No.
Too bad they've taken off to the road now.
They're right full of the alphabets.
Too bad that they don't have, because I see on a Sunday, yesterday on a Sunday, they had 14,000 in some announcements.
They've been living in a few games lately.
That's a bit step at a right direction, which means they probably really had about 708,000 people in there, if they were lucky.
But the idea that this is a front-page story with a full-color picture that tells you the kind of newspaper we got here in this town.
Front-page, Leone, careful Leone traded.
In a town where nobody cares about the Marlins, about baseball anymore, about Leone, about any of this stuff. Nobody cares.
Don't confuse these people with the fact if anybody cared somebody would show up there, okay? Nobody cares.
But let's build a stadium for John Henry.
So we can get a 500-foot yacht. That's what I say. We don't want them losing no money.
Now this is the week by the way this Thursday. This is what we've been building up to, and I'm very, very, very depressed.
Very depressed. Now let's see. What about overall?
Overall?
Oh boy, it's pretty damn close.
According to the Harold Poll.
This was on page 14, and yesterday's paper on the Transit Tax this Thursday, on the Phantom Tax.
In June, it was 50-39% yes. But now in July, the Poll they just took, is 46% and is 45% undecided, 9%.
And it's real interesting when you look at the demographic breakdown of how this poll came out.
Now you would expect hispanics to be in favor because the leader of this is Mayor Penis.
Oh, can I say that on the ear anymore?
No.
I'm sorry, Mayor Penga. He's the leader of this.
So as a result, there are a lot of people who vote along ethnic lines, no matter what it was, you know.
If the proposal on the ballot on Thursday would be for all residents of date county to chop off their left foot, there still would be, you know, a lot of hispanics say,
OK, OK.
Among white non-Hispanic people, us anglos in date county, 53% in this latest July poll say, no.
And only 41% say, yes.
Among Cuban Americans in the latest poll, 47% say, yes, 42% say, no.
Which is still pretty close.
Other Hispanics, meaning Brazilians and Mexicans and Ecuadorians and San Salvadorians and Colombians and Venezuela and people of that ilk and don't ask me why.
59% say, only 39% say, what is that all about?
They're going to be the ones hardest hit.
Yeah.
Well, wait a minute. Here's where you get better.
I've saved the best for last.
Among dark, complex, date county of voters.
Blacks, 48% say, yes.
And only 41% say, no.
Now, how many black people are going to be riding the metro rail, OK?
How many black folks in date county do we have who are really a not financially challenged?
Who want to pay that extra 15.6% sales tax, that extra 1%.
Maybe 10%.
How are you getting sucked in?
How is it that somebody in the black community has done such a piss poor job of educating the people there?
The people may come out and vote this Thursday that this is going to be of no value to them whatsoever.
It's only going to hit them again in the pocket, but where it hurts most.
A bunch of bullcrap.
But you notice something how they're setting us up for this and Carl Hiason, by the way, who about three times here writes a column that makes sense.
This is one of me yesterday, which I will read by the way.
It's great. Nice going, Carl.
I'm sick and tired of reading about your alligators and your damn manatees.
But once in a great while, this guy actually says something.
In the hero no less, transit and plan hides money, Pith says Carl Hiason.
But you notice how they're setting this thing up again for real real just like the first one.
46 to 45. Oh, it's nip and tuck.
And then of course, Thursday, late in the evening, somehow magically they'll come up with just enough votes from Homestead and put it over the top.
Like they did last time with a metro fail.
Am I saying that they fixed elections here in South Florida?
Yeah.
That we have dishonest elections.
Yeah.
We have dead people who vote, that they rig it so that they can get whatever they want.
If they pull this no job off on the people of this town, man, it's going to be one of the saddest things that will ever happen here.
It's one thing to make the mistake the first time.
And even though it's 20 years later, after you've seen the history, after you've seen the billion dollar boom doggle and the failure and revealed by the way by the same people that are encouraging to vote for this again.
To trust the same people like Merit Steerheim that put it over on you in the first place.
And there are people that stupid that are going to go out and vote yes on Thursday.
Anybody?
Oh my god.
We need a stupid test in this town.
You're a bastard.
Do you or your family suffer from things?
The makers of Xyfan wants you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things.
Xyfan, winner of the Department of Health's prestigious longest list of side effects award for two years running.
Xyfan, talk to your doctor today.
Some swallow the brain, and put in some large men of various glands and dachshunds.
And we're always quiet to get history of temptations and plays of locus to be an associated to use the Xyfan.
Other possible side effects we put finds is in this loss of weight, loss of color, loss of key, strengthening of the hair.
A version to swing music zombies and night sweats.
Talking like Roger Ebert, if your organs are floating ahead and the gout.
Some patients have reported blurred vision through me talking a straight and saying the phrase, good to go.
Not knees, broken bones, lumpy eyebrow makeup, high cholesterol, low esteem, wet packing cloth, strife, soft doughing, meat sections, cloth watching and recongism.
A more significant number of side fans users have reported occasional thoughts of chest pain.
Random loss of the name is trouser-canting, greasy forehead, twisting of the truth, spinal straightening,
towing the line headaches, muscle aches, clawed aches, and is in gas pussing, incessant stirring and working.
Get your complete list of side effects on our website at www.cyfansideeffects.
Are you kidding me?
Question mark.org.
Cyfan.
Keep away from cats, dogs, snakes, children, the young at heart and goats.
Cyfan.
Medicine for today's.
Thanks.
Yeah, we need to get a bunch of that stuff so we can totalize.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Text us out.
My husband works in a grocery store, drilling with the public, and he had one of his clients come up to a nest today and told him that he was authorized to give any voter $30 for voting yes to the tax on Thursday.
I was outweighed.
Yeah, me $30.
So this is what's going to happen on Thursday.
Hmm.
And closing Alex Penella's sucks.
All right.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Now, of course, we have no way of verifying that.
I want to make sure you understand that it's just an anonymous call out there, but she sounded pretty reasonable to me.
Didn't she?
Didn't she sound reasonable?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I don't want to say that they buy votes in date, County, or that they're desperate to try to put this over.
Let me read Carl Heisen's column.
Okay, it's a little lengthy, but it's one of the great columns ever written in History Mankind at this particular time anyway, especially in a horse ball paper like the Herald.
He says before you ride, drive or walk to the polls July 29.
Remember a few things about the transportation plan that Mimee, Dave, Mayor, Alex, Penis is so exuberantly promoting.
First and foremost, it's a metro rail tax.
The penny will be added to every dollar you spend at the store, and the bulk of that extra tax will go toward new elevated train tracks, estimated cost as much as $100 million per mile.
That's not a typo.
$100 million per mile.
The barn's storming mayor doesn't dwell on the metro rail part of his plan due to the fact that metro rail is an ongoing flop.
No politician wants to be seen as throwing good money after bad, especially the public's money.
So Penelope's wisely focusing attention on the less whimsical aspect of his proposal, expanding bus services, yanking out tool boots on four expressways, freeing up more funds for needy causes.
These are good things that will bring out eager voters.
The issue of metro rail will bring them out too, though mostly on the opposing side.
It's not that people hate the idea of trains, what people hate is waste and inefficiency and insurmountable debt, the trademarks of metro rail and many mass transit projects.
History teaches several unhappy lessons, one, it will cost billions more to build metro rail than they say, two, it will take years longer to complete than they say, three, far fewer commuters will ever write it than they predict, and four, somebody will make a fortune off the construction.
That's one reason Penelope was able to quickly raise more than a million dollars in private funds to help sell his plan on TV.
For some companies, metro rail won't be just another project, it will be a lifetime stipend.
The money will never dry up, that's the beauty of a sales tax, it's like a giant straw that just keeps on sucking.
But the mayor says, come on people, trust us, don't worry about incompetence, mismanagement or corruption, not in Miami-Dade government.
That was funny.
Right, these are the same bright bulbs who once paid $2 per foot for 97 miles of road striping that was never done, nobody even bothered to drive out and check.
The non-work was part of a juicy $58 million package awarded by the county commission to church and tower a construction firm headed by the late political bully Jorge Mascanosa.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Gee, you don't suppose church and tower might get a piece of the new metro action, it says, if not it's only because they're outmustled by other companies with craftier lobbyists.
Correctly perceiving a trace of cynicism among scandal-wary voters, Penelope proposed a citizens oversight board to keep an eye on each penny collected and paid out for the new transit tax.
It would be a grand thing if that actually worked.
It would be even grander if the new railings were finished on time and under budget and if commuters and droves abended their gas guzzlies for the train and if metro rail actually won't break even.
Such a thing has never happened in the anals of modern US transportation, it won't happen here either.
By the time the final chapter of the metro rail saga is written, Mayor Penis will be a congressman, panellists or governor Penis are more likely grandpa Penis and a few will recall his role in the penny tax, he might choose not to recall it himself.
If the transit tax passes hope for the best, hope for new buses and less traffic congestion, hope for new trains that run on time and actually go where you need to go to go, hope that every new highway is scribes down the middle, in other words hope for a miracle.
That's what Carl Hyerson says, right there in a herald yesterday, he's still in Carl and he didn't even mention alligators or manatees once, which is unusual for him.
There you go, lays it out pretty good.
And by the way, I hope you realize that even though the four tolls that they're taking down in a couple of years there's going to be a whole bunch more new tolls anyway.
So they're playing games with you, they're giving you like a short term release and a long term real pain in the wallet and on a highway.
And I look at these poor results here in July and even though it is coming much more bar it seems to be in just one month to go from 50 to 39 yes to 4645.
It seems it looks very much like the real people, the rational people are starting to come back and say wait a minute, this is a pile of crap.
We already got a billion dollar boom doggle up there, why should we spend billions more for pie in the sky than nobody wants to write anyway.
This Thursday and it would appear once again that in Dave County, the minorities as usual have the they have the upper hand in this.
How many non ethnic angles have we got left in Dave County, seven, seven people, all seven of you need to go out and vote 100 times.
And how about that call from that woman we just had.
There's a real eye opener, okay?
You think people might get paid off to go out there and vote yes this Thursday, you think it might be because I'm telling you, sure as I'm sitting in his chair that the first metro rail freaking election 20 years ago was fixed.
They'll never convince me that the outcome of that election was accurate.
That thing I watched the election the election returns all evening long, it's losing, it's losing, it's losing, it's close, but it's losing and then like in a wee hours the more, oh all these votes from home, they just came in, they put it over the top, it passed.
Anybody believe it? No, no.
In addition to what you do understand that even if this thing goes through, even if it passes, there's no guarantee of a dime of federal money.
You do understand that, don't you? That there are all these other markets because the federal dollars there are just right up there's not that much left.
And all these other markets, the major markets just dying for a piece.
So there isn't a guarantee that there'll be one penny of federal money to help build anything in the day county.
Pion of sky in election in the middle of July, Thursday, July 29th, do we ever have elections on a Thursday?
No, we ever have elections in July in the summertime and all this bull crap about well they better do it now because otherwise in the fall when the government, you know, hands up the money we definitely lose.
Does anybody really believe that in their right mind? No.
This is the, he always flipped flop and he was against it in the first place. Now he does a complete turnaround just like he was against the Mickey Erison's big arena and then all of a sudden after they elected him, all of a guess what we made a great deal. He's going to build it after all.
Just a liar liar, your pants are on fire.
And you can hit us with your alleged FTC fines without your other bull crap and run around town telling everybody what a nasty guy and a pervert and this and that.
The fact is that at least there's one voice here in this town 20 years later who's been around here long enough to see the bull crap and the conning of the public and the overtaxing of the public.
And if you black people out there are stupid enough to go there and vote yes and give mayor penis your vote, then you get what you deserve.
Just one time get some quotes, but baby grow up here.
Very simple word even you can say it. No, there you go. And we can all spell it.
The
Yes, I'm a mountain tent who we know who float it into town and when I read the herald I just can't put it down.
Since all the touring goes to where they ought to try to get to. He held me and he held to change his name and then took me and me and the ra.
It makes my tongue more and more and more and more.
And it's perfect for a town where there's no life to be found outside of what is the best like rubbing at the ends and juicing tourists in the head and the rotators to the air against the hospital.
It's completely said that it's a story.
I read it when I get the case of black people and then I wipe my ass and I wipe a pair of russures of the antipand russ.
The antipand russ is the big python.
The antipand russ is the big python.
It makes my tongue more and more and more and more and more.
There it is. That's it.
I read it.
I read it.
I read it.
I read it.
1046 and 560 W.
It says depending on the turnout Hispanics and black voters could combine the past attacks since they outnumber white non-Hispanic voters.
Turn out during summer elections is generally like but this issue was attracted wide attention.
Undecided voters the poll shows could swing the vote of the counties more than 830,000 registered voters.
42.3% are Hispanic, 20.4% are black and 34.2% are white non-Hispanic.
A little more than a turd.
How do you like that?
You turd.
Well there you go.
There's a little bit of hope there and maybe some more Julio friends will come around and see the life.
In fact maybe his name isn't Leopinas after all.
Maybe his name is Smith.
And it's in Larry.
560, 560, 560.
I'll tell you what.
I was $40 for a...
How do you like that?
Well I'll do those bastards.
$30 for a vote and 40.
50.
We'll go $50.
The beesleaves will pay for it.
How do you like that?
Of course you might have to wait a while for the cash.
It's in the form of a check.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello?
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I want to talk to you about Europe.
You know what you're always saying?
$100 for an oval.
Yeah go ahead sir.
You know you always say Europe is great.
I just got back a couple days ago.
Yes.
It's been a few months.
I loved it.
I had a great time.
A problem I didn't counter though is the customer service there sucks.
The people don't want to work hard.
You asked me a question on the menu.
What is this?
Where was this?
I was in Spain for the majority of the trip.
Oh Spain sucks.
I was in Portugal for a while and I went to England for a bit.
No!
You were in Europe.
I thought you were in Europe you said.
I was in Europe.
You were in the periphery of Europe.
Whatever.
I was in Europe.
My first time there.
And I went and I was just I was somewhat disappointed with the lot this point actually with the customer service.
It wasn't there.
They got pissed off.
And I speak Spanish.
And they still I don't think they're like Americans.
Let me ask you something.
Why would somebody who lives here live where do you live?
I went on a study abroad program.
I live in London.
I'm in law school here and I went on a study abroad program and I just got six credits and it went.
We were in Spain for about five weeks.
I went to Portugal for a week.
I went to Germany for a week.
You haven't been in Europe man.
You need to go to Scandinavian countries and to Holland and Italy and Switzerland and to Germany.
If I dare say that you need to go to the real countries in Europe.
You were on the edges of it.
Have you ever been here?
Hello.
I'm here.
Have you ever been to Spain?
Yes.
It wasn't bad.
It was a great time.
Where about?
Where are you in Spain?
I went all over.
I first went to Madrid.
Yeah.
I just got that.
Madrid was a lot of...
It was a lot of...
I was at a Barcelona and then on the southern coast.
And then we went to...
I told you you went to Portugal and I wanted to brawl.
I found the Dreads suck to be honest with you.
I didn't like Madrid either.
I like Barcelona a lot better.
Never been there.
And the southern coast just reminded me a lot of down here is the beach and the same crap that's out here.
But forgetting about the service, I mean you can go anywhere and find something to bitch about.
But what about the people?
Where are the people, friends?
The people were cool.
The people were real nice.
I had no problem with the people.
But I'm just everywhere I went where you paid for a service kind of a service need.
A hotel.
They just threw...
I mean they were just...
They didn't want to be there.
They didn't want to work.
It was funny because I sent out a couple of postcards and over the buddy in line.
And we were like, there's two people in front of us in line.
Well let me ask you this.
Who do you think were the ancestors of the Mexicans?
The Spandards.
There you go.
Well the Spandards and the ancestors of every Latin.
Blazzy didn't want to work, right?
I mean they didn't want to start any stereotype about our Mexican friends.
Oh my goodness.
But it's the weather society function.
It's not...
It's...
They've known center of the work hard.
Who invented chocolate by the way the Mexicans are you aware of that?
The Aztecs invented chocolate.
They did that all bad.
Well listen, I'm glad you had a great time pal.
And next time you go back, go to some real countries.
Believe me.
Alright.
They'll treat you great.
Cool.
Yeah.
There's a guy who was in Europe and says it was pretty good except the service suck,
but that's because he was in Madrid.
That's what Isabella said that, you know, have you ever been to Spain?
5,6,7,0,5,60,0.5,60,0.5,60 on a mobile one line.
So you were this Indian thing man, you're always picking on the Indians.
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with the Indians?
They like to gamble.
They like to plunge their brains out.
We like the American Indians.
I mean at least we can do as go and give them their money.
The American Indians, yeah.
Yeah.
Nice people.
You're a coin.
Mm-hmm.
Right.
And there must be a whole bunch of other Indians.
Come on.
Let us come and hold some mickasook.
He's dead by the way.
Oh.
It's the beginning of the show.
I'm very depressed about that.
Anybody in the audience know who that was?
Oh.
No.
You know something.
Sometimes it's not so bad to be in a old fart.
Because when, look at all the stuff that you know and everybody else goes,
ha, lay like that.
You say, aha.
There's something I know that they don't.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
And Neil?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
It's one of the lets you know.
Even all your stick luck and everything.
You and Carvias and I are the only people know what's going on.
Yeah.
The last three of us, that's the start of a revolution right there.
That's right.
Doesn't take much.
The Miami-Herald fails to tell everybody.
He can talk about tax.
So all you're going to spend depending on your purchases.
What they fail to let the low-income people know that that sales tax is going to affect their telephone bills,
their water, their gas, their electricity.
And that's what they pay utilities on.
Right.
It's going to go up.
The landlord, most of these leases, these people have, have clauses that as soon as he gets a tax increase,
they can pass it on to them.
So they think they're just going to go to the store.
Oh, it's only a penny.
And it's going to be bad for the economy at Dave County because everybody is going to go to Broward.
People are going to make any kind of a major purchase.
They're going to go to Broward.
So people who are in business are going to less and less shop in Dave County.
Just overall, it's going to be an economic blow at the Dave County.
And then they are going to keep saying, the tourists are going to pay one third.
You have to have a tourist pay one third of my phone, gas, my water, or electricity.
So what could, you know, give me the tourists the pay one third of my car.
And then you buy a car in Dave County.
You think the tourists is going to come in and pay that extra one percent?
Not at all.
The other thing, the other point, the Harold Fales mentioned, and they gave Steerheim a big call.
Steerheim told us the same garbage 25 years ago.
He stood there and made the same faces and the same promises.
Don't these people remember?
This is the same person who told you these lives 25 years ago.
Right.
And he's up there doing it now.
Then we had the Steerheim Dyer show.
Now we got the Northern Pony show with Steerheim and Pinellas.
It's the same garbage.
How do you like that woman I called about that story about $30 for a yes vote?
I don't doubt that.
I don't doubt it.
That's how desperate they are.
And then the other thing, the last thing people don't realize,
the Miami-Dade Expressway Authority, a group of 12 people who are not elected,
who are passing taxes on, without any care of the public,
you think this tax is the derivative?
It only gets them bigger.
They can pass, like you said, once we pass this tax, if we pass it, okay?
And we get rid of the toll pauses.
Six months from now, they can put a toll pauses up anywhere they want.
Right.
We all abolish these idiots.
We had the Boston Tea Party to get rid of taxation or our representation.
We had to have the Miami-Toe Party and get rid of the taxing authority,
which is the Expressway Authority.
This tax doesn't even get rid of these people.
Amen.
They're still there, and they're going to be there.
And like you said, they're going to come back with new tolls.
And if you read the Herald, they're given the same wives.
The only paper I've read today is giving the truth.
It's a big if-if-the-fedge funded is the Sun's Sanctonal.
They're telling the truth.
Penny Gamble may not bring transit jackpot.
I got it right here.
That's right.
So where are these people living?
Okay, pal.
Vote early and often.
Thank you.
Okay.
Up to $100.
Okay.
Okay, for $150.
$560, $560, $560 on a mobile one line.
Only three days away, while we're coming down to the deadline.
I can't wait for Thursday.
That's how excited I am.
I don't even live in Dave County.
I think I'm going to vote 20 or 30 times.
Just to show them a thing or two.
Just make up some names.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
You know, I don't claim to know a lot about politics,
but it would seem to me that if the first time they said,
if they made a promise, the first time they said,
oh, it's going to work out.
And it's obvious that the Metro Rail is a flop.
Then why would people, I mean, why would they vote?
Yes, I just, I mean, I'm like I said,
I don't know a lot about politics.
It seems kind of obvious to me, you know?
Yeah, it would seem obvious.
I would think that the poll would be about 80 to 20 percent
against it, the people in this town had got any brains.
But you got to understand it's a very transient town
and how many people who are here right now were here 20 years ago.
Most people weren't here.
Has it been 20 years since that last vote?
That's right.
20 years.
Well, you're right.
You got a lot of people moving to Broward.
But I mean, still, doesn't word spread?
Don't people, well...
And don't forget a lot of people can use 30 bucks.
Yeah, yeah, definitely, Neil.
Hey, Neil, another thing.
Yes, sir.
How come this town, none of the girls,
none of the girls put out nothing.
Nothing, there's no good around here.
Yeah.
Well, that's all I got to say.
I guess.
Got to come out.
Maybe that 30 bucks might be a good start.
30 bucks for these tickets?
Vote two or three times, man.
It might work out for you.
Haha.
Don't be thirsty, though.
Yeah.
How about if they do that?
How about they bring in some hookers from out of town?
And then they can get all the guys to go out and vote.
Yes, huh?
They might do it.
Or at least they promised to vote.
Yes, then they go in there and...
No.
A few times.
Yeah, that's it.
Tom, you'll take the $30 and then go in there and vote.
No, anyway.
That's a hell of a good idea.
Well, they're going to be looking over your shoulders.
Is that the deal?
Uh-huh.
5.670 or they're going to punch it up for you.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the mobile one line.
We never had a first election this time.
Did we ever know?
We never had dead people vote.
They're just sitting there waiting to put the squeeze on again
and to pull the ball over your eyes and make a lot of money
for those big construction companies for all these greedy bastards.
They're the only ones that are going to gain from this,
the only ones.
And of course, Merritt's theorheim, he gains because naturally he continues
to run his little empire.
And Mayor Penga, he gains because it's another feather in his political cap
so we can move on to be like Carl Heisen says,
whatever you know, Governor Corleone, Senator Corleone,
vice president Corleone, whatever it is he thinks he's going to be someday.
We already know what he is now.
He's an asshole.
Exactly.
Oh!
Don't look into you anymore!
Here I am!
For the lottery day!
Rolling sexy, feeling kinky, feeling old,
then coming to Fredrick's in Hollywood, Florida.
Retirement Haven to the elderly.
So you wear a plastic caribou on it when it's sunny out
and a fur coat during the summer, big deal.
That doesn't mean you can't don some crotchless panties
in a barbed wire broth tonight.
What, honey?
Look at these rubber panties.
You'd look great in these.
No grandma, check out this G-string and see through Halterdock's combination.
What?
Oh, that is just nice, dear.
I can see myself really getting into that little number.
Tent you?
Bring the husband.
Bring your family.
Bring your bed nurse.
And come into Fredrick's in Hollywood, Florida.
Look for one of the retirement community near you.
Oh!
Minute after 11 and 560 WQMG Mad Dog Mandage
for Hank today, two o'clock from Shula State, too.
Six o'clock we got the talking baseball with Donnie baseball
and 630 we got to pregame the Marlins at the Phillies.
Biggie tonight at the 705.
560-560, £560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
First of all, thanks for all the entertainment
and focusing attention on things of importance here, you know, on everything.
Have you touched on, I know you're talking about this 1% sales tax increase for the Metro Rail.
Yes, sir.
Have you touched on the article in today's Miami Herald about the tax break for elderly homeowners
and how it connects with this tax?
No.
Okay, on the first page, do you have the Herald?
Yes, I do.
Do you see where it says tax would fund 90 new miles?
Wait a minute.
One moment please.
Where is that Herald?
Where the hell is it?
Here it is, you got it.
Yeah?
Okay, then run across from it.
It says new tax break aimed at elderly homeowners.
Not on my paper, it doesn't.
I got the power to do it.
Oh, in the front page of the front section?
Yeah, on the first section.
Broward edition is different.
Okay, in the day edition it says right across from that it says new tax break aimed at elderly homeowners.
I'll cut to the chase.
On page three, the article follows up.
What they want to do is they want to have an exemption for senior citizens in the day.
And it says that the total revenue loss would be over $5 million a year.
And it says, and I quote,
the county would reimburse cities for at least a portion of their loss under Penelope's penny sales tax plan up for voter approval on Thursday.
But city officials are still concerned.
This money is going to have to be made up somewhere.
Typically that means a decrease in service or increase in the tax rate for everyone else.
So, you know, this man lied to us right off the bat because of vote for Penelope.
I thought it was a vote against the arena.
Right.
That turned out to be not true.
Right.
And now, nobody seems to talk about that.
Here's this tax that's being added on to, you know, for natural rail, which is worthless.
I mean, anyway, nobody's going to use it.
Right.
And they don't say anything about that.
Oh, guess what?
There's going to be extra monies and we're going to give a tax break to all these other people.
Well, the only people they tell about that are the old parts that they run around to the condos, pandering with them, telling them that they're going to get a tax break and how they better go out and vote yes.
See, they basically put enough plums in here for everybody.
There's something for old people.
There's something for the bus riders.
There's something for everybody to try to kind of public into this unbelievable boom doggle so we can do with the make the same mistake again.
Right.
Let me ask you one last thing.
In your addition, does it have a map of where Metro Rail with this new 90 miles is going to go?
I don't see it.
It's on page four in the data edition.
Don't see it.
Anyway, so there's 90 new miles and seven new lines.
The major renovation for this thing is going to go from the port of Miami to the airport.
Yeah.
And then from there, it's going to go up to Pro Player.
No, no God in the Broward Edition.
You don't have it.
No.
It's really amazing.
Is there any talk about like either Wayne or the dolphins or the cruise line contributing any money for now for this expansion or is this entirely going to fall on the taxpayers?
Wayne?
Yeah, for Pro Player.
I mean, it's going to be used for the games.
Oh, you mean the Metro Rail?
Right.
You think that Wayne is going to pay money for this?
Oh, yeah, right.
How about Mickey?
Just like Wayne paid to build an access road there off the Soggress, didn't he?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
Yeah, Wayne's going to pay for it.
By the way, you know, we were at Rootscristers.
They mentioned that on Friday show.
And he's as much as I enjoy that place.
And by the way, thanks for the free meal.
As much as I love that place, it's great.
The drive over there, if you live anywhere except in Fort Lauderdale, it's impossible.
The drive from West Broward, it took me 45 minutes.
Not a grant you was like six o'clock in the afternoon, but I'm going to tell you, it was just unbelievable.
And the idea of a stadium somewhere anywhere in downtown Fort Lauderdale, even assuming that we had enough people who cared or that we had a team that anybody had deserved to pay to go see.
A stadium in downtown.
And as soon as they come up with these cockle-aimed things, you get all these commissioners jumping on a bad wagon and some of the people on the radio.
Oh, yeah, that's a great idea.
How do you get there?
Is there any way to get there?
No.
It's ridiculous.
On the face of it, it's ludicrous.
Anybody ever tried driving east like east of a 441 in Oakland on sunrise.
I'm Broward.
I'm commercial.
No matter what time of the day, two o'clock in the afternoon, whenever the hell it is, you just want to blow your brains out.
It's hopeless.
Talk about congestion for Lauderdale is like virtual gridlock.
So we're going to have a stadium downtown.
There it is.
For John Henry and a 6,000-foot yacht.
Here's Boka.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Every time I'm down here, it's such a pleasure to listen to one of South Florida's gems and I appreciate it every time.
And there's so many rip-off Bob Square radio guys like Jim Phillips and Orlando.
We had about two weeks ago, we had a whole bunch of people calling in here giving me a song of the dance about Jim Phillips.
And then the real calls are coming in saying that he sucks.
Yeah, he's the wannabe.
He's the wannabe and he can't hold a candle to you.
I got news for you.
There are so few talented talk people in this country that if Jim Phillips really had serious talent, he wouldn't be sitting in Orlando all these years.
I know, that's true because Orlando is a bummed-hound.
But it's you guys like you, Phil Henry, Steve Dahl and a few others.
Okay.
That are legends.
Hey, man.
Hey, finally, you know, I see what you're saying and I agree with most of what you're saying.
If not everything about this stupid metro rail thing, they keep in mind that transit systems in just about every city lose money.
And it's more of a public service thing.
But this sounds like a complete booze all around here that won the metro rail because that's nothing like the one in New York.
Sure, let me tell you something.
There are certain cities like Los Angeles, for example, in Miami because of the geographical lay of the land because they're so big and spread out, there's no like central area like a downtown that anybody really wants to go to unless they work there.
We're still already got that on the metro rail.
And Matt transit here is a joke.
It's an impossibility. It's not the answer.
It's to spread out. You're right.
And keep up the good work.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Thanks for the yes, Chuck.
Oh, I can't say that. Can I say that?
No.
Can't say that. No one to get the FCC.
The Federal censorship commission all upset again.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And by the way, before the week is out, we'll find out who filed a complaint.
And we will tell you about that on the year, by the way.
We will tell you that's going to be real interesting to find that out.
Here's a mobile in the game.
Well, hello.
And you know, yes, sir.
You know, one thing is that it's I don't know if I can say this, but I went to school with merit here, high and daughter.
Yeah.
I don't know if I can say this with like her dad, running, groving, slut.
The other thing was that guy you called up a little while ago about Spain.
Yeah.
Would that to no fag in the church boy?
No.
Noted like him.
No, it wasn't. Have a great day, pal.
Get your ears.
Get, though, a little taxi build up in there, I think.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Lots of openings here on the board.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You can tell these people are really pissed up and filed off.
No.
Aren't they?
No.
Aren't they fired off?
Nine minutes after a live.
We got some other news on here besides John, John.
Oh, thank God.
They got Bill Humper back on there and they're talking about some missing plane in Colombia.
Which, that's unfortunate, of course, but at least it's some different piece of news story than that John, John stuff.
I mean, get over it already.
Will you please, please, please, I'm begging you crazy people in the media.
He's still dead.
Want a lorry top, little boy?
In theaters now, from the director of Leave It to Bieber and the producer of The Spy, who shagged me.
It's The Spy, who shagged Bieber.
So I'll make you honing.
Yeah, I know that feeling.
So I'll make you honing, baby.
Yeah, too honk.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
You've ruined me, baby.
Joey Shag now or Joey Shaggy?
I've still got the breakfast and I've never seen a deal.
Just the spy who shags Bieber.
You've got the spy who shags Bieber.
Oh, be nice.
When you tell C's this, it's back to the coach who I'm going to use.
Yeah, baby.
1114 at 560 WQM, the scum centralist morning says,
Penny Gamble may not bring transit jackpot.
Just a couple of short paragraphs to put some things in better perspective.
It says, if Miami-Dade County voters decide this Thursday, they want to pay a penny more per dollar in sales tax to underwrite public transit.
They would get more buses, but no guarantee that new metro rail lines will be built.
They would see tools on four major roads that disappear, but watch new toll booths poop up, pop up on other roads and poop up.
They would invest in a sweeping mass transit plan to curb congestion.
One transportation experts and even supporters say may not put a big debt in Miami-Dade's growing gridlock.
Hmm.
And like Carl Huyerson says, estimated cost of that extra train track, that extra metro rail, $100 million a mile.
Let's hear it.
What a bargain, huh?
Tim Fossilman in Miami faxes me this.
Let her recent to the editor of the hero, but she doubts she'll make it in there.
He says, legislated gridlock, you didn't need a crystal ball back in June 96 to predict that we'd be unable to meet the challenge brought on by expanded development within the county.
I passed in the ordinance emitting the 1993 5 cents capital improvement, local option gas tax.
The county commission guaranteed the worst thing in present roadways and reduction in planned improvements.
In what I see is the false grand gesture, the county commission reduced the then 5 cents gas tax by 2 cents.
We are now asked to exchange a once and increase in the sales tax rate for the discarded 2 cents a gallon gas tax.
Had the county commission acted in proper fashion in 1996, we might not have some of the problems generated by three years of lost revenue.
I've always felt the best way to generate tax revenue in support of transit is to tax transit sources.
The obvious revenue sources, the local option gas tax.
The parent of a school child in a child needing to purchase yet more school supplies in November shouldn't be subjected to an additional sales tax.
I call upon those planning on voting on Thursday July 29th to vote.
No.
Says Tim, only this will force the county commissioner to consider better options to provide reliable and safe transit throughout the county.
Just vote.
No.
What Tim says.
What anybody with a brain will tell you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, Dr. Mark.
What happened to Dr. Mark?
I didn't make him wait.
Hello.
Dr. Mark, you'll have to call back.
Bad phone.
Maybe he has his phone thing ran out.
What happened to my good close personal friend, Dr. Mark?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe that's him again right now.
Should I wait?
Maybe Dr. Mark would like to hear the results of my blood test that I had last Thursday.
Here's my any.
Hello.
What is going on with the phone now, all of a sudden?
Miami.
Okay, great.
Let's try West Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Sir.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
Hey, I agree with you 100%.
This whole tax thing sucks.
You know the one that they should be taking the money out of are those fat bastards like Rick's head.
Okay, great.
Let's talk to some adults here, all of a sudden.
What's this happening around my phone there?
What just happened?
A half my calls just got farted off of the phone, huh?
I'm starting to get a little bit paranoid about what's going on here right now.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
What do you give me for?
That's a big good end to me.
Dr. Mark.
Oh, it's Dr. Mark.
Well, like I said.
I had a choice.
It was either the phone or my car.
So I chose my car.
Thank you very much.
Yeah.
Anyway, I left a message at your residence.
I've been in and out of class all week and I have another week to go.
Yeah.
So I was willing even, I'm in West Broward all day.
I was willing to even make a meeting somewhere or a house call or whatever to do.
You're way behind the times.
I had my blood done on Thursday.
I heard that just now.
I'm happy.
You're a man of great patience that I knew that you'd wait for me, sir.
No, I'm not a man of great patience.
My cholesterol was 209.
Excellent.
After three months of not taking the prevo call, my triglycerides were 110.
And I'm still waiting for my homo-system, which will take as you know another few days.
Yeah, well, you're doing what you're kind of about it, you know that.
Right.
Anyway, I'm off the glionation amount of the glucophage, which seems to be working very well for me.
Very good.
I'm happy.
I'm using my vacation time to further my education.
Right.
I'm taking classes out in West Broward at one of the hospitals out here.
And I also wanted to call and vow that if the...
Wow!
There we are.
Yes, we're headed out towards the university's drive.
Anyway, I wanted to vow that anything that cost more than $100, I will drive the Broward for
if this...if the tax passes.
Right.
Your show has always been influential and I think that the polls going in the other direction show that your position is going to be the one that wins, I think, our position I'll say.
If it costs more than $100, this is my tax more than $1, I will easily drive the Broward in fact.
When this thing passes, it's going to increase the congestion on the road because everybody's going to be driving it with the Broward.
Right.
That's all I want to say.
Okay, Mark.
You want to...I'll leave my tax number with George later on and if you want to send that over to me, I'll be happy to take a look at it.
Okay, hang on.
Okay, but tell them I don't have it yet, but when I get the actual printout, I'll send it over.
Okay, $5.670, $5.60, $5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
If you join us in this hour, if you miss the first hour, it's right there on page 14A and a Broward is...
See, when I'm talking about the hero, evidently, there's so much difference between the two county additions.
Maybe they figured they can't get away with as much propaganda in the Broward edition, I don't know.
But on 14A and yesterday's Broward hero, they got the pull results from the Aherald and Channel 6 pull of 600 voters who said that they were certain to vote this third day in the erection.
And according to this poll, it's nip and tuck.
It is nose to nose, whereas last month in June, it was 50 to 39% in favor.
Now it's 46, 45% in favor and dropping fast.
And of course, keep in mind, back in June, nobody had spent one dime to oppose it.
But now, as they're starting to see both sides of the story, more and more people are saying,
white non-Hispanics us anglos were the ones who better turn out in big numbers.
If I lived in Dade County, I'd vote 75 times even for free on Thursday, just to say over and over again.
No.
Blacks pretty close, but very depressing.
48% say yes and 41% say no.
Why do blacks in Dade County want higher sales tax?
Does that make any sense to anybody with a brain?
Somebody on those stations, somebody on jams there, mandates keep stocking, he's listening to 99 jams.
They better interrupt the rat crap for not long enough time to get somebody on there to wake these bastards up, okay?
And tell them just say to another boom doggo.
And then of course we got that Hispanic problem because it's Mayor Alpingo's tax.
So naturally, we got a little bit of a problem there, a big problem.
Although even there are the numbers are getting closer and closer and more and more of the Julios are saying.
No.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hi, I'm a friend.
Okay, sir.
Now, one thing is, nobody has noticed how Mayor Pinellas or Appi-Yas, as you would say,
how he's promising a piece of the pie to anybody and everybody.
Everybody's in on the action of this.
Everything is, there's not enough pie to go around.
And second of all, I just want to say to your listeners, remember the half-pending that we voted for for Jackson,
and now Jackson Memorial Hospital is in fiscal trouble.
I mean, they did an audit on him and I mean, there's gross miscellaneous.
And it's pretty hard to have a pie to divvy up among anybody when you got a losing project,
when you're losing tons and tons of cash, and then of course the taxpayers have to wind up subsidizing it.
Of course, like always.
Yeah.
See you later, sir.
Okay, sir.
Vote early and often, pal.
Just say, no.
Like Nancy Reagan, even with Sanders, stupid little red dress.
No. No.
He's standing, Nancy, just say, to the bureaucrats, to the bullcrap artists.
You know, this, this, Pinellas, he's as slippery as grease. I'll take it at.
I mean, talk about smooth and slick and slippery.
He must be, he must be dipped in olive oil or something.
Dipped in crap.
Err, he comes along, makes a big song to dance.
He gets elected. He's going to oppose.
He's not going to sit back and let Mickey Erison run, date County.
He's not going to let one dime a taxpayer money, and then Mickey comes along and, oh, yeah,
I'll put up the money to build it.
But then of course the County will have to subsidize and run it forever and ever and ever.
And Mayor Pingas says, oh, yeah, I got a great deal for you guys.
This is after after he already got elected based on saying no.
Then he says, yes.
He was the one that was against increasing the sales tax.
And all of a sudden now it's a great deal for everybody.
And now the one he's pushing it like he's got a hernia.
And like Carl Hyson says, long, long after the taxpayers in date County are stuck here,
having to pay the increased sales tax and having to suffer the fallout from yet another
boom dog will be long gone, long gone with his political career in one hand and got only
knows in the other hand.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi. How are you?
Great. You show as good as always.
I live in Broward. Thank God.
But I'm just listening to this for the past four weeks.
Did I hear you say $100 million per mile?
That is absolutely correct, sir.
Oh, my God.
I was thinking how many Metro date buses can we build for $100 million?
You know, also, how much more highway could we build for $100 million?
Oh, my God.
Yeah, you can report what I know.
I know people don't like highways, but you know something.
It's a driving area.
It's all a sound Florida.
It's a driving place.
People use their automobiles because that's the lay of the land.
That's just the way it is.
That was my second point.
Number one.
I mean, how many people actually use the transit system metro rail?
Not many.
Most people drive.
Right.
So what good is this crap going to do anyway?
Most people want to drive their own car.
It's just a rip off.
And then why don't they increase the metro rail prices to drive the rail to support the new system that they want to build?
Instead of trying to build the tax payers, it don't even use it.
Oh, I'm wondering if they're famous for that here.
Taxing people for things that they'll never use.
Just like they want the taxpayers to build a new baseball stadium, a new playtoy for this big-end air John Henry.
And 99% of us will never go there.
Yep, you got it.
And you know what?
And it's one of the things real quick.
I'm going to let you go.
I don't see how this thing can pass because I know a lot of the voters are out of town and you keep stressing that.
But how can they pass the tax that they're not going to get the votes for?
You know what I'm saying?
There's too many people that will not use the transit system.
So I don't think they'd vote for it.
Now you're talking logically and it's just like back 20 years ago when they passed it the first time,
logic would tell you that nobody in Homestead, which is so many miles from anywhere the metro rail went in or will go now,
nobody there would have any reason to be willing to pay extra taxes to build a road train system that goes to nowhere.
And yet supposedly, the late at night, all the votes that put it over the top came in from way down there in Cutler Ridge and Homestead and Downer, where the metro rail doesn't go.
Yeah, well they probably used a thousand alias names for one person.
I think that's how they got that pass.
Okay, pal. Thanks, guy.
I'll do it.
Just say no. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, you know, if you like going to short east for ribs, I guess it's fine.
Or if you want to shop at Dateland, or if you want to go downtown, you work downtown.
Anybody short of that? Forget it.
Hey, to break the news to you, Mayor penis, but there are these amazing things with four wheels in the steering wheel and engine.
They're called automobiles. And with the elected and not, I know there's pollution involved and a lot of meth.
You got to build more roads. And by the way, keep in mind like it says in a scum centenile where they tell it like it is,
four tool boots going to disappear if this thing passes.
And as many as 11 more are going to pop up on roads all over in a very short time.
The mayor doesn't tell you about that.
All they do is do everything in their power to spring that 25 cent increase on those four roads.
At a time when nobody really knew about it and causes much congestion and take all the pictures of it.
And of course the local news media are very willingly as usual goes right along willing co-conspirators,
putting all the pictures of all the frustrated drivers on.
Oh my god. And you know something now that they've had a couple of weeks of time pass and people know that the 50 cent tool is on there.
Do we see any more of that crap?
It doesn't take any longer to pay 50 cents that it takes to pay a quarter.
Yeah. How about that, huh?
Yeah.
Wow. Figure that out.
Sit down with your calculator and figure that out with your advocates.
Holy mackerel! This is Joe Bowen the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf.
Hey!
You're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God!
And I'll sign for language lesson of the day.
Repeat after me.
Nipapa, Estaba in Albanyo.
Oh, Estaba posible.
Algo Estamuerto, IE.
Which means my father must have been in the bathroom.
Either that or something died in there.
Haas de la bamba.
Hey, this is kind of interesting.
It says, I remember when I attended Miami Senior High back in 1988.
88, 88.
We used to have people running for mayor and Commissioner of Miami come in and visit us every time.
The funny thing I can remember is they would pay clubs, money for helping them advertise and also for their vote.
25 dollars might not seem to be too much.
Because when I was 18 years old, we would pay for some good times.
How do you like that?
They were paying them for their vote.
They were 18 old enough to go vote.
They were paying them whatever was.
I was about 25 years old with inflation.
PS, smoke too long hits for me.
But wait five minutes after my thanks so I could run downstairs and hear it.
Oh, I hear it.
I play it.
I thought he meant to do it.
Oh, we can't do that because then the FCC will really be here and reekay.
We're smoking weed on the air by the way.
Everyone everywhere knows we're smoking marijuana on a radio.
Okay, here on 560 WQAM.
Right now, Joe was smoking in Georgia, smoking in.
And I got a guy named BigBong going right here.
Okay, right off to my left.
Big one.
There you go.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're doing it.
Crazy people, the Federal censorship commission.
Like I said before, a bunch of anal-retended assholes got nothing better to do with our tax money
that we're paying so they can decide what's notty and what's nice and what you can say and what's funny and what's not.
Crazy people.
Here's a mobile and Davey.
Hello.
Mobile and Davey.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, how are you?
Great.
Listen, I was involved in the marketing, the original Metro Rail.
Yeah.
And we had a real hard process.
We couldn't forget how to market it because it didn't go anywhere.
So we siloed away three sheets on it for the first week.
First day was open.
19 sheets were cut with knives.
Brand new trains.
All right.
All right.
Did those go a good job or not?
Yeah, that's great.
Anyway, I thought you'd like to hear about that.
Well, what do you expect people that can't afford to ride it, at least they can chop it up a little bit and be facet?
It was amazing.
It was amazing.
All right, great.
Neil, thank you.
Thanks for the good news.
5, 6, 7, just say.
No.
No, Thursday, okay?
Not too many people here.
So if you're one of them, just go out there.
If you're registered voting, Dave County just go out and say, no.
20 or 30 or 40 times.
We just checked with up to $250 of vote.
For every no vote, we'll pay you $300 bucks.
The bees will take care of it.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah, Neil.
Good morning.
Good morning, sir.
I was still laughing about what the sound of your bomb on the radio.
That's great.
Sorry.
Yeah.
It's not a joke.
We want everybody at the FDC to know if they were smoking marijuana right here on the air, okay?
In fact, when they see the white smoke signals come out of the top of the building, you'll know that the Neil's been elected as the new pope.
Well, I was going to make some serious comment here.
Go ahead, please.
On the transit issue, it responded a couple things that I heard you say.
And since we are located in Dave County, we want Mayor Pingot to know that we're breaking the law right here in Dave County.
We're smoking weed on the air.
So you better send the Metro cops over here right now and bust us. Go ahead.
They're probably on their way.
I bet they are.
They're probably riding Metro right now.
I think they're there.
What they don't realize is they can lock me up. I live in Broward so I can't vote anyway.
Go ahead.
I was just curious as to, you know, a couple of things.
One thing you indicated was that you need to build more highways and then Dave County.
Yes, sir.
With the spread and sprawl, but there is here.
That's very, very true.
And it's very...
And let me tell you something, sir.
I hate to interrupt you, but you know, back 20 years ago, when they started with this Metro rail horseball,
a lot of us were screaming then.
The myth of this Dixie Highway business, Dixie Highway is not a highway as you know.
All it is is just a piece of crap road with stoplights every two blocks.
And that's just so congested that you want to blow your brains up.
That was what needed to be corrected with that so-called South Dixie Highway.
So that all of South, they could have some breathing room, but they didn't do that.
Instead, they built that elevated train that nobody rides and doesn't go anywhere except to the front of the herald building.
Well, that's unfortunate that people don't use it.
And of course, they never built it.
Well, they don't use it because it doesn't go where people want to go.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know that I would be...
I personally wouldn't be so quick to say that.
They promised a feeder line to that Metro rail that would go all up and down in the different communities in the suburbs, both South and North.
Did it happen?
No.
Well, they had one, the thing called cat, kindle area is something.
Yeah, yeah.
And that was about it where it was needed where the people would have the most usage here.
I don't like to be racist or anything, but in the lower income areas, they tend to use public transit more than others.
And at the same time, there's not one single mass transit or public transportation system in this country that is self-supporting.
It just can't be, as far as people just don't like to pay for.
But anyhow, it's an extension of the highway system.
How do you intend to finance that through Dave County?
Because that's a joint venture of the state, the feds, and the county.
Yeah.
And they need a dedicated source.
The state of Florida, because I've heard you rail about them also, is pretty miserably about building highway structures down here.
Always seem to be doing this constantly, widening, I-95, and rebuilding the Palmetto.
And up north, I mean up in the north part of this state, they got some marvelous highways like I-10 that goes nowhere to nowhere.
And it gets to be silly.
I mean, this is a big, huge, urban area.
I think there must be at least two and a half million people here.
Well, I mean, that's not that many.
But pretty damn close.
We're in Dave County?
Yeah, over to me, didn't you?
Yeah, so, and it's spread out like crazy.
And you got to have some kind of an efficient transportation system, and you got to have some way to pay it.
Well, sir, let me, let me say this to you, after the $100 boom dog about 20 years ago,
when I looked at the highest and said, there's no guarantee that any of this extra rail, the metro rail is going to be built.
There's no guarantees at all that it'll even ever happen.
I understand that, because-
So, what's the point of the people of Dave County, forkin' out an extra 1% sales tax on everything that they buy virtually?
If it was dedicated for highway improvement, you see?
But it's not.
Well, I just want to say, guys, in the back, before if they would be using the local option gas tax for highway improvement, then you've got something.
But the commission took that away?
Yes.
You know, I mean, they were out there saving their-
So why isn't-
So why isn't the mayor trying to bring it back?
Well, he was on the commission when he puffed it.
I couldn't answer that question.
I mean, I'm not a politician.
Well, I think the best deal is just hang out in the corner and have a great day.
Good luck, you've got it.
Very great.
See, that's why we're smoking the wicked stuff here today, because we're so depressed with all the corrupt politicians and people trying to buy votes for 30 bucks a pop.
Hey, we're willing to pay 420.
430. 430 votes for a vote on Thursday.
Just send the invoice to the beesleys.
Of course, you may not live long enough to connect.
Collect it. How's that guy up in Brinmore, New Jersey, by the way, getting it yet?
No.
How about George, with that first appearance he did, member of Georgia's first appearance that Prime Co was a little bit rusty?
Do you get paid for that yet?
No.
No.
What was it?
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, of course, we don't have money to pay you for that stuff anymore.
With these fines we may be getting now, you know?
Which, by the way, nice job on a local media really covering that story.
Excellent.
But they got leave on on the front page of the hero.
Front page of the hero, leave on is resigning tearfully.
Are there more than seven people who give a flying crap about that?
No.
No.
Hey, there's a new show in town that opened this weekend at the drama center called Naked Boy Thinking.
It's a must see.
A huge success in Los Angeles for more than a year and a half.
It opened simultaneously off Broadway in New York as well as South Florida to rave reviews.
Naked Boy singing is an outrageous new musical review revolving around male nudity.
I don't think we can say that because the Federal censorship commission gets real upset about body parts.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
Listen to me.
This is stand by and steam for so for King.
You understand where everything is held to the high so for King's standards.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's so fucking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And so for King's price is not just low.
There's so fucking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say so for King at the beautiful store, I mean so for King beautiful.
When I say the staff is helpful, I mean so for King helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the so for King and enjoy a selection that's so for King huge.
A staff that's so fucking courteous and pricey said is so fucking low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied, custom of Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You said it, Frankie.
So fucking good.
It's 11.44 at 5.60 WQAM.
Everybody says basically on Thursday, okay?
Just keep that in mind because they're trying to would appear based on that one call we got, which we can't verify.
But it's here wouldn't surprise me especially in a corrupt place like David County.
Maybe some people might try to have their votes bought.
That would be a first one that oh yeah.
And by the way something great.
I want to look at a positive side.
Something sensational happened this weekend.
The reem forum party just said to Ross Piro.
They said go away you silly old man.
Roll up your sleeves and go away and do do do all over the place.
Get out of our face.
Nice going Jesse.
I'm going to tell you right now that Jesse the body of Intura on their before party will run for president sometime in our lifetime and I'm predicting he'll win.
I think so.
He'll get my vote.
In fact I would go I would go vote 40 or 50 times for him.
Because unlike Ross Piro who turned the reform party into a bunch of simple things who didn't say anything but a lot of glittering generality.
Roll up your sleeves and do do you know what crap that he was doing.
This guy actually has got some ideas.
In fact Jesse the body says he'll come over to your house and the help you.
Right.
With a little problem he got there.
By the way we're smoking some bad weed here.
I want everybody at the government to know about that.
What's your assholes?
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Yeah how you doing?
Okay sir.
I work in living work in Miami.
I'm sure.
I know.
But listen to this number.
I make a modest income.
So if I am looking at these numbers.
If I spend $30,000 on taxable income.
Yes sir.
That means my tax is one of $300.
And if I buy a car which I plan to do for a lousy $20,000.
They're going to hit me with another $200 in sales tax on that.
Right.
So that means this next year my tax is going to go up $500.
They're talking of penny sales tax.
But my personal tax on a modest income is going up $500.
Right.
So if I get a $500.
Of course how many times would you have to go through those four toll boots in order to pay or however many other toll boots they put in for that $500.
That's 50 cents a pop.
This is unbelievable.
I'm looking at a $500 tax increase to save 25 cents a few times a year.
This is unbelievable.
But if they market it that way they'll never get a vote.
They talk about one lousy penny.
In the meantime I'm looking at a $500 increase in expenses next year.
These people are asshole.
Right.
Just say no.
Please.
That's right.
Have a good day.
Okay.
We're going to get them on Thursday, man.
I'm going to tell you something.
Even if I got the walking pneumonia, I'm going to be your on Thursday encouraging begging, pleading.
We're up to $500 for a vote.
For every vote no on Thursday.
Okay.
Joe Costello says he'll take care of it personal.
In fact, you know how we always send the guys out in the van in the QAM van.
What we're going to do is we're going to have Sam and Chris Sam in the FU.
We're going to be out there Thursday handing out $100 bills to everybody who votes.
No.
Maybe five or six of those if you're lucky.
Okay.
Because we got to counteract the corruption and they county those people that are handing out offering $30 for a yes vote.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, ma'am.
Good morning.
I really enjoy your show, Neil.
Thank you.
But to give my two cents of opinion on the comment.
To begin with, the mayor, he's a fraud.
As you mentioned, he did state prior to election.
No arena was going to be vote.
It wasn't.
It didn't get the seat hot.
And he.
That's right.
His ass wasn't even warm on the seat before he said it.
And he made a deal with the owners.
That's right.
Two years ago, I think it was.
We voted to save our parents home for amendment three.
This was supposed to be to save our parents and for the elderly.
That there'll be a cap on their taxes over the property because they're on a fixed income.
They don't get enough income to pay the taxes.
And now this gentleman that spoke earlier said that this penny taxes related to the elderly.
I don't see how because we voted for this amendment two years ago.
And it never was put in place.
And now they're probably saying it in the Miami Herald to get the elderly to vote again.
Right.
There you go.
I mean, forget it.
This guy, he's beyond belief.
Just say no.
No.
Okay.
Practice for two days.
Okay.
Now what was that about our lunch today about the good friend Brad Attonis?
Who loves us?
Yeah.
He launches on its way and no problem whatsoever.
But he wants to know who is this JP guy who orders food on the weekend and then doesn't want to pay for it and talk to you.
And he was my name.
And I don't know what story he told the driver.
Yeah.
Brad was very nice about it and everything like that.
But he wants to collect the bill from this JP guy who he doesn't know from Joe Castello.
Yeah.
I know.
Yeah.
Apparently, his sketching food thinks that he's on the free food list.
He is.
He's on the free food list.
He can get whatever he wants.
But if he doesn't, Brad doesn't know that.
When you look like that, you can get whatever you want.
That's what I said.
Brad doesn't know from him.
I love him from his toes all the way to the top of his head.
That's for you, Squidward.
Now I don't want to get involved in the middle of that.
Don't go messing up our free lunches, JP.
Plus tell Brad he's going to be leaving the couple weeks going back to Geensville anyway.
And he wants his money from this kid.
How much?
Twenty bucks or something.
I'll take care of it.
Okay.
All depending.
Okay.
Here's the letter by the way from Jerry Growlick and Miami.
You know, it's always a good idea to fax something across out your last name when it's in the newspaper.
Because then it makes it, then it's a sure bet.
I'm going to use your name on here.
Why would a guy say to letter the editor of the hero and then fax me a copy of it and cross out his last name?
Because I got the hero sitting right here.
So in actually being a real wise guy like I am, I open up the hero and there's a good letter.
Jerry Growlick and Miami says mayor Alex Pinga is a clever political trickster and a typical tax and spend liberal.
He campaigned against public financial participation and the American Airlines arena.
And then after his election, reverse his decision.
Now he's trying to deceive the voters with misleading language on a ballot regarding the 1% sales tax increase.
As well as the nature of the project that'll be financed.
He'll get his tax increase because nowhere, away to the ear, the line that Jerry uses.
Nowhere is the dumbing of America more prevalent than in Miami, Dave County.
Jerry Growlick and Miami, who faxes me the same letter and crosses out his last name.
Jerry, it's a great letter but how could you be that stupid to think I'm not going to look at the paper?
And then why would you, why would you, why would you, why would you, why would you, your name printed in the paper?
But you don't want it on this show.
You see what I'm saying? Does that make any sense to you?
No.
Great letter, Jerry Growlick.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And we had one call. Oh, and by the way, did we get a call about the METRE Tirtitiony yet?
I mentioned this hot sports station of ours here. I mentioned we haven't even talked about that yet on our big hot shot sports station.
Jocostello sitting in there with his finger in his nose wondering who the hell is that?
Dimitri Tirtitiony. Number 5 for the Philadelphia Flyers 22-year-old offenseman who was killed the tragic voting accident this weekend.
He fell overboard in the motor. The blade sliced his neck wide open and they pulled him up on the bone. He just bled to death.
Yeah.
With his lovely young wife back there in Russia, probably in Siberia now.
22-years-old tremendous young player he did.
Did not we get any coverage on that to speak out? No.
John John, they're still hocking away on John John John.
Martin Gronski, he entertained me in his dull boring way without a Gronski in company.
So I used to enjoy that. I used to be on channel 10 for about 100 years. I used to watch that.
There's some dull people on there but nevertheless they once in a while had something to say.
Killed some time. He entertained me. He's dead. Is there not even one comment about that?
But John John because his last name was Kennedy.
I said to somebody in the airport yesterday in Toronto, I said, you know something, if it wouldn't have been to me treat to a Tishney,
if it would have been Sheldon Kennedy, the former, the abused hockey player, if it would have been him that got killed in the voting accident,
it would have got a lot of publicity because his last name was Kennedy.
And the guy said, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
here's a model in Port Saint-Lucy, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I keep books for several companies up in Saint-Lucy and Martin County.
And a couple of them do deliveries in other counties that have higher tax rates.
When they get their money from the company and then they fill out their coupon that goes to the state,
all we do is just itemize the total amount of money that came from a higher tax county.
And that money gets sent to the state.
And then the state takes it, puts it in a fund, and then divides it among the counties that have that higher rate.
So there's no guarantee that day counties even get that penny.
I mean, that's how ridiculous all thing is.
Thanks for the good news.
Sorry.
OK.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got, look at it, 6,000 open lines here.
We're three days away from this bitter election, from this another fraud in this town.
Does anybody give a credit?
Oh, no.
Oh, they're same.
He'll take care of it.
By the way, don't forget Sam's going to be out there on election day in a QA and van, handing out $500 to everybody who comes by who promises to vote.
No.
From his own bank account, too, by the way.
These leaves are too cheap.
They won't pay for it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hi, Alia.
Hi, it's Hello.
Yes.
Yes, Neil, I'm calling.
I heard you comment what you made about the Black people voting on the tax hide.
I just would like to say at first I was kind of angry because you used to work Black.
But then I had to turn around and I re-floated about it.
I just would like to urge all Black people, the few that does live in Daytoni, to go out and vote no.
Because you know what?
Then I was going to benefit from it, no God damn week.
Right.
Well, I use the word Black because it says right here in the poll, it's this white non-Hispanic,
Black, Cuban American, and other Hispanics.
That's the way it's determined here.
But I thought about it and I'm urging it's very few of us that does still live here in Daytoni.
Right.
Please, I'm urging you, especially the young Black.
Do not vote yes for that because we're not going to benefit from it no way, no way.
And always, that's why it's one of us.
Right, vote early and often, sweetheart.
Thank you.
God bless you.
There you go.
There's the voice of Black, uh, Daytoni.
No!
Is what they said, Mayor.
I hope you're listening.
You and your stooges like Merritt Steerheim, I hope you're listening right now.
You just wait.
You got a real surprise coming in fact.
It's going to be so overwhelmingly the one through is that you won't be able to get enough
dead people and dummy up enough phony votes to put it over the top like they did 20 years
ago, the first one.
Six thousand open lines on that board.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, it looks like another Jordan night day.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
Who's close to you, have?
Why they born and shot from the sand?
The kids come in a circle of blue.
Learning luggage can be a clue.
Royce is the star.
Come up the stage.
We'll stay gross and sonnets and put you on me.
We're all tired of asking any rude.
What's the time, miss, to just move?
John John.
We're all in town.
It's that you've thrown up from my mouth.
Yes.
We're all tired of asking any rude.
We're all tired of asking any rude.
It's that you've thrown up from my mouth.
Learning luggage can be a clue.
Learning luggage can be a clue.
Learning luggage can be a clue.
Come on to it 560 WN.
He's dead.
He's not coming back.
Let's move on with life.
560 WN.
There's Greg Reed standing and hand on the forehead.
He does best.
He's got his jacket off now.
We know he's serious and means business.
Don't mess with us.
That's what he just said.
Don't laugh with us.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I do it.
You're in Miami.
Yes, sir.
I disagree with your penny tax.
I think it's a good idea because of traffic down here in Miami.
I think you know how proud is monkey see monkey do once they see our penny tax.
You're going to follow with their own penny tax.
That's what I think.
I think it's a good idea.
You're going to put their own penny tax in for what?
I don't know.
You know how proud is monkey see monkey do they.
Okay, monkey does okay.
There's the best call we've had today in favor of the wound, doggle.
Monkey see monkey do.
What was he just showing you by the way?
I think it was that thing in a book, the ratings of the team ratings.
Yes, for that period, zero on question point five.
Yeah.
But you don't understand the children is defined as people under 12 teens are 12 to 17 are Bertrand.
If you would look in there, there is nobody under the age of 12, especially in May,
because the kids are all in school.
So the possibility of them listening, the likelihood of them listening is non-existent.
But hey, it'll give him something to keep busy with for a while, you know.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
I sure hope their attorneys are better than those down loaners guys we had at Cox.
Oh boy.
Woo!
That Mike Disney thought were really great attorneys.
And remember what that one attorney told me that time when we had those frivolous lawsuits,
the boy Gary won and the other.
What was that guy that worked on the weekend, that old guy?
That aged discrimination one.
Oh, what the hell was his name?
That guy used to work at BZ in Boston.
Just somebody else.
Larry Justice.
Remember those two frivolous lawsuits?
And I go in there for a meeting with one of the corporate attorneys and he says to me,
well, you know, this is good for a young guy, you know, because an older guy would never have said this.
Good for us because as long as this thing drags on, the meter keeps running for us.
And I thought, yeah, that's good.
Too bad Bob Green didn't hear that direct.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
My name's Don.
Yes, Don.
Oh, I got some information for you.
I'm against the tax.
I'm a senior citizen.
Yes, sir.
I get $800 a month off of Social Security.
Right.
It's going to take $8 out of my monthly check.
Mm-hmm.
The state comprehensive enhancement, transportation, safe tax, systems tax is on every gallon gasoline.
Gasoline is taxed by the state for the county.
Six cents plus three cents.
That's nine cents tax are getting now, looking for another penny.
There also got this transportation enhancement tax of 4.8.
Which gives you a total of 14.5 cents or 14.8 cents.
Taxed they're getting now.
Adding another penny really doesn't cut it for me.
I'd like to find out what they're doing with them.
Well, it's about a half million dollars a day that they're getting off the gasoline tax.
What are they doing with it?
Okay, Don.
Look at their pockets.
You might find some of it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm your middle.
Yes, I am.
Yes, yes, yes.
For the PIN and sell tax on Thursday, I think it's a great idea and I'm an insider.
So I have like, will you surprise some new little trances?
Do I want to hear what?
You want to use some facts on the stress system?
Yeah.
Okay, our major student is like, New York, Washington, Atlanta, all of them have a PIN and sell tax for their transit.
How about a lot of, all of them are made up of a, a lot of Los Angeles.
Like, if you love Texas, that's true.
I'm major student.
But by the end of all the ones, I don't have a PIN and sell tax for transit.
Uh-huh.
And now, with that, I'm major student.
I have to be right here.
Let me tell you, when you learn the speaking, Rich Bell, call me back in when we can have a conversation.
I can understand at least every third word, that would be a good start.
Okay?
And how much do they pay to make that call?
Get out of here.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
400 open lines.
Here's Miami.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Uh, I am totally against this transit tax.
I remember I was here when they tried to push this metro rail through.
What do you mean they tried to push it through?
Well, they did.
But look what a flop it is.
Remember all the 250,000 people a day that was going to ride it.
And if you ride over on Mylumdairy Road at 74th Street where the rail yard is,
Look at all those cars parked there.
All those empty trains that are going nowhere, they're parked.
And we're paying for them to be parked.
They used to have, I think, six cars on a train.
They're down to four.
And the black people are being snuckered on this because the major part of that money I understand
is going to go for a new metro rail, which will go up 27th Avenue.
And if you go up 27th Avenue, most of the area is black, which means that it's going to
displace a lot of homes and businesses.
And the other leg, they want to put down 836 over to Miami Beach, which will go through
overtown.
And all of these people are going to be displaced again.
Look what happened when they put I-95 through all the time.
It happened every time, right?
It destroyed the area.
And the poor black people are going to be the ones that are suffering most.
You might think, oh, it's 50 cents a day, but it's spread out over a period.
Where if you buy a car, a washing machine, a house, clothes, you're paying for it all, right in.
All the sales tax, and it will never end.
Never.
And they're never satisfied.
They went to 6.5%, but if you spend the dollar, you're paying 7 cents.
What are they doing with the other half-cent?
I mean, when they throw away all the crooks that are in office and kick them out, the people
might believe in what they're saying.
But right now, the people don't believe it.
I'm walking around in the hot sun, passing out literature in my neighborhood.
Great. Good for you.
So, keep up the good work, Neil.
Thank you, too.
Bye-bye.
Okay, just vote early and often. Vote at 8 o'clock.
No.
9 o'clock. 10 o'clock on Thursday.
No.
11 o'clock at night after they close the polls just to make sure.
No.
Because that's when those, that you mark my words.
Remember, I told you here today on Monday, July 26th at Pat Neal told you that this is going to be just like the first one.
It's going to go allegedly right down to the wire and late at night, these votes from the outlying districts will come trickling in.
Just enough to put this thing over the top.
There'll be just another couple thousand dead people will vote.
Just enough to put this thing over on the public again.
10 minutes, Pat.
And by the way, I'm coughing up the 20 bucks to pay for a JP, uh, P's lunches, which I think is extraordinary, uh, for a guy like Mia.
How can a guy like me afford to be doing something like that?
Just because there are people running around here tossing my name around, okay?
I don't want to mention fat rich.
I don't want to mention that fat rich was eating fruit of the track last Wednesday, because then I would have to mention that he had that minor stroke, which he asked me not to mention on the air, but I can't help it because I'm psychotic over it.
Wouldn't you think that after you have something that happened to you like that just a few days later, just for a few weeks, you know, you know, oh, I can do it about it.
Okay, stop.
Stop killing yourself, you crazy fat man.
Well, your mother tells me she was rummaging through your garbage.
Yeah, rummaging through this.
So came on.
There you go.
Start rummaging through the bowl.
Crazy old lady.
Hey, you want you a great cigar and next to guard.
And by the way, they can put all the labels on there you want.
A lot of us aren't going to stop smoking.
Oh, it's great numbers.
Okay. And the cigars too.
Crazy ass government.
We got repression repression repression.
And in the meantime, they're nuking our meat.
You realize that now don't you?
They're radiating the radiation on the meat.
I read an article about that last night.
You would never eat another piece of meat as long as you live if you read that.
What they're doing to us.
But they're worried about labeling cigars.
You go right ahead.
It's a free country to a point.
Okay.
As long as they can't catch you and smoke one of those great predominant reserve or those
predominant squared or one of those Cuban bullets.
Right.
These are the great cigars they make down to the doserie or slot for this you on San Jose.
They're all fantastic.
They're all first rate.
And next reading knows how to make the best cigars anywhere in the universe.
Just fact in the church.
Or...
Or...
Or...
Or...
Or...
Did you see hot.
Back in the good old days,
before the old part came and politicians played Jose.
Or...
This sound was once alive.
Yes.
They even had spring rays.
There were things to do all night.
It's rower than this day.
What's the old part walking dead?
At the tower through the left.
Oh, that's routine videos.
You just got off the boat.
I heard the old Rogers cry.
This is the day that's my only time.
Are you?
Everyone who's watching the latest.
Are the ones who brought us forward the fatal test.
Do my enemies.
Can you believe there was a time?
They had to be knows that how it's ill.
Try to organize the crime.
But the experiment has failed.
When the brain just changed its sound.
And tore the balls up down.
They just fell over the plate.
It's a big goddamn history.
I heard the old Rogers cry.
This is the day that's my only time.
What a great place to go this is.
What's the ultimate asshole girl is this?
With the path of the...
I heard the old Rogers cry.
What's the matter with that?
Drop the machine at 560 WQA.
I'm just one short paragraph.
And Carl Hyson's brilliant column in yesterday is here.
I don't even know if he's usually sleeping with the allocators.
By the way, JP, just chill out.
Just relax.
I'll take it out and trade.
History teaches several unhappy lessons.
One, it will cost billions more to build Metro Rail than they say.
Two, it'll take years longer to complete than they say.
Three far fewer commuters will ever write it than they predict.
And for somebody, it will make a fortune off the construction.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
We're talking about one of our favorite people in the history of the human race today.
Passed away recently.
What was his name?
Martin Gronski.
Didn't get Demetri Tertishney.
People die, good people die.
Some of them die young like Demetri.
Did they get any coverage at all?
No.
And that butt-sucking Larry King, oh my god.
Oh, very remarkable young man.
A remarkable for what?
Man, is there a butt on the face of the earth that Larry wouldn't suck?
No.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Yes, I'm going to agree with that lady that called earlier about the kidney cells tax.
I'm not going to vote.
No, I'm going to vote for jail.
Good.
For years, African Americans have been promised jobs on these contexts to give.
We're not going to get the context.
We're not going to get the job.
The only thing you're going to get like Isaac K. is what's his, the shaft.
You got it, buddy.
Let's face it, Gonzalez and Company would get these contexts.
And again, we'll be misplanned or sent off somewhere else other than where we live now.
You got it.
I'm voting hell no.
All right.
There you go.
So far, the Black Community Onusio is saying we've talked to 45,000 Black brothers and sisters
and uncles and mothers and whatever.
And they all say, no.
Except that one guy that I couldn't understand where he was saying who's obviously reading
a bunch of propaganda that he was program.
Hey, by the way, Mary, won't you be any good to have a bunch of plants calling in on this show?
Won't you be any good?
You're still going to get your ass whipped on Thursday.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
We got 200, 300 waiting for you there.
Jim Mad Dogman, it's again for Hank today.
This time from Shula State 2 at 2 o'clock.
Donnie B with his half hour of whatever that is.
Pock and baseball, 6 o'clock.
By the way, have you ever noticed that Donnie B for a guy that's sports interned a little old?
You know, he just turned 45.
Are you aware of that?
George, did you know that Donnie B just had his 47th birthday?
No.
It's pretty old for a sports like 50.
What is his title?
52 on Friday.
Happy birthday, Donnie B.
Just turned 54 over the weekend.
You know?
Maybe that's why he likes Chris Moore because it rhymes with 54.
And then we got to Marlon's in the Phillies tonight.
Anybody excited about that one?
No.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I live in Broward County up there in Coral Springs.
And obviously, this penny sales fact is not going to affect me directly,
but it's going to affect everyone in Broward County in a very indirect and down the roadway.
It's just like Hurricane Andrews when all the misfits from Vade County moved up to Broward County.
If this penny sales fact passes, you're going to have a lot more misfits from Vade County moving into Broward County in Coral Springs.
The acres in Plenty all over the place.
And, you know, like, I just wanted to answer that other idiot that said that Broward County monkey, see monkey do.
Yeah.
Our taxes have been 6% and Vade has been 6% and a half for several years.
Right.
We haven't fought.
That's right.
And we're not about the follows, idiot.
There is any discussion about Broward adding that to the penny.
Well, what are you going to do? Start a metro rail? Where is that going to go?
No, the people in Dade County, if they want to do anything, they have to rife up and they have to do something about the partner in this crime that's being perpetuated against them.
The partner in this crime is the Miami-Herald and I say that they should say no to the Harold.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
Okay.
There's a guy that lives in Broward.
There's no one any more of you intruders from Dade move it on in.
You know what I'm saying?
Not that we want to sound unfriendly, but enough is enough.
Little hospitality is a nice thing.
Just don't overdo it.
Don't over extend your welcome.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Look at that.
6,000 open lines in here.
Watch these lines pop off like confetti.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Boy, is it a battle here in the summertime or what?
No.
It's not?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, what happened with a half-painting sales tax for Gatsal Memorial?
Whatever.
I was supposed to build the trauma center, right?
Yeah.
The trauma center has to build how long.
We're still paying for it.
Yeah.
You know what?
We're going to pay for your things forever.
That's right.
Forever?
If you like other appetizers, it's like putting a nooster around your own neck.
Exactly.
I know politicians told me once, if you wrote a tax, you'll live for it for the rest of your life.
That's right.
You'll never get rid of it.
You'll never take the ball.
I think more around here in the county that you move on.
They're going to vote for this thing, that you move to what you can see and back up Miram Berry again.
You know, because this is...
Well, you've got some good drugs anyway.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
They're more or less in the same plateau here, you know?
Yeah.
It's sad.
It's a rip off.
Gatsal Memorial Hospital is completely a rip off.
They're taking money from us.
What have they done?
Nothing.
This people wipe better, wipe up.
They wipe up or move out.
One of the two.
They made all this income, then pulled them out of office.
Put them in there.
They don't do it.
Get them out.
Okay.
See you right in the early Thursday morning pound.
I'll be there.
Okay.
Bye.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
We're talking about Martin Agronsky today and Demetri Tertishney.
And of course, anybody else who died recently, whose last name wasn't Kennedy?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mail.
Yes, sir.
I'm voting no.
No.
Baytime, Baytime.
Yes, sir.
I'm a whole new.
Yeah.
And I don't agree with that.
Okay.
Muchis Crossius.
Right.
Okay.
And there'll be a, but there'll be plenty of stuff backwards.
What?
I'll come here.
Never got any calls about that.
About that old black magic about that, whatever that thing was.
They're back masking again on the other side of the radio Unica.
They're back masking and they're finding all kinds of crap in the Trevi Fountain.
That's where the devil lives, baby.
That's where he's heading right.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if you find the devil and the Chupa Cabra, both in the Trevi Fountain right now as I speak in Rome.
Let's go to Rome.
What do you say?
Not Georgia.
Not in the Uriquam.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about a real city where they have living and breathing people in some real serious positive.
By the way, great lunch from our friend Brad Attonis today.
I sent the $20 over to pay for my young and personable friend who thinks that he's a Neil Jr.
I told him he could go ahead and, but not when he's here on the weekend.
Now when he's here alone on the weekend, probably with some people I can't stand.
Like maybe even...
Characters.
Oh, you know something?
I would be graduate table.
A little bit of lunch I've eaten already.
I would puke it up right back now if I found out that some of that food that was shared on the weekend was eaten by...
Characters.
Oh, that would just send me off to deep ends.
I think I've got to learn how to do it too.
Yeah.
Ask for the owner and...
Right.
You know.
Talk to Brad.
Smooth a little bit.
You know.
Tell him you'll cut it up to him.
I don't think he's your guy, but nevertheless.
No, seriously, you got to do it right.
Don't do it just to start getting arrogant at your young and personal.
19-year-old punk.
Okay, he's a good guy.
Never still a freight train.
One of my best close personal friends.
But you got to know how to do it with a little bit of tact, okay?
Don't be like a bull in an elephant shop.
Or how's that thing go?
Here's a mobile and West Palm.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great.
I'd like to change a subject.
Or right ahead.
Miami politics.
I've been in this year to show up for quite some time, and I hear you often bash Florida and what it's oiled it is.
And I used to disagree with you based on never being anywhere else.
But I took a trip up to a northeastern state, and I did not want to come home.
Maybe it's beautiful up there.
The people are different.
And notice that people don't lock their doors.
And when those are half-down, and you know, they're often very liberal.
But I realize why.
And that's because I didn't see a minority anywhere you look.
Yeah.
So, next, what I wanted to say.
Where was this?
Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania?
It was beautiful.
There were no Amish?
I didn't see any Amish.
There are a lot of them up there.
This is I, you know, up there.
And I'm like, but the minorities you do meet and talk to.
There's a decent, respectful, law-binding people.
And it's something about Florida.
I don't know what it is.
It just has a chip on the shoulder or what.
Yeah.
And it was very unfriendly, hostile place.
Well, good luck to you.
Start exploring the world.
You find out there's some real great people out there, and it's some living and breathing cities.
You know, like Toronto.
5, 6, and goalie's goal, baby.
Oh, it's almost that time, man.
Let's get that hockey talk on.
What do you think?
Come on.
That's our problem.
We need a lot more hockey talk on this show.
We can win a lot down to about a one-year.
So the ****'s on that blonde, man.
All right.
Yes.
I know that you keep on checking on my style.
Uh-huh.
I hope when you can find the way to here.
Check out my breath and I'm not so steady yet.
It's common sense.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
I'm not so steady yet.
Thank you.
233 at 560 WDKM. By the way, I don't want to I can't discuss the thing in love detail, but that FCC complaint, you know, or we're allegedly going to get fine
To show you how brilliant they are up in Washington. I think some of them are illiterate not only they bunch of anal retinive assholes
But like on a transcript they've got or some of the things that were allegedly played on the show a year ago may
So anyway in this particular one rectum hell it damn their children
So they've got it written out as wreck WREC K wrecked him it damn near are you ready for that is opposed to
rectum hell it damn near kill them okay nice going out there okay commissioners your bunch of rocket scientists
And be sure let me know which was your favorite one again like you did 10 years ago. So we're all done with this
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. I've got a long time losing or I got three quick questions
Number one, what do you think it's the best laxative? Uh-huh, okay?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Again another hell no
Yeah for my vote. Uh-huh, and about that SOB that was just gone talking about misfits from date county after
Hurricane Andrew, huh? I was up there and
Caching hand
Raid to Lisa house for a year two years whatever it took to move my family out so that I could rebuild
Right, and I was treated with nothing but disrespect
Rootness more so than I ever found here in Miami. Here you go
Well, he never said that we're polite, you know, I just said whatever he said right. Oh, he's an asshole. Okay, thanks
Well, you gotta understand when the median age is 100 plus 10 in the
Rowie is gonna be a lot of root old parts. Okay, they got their aches and pains
They do a lot of clenching all the time. What's wrong with that, you know, oh, is their middle name?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's a call from Charlottesville, Virginia. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Yes, sir
I'm just wondering I just finally found you on the internet here and I hear what you're talking about trying to expand the metro rail
And it was junk when I was down there and I and they'll pick up exactly what they're trying to do here
The what they're trying to do is make a lot of business for all these
Construction companies, you know, that are good for these with all the politicians. That's what they're trying to do
Meanwhile, are they gonna take it out to the airport? No, well, 836
Definitely
Yeah, definitely not are they gonna take it out to the orange wall?
No, not to the orange boat taking it to P.P. Park and of course by the time they would get that leg built
The marlins would either be out of town or have a new stadium
And so it would be there for a few weeks a year when absolvings play eight home games
Of course, and then anything ever gonna get done on time down there. No, never
Just come on back for a couple of days and vote no pal. I'll do it. Okay. Thank you. All right. God bless you
We'll send you a plane ticket. Okay, the bees lead just said we'll send you a plane ticket. That's what we'll do
We're gonna take it out of JP's pay. Of course, he's an intern. You don't get paid so that's gonna be kind of I thought to do a bubble work it out some way
56705 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. I got more people. This is fat rich from the near-roger show
This is JP from the most see I told him to do that anyway. I take full responsibility. I told him to do that
But you got to do it with a little bit of tact. Don't talk to the peons over there
You got to talk to somebody that's you know
Not Tony of course you're not Brad because he would know you're not the what you say you are
Like most people I meet down here. They're not what they say they are
And by the way, you know, I'm so glad I worked my way to that because here's a little message for all you young people out there
Since it is July it is the summertime. We do have kids listening in the summertime
I do want to make an injury made. We don't have any kids listening. They're all in school
But here's a very important message for you. Okay, like all these people who deny like a Ricky Martin
Anybody celebrity or anybody else any person who says that he's not gay that person is gay
Okay
Any person who publicly denies being gay not a cone tell you right now
Anybody who says that he's straight maybe
Maybe a chance, okay
But as soon as somebody says oh no, I'm not you see that that's the one
Just like George in there. He's always telling you oh no, I got a wife. Maddie cone
Just hi, Elliot. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir
Just wanted to know how stupid can soft Florida. Oh, I think you're in for a real shock
You'll be amazed at how stupid these people are. I'm surprised nobody raised this thing to nobody said anything about it
But just last week a lot of these commissioners and the airport director they're up in Washington requesting more money for the airport expansion
Mm-hmm. This was a plan that was going to be $1.6 billion and it was going to be done by the year
2001 now they're talking about
2008 and something like $4.6 billion
All right outrageous
And over here today I got today's arrow my any session or day county section and it has all the proposed routes for the Metro rail and this and then
And they're talking about the seven new lines. Well five of those seven lines are either in conceptual or early planning stages
Like my Carl Heisen says there's a good chance even if they pass this tech that there will never be one new inch of Metro rail exactly
Exactly, exactly get out the early pal and oh and also here are the rages. Yeah, it has the all the places is going to be going
And to the port of Miami it's gonna have two underground stations. Mm-hmm. Why underground? I
Guess because they cost more money to build them underground could be and our people are gonna benefit from
Maybe Mickey is gonna like intercept all those people going underground and sticking and they're gonna wind up on the other side on his cruise ships
Could be they go in elementary on they come out on the other side on a ship and I'll rages and talk about rages
You're talking about the major mighty going of day county gotta be
Okay, thanks. That's what everybody seemed to be saying have a great day pal get out there early and often you know what I'm saying out rages. That's what I said
5 6705 60 pound 560 on our prestigious mobile one line here on a Monday
Making some serious progress. I predict that nobody in their bright mind is gonna go out there and vote
I'm not Thursday in their right mind you understand and we do have a lot of crazy people out there
And we also have a lot of other people who for $30 will vote whatever you want
And don't forget that always very enthusiastic bunch of dead people who are waiting to be brought out anytime
That's right just waiting in the wings
In fact, let's let umberto Hernandez out just on Thursday
One more time come on bird. Oh you can do it. He's got connections there
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
You
Any question
Bones
No more will he rise
There's no more doctor
On the enterprise
Bones
Won't cure anymore
K4
Jopher楚
We love
We
No
Has gone before and falls.
We're gonna miss him, especially when he said,
we're gonna miss you both.
Oh, I'm 25 at 5.60 WQAM.
Man, we missed bones.
I mean, did I have a big deal about him?
Damn it, no.
Here's the facts.
Somebody from Rochester, New York, to Les.
Wait till you hear this.
Please tell date people to take the $30, but vote no on the increase.
Now wait till I get to this last sentence here.
Leave a, I'm sure it's supposed to say booger,
but it's spelled B-O-G-G-E-R.
Leave a bogger on the Yes poll.
Is that like Taiy yellow ribbon around the old oak tree?
Leave a big brown bogger on the Yes poll, please.
Okay, whatever you say from Rochester, New York,
probably a little bit too much done at Bob's.
There's too many whitehots affected there, Brain.
See it, the vicarner is okay for some garbage plates.
5.6705.60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami, hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm the one guy from Miami that's a 20VS.
Uh-huh.
I'll travel around every major city of the train system.
I'm really glad just on roads.
There's a limit to how many roads you can build around the town.
Uh-huh.
Well, what about the train system we got now that's losing money,
handover, limperist, how about that one?
There's only one leg, it doesn't go anywhere.
It wants to connect it to a cross section of the city, it will work.
And how about the fact that there's no guarantees that they're going to build any of this, sir?
Yeah, very will.
How do you know that?
In other words, you trust the track record of local politicians,
and you're just so confident it will.
When there's a command from the city, the federal government will kick in.
And that's another thing, sir, that your brainwashed.
There's no guarantees if you would read something,
there is absolutely no guarantee.
There are all this competition for those federal dollars.
There's no guarantee we're going to get any of it.
And what if we don't?
I want to be the first one who's set fire to my car, man.
Okay, well, we'll come over and help you out.
He wants to be there.
In fact, just drive it up to Woodstock.
They'll set fire to it.
Take up a bunch of cheap bottled water and charge them too much.
And I'll show you what's for.
They'll set your ass on fire in no time.
See, this is what you get when you got a bunch of young punks up there.
I realized there was 225,000 people.
And then when I took a few, we're always hearing those excuses
to pee on everybody's parade and start those fires.
And you know, of course, to show you, when it's hotter and hell,
you start overcharging people for crappy bottled water,
they're going to get pissed off, you know?
What else can we do?
I will say this much about the 60s.
All these people that are trying to relive the 60s,
because they've discovered for whatever reason
that the 90s suck in their opinion.
The only great thing from the 60s was the music.
That was the best thing of the 60s.
Not the drugs, not the sex.
I mean, sex ain't any different in the 90s than it was in the 60s.
In fact, people are getting more of it.
They're denying it more, but they're doing it.
But the music.
Well, music.
That's what it was all about.
Let's play Motown the rest of the week.
I didn't find for that.
We can.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hey, man.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
Hey, I got a question for you about the panthers.
Neil.
I'm listening.
What do you think, Logan?
Wow.
Who are we going to sign next?
Because right now, it looks like...
Okay, 5, 6, 7, over.
Wow.
Who do you think we're going to sign next?
What do you think about that?
George, you got any opinions about that?
No.
Wow.
Who are we going to sign next?
Probably somebody you never heard of before, okay?
Probably somebody who's real cheap.
Probably somebody who wants to be treated in an infantile way
who might play for Terry Murray.
Is there any such person on the face of the earth?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
There's your typical soft-flow to sports hockey fan there.
Really knows his crap.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Good.
I just wanted to enlighten you on why the black boat is being swayed.
Yes, sir.
There are two polytip.
There's one.
There's two polytip.
There's one being carrying me.
The other one being that the fucking Uncle Tom Willie Logan
running spot.
I remember who she didn't like, yeah.
That is absolutely correct.
Running spots on the black radio station.
Talking about how this proposition or this referendum
will help the black community.
Oh, yeah.
How the metro rail will run into those areas
as well as the 60,000 jobs that is allegedly to provide
or going to be targeted to quote unquote us.
So that's why they're under the belief that it's going to help them.
It's never going to happen.
Not at all.
Not at all.
In addition to which, and just like the guy said before,
like they do with the expressways, not just here,
but in all major cities, when they build them through black ghetto neighborhoods,
what happens?
Everybody gets displaced and they tear the place up,
and they're not only going to what's going to happen with those people.
You know what?
I don't understand how anybody in the black community in day county
could listen to Willie Logan any longer, any way.
Right.
You know, it's a matter of, you know.
He's the guy who up to give you the jabs there who is doing his best
to destroy the public education system to make sure that the minorities
are all in the crappiest schools possible,
and everybody else can, you know, get a handout to go someplace else.
Just so he can keep his prestigious nose up in the upper echelon of politics.
Right.
That's right.
You know, so he's looking just as bad as the rest of the Hispanic population
that turns on their people and does whatever to him.
He's doing the same thing.
You know, and it's always about doing something for their people,
not doing something for everyone.
And it's not interesting that it never happens for their people either,
especially here.
It doesn't, but you know, it just goes to show you,
we started looking out on so-called for our own,
whatever happened to looking out for the community.
Yeah.
And it's my understanding that the community is everybody,
not just the specific classification of people.
Yeah. Well, when we had that thing with the Cubans in the Coast Guard,
if you recall, I remember Mayor Pingu saying,
oh, these are our people, our people.
Well, that's why I live in Broward like you.
Okay. See you.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
We got about 300 or 400 open lines here in hour and nine minutes to kill here
on a marginal Monday.
It's kind of marginal, but you can smell it in the air, can't you?
It's really heating up as we get closer towards Thursday.
We're going to have a barn burning here on Thursday.
We're up to $600 now for every no vote.
Cash money.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello?
Yes, folks.
What is it?
Yes, folks.
Yes, what?
What language are you speaking, sir?
English.
Yeah.
And what did you say again?
Yes, votes?
Yes, votes.
Yes.
Is there a comment in there?
No.
How do you be spelling that?
I be spelling the right way.
How do you spell it?
I be spelling the right way.
Yeah, I be spelling.
Okay, spell this.
Woo!
Wow!
56670, I mean, they speak for themselves.
There's a few of these calls here today.
They require no editorial comment, no embellishment from my part whatsoever.
They be speaking for themselves.
Yes, votes.
Yes, sir.
566, by the way.
What's the number on line seven?
We have the number on that one because this guy is no longer amusing the Euras slightly humorous.
So, I think we'll just give him a number out, maybe he won't want to talk to some other people since he doesn't want to talk to me.
And he thinks he's a very humorous guy.
No, God, no, God.
Oh, figures.
560.560 on a mobile online. What a surprise. Here's a call from the keys. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing, pal? Okay, sir.
You're doing great. Just a little better. I'm sure you're doing the same thing.
True story last Tuesday. Went about my wife brand new SUV 99.
Mm-hmm. Down here we got 7.5% interest on taxes here in the Florida Keys.
What the date about the truck? Say there's those over $400. Vote? No. On that sales tax.
Okay. Just to give you a little insight. That was only one vehicle. Right. That's right. One guy in one car. That's it.
Okay. Thanks. Okay. People that were coming up from the Keys will they come up if they raise the tax and date? That's his point. Excellent, sir.
560.560 on a mobile online. We got 6248 open lines here. And in our entertainment, it looks like a Jordan night day. I can smell it. I can feel it. I can feel that nauseous feeling in the pit of my stomach.
Every time I hear that in Jordan nights and especially the video, see some songs are enhanced when you see the video. Like beautiful stranger by Madonna because it's got all the Austin powers to have it here. But some of the songs there should not be a video. You know what I'm saying Jordan? You get it?
Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Okay. Nice talking to you too. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello.
Neil. They're starting to spaz out now. Yes, sir. I just wanted to confirm. Mayor Penga is okay. Great. So far so we're down to basically the I guess that three hours ain't bad. I can handle three hours show. 560.560.560 on a mobile one line.
See as soon as one spaz gets on, then all the other ones since basically nobody here's got a brain in their head or an original flop in their mind. Then all they have this spaz is all must be spaz Monday. Yeah.
Sure start to sound like it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. You know, I'm already. I live in the city right now. I really I never heard it. You know what I'm going to hear both. Yes.
I don't get this. The day of the first day I've heard anybody say both no. Yeah. Right. And you said you said about hour. When you pay a dollar for seven. The taxes for the one six.
I'm a six point five. And when you pay a dollar, you pay seven cents on the dollar, right? So you know, I just came to think about that.
He said, effort. What he said, he's voting no. He said effort. And I'll say that. Not now, man.
Because the federal censorship commission will be knocking on your door between now and midnight and I'll take away all your possessions and your first born and third born.
And anybody else in between five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty isn't it great to live in a community where there's this much.
This vibrant excitement and interest and concern about what's going on, which is the only reason, by the way, that they're always able to put one over on you every time they want.
Because most of the people here are in La La land. Their favorite song is that's their theme song. That's the anthem for Dave County.
Yeah.
I'm queer. And by ambition. I'm a fact who likes to involve.
I can't.
τ
I don't know if you know that girl, that girl.
It'll be sweet morning.
I can't help it.
You can't stop me if I call the police.
I thought for the dishes to walk I could serve.
I found a new addiction.
I liked to wear a dress.
I was just a little tired of trying to find the right way to try.
I found a way to try to get someone walking there anymore.
I could fall in the water.
It's like a small house.
I thought you were the best daughter.
I liked to try to try to get the right way to try to find the right way to try.
You are the best daughter.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I was just a little bit worried in my newspaper.
I had read.
He said he was going to end up with someone else trying to protect him.
That's possible, but highly unlikely.
But you get everything.
Again, reiterating.
They've totally mismanaged to this point.
why are we going to expect that they will manage correctly up penny
they can't
you know it's interesting on the front page of the sunsettless morning is a
big thing a grand vision for my any
and it's got joe carolio on there
and uh... he says i just want to call one thing that he said of course i
wouldn't trust him from here to the wall but nevertheless
he says this is a city that has more potential than any other meaning my
me not only in america but worldwide the only thing we have standing in the
way of the city reaching its greatest potential is the corruption we have
here now this coming right from joe carolio is not
i mean are we going to trust the politicians to uh... take this extra one
percent sales tax and spend it on the things that they promised us
not in your life
uh... yeah that was it and and i have already had
dealings with another government that said yes we're going to we're asking you
to approve this and we'll get approval from the government we have matching
funds and we'll have this wonderful facility never happened
okay ten thank you have a great day
there's a guy who had a vote four times i guarantee you that and uh... won't cost any
money to get him to vote five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighteen two wireless line and if you that have been here actually during both
the situation during the first referendum on the metro rail which was a
just a nightmare i think it was nineteen eighty
am i right about that i believe so about twenty years ago
anybody that was here then and so what went down in the lives that were made
and all the uh... money that was wasted and then even out even out president
they reagan said
after the whole thing went down about a year later he said
air for for the money that it cost to build a metro rail in Miami
they could have bought every man and woman and day counting a new car
new uh... limousine and not spent a billion dollars that they spent to build that
boom dog a little bit nobody was right
nice going ronnie of course he forgets
here's a mobile in the four-letter hello
yes sir how you doing great
i got a little story for you my mother-in-law is a born again christian
boy and she knows i don't believe in
god and all that stuff so he now the Calvin Klein has a ck or whatever
she buys me a t-shirt that has a ck on it
but it's christ's king so my wife tells her why did you buy that for him he's not
gonna wear she goes he goes well he doesn't believe in it
he's a creator
yeah
did you get it now
did it your
you get it folks no lately okay
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tnt wireless line
anybody get it no
here's a mobile in Miramar hello
hello yes sir how you know let me i got a course for you
mhm they say that
um i've been hearing that if you do buy make you purchase
and borrow county they're going to tax you
with a resident you live it yeah how true of it
that is true if you live in date county oh you mean if you live in date and you go
to broard yeah by a car yeah
and they'll take it if it's right
if you buy a car and it's registered in date county yes of course then
it would depend on where you live no where you live that if you live in date
that's what i just got but if anything besides the car
the answer would be no
okay thanks got it okay
that's my understanding and i'm pretty damn sure i'm right am i right
i'm pretty sure five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eight tnt wireless line
here's a mobile in Miami hello
and then how are you doing great
okay two things corruption and weak money community basically sums it all up
uh... you i went to it already once in the city of New Orleans
which right now has a 10% city tax as we speak
and you can see it this is the mismanagement of money first of all
they are all thinking there's no corruption there in New Orleans
yeah they basically went through it and that's why it's a 10% now because it keeps going higher and higher
they had no choice but to raise it and that that community itself
gathers millions of dollars in tourism
now i know Miami does as well and that's where most of them money comes from
but to raise the taxes it's going to go higher and higher
and the seven percent is going to turn eight and a half percent and eight and a half percent is going to turn to nine
i've watched it you know myself i've seen it growing myself
and that's what's going to happen is the money that the tax that you have right now
you have to do what you can with the money that you have now instead of right raising
for corruption and whatnot
yeah you respect that two cents take it back again the local option gas tax
i don't think anybody would scream about that and do something with that
build some more damn roads wide and some existing roads but stop giving us this song
and threatening us by clocking up the traffic and trying to frustrate everybody into voting yes
and you know get somebody out there to fix my sidewalk too
okay they'll be out there by the time of night okay
yeah get somebody out there for some storm sewers in the acres by the way
can't afford that
well you know mayor falter he needed that 44 grand but he's giving it back
let's hear it for the old mayor 120 this week
5 6 7 0 5 60 I mean see this is like it's like walking through a minefield here
when you get into politics but the good part of it is there's nobody walking through it
because other than the politicians themselves everybody else is walking around going
yeah so they basically have a they have a clear field they can do whatever they want
because this is probably of any metropolitan area of this size the most uninvolved
most in the end of the fall most lala land place you'll ever find
and if you black people are going to trust whitey again if you're going to trust uncle Tom again
with all the bull crap whether it's really Logan or whether it's a mayor penga
or whichever one of these guys you trust that they're going to give you all these jobs
and do all these wonderful things for then you must be unbelievably stupid
god how many times have you heard the same sad song over and over again empty promises
oh and then he is a duck out in theaters now from the director of star track
and the producer of the spy who shagged me it's the spy who shags spot
do I make you hooly sir would you mind explaining that season please
do I make you hooly baby yeah do I especially from both quite impossible
you're a groovy baby and ask for my anatomy being different from yours
I am the one well they're astronomical belief very long and judging from what you've seen so far
I agree Oopie hey the spy who shags spot shall we shag now or shall we shank themselves
I wonder what star please to man will say about that move long and prosper
yeah baby okay let me look it up in the book
yeah
yeah
George this is from the 60s I think you're out of your mind like 60s 9
you're crazy too if you wait
oh
1070
yeah
like I said yeah okay 560 have a 0560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line
yeah we're going to all music now because we don't want to say anything that might offend anybody out there
and we're getting real nervous about that
here's a bokeh hello
Neil yes sir
you know what's ridiculous that the media is still going out about this whole JFK tragedy thing
yeah okay get a life pal okay that's one of your chronic buddies out there get a life sweetheart
that that that that that little baby talk that makes me want to barf up a great lunch great lunch today by the way
Brad and we apologize profusely from some of the imitators around here
560 505 50 are you serious he called up Brad will apologize yeah that won't do many good next time
oh I will and he's just he just sent the stage for the next dream really once
here's a lady in Kendall hello
hi Neil hi feeling okay I wanted to confirm your your report about a Ricky Martin
he's definitely bisexual he admitted it on a on a Latin television program maybe two years ago
uh-huh and uh you know he keeps saying that he's with this woman that he's totally straight
but he's just lying and uh I don't know what's going on I hate to break the news to you sweetheart
but the the bisexual woman part is maybe he wants he wants he wants that next to a woman on a bus
you know what I'm saying that's as close to a woman as I think Ricky ever got
and and my other comment what's going on with the with the red-linked federation they're resorting to having
women from men now or she nails I don't know not mine not my bag but to talk to somebody who knows about that crap
okay I'm not the one talk to one of our sports guys they're ready to that stuff
oh okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Miami Beach hello
hello yes sir hey Neil how you doing good yeah I just wanted to say a couple of few radio station
for exposing these frauds swindlers these shisters at a running date counting you know trying to push into the
running it all right right right of the ground yeah trying to push this down or throw
and I you know I've heard make common I was around with the first metro rail
mm-hmm something that I don't think too many people brought up about the massive real state fraud that
went on during the first time around yeah and I just encourage everyone go out there and vote send a message
to these politicians no mode taxes I've had let's give them the shock in their lives on Thursday I wouldn't I live in
Broward but I wish just for one day I could be in date kind of because I vote at least to a 40 or 50 times
and mirror it's their time get out of Dodge okay see you yeah we got rid of once and then just like a bad penny
he keeps showing up again fine what's the guy saying John dire that's right John dire is the one that the
screwed us up he was in on the original metro he was one of the planners of that deal here was like the transportation
director and then he went out to Los Angeles and the swindled them out of a whole song of dance and to
put together a boom doggle of a system that never worked out John dire as in we're dying over here
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's Miami hello yeah Neil yes sir that enough for the
second car kids you play all time you buried that you haven't played that in years you got to get that out again that's good yeah
and about that fact play you advertise you're going to be in the front row seats in every performance no I'm not going to be there
at all are you you're going to be a pro receiver yes I did so came more on and thanks for listening by the way the highly
rated new Roger show here on 5 60 WQM you got to be in the front you got to be in fact you got to be in no Georgia be there though 5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60 on the AT&T wireless line another retard another one of those mental cases out there a man with no life whatsoever
who's got the radio turned off real loud probably sitting on his goddamn radio right now getting real vibrations on his
back to have a great day pal good talking to assholes like you because it's nice to know that you're out there here's a mobile interral
hello hey Neil yes sir that's a nice some people don't seem to remember been with Maristurheim before during a metro rail
thing in here uh-huh do you remember there was another tax increase it was supposed to be all law enforcement and fire and people
all voted don't remember don't remember and then boom a week after star high in the commission got it they said no we can use it for
whatever we want and they took none of it for what it was voted for and use it all natural don't remember it's another
Maristurheim trick trust me maybe someone else remember I remember the vote in the big election we have a real problem here
because I like I told somebody in the first hour to show today it's such a transient area that there just aren't very many of us
who were here 20 years ago that's the first time in addition to which how many of us could survive 20 years here without getting the hell out of this place
that's true I forget about that sometimes I've been hungry all my life but there is hope I'll be gone soon
okay back to heck oh they're all bailing out damn it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
and by the way for that jackass that no retard before that anal retelling retard and also the stocking and get the Hoover out the moon man
a fangirl for guy and come on on on park 60 oh yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
whenever our friends and four Myers are we on here over there today no they took us off because of that whole FCC business you know
can ever be too cautious probably put that good old time religion back on air again alright those are the people at the FCC ought to be after
those are the ones most of them ought to be in jail for defrauding all these pathetic lonely old people mostly women out of their lifetime savings
with all this fraudulent bull crap oh no we can't talk to that it's in the name of religion yeah right here's derail hello
yes sir
I'm Mark and derail I'm one of those poor slugs that have been here for like when Metro Rail started more than 20 years plus
I'm happy to say I am outta here next month I have history but I will vote and vote off in this Thursday and that's gonna be no
and I'm like yeah yeah I've been telling everybody that I know to vote no to vote no you're doing pretty good I work the mid that ship so I'm not able to hear much of your show
but I've been reading the paper you talk about mass information and lies that people are at the panel of everybody else is trying to feed the public it's not gonna fly
and I don't think it's gonna pass I think a lot of people are gonna wise up I know with a good column yesterday on Sunday's paper by
Carl Heisen?
Yeah I read it on the ear before it was great
it's great and it's right it'll be a miracle if they actually do something with our money that's what's intended to be for
but the one thing I want to know is why now they're gonna have a civilian oversight review board what about all the responsibility with all the money they've given to these crooks that have been in office has gotten out
we had a commissioner that was driving around you know suspending the money the gas money you know filling up the tanks
right you can possibly really use all that gas here in Florida what about that I went through here I work with the county I went to the ethics meeting what a bunch of crap that was
and I just because you go to a meeting doesn't mean it's actually gonna work yeah soft Florida political ethics if there was ever an oxy moron that's it
absolutely okay that keep doing a good job buy him out of here and listen now thanks for the good 20 plus years that I've been able to hear you
best of luck all right man see you
they're all bailing out like I said they're getting out of here while they're getting as good before we have nothing but a bunch of corrupt politicians in here thank God we don't have those people like very
Schreiber and Johnny Jones and I mean the list goes on forever House Bertranda is doing how how's no Gersten doing by the way anybody seen him lately no
no wonder how he's doing with all that money that he disappeared with a never say these and that was hot chicks he was a no he had a little nose problem
whatever happened with that never heard any more about that just like to think about those cops in that prostitution ring they were running down there you know you people in the media here who are you
fooling who are you kidding we got leave on her nandas on the front page like I said we never got one call about that here's yesterday's
Harold okay this is supposed to be a major market newspaper a once famous newspaper there's not just a piece of crap that most
parakeets by the way start pounding if you put it in the bottom of their cage they start doing real bad reports if you put it in the cage
careful leave on trade this is the same newspaper that just kind of dropped the ball along with the other one but it was a
day county story dropped the ball on that story about the prostitution ring with a 16 year old not just an ordinary prostitution ring but with
miners okay with underage girls all these cops coming from all around the county showed up there and you know
somebody's got a list and who was being naughty and nice all of a sudden like you guys said one day last week it just
dried up like a big prone turned into a god that like a plum turns into a prune like a great turns into a raisin maybe they got hooked up
that could be it maybe they hooked up very jackass with himself well here's a call from four Myers hello
new guy yes sir are we on over there you're on over here all right you're on over here well that's all I'm gonna say the crap over here they do it over on your
coast would be the sale tax from six to seven percent and I got to tell you half the meat heads that live in this county they think it's a great idea for what
what are they going to do with it besides have a party no we just need a few more family members in local government that's all a little bit more corruption you know
vice cars are going up anyhow we love your show thanks a lot back for being there say how do the mutals and tell them that guy up in
Jersey still wants to seventy five bucks oh yeah you people at the FCC you could find these people all you want you could wait till
hell freezes over before you get the money I guess right around whatever next license we know time would be maybe right
around that and maybe it might be a time for them to pay up well thirty two five sixty wvc by the way I
hear the rumors that they're gonna be making take to the show and send them backwards yeah what's his name
gruntaloo on dono he's gonna be recording the show and sending them backwards to the FCC to prove that we're back
masking on his show while we're smoking wicked we know we got that bong with up singing a song and doing our
what that's right you know what else rhymes with song and uh bong don't say it thing thing yeah
which is dead five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's boca hello boca
uh
well i'm telling you this thing is uh they're getting hard boca hello hello nil yes sir
question uh watch it over the weekend uh Orlando subeta was uh inducted into the hall of fame yes
sir um what is this thing with that they vilify him but they have a guy that was a convicted uh drug dealer
what is this this guy's phone crap down you have to call me back pal i think what he's trying to
say see that don't care about drugs whether you're sold drugs whether you did drugs the only thing
that professional sports cares about is gambling because it makes them look bad it reflects badly on
the game if you would read that book pros and cons about the NFL about all these uh hoodlums that
are playing in the national football league it makes it very very clear that whether it's a baseball
or football any professional sport maybe they don't give a crap about any of these things you can
beat up your women you can uh you know do all the drugs and pedal the drugs they don't give a crap
about that money laundering all they care about is if you're uh it's a gambling thing that's why
back in the days when uh Mickey Mantle i think it was had like a very minor interest he had some
stock in a uh casino in Atlantic City and right away the uh major league baseball stepped in
and made him divest himself of uh that interest because oh it's a gambling thing you see they
pee in their pants if anybody would believe that there's gambling involved and thank god nobody
gambles on major league sports five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's Miami hello hey Neil yes sir two things first of all um i think that you people
want to realize that there's a provision in this thing that says that they can bring the tolls back
in five years right to fund expansion that was already planned correct and the second thing is
I think you ought to go on by a lot of stock in mastek and search and tell them because they're
making fortunes after Thursday you think you think this is going to pass well the ghost of muskah
noses out there getting all the dead people yeah you're right and proud the prelude
Bertrand end is out for one day too okay thank you sir he's right gonna have 40,000 dead people
vote on Thursday to put it over the top five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line hollywood hello hello Neil yes sir pardon me i have the flu so if i like i'm
dragging it you'll understand why you're dragging it oh boy am i dragging it anyway many years ago
when you used to do straight talk pardon the pun you had somebody on your show a local politician she
was a woman and she was talking about taxes i think it was when they were trying to put i 95
through remember back in those days and what do you mean put i 95 through well it wasn't complete
they were still building sections on yeah they were built up north of the north and part of the
app north of four pierce away right right and she was talking about well we need more taxes
it's through and i know you don't remember the conversation you know you got the gist of it
i said to her well if the tax base increases because you have more people and you need more roads
you getting more money why do you need to increase the tax base and her answer was well for startup
i said okay let's take that so what happens two years down the pipe after it's paid for
and her answer was well you know it's like a woman getting an allowance from a husband she gets
fifty dollars in the next year she wants more it's like the turnpike exactly the turnpikes and all
the toll roads down here were supposed to be paid off years ago right and all these cockamany
politicians that come up with the same garbage which by the way happened to me very recently in my
local town of davi yeah where they increased the rate of fifteen dollars a year because they needed
more paramedics and they needed more fires higher engines because they built a new community
with million dollar homes with these people of paying tons of taxes so where they raise in the
tax pool they're getting more tax well i'm going to tell you this i mean after the long torture
history of lies and abuse and corruption in this town anybody who lives who's lived there more than
five minutes who believes the word of the politician especially this this pipsquake mayor of ours in
dade county who comes in here and the very first thing he does is lie to the public it's elected on
a totally false premise and turns around and stabs the public in the back and i don't care how
wonderful it looks down there and how glamorous it looks the fact is it's going to cost the taxpayers
an army like the subsidize that place for the rest of time it was long as it's there exactly
and the point is that the taxes will never go down but the tax base increases and all these people
out there that these nuts that are going to vote for ask yourself last time the taxes went up
to the same baloney yeah what happened when everything was paid off what did they do with the excess
money besides stuff and you know something i remember like it was yesterday the same thing about
minorities getting the jobs and all the promises that were made and the minorities didn't get the jobs
then and they are going to get the jobs now and if they're that stupid that they're going to
believe all this bull crap that's being fed to them by the establishment then they deserve what
they get i don't care i live in brown County screw them this that part about it is mostly the minorities
and the ones that fall for it yeah but they think it's going to do them some good well so you know
sooner or later you got to get smart and have a great day pal feel better okay five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line oh look at the size of that FedEx box i think
that's our fifty million dollars from Edmund Mann yeah in small bills hang around Carlos will share
a little with it not too much i want to bang in the butt honey my name is lost bro stand by five
six billion oh never buy the check and had a list of six oh but i'm willing before i can declare
well six miles you can hear it out from me because i look kind of funny but both parties gotta know
that this you with the dog can't fly the guy with money so much money so much money and
five i don't you want to just be comprehensive mister yes condolences
let us know if everybody knows only this enough head forward i can fit into edrid frost for old
Just a ross parole and goodbye audio.
She's out.
Thank God for that.
Now what's Luric going to do for guest-altern that period of time?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Kindle.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I'm good out today a lot driving around and I've gone through the 8 74.
Don Schule.
I'm by my day to stop three times today.
So I've come up down and back up again.
And I notice, I'm on these roads all the time.
I've noticed that they had less of the stalls open, I guess you call them.
And I asked one of the toll takers and she smiled and said, well, they've kind of cut
back a little bit this week.
Yeah, this week.
They get son of a gun.
You know, they're just trying to put this.
Oh, they're doing it over early.
In fact, you remember that weekend, a couple of weekends ago.
I remember came back from my vacation.
Right.
And, you know, I'm going eastbound with my lock instead of going away.
I usually the way 36 to the Palmetto with the 75.
I go eastbound to try to get to 95 from the airport.
And here they got the big backup on the road.
I thought, what the, I see 50 cents.
And I had no idea where this came from.
Low and low and behold, I get on the next day and find out that this has all been planned.
It's all been orchestrated.
The timing of it.
And they get on.
And the mayor gets on the year the next morning and says, oh, well, I hope that the people
are frustrated enough that they understand that we're so congested and they'll vote for
the penny sales tax.
They're going out of their way to make your life miserable to try to brainwash you when
they're getting sucked into this penny sales tax.
You know, they might as well just have somebody come up and slash your tires.
Right.
That's right.
That's right.
It's so frustrating, you know, and the quote was, it's Sally Fitz.
Why?
Exactly.
Just to look at the hell.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
I mean, this is, and of course, the media, they're movable.
What are we going to have somebody in this town on television or in the newspapers who
says something besides Carl Heist about three times a year when he's not worried about
the manatees?
I mean, what are we going to have somebody who gets on and it says, take a look at this.
This is a disgrace.
They're screwing up your life.
They're doing this intentionally to try to first rate you into voting the way that they
want you to.
Not my imagination.
And this guy, what is personal experience?
Oh, well, this week they've got the number of booths open cut down so that they can
just traffic as much as possible to get you frustrated.
So on Thursday, even it gets your better judgment, you might go out there and vote like
an idiot.
That, you know, that alone should piss.
In fact, maybe that's one of the reasons that it turned around so badly between June and
July, you know what?
Then more and more people are getting turned off to their heavy handed tactics of trying
to force them into voting a certain way.
You got to keep on thinking mind that there are a hell of a lot of people out of town,
or a lot of living and reading people on vacation won't be here on Thursday.
And maybe that isn't so bad after all.
Because that'll give those of you who are most highly motivated to just say no.
An opportunity to go out there and do something to make a difference this time.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Yeah, no.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, hi.
It's a long time listener.
Yet today I got home and I looked at the cover of the Miami Herald, the Leibhaw and her
name this front page, the woefully.
And right above that, Tony Martin, and I called the Herald, sir, and I spoke to a night-long
young lady named Jasmine.
I probably talked to her for about 10, 15 minutes or so.
And she was real nice to me.
I had her cracking up and it's just ridiculous.
I mean, the things they put on a major market newspaper, the front page, the black
past all over it.
I mean, I thought it was ridiculous when they put very jackasses caught up on the front
page about this new sports station on 2400 on the AM dial.
It's not even on the area yet.
But to put a whole front page with a color picture because like this is a major bullet
and first of all, it's been rumored for weeks that we're going to trade Leibhaw number
one.
Number two, nobody's interested in the Marlins anymore.
They had 14,000 people for a Saturday game yesterday in the middle of I think five out
of six winning triggers.
Nobody cares.
And to put this on the front page like this is major news.
It's unbelievable.
If you went to the local section, we need some help.
Yeah.
The story there was about Leica.
Could tell me what certainly wanted more news than it's just ridiculous now.
Now keep it up.
You're great.
Love your show.
And God bless us.
Thanks.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And the reason, like I've said before that this town has deteriorated the way that it has
is because there just aren't enough people here who give it then.
That's why it didn't take me too many years.
It's a few too many, but it didn't take me too many years before I realized that I was
spinning my wheels wasting my time.
I was going to do all of that topical crap with a guest and try to be a mover and a shaker
and making a difference in this town.
Okay.
How can you make a difference when nobody gives a crap?
So instead of trying to make people give a crap, you just come on here and you say crap.
That's it.
And all of a sudden they're all like, eh, you know he's great.
Yeah.
You like that?
Oh yeah, another.
Yeah.
Look at that.
La la land.
Why do you think they call it la la land?
Just look at the way the people are driving around you.
Look to your left.
Look to your right.
Look at the front of you.
Look behind you.
Look at the rear view mirror.
And the odds are that you've got at least four out of five real major assholes.
They're trying to live up to their identity.
God.
Every time I make that drive from the airport back home, I see stuff that goes on and I say,
oh, am I going to make it?
How am I going to get there and still be alive?
