Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 5600560 toll free for date in Broward or pound 560 on your cell
pulse.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions for the beastly broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
I gotta keep your shots straight here.
Oh, free.
Forget Jason.
Forget Freddy.
Forget Jaws or even Haroldo.
There's a monster.
There are the streets that could strike at any moment.
Or the people who drive.
There's no escaping them because they're everywhere you go.
They drift from lane to lane.
They stalk the estate in second gear.
Old, evil, who drives.
I kicked it around this guy.
Look out, honey.
He's backing up.
Backing up.
You don't know what they're doing next until slowly.
They drive you mad.
Coming soon to an intersection off ramp or parking lot knew you.
That was the 560 WQAM Happy Monday to him.
Well, this overhead is sure a pretty marginal.
I'll tell you that.
But at any rate, be that as it may.
The three most dreaded words in the history of automobile experience of driving a car.
Service column lock.
Huh?
Yeah.
What do I tell you about computers on cars, man?
They suck.
They blow.
They bite.
Oh, it's greatly got computers now to make sure that everything is.
Yeah, right.
I can make sure that there are more things that can go wrong.
I'm minding my own business life.
I can't wait to watch the Panthers and the Flyers, which quite frankly, oh my god.
You had to take no dose to sit and watch through that thing.
And so I go over to my friendly amacostation to get some soda and to gas up.
But I fill up the tank with gas.
I go in and get some soda.
I come out to my car, I put the key in the ignition.
Service column lock.
And there's that steering wheel again.
This is the fourth time with my beautiful 99 Corvette.
Fourth time.
And you know what?
Fourth time with the charm.
You want it, you can have it.
And that began 4 1,5 hours of psychosis, just unbelievable crap.
And there's nothing you can do.
You know, this is the fourth time, the first two times.
I call a tow truck guy.
He comes and sticks the key in and sure enough, wouldn't you know?
I don't know.
There's nothing wrong here.
And the car, the thing unlocks.
The third time, I'm over in Broward Boulevard, getting my mail in the strip shopping center.
I come out and did it around, did it around, I call my friends at the back road.
They got the tow truck guy coming.
I go out and try it for the 400th time.
Oh, there it goes, it unlocks.
It's steering over here.
Last night was it cut a 1 lock?
No.
No.
What kind of a lunatic invented computers on cars that freeze up the steering column?
What kind of maniac is responsible for inventing something a piece of crap like that?
So to make a long story short after walking home after driving back over there in my new of my other car vet,
and trying 50,000 times to get that damn steering column on lock, and to get that car moving somewhere.
And I had a call and get, thank God for the 24 hour correct service.
Nice go, boy.
How?
Had a towed into my dealer.
Steering column freaking lock.
However, the lucky thing is that in the midst of all of this, I'm, you know, during the period of time that I'm home,
I'm flipping back and forth because the Panther game, Roger, Nielsen, please somebody give this guy a shot in the ribs and wake his ass up.
Well, yeah, coma.
So I flip over just in time to NBC because I'm wondering, you know, it must have been about, I don't know, 815, something like that 813.
And I'm wondering, when will they ever get to God in the world series game?
And by the way, why don't you just Bobby Cox?
Why don't you just continue and get it over with?
Okay.
Talk about choke and croak.
God.
Pathetic.
Why do they even bother showing up?
So I turn over just in time.
It must have been my lucky day and some other respect to see Jim Gray.
Even John Wilkes Booth never committed an assassination like this.
And I don't even, I don't like Pete Rose.
I can't stand Pete Rose.
He's a scumbag, you know, he's an asshole.
That too.
Seen him at Poppato Park three or four times and he sits there with a stack of $100 bills on the table like he's going to impress everybody and plunging his brains.
He's a, you know, something to his money.
He wants to lose it.
That's up to him.
I don't like the guy who's a great baseball player.
One of the all time best.
Of course, he belongs in a Hall of Fame.
But professional sports, they don't really care about the individual athlete.
They don't care about the drug addicts.
They don't care about the rapists.
They don't care about the molesters.
They don't care about any of those things.
But God forbid that there's suspicion that somebody made a bet on his own sport.
It puts a cloud of suspicion over the game itself.
So therefore they get real pissed off.
But Jim Gray, I'm going to tell you something.
Jim Gray should be, he should put, be put, scrap to an electric chair on the NBC evening news tonight, right in the middle of a baroque.
And electrocuted on nationwide TV.
You agree?
Yes.
I mean, this is a night.
They got all the living, the top 100, the greatest baseball players of all time.
Here's 10 Williams.
Here's Hank here.
And here's all these guys.
Okay.
Older than the thues will, by the way.
How you doing Ted?
Yeah.
How do you like Ted Williams?
Yeah.
Go shoot some pigeons in the family park Ted.
And now they got Pete Rosalto who gets the biggest ovation every time.
The crowd is like all emotional about it.
Here we go.
Some of the years said it about he was great.
We finally brought him out here in spite of what's going to be an asshole.
And here comes this asshole Jim Gray from NBC.
Ask him the same question 75,000 times about the divot on baseball.
And why would you admit it when the commissioners got proof of that?
Seriously, I was mortified.
I was speechless.
And Pete Rosalto, at the end of this deal, I just can't believe that you're doing this to me.
That this is all you can ask that the same thing over and over again 10 times.
And Jim Gray's response is, well, I can't believe that you don't want to settle this once and for all.
I mean, like a guy named verbal fist fight.
I would love to know if people would have just hauled off and smashed him right in the guy in the head.
Give him a shot to the head Pete.
He thinks that would have been the biggest ovation they would have had their return or feel last night.
Because there was sure nothing else for them to cheer about.
What kind of journalism is that?
What kind of an asshole pulls a deal like that?
He wasn't there for the purpose of being interrogated.
He was there for the purpose of being honored.
Whether you believe he gambled on baseball or not, it's immaterial.
That's not what he was there for last night.
But this grace, disgusting, unacceptable, a bunch of crap.
Almost as much a bunch of crap as most of the sporting events over the weekend, by the way.
Nice job there this morning, Eddie, the Pope and Dave Hyde.
One in each paper.
Try to rationalize.
You know something?
And of course, in this town, you hesitate to say anything.
Because the people don't care.
As long as they're a team, we won.
See, we won.
I feel better about myself.
We won.
I'm trying to figure which was more boring.
The Panther game against the Flyers last night.
And the Telecast, too, by the way.
Or the Dolphin Eagle game yesterday.
Keep in mind, here's the Dolphin's Playing a Girls team.
And it's like, oh yeah, well, it was beautiful.
I mean, it was ugly and it was boring, but it was beautiful because we won.
It wasn't beautiful.
They won because the goddamn field goal attempted to get out of the game.
It hits the goddamn upright.
This is by half an inch.
If it's an half an inch to the left, it hits the upright and bounces through instead of bouncing away.
And we won.
We got something to be proud of, according to these Dolphin.
Very sad.
I wonder what the hell they were watching.
It was just terminal.
And this is the reason why you see thousands and thousands of NPCs.
At all sporting events, they got that brand new palace out there in Los Angeles for the Kings.
I watched some of that game last night.
San Jose and El.
Instead of thousands of empty yellow seats, now they have thousands of empty blue seats.
All right.
Because people are just sick and tired of being held up without having to put their hands up in here.
It's like a stick up.
Give me all your money and we're going to put on a piece of crap but performance here for you.
Mediocre at best.
And more and more people are saying, no.
No, I don't think so.
El Paso.
You can think expansion for a lot of that.
Mediocre at best.
And if that was a hockey game last night, especially the last half of that game.
And people are saying, well, Roger Neelson, he's back to his old tricks again.
He's doing that trap like when he was here.
Yeah, when he was here and you could get a go.
You could follow sleep, try to watch a god damn game.
Nobody wants to see that.
With all the talent, the high price talent he's got on that team.
And that's the best performance they can do.
If I were in that crowd, if I were a flyer fan in the crowd on the way out,
I'd been screaming for refund.
Awful.
Just got awful.
By the way, the ratings are going to be out at 1130 this morning, the summer book.
Have a thinking they're going to be speaking awful.
Yeah, it could be a pretty weak.
Maybe then Tom Jacob will write about that.
I've got plenty to say about him, Baldi.
God, are you a geek, Tom?
Are you a silly, silly person who still just doesn't get it?
Either you don't get it or you don't want to admit you get it.
You can't be that dumb.
Can you be that dumb, Tom?
Uh-huh.
Ten minutes after 10 to 560 WQM.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQM,
B.P. Lee, Lee, Lee, Acquisition Court.
No writers got it.
I'll play this time on the southern right of our muffled George Bush.
Some people seem there, no desire to join.
If he gets drugs, bags, then so what's the point?
Because I look at it and George Bush is fine.
So what if he...
...sounds like a line?
Well, he's the best damn candidate I've seen.
I don't care if he's a posh gentleman.
Who is it and Clintons?
Who is it, Sicking Mane?
So here's to Bush.
He's the line.
I guess I just don't understand what they're doing now.
Well, then many presidents and novices who...
...doesn't earn a finger at other.
They jailed more presidents.
Obviously he was on the...
EW!
...all of them down the aisle was at him.
And they're Jimmy Carter, for example.
But he was so hopped up on scum's handle.
He didn't even know they were hot to just for the first eight months.
Why even went back to Washington?
I do believe the only reason he got down the cherry tree was because he had the munchies.
What do you think about it?
You think about it?
Alright, then 15 to 5.50 WQAM.
So just when I was starting to feel a little bit more optimistic about our center one campaign,
since it's only the 25th of October.
Just when I was starting to feel a little bit better, because I got the facts here from MacKerill.
23,229 bucks so far, in spite of the fact that we've been in limbo basically since October 1,
because it was all screwed up with the CDs.
And we got our pizza loft appearance tomorrow between 6 and 8 p.m.
at the World Famous Pizza loft in Davy.
And I thought, well, we'll probably salvage maybe a reasonable October,
and then do gang busters November and December.
And we also have a couple of grand in cash there, which she has to pick up.
So you're going to come and pick the money up there or what?
One of these days?
I'll just take it to the appearance.
Oh, there you go.
That's a good idea.
You want to be probably very busy.
You know, Carol?
But at any rate, so 23,229 means we got about 25 grand in, based on what we got in here.
But the bad news is that those buttons, you know, the keychains with the buttons that do all these sounds, you know, from the show?
That I was told last week, oh, yeah, we got the buttons.
You haven't got one in there yet, fatso, but we got them and, et cetera, and so on.
Do we have them?
No.
No, they're on the way from San Jose.
Being shipped out today, are we sure we're going to have them tomorrow?
No.
No.
It's the 25th of October, Carol.
It's the frickin' 25th.
I'll tell you, this is sensational.
Going back to that great golf tournament, the OJ golf tournament, and then, of course, the CDs that sounded like, like that.
And now these buttons, which was a great idea, would all those, you know, sounds from the show on there, they can run around and pop in people's puts.
But stuff just isn't happening quite so fast.
Is it?
Dara.
Just not happening too soon, is it, Carol?
I'm doing the best I can.
It's all I can do.
You can order your stuff, by the way, off our website, neo-rangers.com, which Eric does a great job on, by the way.
And we will be a pizza lot tomorrow, 6 to 8 p.m., with or without the buttons, okay?
I mean, you know, so if we don't have those buttons, Jeff Cohen will let you put your finger in his belly button or something like that.
Yeah, there's a button for you.
Yeah.
You first, not me.
So anyway, here's a letter to Tom Jicke, and yesterday's, see, Tom always finds a way, because I'm sure he makes these things up.
He denies it, but I'm positive that Tom Jicke makes these letters up to the...
This guy's stupid!
...TV book in the Suncental for the last 20 years.
Question, the drive with Scott and Sid on Waffen. Have we ever had a call about that show?
No.
Although we have heard that some of our sales nerds downstairs, some of the sports that's probably taught Drek.
They think that's the greatest dance show. Oh, that's a guy show, you know, they talk guy talk. It's really great.
These are the guys that got canned on the weekend here about three years ago.
The drive with Scott and Sid on Waffen, 17-hundred-a-m, is probably the funniest, best sports talk I've ever heard.
WQ-a-m is lucky, the drive is not on opposite the first worst team.
In parentheses, the first in parentheses worst team. Where do you think they got that, by the way?
However, the rest of the talent on Waffen is so pathetic. Also, when and where is Jim Rolman, asks SE in for Lauderdale.
Tom's answer.
Saying Scott and Sid are the best hosts on Waffen is like saying they're the winner and first runner-up of a beauty pageant in the Leopard Colony.
In fairness to Waffen, it's going through growing pains.
WQ-a-m didn't have the strong lineup it does now when it first became all sports.
As for the first team, their enemy isn't on arrival station. It's their own sales department which overloads the show with so many ads.
Their barely is a show. For this reason alone, it's good to have a competitor around.
If and when Waffen becomes a real competitor, virtually everyone currently on here will have to be dumped for that to happen.
WQ-a-m management will be forced to pay closer attention to what their station sounds like.
Jim Rolman shows them move from Take the Lay in the evening WID to live in Noom the 3N INZ, etc.
So there's the letter of the day for Tom Jik and yesterday's some central TV book. Thanks for the publicity for Q&A, though again, Tom.
But you still can't get it right.
Oh yeah, their show is loaded with spots.
Number one, but number two, it really doesn't make any difference to what they put on the rest of the day on their causes.
You fail to point out they got Don I'm a said dead man in the morning. They don't do a sports show in the morning.
So what differences to make what what people are going to put on from 10 a.m. to whatever they're going to sign off.
What difference is that going to make about the first team Tom in addition to which you fail to mention the reason we got all those goddamn spots on in the morning.
Because we got to pay Wayne and John Henry.
It's not just because the sales department runs you, Silom here, which they do, but it's because we got to have we if we had a spot every minute of every day if we just eliminated the programming other than the ball games.
Maybe we could afford to break even and pay that 35 million to John Henry and Wayne, I think that's what's crippling WQM.
How come you don't get it? Tom is it because you're filling for any K every now and then.
And you don't want to tell us the real truth about our net management and the bad deal they made on those ball games is that it? Tom is that?
And by the way, Tom still hasn't discovered a story about the FCC fine. It's pending the 35.
You know, it's not just an FCC fine. It's a whole question to First Amendment rights and content and the listeners right to choose what they want to listen to.
It's a major story. It's time discovered it yet. Well, he was an LA one at happen.
And Tom is one of these guys who if something happens when he's away or something happens, he doesn't know too much about.
He doesn't want to really do too much to find out because I guess he's lazy.
You know, he likes to pay trip to LA every year for a couple months and the summertime and he's basically going to school out to the track, smooth with Eddie Kay.
And that's times because I do covering a radio and TV in this market.
Pretty disappointing Tom. In fact, I think it's safe to say you're out.
Tom. Oh, yeah, now that you know we're going to have a done book into summer book, it's going to be pretty marginal because we had a great month in July.
It's sensational on this show and then August here. Wow, like the whole audience man. It must have been laughing.
It must have been Scott and said. Now they didn't show up in the last trend, but now that this book, it'll be two out of the three months.
They've been on the air the Waffen 1900 on the dial. I bet you went at number comes in 11 30 or noon a day.
They're going to be kicking ass. You won't be laughing at Waffen, baby.
Did they show it all in any graphic in any day part? No, we'll see.
Here's Poppino. Hello.
And I'll share your frustration and everything going on in the market.
As I'm driving last night, I turned on Q&A and tried to catch the World Series games.
Yeah, and I got the Panther games. Well, I understand that because it's contractual, but there's nowhere else on the dial.
Nobody else carried it. It's in a major, but this has happened before. This happened a few years ago, whatever that.
Now, wouldn't you think queer channels since they own about 600 stations in the market?
Wouldn't you think on those occasions when we can't pick up sporting event, a major sporting event, like a playoff game or a World Series?
Wouldn't you think that they would carry it? Absolutely. I mean, you do it with dolphin games and the preseason games and things where you ship things around
because you've got to show them what you've got to have the Marling games on.
So, they'll put the dolphins somewhere else on the dial on a preseason. They'll do it for dolphin preseason game, but they won't do it for a World Series games.
And that was all over the place on the dial. I was going to AM and F. I'm an ice-serve, held at five. Well, believe me, you didn't miss a thing.
Yeah, I'm here in all the gym greys up this way. That's so typical of that tour.
But when I got home last night, I started reading the New Sports Illustrated, and I'm planning on backing it over to you today.
But there's the infamous picture in Sports Illustrated. The Sam Duque cut out on one side and Roy cut out on the other side.
Oh, they did cut him out? They cut the two of them out. You saw Sam Duque's shirt sleeve on one end, and then you saw Roy Fox's arm around.
Well, that call itself the Sam Duque in the building. His shirt sleeve is up on the door.
If he back yet, he's not coming back. It was back to clean out his desk a few days ago.
Very good. Thank you. I have a good one. I'll be taking it.
No, it's better. Okay. Bye.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I just wait. I just can't wait for somebody to call you here at the Fin Gym Gray from NBC and that had to job you the last night.
On acceptable growth test to try to humiliate a national television and if we're all those people in the ballpark to try to humiliate this man.
And again, I don't like the guy, but he's already suffered enough. What do you want to do? Put him up in a goddamn cross and crucify him there in the ballpark.
What a bit of most exciting thing that happened there last night and the first two games were Atlanta.
A bunch of gagging chokers. You know something. I don't like them. That's all that much. I don't dislike them, but I was hoping to braze would win.
But those people that say they're sick and tired of watching a braves get in there. You're right. You're absolutely right. They choke. They gag. They suck.
It would have been great if the meds would have beat them in that series because then at least you had a competitive series. It would have been the All New York subway series. There would have been something exciting to it.
Instead of all these Yahoo's chop and there. Yeah, I had to do an FSU crap. You know, doing that chop. Chop this like the Komet fan said with the arrow to his private. Chop this.
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Just thought you'd like to know yesterday in the hero. But I don't know if you caught that article on that. But in the sports section, they said that the.
The offers are playing at 4 p.m. Yeah, because there was the most of them a lot of late fans out there. It was a 1 o'clock game. Are you picking on a hero against her? Well, yeah, I guess I guess so.
I hear you talking about it so often. Here a single day they've got glaring mistakes because they don't care. And nobody else cares either. What else are you going to do? What else about other people are going to buy the hero to sunset? That's it. Those are the only choice you've got.
I just thought you like to know. I think you're just a bunch of more on. Okay, thanks for the good. Thanks. Okay, so you know something that might have been more exciting. Maybe they would have been awake if the game would have started for a clock.
One of the most pathetic excuses I heard a little dog this morning going on about how you could have gone to sleep watching the camp of a giant game 6 to 3. How about any game?
Except maybe in the wingland, Denver, which the wingland tried desperately because no lead is big enough for them tried desperately to blow that game and almost did.
You've got sex mediocrity now and nobody wants to admit it because let's face it. This is what these people get paid to talk about so they have to pretend it's great. I mean, just unbelievably bad.
I know we only got like six hockey fans out there and you know something the game Friday night here actually turned out to be pretty entertaining even though we lost it over time. We got to point the regulation tie.
That turned out to be a damn exciting game. But that thing in Philadelphia last night, I still can't get over it. How could anybody, how did I force myself to stay through and watch all the way to the end, although I did a lot of channel surfing in between?
Which thank goodness I did or I wouldn't have seen Jim Gray that that was just I can't find the words.
To describe how embarrassed and humiliated I was.
For the network number one here, they're always bragging about their the baseball network. They got Bob Costas, Mr. baseball. And by the way, you noticed that once they threw it up to the booth there in Costas and Joe Morgan came on there.
Pete Rose's former teammate Joe Morgan, did they say one word about that interview about the the slice job that Jim Gray did on Pete Rose.
No, D.Fo had it was a D.Fo's said it about Jim, they looked like they just crapped in their pants. Excellent job, D.Fo. Yeah, they both looked like they just dropped a real wet load in their pants.
And had a spit eating look under face like wow, it's a great night for baseball everybody. Hey, hey, embarrassed even the peacock the peacock left town.
Okay, they got the search party. I'm looking for the guy named peacock. He's so embarrassed for Jim Gray.
The media is sick and needs help families than the original quarter one. Yes. Like Jesse says they're dangerous and speaking of Jesse by the way, you see this reform party.
What a joke. It's a comedy party. They ought to put them on the comedy channel. We got Donald Trump today. Pat Buchanan's tape it on a little mustache. She's coming out today. Everybody's Oprah probably is going to hop on there. Hop on this Oprah.
It's a comedy party. 26 after 10 at 560 WQ only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it.
That's over weekday after noon to two sports radio 560 Q. A. M. E. M. O. N. G. A. Y. S. U. C. K. S. Sorry, friends. They Robert the Greenland repressant. And so yeah, he's a little misted. Okay. He's got something to say about everybody.
Joe Costello did the in between the second and third period of hockey game on Friday. And did a fine job of whatever was some stupid contest. Did it did a fine job.
I mean, he was no Tony the Tiger. Thank God. By the way, he quit that gig. Tony the Tiger. Yes. I am very soon to quit. Well, you know, why should he be doing a hockey game when he's floating up in a rap here? There's somewhere. Just cut the crap. Tony. Okay. Stick with something. You know, like RuPaul.
560. 560. 560 on the AT&T world of slime. I'm sitting here. I'm getting angrier and angrier about the gym. Great thing. I didn't even watch most of the game because like the first game. There was no game. There's no game. The Brazier just in a coma now. Oh, it's the World Series. Oh, we almost took against the meds. Now we can really do it. Let's roll up into a ball of wax and just go into a coma into a shell like a cocoon terminal.
But Jesus Christ on national TV at a time. Of course, when the sport is allegedly trying to put it best feet forward after the baseball strike and a lot of people were pissed off, including me and they'll give a crap about it anymore. We got John Henry trying to pedal us a stadium.
And they put that on right before the start of the game. They put on a performance like that. That leaves a real sour sicken feeling. I bet you've millions of people at the Green Apple Quickstep all night.
Because of Jim Gray, even people like me don't even like Pete Rose. And speaking of John Henry and a stadium, by the way, anybody see a Michael Putney yesterday morning on Channel 10 at 1130 with that awful show they does every week. And they had Jimmy Cifilis interviewing our good friend, Commissioner Tim Smith from Fort Lauderdale.
You know, the guy that's rumored owns a property and that festering sewer downtown for Lauderdale. That's what I heard that he's so kind of concerned about.
And he had on me, your carolio was on there and Tim Smith has told us, Oh, downtown Fort Lauderdale is going to be great. And Mayor Carolio was told, Oh, by Centennial Park downtown, my name will be great.
You need to want to have any real plans and how we're going to raise the money for it. No, no.
And it went on and on and on and Carolio was saying this and Tim Smith is saying it in the meantime, none of it made any sense.
Just say to John Henry, that's all. Go away. Go to the Luthmina Soda. Go to God, them cheek to Wagon, New York. Go anywhere. Go to flushing.
Flush this. Flushing Michigan. Just get out of our face. We don't want to see anymore. Okay. Nobody's interested here. Nobody cares.
Here's a mobile informer. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I just want to talk about a few things. I'm trying to be too boring.
I'm only 24 years old, but I know about enough about baseball. And that was the most disgusting thing I've seen. I've heard, I almost drove my car off the road this morning when I heard that interview.
Yeah. Oh, they played this? I didn't see it last night because I was on a way to work. But the worst team played that interview this morning. And I just about drove my car off the road.
I mean, I was waiting for P-Rose to literally punch him in the mouth. He should have. He should have. He should have just flattened him right there.
I would have been standing on the ocean. Neil, I mean, even I mean, for something quite fake for something happened 10 years ago. I mean, I feel bad for God.
Something that allegedly happened 10 years ago. Right. Now you don't have to light P-Rose. That's fine. I respect that. But it become on. This is journalism at its worst.
Yeah. I mean, journalism, it's just a hatchet job, it's just an opportunity to strip somebody naked and just embarrass and humiliate them in front of millions of people for no good reason at all.
I'll tell you this. Look at all the scumbags we got in sports. Okay. I mean, just zillions of them. Peter Warwick playing our granddad. He didn't kill anybody. But he plays out there for FSU on Saturday after basically stealing $400 worth of clothing.
I mean, you got all these other scumbags, Benning McClain. There's a zillions of them. Guys in the NFL, drug dealers, drug users. Nobody cares about that.
They basically single this guy out like he's got to be the Messiah. They're going to put him up out across and crucify him and see if he can come back to life.
I'll tell you one thing. I'll never buy that GE stock now. Good. Hey, let me tell you the other thing. You want to talk about poetic justice. Guess who's getting divorced?
Yeah, see it. How it's turned. Yeah. Talk about poetic justice.
Who cares? And have a great day, pal. Love you. Somebody said that to me yesterday. Oh, how was he the more I said, yeah, and and five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 to also by the way, misinformation.
God calls here on Friday. He's probably not alive anymore. They got to call about the devils pasta. I knew it sounded too good to be true. Oh, there's zero carbs in it. There's no carbs. It's spinach and art at choke. He's probably choking on it right now.
So I rush after the hockey game Friday. I rush over there to public. I go in and where they have the regular pasta. They have to pull the devils pasta's art at choke and this and whatever loaded with carbs like any other pasta. He's probably reading the cholesterol numbers or something like that.
41 carbohydrates per serving, which their idea of a serving is like a little, yeah, a finger full loaded with carbs. It's pure carbohydrates. What in God's name are you talking about my fat friend with your wishful thinking?
God, what's the use? What's the use? People will convince themselves of anything and he's probably sitting there. He's probably got a bit. He's probably got it in the bathtub like I suggested there on Friday.
Just with the big four sitting there on the floor next to the tub. It's good. No carbs. I feel good now, but I'll get over it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir.
I got a story about the Miami Herald.
I'm listening, sir.
Okay. We got a call from one of the ladies there. We have a tutorial service and she called about working, wanting to hire the service.
I didn't know Spanish. She got mad at me. She told me, no, I'm not going to deal with someone that doesn't appreciate Spanish heritage or blah, blah, blah.
I'm up on me three months later. We're trying to advertise at the Miami Herald.
You don't know Spanish?
Yes, I haven't had Spanish last name, but it's difficult for me to speak Spanish.
Why is that? You said advertise.
Yes, but it's difficult for me to talk because I was raised here in Miami.
So, anyway, for a race?
Yes.
And did you see?
No, here in Miami.
Okay.
And then, like lately, three, four weeks ago, we tried to advertise at the Herald and this lady, Elizabeth Rojas.
She's a lady that called us and she's the one handling the account and I told her no.
Four weeks trying to get in contact with the Herald trying to advertise with them.
I know this is how to fight customer.
Okay, thanks.
I advertise with the paperwork in English. How's that?
Like the Sun Sentinel.
56670560, boy, they're pretty deadly here this morning already.
£560 on the AT&T wireless line with all this stuff going on and these people are like born in a coma.
Maybe they watched the Panthers their Flies game last night.
Beezer, Beezer, three shutouts in a row for the Beezer Jody Hellscore's the only real goal in the game.
And by the way, Denise, I hate to break the news to you.
He didn't kick in and then, oh, that telecast last night.
I bet your Rimmer goes into hiding for a month now.
You thought the game was bad?
The telecast was just unbelievable.
Was that Mark Parrisher from the Latin East?
No.
No, it looked to me like Bill Stewart.
I mean, the cam Stewart.
Oh my God.
And I wonder why we got all those thousands of NPCs out there?
You know, the Burrey thing is starting to get on my nerves a little bit.
I do realize you don't want to rush them back and all this other stuff.
You don't want to rush the Russian, but somebody had to get a hold of the Russian Mafia
and tell them we're going to have to make an offer.
Can't refuse if he doesn't.
He'll often start playing Sunal Relator.
You know, for 10 million a year, Sunal Relator, we'd like to see out there, sweetheart.
21 before 11 at 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Were you fudge back in?
The way I move around when I go to
I cause a Mamba Muf from the Mursu.
I'm the toilet seat that swings away to the Mamba Beach
to raid your place, so we're going out of load.
And I'm all through the Russian ones in.
I got to do a little bit of faith, better show like these.
I like to make my high knees nice and big.
I don't have to push, I'm in control.
When I move inside the site, I have the toilet bowl.
I never have to spray it, it comes out hold.
It looks a little like a 2-0.
I just wait through the left, I just wait through the right.
From T-N-3 to T-N-4, I'll tell you.
I don't see all you burning calories, I can never ever get a big red ring.
That's why we track guys who can't lose the exercise.
It has enough fun when they mix up my bowl moving up or two.
Hey, look at me, Alex. I'm going to Mamba.
Come on, it's a little bit of a wheel.
He's dead off the top of it.
Get it, get it, get it.
10-44-560 WQM.
We won't say the Boker brides just a little bit caught in that time warp from the 50s.
Is he caught in the time?
He's okay.
It's part of his choice.
Anyway, guy comes up to me to hockey game Friday night before I forget this.
Very nice gentleman speaking of no speaking English.
He's not, he's spoken with very well.
But he just hates you like poison.
And you want to know why he hates you like poison?
He's Puerto Rican.
Oh, well, speaks.
I thought in a Korean War for the United States of America.
Good, said lots of Cubans.
So did a lot of other Puerto Ricans too.
Yeah.
And he says you're a possible Cuban and you hate to like poison.
And you're a little acid.
Yeah, you got a good point.
He's a very nice man.
And those terrible things.
I bet you were going to get some Puerto Ricans call here today.
Let's get some nice Puerto Ricans college show today.
What do you say?
Come on.
Tell George to stop picking on the guy to import a weekend because he's a professional
little Cuban even though he's been denying it all these years.
Only I told a guy that's true.
Only in the last few months has George finally really come out of the professional Cuban closet.
Over at IOD he kept it very well hidden.
Once we came over here.
Once we came over to this place where I guess he figured, wow, you know, it's not a real place anyway.
Which he's right.
And he started becoming a little medic.
Of course, once he went on the air, that was it.
That was the end of his closet days as a professional militant Cuban.
So the Puerto Ricans I hate George like poison.
Just a bulletin for you.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
Pretty good.
Go back to something I hope you like.
The mid 70s Toronto Maple Leafs.
What was wrong with that?
Well, what does that mean?
Going back to something you hope I like.
The more I think he's Maple Leafs.
Well, I think you will leave, Stan.
What does that have to do with now?
Who cares about the 60s Maple Leafs?
What does that mean?
Well, I would just want to know.
No, I don't like.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What a moron you are, sir.
You're 150 years old.
Nobody told you you're dead yet.
You're one of the millions of people we got down here.
The walking dead.
All these people that want to live in the past.
Nobody, including me, cares about the 70s Maple Leafs.
It's almost a guy named your 2000.
I care about the Maple Leafs to beat Montreal 3 to 1 Saturday.
How?
That are tied for the division lead with 13 points.
Those are the Leafs I care about.
Not back in the 70s, not in the 60s.
Those are the kind of so-called sports fans we got down here.
A bunch of old farts living in the distant past.
Living, that's the reason this town is so out of step
with the real world.
Because most of the people here are either living some place
else in their mind.
I don't want to mention no country.
Or like this guy, they're living in the past.
Something I really like.
Do I like?
No.
Blow it out your ass, man.
Get a life.
Get with it.
Get a calendar.
You'll be amazed to see it's not the 70s anymore.
God.
So many boring people in this town and so little time.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, this is Jim Gray character.
Yeah.
If you remember.
You know something, a bullet in the brain would be too good for him.
And it is the most animal you find the brain probably in his lifetime.
I know you don't like boxing, but you did an interview during that one
Tyson bit, Evander's ear.
By the way, I'm glad you mentioned Tyson.
Nice fight again.
Another fake fight.
Okay.
Hit the guy way after the bell and the guy can't get up.
And now it's no decision.
And another fake fight.
Nice going.
But anyway, you keep paying to see those.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Yeah, what a joke.
Anyway.
Here's what I was calling about.
When he did that interview with Mills Lane after the fight, you know he bit him once.
He let him continue.
Then they bit him again and he disqualified him.
Yeah.
The question to Mills Lane was, did you disqualify him because of the first fight or because of the second fight?
And the answer should have been by this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Can you imagine the question itself?
I mean, come on.
They pray some because he was asking some tough questions.
Yeah, oh yeah.
He's a really crazy man.
Yeah.
I mean, come on.
The guy's pathetic.
It's embarrassing.
And I don't know anyone who saw this.
This was one of the lowest moments in the history of television.
I can't believe that every line on this board is informing it to mouth with people that just want to spew venom against him.
Gray, rightfully so this was the lowest moment in history of my tube.
Dispecable.
I appreciate you letting me spew some of that venom.
Okay.
Thanks.
We're going to see you burning hell, Jim.
Gray, I'll tell you that.
I sure as hell hope I get there and I'm pretty sure I will just so I can see you burning right there next to me.
Jim Gray, you piece of crap.
Subhuman garbage.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Any Puerto Ricans gone?
Huh?
No.
No.
Maybe we don't have any Puerto Ricans beside that one guy who came up to me at the game the other night.
Maybe I should tell him what he's saying.
He said, I love you, man.
I get it.
I have to say to you.
No, he doesn't get it.
Sure he gets it.
No, he does not get it.
You'd like to see him get it.
He's going to be at the pizza lot to say hi, is that a good?
Oh, good.
I'll point out to you, or I'll show you which one he is.
He's going to his nice collection.
He knows him in the nice.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Pali?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I was once hooked up with NBC Sports as a production assistant and a runner.
But might before the game they had production meetings.
He was not the one that had the questions written down.
He was told what they say, Neil.
Really?
Who did that, the projector, the producer?
The projector?
Yeah, that's like a producer.
Yeah.
They tell him what to do when they say it.
They want controversy.
He's just a conduit, Neil.
It's not his fault.
He was told what to say.
He had an earpiece this ear.
They kept pushing.
And when they saw, they went on to the second part of the question, the third part of the question.
So in other words, it was the whole NBC network.
They're not just Jim Gray.
We don't want a single amount.
He was the executor.
Yeah.
Why did they screw NBC then?
I don't ever need to watch NBC again.
Well, in the lowest flip-off, they should lose space for the Olympics too.
Right.
But they got the guy with a speech defect doing the news.
Yeah, the projection.
All right.
They're helping it.
Okay, I ask you a question, Neil.
Over the, we lived.
There's this pet smart and there's pets of that.
And then there's the party supermarket.
In between the two stores.
That's right by the Anica where my car broke down last night.
There's a little, a little place that has the zirts in there.
I've never been in there.
I've never, I've never been in that strip thing.
Okay.
Thank you.
What?
Yeah.
Thank you for what?
Oh, he wanted to ask me about the place, but I've never been in there.
No, he wanted to ask me about the job that since I've never been in there.
I can't tell him.
So he said, thank you.
That's it.
What's the matter, George?
You just don't get it.
The Puerto Ricans get it.
You just don't get it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And of course, my thing.
I guess I must be the only person in the world.
It's just my bad luck.
Maybe I'm already in hell.
Maybe God's punishing me already, you think?
Uh-huh.
Service column lock.
$40,000 car.
And it moves every day.
When it feels like it.
You go somewhere.
You get in the car.
And it starts.
No problem starting.
And the yesterday was just locked up.
First, sometimes it'll say pull key.
Wait 10 seconds.
And I'm thinking, yeah, pull this.
And you pull the key out.
You wait 10 seconds.
You wait 30 seconds.
You put it back in there.
Oh, service column lock.
And your steering wheel is frozen.
Like the goddamn North Pole.
What kind of a car is that?
What kind of a computer is that?
What kind of a mainiac,
a main event of computer that freezes up the steering?
And by the way, wouldn't it be nice to be going
about 75, 80 miles an hour in I-75?
When all of a sudden,
oh, service column lock.
Of course, on I-75,
depending on which part of it you're on,
you could go a long way straight ahead.
Until that magic moment.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Niela, that's just anti-faptivizer, isn't it?
Yeah, anti-fapt, huh?
That's the only one where it can't steal his own car.
This is actually amazing.
You're pretty knowledgeable about the very subject
in Broward County.
And this is one that has me stumped.
And maybe you can get an answer.
The seminal Indians are building a din facility
and coconut creaker.
You familiar with that?
Well, it's on.
It's off.
It all depends on what the government rules
whether they can open it or not.
Yeah, I mean, the construction just let you know it's underway.
They all built in phase one by January.
Yeah.
My question to you is that,
why is this going to be allowed?
Why is what going to be allowed?
A class two gaming facility in coconut creak.
Why not?
Because the Indians, what right do they have to open up
and I'm saying coconut creak?
Why don't they open up in Coral Springs
or why they open up in Hollywood?
What difference does that make?
Because I did that on the land, don't they?
You're asking me?
I don't know.
Maybe they bought the land.
I haven't got any idea.
Maybe they bought the land with all the other money that they make it.
For crying out loud, we butcher the massacre
like a bunch of cockroaches.
Why not give them an opportunity to get the money back, sir?
Why don't they open it in Coral Springs?
How about Okahumpka Turnpike Plaza?
That sounds pretty good.
That's a good spot.
How about the Inemsville?
You're pretty knowledgeable on a lot of things, Neil.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's going to be comedy day here at QAM.
You can tell already.
Can't you?
These calls?
It's comedy day.
What about those maple leaves from the 70s, Neil?
You ought to like that.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Hey, five at the game Friday night.
Yeah.
Turned out to be a pretty good game.
Yes, it was.
I was a little disappointed with the crowd.
Not only in the time.
You better get used to it, sir.
I'm not going to sit here and belly ache about the crowds
because that's what you see is what you're going to get.
Yeah, it was a little displeant.
I was hootin' Hollerna a little bit.
But in short, the crowd in L.A.
at their big new arena they had last night,
the thousands of empty blue seats.
And by the way, because the Yankees were playing in the world serious,
if you would have seen the crowd again at Madison Square Garden
with the zillions of empty seats,
you would have understood that.
There's only so much money to go around.
Yeah, that was my first time in here this year.
But in short, my buddy and I,
we had almost the entire road ourselves,
and in the real ahead of us,
we had two attractive ladies.
Well, here you go.
Well, this is what's interesting.
During the first tour, we actually hit it off.
I shared a couple beers together and bought them around
and it was going pretty good.
And then I looked at my right and said,
hey, there's new riders.
They spun around like Linda Blair says,
where, where, where?
I said, well, it's the ugly guy over there with that ugly blue light jacket on over there.
And she says, oh, you listen to him.
And with tremendous pride, I said, yes, I do.
Oh, he's disgusting.
I said, look, it's just a radio show.
Yeah, Neil.
They never turned around and said one more word to was the rest of the night.
I love it.
So the most bitches that stand from it.
Oh, there was the right dude.
Screw you bitches.
They're less than right now.
Okay, I didn't your favor, pal.
Trust me.
Yeah, yeah, I think you did, buddy.
You wouldn't want to catch that anyway.
Have a great day.
How do you like that?
Oh, he's disgusting.
See, like I've said, a million times before,
the woman in the town, 90% of them,
they got no sense of humor at all.
Humorous.
There's a bunch of people who are watching,
they're watching, they're watching,
they're watching, they're watching, they're watching,
they're watching, they're watching, they're watching,
they're watching, they're watching, they're watching, they're watching,
they're watching, they're watching, they're watching, they're watching,
they're watching, they're watching, they're watching, they're watching,
they're watching, they're watching, right.
The Rock Sports Radio 5'16 seasoning.
HIII!
ocham missions.
You come here every year.
Ooh.
Oh, global soul.
Very stupid.
My mobila wing had some reason.
It's like, think I only had one eye.
Will you eat like pigs and you dress like slabs
Clog a highways with your cars?
And?
Be aware.
The one thing worse than a restaurant
is to see you win above.
Where are we?
God keep our stays.
How?
Since Canadian free.
I am one way to get on air Canada for thee.
But but but but.
Oh, Florida, please make the flags.
Oh, Florida.
I love it.
I want to win at 560 WQM.
What do we got to the Hank at Chulis?
I will be doing a show from Calderon.
I got to 9.
Here comes the 11 on the outside and 4.
I lost.
Hank will be at Chulis today from 2 to 5.
Hank and Nat more from 5 to 6.
We got the Booster 6 to 8.
The Atlanta Falcons and the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Another horrendous Monday night matchup NFL football game.
Almost as bad as the Thursday night game that we had with the
Eravans.
He had to be a raven idiot to listen to it.
God.
You can't complain about the talent and the quality of the play in the NFL
because there isn't any.
Just unbelievably bad.
Horendous boring.
You watch over somebody calling.
Oh, you didn't like that dolphin game was real exciting yesterday.
Yeah.
Almost exciting is the Panther game last night.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, the reason the Indians are allowed to build on that up and
cook in a creek is because the state of Florida gave them that land in exchange for
putting the turnpike right through the reservation.
How do you like that?
There you go.
And there's your answer.
They got like five acres up there in exchange for the five acres that they took
to their freaking land.
They can do whatever they want.
And if the federal government says go ahead and build a full flood casino, they're going
to do it.
Exactly.
But that's why they just gave land in coconut creek in exchange for letting them put
the turnpike right through their property.
Well, God bless the Indians.
I agree.
Thank you, sir.
I can see there.
Of course, my caravan's in there anymore.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami is gone.
13 minutes and 42 seconds later.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I'm just calling about the ferret, this gentleman Gray.
A couple of thoughts.
I called New York last night, got NBC on the phone.
The woman last night, late at night, said that this was the most calls that they've ever
gotten.
Good.
Exceeding OJ incredibly.
But they were appalled.
And even the workers at NBC were bashing Gray on the phone, both in Miami when I called
there as well as work.
Well, the guy before that says he worked with NBC, he says it wasn't his fault.
He was just the pimped that the producers put him up to it.
Yeah.
So I think that anybody atop, probably, clear stuff, and my feeling is watching this guy
over a long time.
He seems like a ferret who'd be the guy volunteering to do the job.
You know, Irony is.
And Pete Rose, great ball player, but everybody knows him to be a Creaton.
And incredibly, this guy made him a sympathetic figure.
Right.
If Pete Rose is inducted into the Hall of Fame, he should have Jim Gray doing the announcing
for him there to introduce him.
Because he did more probably one move last night to get the guy.
And then the whole step up to the podium, Jim Gray should say at the conclusion of his
introductory remarks.
And Pete, you want to admit it now or what?
You got it.
One way of panicking before you put you in there.
Yeah, it was pretty shameful.
You know, I was on the phone.
I was watching with my son last night.
It was one of those little moments where you're pointing out some of the older fellas
and what they did.
They didn't look like too much standing there last night.
But you know, little Yogi and Sandy could strike them all out and all the rest.
And it was a nice moment.
You know, it was a good moment for NBC.
It was incredible.
It swung as far as it didn't get in the direction.
Yeah, they took something really great and enjoyable and they turned it to pure instant
crap.
It was amazing.
I went from almost a middle aged here in my eye to infuriated.
You know, I'll let you run.
Thank you.
Okay.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Jim Gray, man.
He's the anti-Christ NBC.
It's the crap network.
Okay.
Desperate.
Desperate.
And I'm glad that Cautious and the Joe Morgan at PiFace Joe Morgan sat there with
egg on their poised because if anybody deserves it, especially Cautious, little corpi
jackass who thinks that the entire universe, especially baseball, that the entire world
revolves around his puny little pathetic body.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, Toronto native long time, listen, the first time call.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Good.
How you doing?
Great.
Hey, nobody cares about the 70s leaves.
I mean, I remember Darryl, Sutler and Dave, you know.
Yeah, too, but we don't want to talk about it.
Right.
No.
Neil.
I got a friend of mine who's in town from up north.
He's never heard of the self-a-king.
Any chance you can play the self-a-king.
There's a chance.
Thank you, Neil.
Have a good day.
And the see ya.
Hey.
I thought he actually called to talk about something like that guy.
Did he?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, we've got a lot of stuff on the table here today, but as usual, man, it's Monday,
you know.
Don't expect too much in Monday.
Do I expect much?
Plus, we got the ratings coming out about a half an hour.
That it's going to be pretty weak.
It's going to be pretty weak.
I think our summer book is going to be like most summer books used to be.
Last year we had a good summer book, I think, didn't we?
I believe.
But I think this year it's going to be not too good.
And the morning, Paul, can you imagine B-4?
I bet your B-4 is sitting on the throne right now.
I bet you made a B-line out of here and he got home as fast as he could.
And he's sitting in there with his national geographic and he's sitting on the throne.
I mean, his sports illustrated sitting on the phone.
I'll throw him right now because that morning, the morning number in the last trend was
precipitously.
I mean, it was a disaster.
And if by some chance, September turned out to be not so good, it could be.
And you know how paranoid and delusional he gets.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, you know, people like Tom Jicker right in the several.
That is a good line though, Tom, about to the Leopard colony, but nevertheless.
Like that station is on the air.
Like anybody's talking about that station.
It'll be interesting to see if Don I'm a man who bought the farm and that's all he talks about
is the guy named Farman, his brother.
It'll be interesting to see if he makes any impact.
I have a very strong feeling that I can assure again.
They're going to be a no-show.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
OK.
Good.
Listen, I think that whole damn marino thing was staged.
Meaning that they told them that either you could go down and take a dive or we're going to bench you.
I just have to pull heward in.
No, yeah, heward.
Well, is that your name, sir?
He sure looked good yesterday.
Didn't he, sir?
No, he didn't.
For maybe junior high school quarterback.
He looked really good.
Didn't he, Jack Nass?
No, the marino back should there for you.
Don't listen to any.
OK.
They're a bunch of ungrateful pricks.
Oh, yeah.
He won.
This kid.
He won the game.
Did he do?
No.
Stuck the joint out.
OK.
Mediocre at best.
Nice interception.
No one I touched down.
Let the girls team back into the game.
Like I said, no matter what you do for the people in this town, you might as well be farting into a her cane.
Because there will be a whole long line of assholes just like this guy.
50,000 deep.
Waiting to rip you an ass.
Eight minutes after 11 at 5.
60 WDQAM.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
Listen to me.
This is Stand Bindsney for sofa king.
You understand?
Where everything is held to the high sofa king's standards.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's sofa king huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's prices aren't as low.
They're sofa king low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sofa king as a beautiful store, I mean sofa king beautiful.
When I say steppe is helpful, I mean sofa king helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's sofa king huge.
A steppe that's sofa king, courteous.
And prices that are sofa king low, you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You said it Frankie.
So fucking good.
1113 at 560 WDQM.
Service column lock.
I will.
Maybe the three worst words in English language.
Service column lock.
And you notice we haven't had one call from anybody else either time.
I had to think with the 97 vet.
Remember that with the, whatever the loss engine power, whatever the hell that thing wants.
Also a computer glitch.
Never had to call about it then.
And never had to call about this either.
I'm the only one.
I'm the lucky guy.
Maybe nobody else has got a Corvette like I got.
That runs only when it feels like it.
Hardford Connecticut.
City shuts down Virgin Mary Shrine.
Oi.
The city has removed a shrine building a city park after a faith here claimed to see a vision of the Virgin Mary in a tree.
Well, she's here and gets around.
Oh, she clear water Florida.
Hollywood Florida.
And now Hartford Connecticut.
Not to mention Athens, Joja or is Conjures Joja.
The Locust tree began attracting crowds in August when Roman Gordel said he saw Mary in the spaces between the branches of the tree.
The Virgin Mary was in the spaces between the branches of the goddamn tree.
Since then others have said they saw the vision too.
It's like when you see a cloud formation in the sky.
Oh, look at that.
It's George Washington.
And everybody says, oh, yeah, there it is.
There is the wig.
Gordel's built a shack at the site, which has been filled with candles, photos and statues.
The city originally said it would allow the shrine to remain if Gordel's made improvements, including the installation of smoke detectors.
Now, why would you need a smoke detector if you got the Virgin Mary in there?
What the hell is wrong with you people, man?
She's not going to let no fire go get started in there.
But last week the city ordered it to take it down, citing a lack of building permits and city code violations.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Virginia key.
Hello.
Are you going to Dave?
Okay, sir.
I had to buy a pass at the beginning of your show so I could hear the whole Jesse Venture interview with Diane Rehm on LRN.
Yeah.
And I just wanted to give you a little bit of an update.
He kind of reiterated what he said in Playboy that she cornered him on the religious issue.
And he hymned in hot and a caller called an animated statement he agreed with that he didn't want this country run by a whole bunch of freaking fearcrats.
Yeah.
Which is exactly what we all agree with.
And also when cornered on the drug policy said I'm not going to talk about hypothetical situations but the drug war is an inquisitable failure.
Yeah.
So that was also nice to hear someone say on a venue like that.
Well, the governor of New Mexico has already said that in fact I got a big piece from yesterday's paper about that.
Right.
And he's not involved with a bunch of lunatics in the reform party like Donald Trump and Pat Buchanan that Nazi.
I mean see that I'm losing my interest in Jesse Venture very rapidly because he's you know why doesn't he distance himself from these people especially Pat Buchanan.
I mean Donald Trump is his man.
I don't I don't I don't know what is not what is Donald Trump got to do with politics.
What did he ever do?
What is his policy on anything?
What is he stand for?
What's the last thing we need in office is somebody who overseas will be looked at as a fat cat.
But the reason why I like the fact that Venture is saying these things I don't particularly agree with him being a policy teacher.
I don't think I'll ever vote for him.
But the nice thing is that someone is going into a venue with encodes that much power.
Right.
And it's saying these things.
I agree.
And the more people that it's like it's like national coming out here.
But the problem is that he's detracting from the credibility of it by associating himself with this party with his so-called political party that's a circus.
It's like a clown party.
Well, I think it takes any credibility away from what he's saying.
I think that it will allow the opportunity for other people and other parties now to be encodes come out of the closet.
And the reality closet will start saying...
About religion?
Uh, and a public?
Inhaled now, pal.
I already do.
I'll bet you do.
Okay, I have a great day.
I'll let you know what I exhale.
Come on.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
Yes, every time we think we got somebody up there.
Oh, yeah, listen, he really said it.
And he's really, yeah.
And that comes out to fight out.
He's a bit of a simple dance.
And Nazis.
The reform party, uh,
reform this and that little, uh, little ass with the big ears.
Got to roll up our sleeves and do, do, do.
The fact that anybody, including the people in the media,
the fact that anybody could seriously be discussing Donald Trump as a contender for like dog catcher is ludicrous.
Based on what?
What political experience?
What international experience?
Other than gambling and having a couple of bad divorces?
What, uh, what?
Based on what?
Oh, but he's a, uh, you know, he's a media.
He's an icon.
He's an icon of what?
Maybe instead of an icon, we ought to elect a diva.
How would that be, huh?
Yeah, an icon in a diva.
Yeah, vent middle of the vice president.
Anything to keep a rance out of this town out of sunrise.
That freaking bitch.
See the thing that I don't understand.
Is that value state already paid for the tickets?
They're cheap, you know, like rumor.
That's why they went to the thing on Sunday after she shined everybody and stuck it to him on Friday.
And then try to try to get into cancel a Panther game and move it from Saturday.
So if you could do her fat ass thing there on Saturday.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Lady in Miami.
What's somebody coaching her in the background?
Hello?
Oh, this is being to be intriguing, isn't it?
Believe me in Miami, that's not going to be on.
Okay, two, like five six seven, oh five sixty.
There was our lady call for the day.
Like I said, we have no women listening to this show.
Don't come to me in a lie.
Okay.
About all the women listening to this show.
Because it's not possible that we could have like more than five women listening to this show.
And I'm not even going to talk about it anymore.
What's the views?
What's the point?
We have the game players.
We have the snores who of course won't be calling anymore because they will never give anything away on this show again.
What's the use?
Who cares?
Bye bye ladies.
All four of you.
Okay?
Even a not-slanding lady, a big last week for her to call.
What's the point?
She's gone.
She moved on in life.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, you're okay.
I'm wondering if you're caught the comedy act that served as the Hispanic Heritage Chaf Time Show at Jorabi Sunday.
No, why would I watch the halftime show?
I was funny.
Did they show the halftime show on television?
I didn't know if you're there or what.
Let me tell you.
They bring this guy out.
They bring this thing, this Latin thing around.
And the worst lip thing you've ever seen in your life.
I mean, they didn't even bother plugging in the instruments.
Electric guitars out there pretending these performing,
Megan really just a jackass of himself.
Yeah.
And he gets up there and they're talking about Hispanic heritage.
I'm just hilarious.
Maybe there's probably more entertaining than the game.
Yeah, actually, parts that was.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, let's rip the Cubans.
Okay, there you go.
That'll be a lot of calls on the board.
Let's rip the Cubans.
Let's rip the Spanish language.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
communicate.
OK, today is the birthday of the master Pablo Picasso.
Wow!
And I would like to share with you something.
Yeah, well, better later, member.
Pablo a.
Pablo Diego Jose Francisco de Paula Juan.
Ne pomuceno, Trispin, Cristiano de la Santissima, Trindaz, Ruiz, Epicazo, was born in 1881 in Malaga, Spain, today.
Oh, he put a one-powl.
Wow. Of Spain was the most prolific of all painters in the whole world.
It's amazing he had time to paint with a name that long, you know.
Yeah, that's true.
Okay, let's not go. Have a great day.
27 after 11 at 5, 60 George's Yawning, so I know almost.
He just had his biography. He was an asshole.
Okay, let me tell you right now about what?
The concept.
I don't care.
Real prick.
So who cares is it?
I know.
It was one of those RC Farsi-like candy roll.
He was an asshole too and couldn't paint.
Kim Bocappard talks sports weekends right here on sports radio 5.6.BQ.AM.
Why are you airing shit like this?
This ball on NBC from the director of two guides, a girl in a pizza place.
It's two guys, a girl and a rabbit will breathe.
Followed by just shoot me with a bow and arrows.
This ball on NBC.
Yeah, hopefully give great a staring and I just shoot me one.
Okay.
No problem, Jim.
Level 32 at 5, 60 WQM.
So anyway, New Mexico governor, Gary Johnson, big article in the,
what's paper, what's it, something that looks like yesterday?
And if the Mexico governor, what was his carcassure's name and the work
to call him about it with the Arizona governor that was for legalization drugs?
Was it Freddie Pitt, Leonard Pitt?
What are those supposed?
A well-meaning article, but how come he can't get the state right?
Just because it's in a herald, is that the problem?
Robert Steinbach, I think that was the one.
New Mexico governor, Gary Johnson, says it's time for a new approach with this drug thing.
You understand how futile what we're doing as he says.
At what point do you reach critical mass and say enough is enough?
By legalizing drugs, we could reduce the amount of drug abuse we have in this country.
Law enforcement will be able to enforce laws we want them to, but can't,
because half their focus is on drugs.
Before Johnson's announcement, the most prominent supporters of the criminalizing drugs
included conservative commentator William F. Buckley,
and Baltimore mayor Kurt Schmokey.
He's smoking over here.
Yeah, man.
Writing in a 1996 national review article, Schmokey said that drug prohibition
reduces the number of police officers available to investigate violent crime,
fosters adulterated even poisonous drugs, and contributes significantly to the transmission of HIV.
But under a system of legalized drugs, he wrote the government would control the price,
distribution, purity of addictive substances, which it already does with prescription drugs.
This would take most of the profit out of drug trafficking and its profits that drive crime, he said.
Experts are watching the results of new Mexico's syringe exchange program,
more than 100 syringe exchange programs have been established in cities and counties around the nation,
which, according to seven federally funded studies, have significantly reduced the reuse of dirty needles
and the spread of HIV and hepatitis.
Some advocates of drug policy before may encourage an even bolder step,
direct government supply of heroin to addicts.
Johnson said the issue needs to be studied, and suggests that someday heroin might be available
to register addicts in pharmacies, even grocery stores.
Other countries have experimented with such plans.
In 1994, the Swiss government began prescribing heroin to more than a thousand addict in a clinical trial.
Heroin remains illegal, and addicts can be arrested if they have drugs on them.
In the program, the addicts are required to take their doses under medical supervision and clinics.
Two years ago, the government concluded that crime dropped 60 percent stable employment among the users rose to 32 percent from 14,
and heroin and cocaine use declined substantially.
Experts noted that the government's applied drugs are purer and stronger than street drugs.
How do you like that?
Oh, it makes too much sense. We don't want to put the DEA out of business.
Do we need to go?
5'6'7", we got 7200 open lines here.
Now, 5'6'7", 0'5", 60", 0'5", 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Miami Beach.
Yeah, real.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I was calling to see the Dureed Article, not the ballplayer, Billy Bean.
Now, in the hospital, the heart that he's gay and he's opening up that restaurant mile over here in a Lincoln road.
No.
I was, you know, well, get to read it because I want to know if you can relate to it.
I can relate to what?
You know, because he was on the plane board, nobody knew that he was gay, and supposedly you were on the air before you came on and let everybody know, right?
Yeah, the pressure of having to live a double life.
Yeah.
And you can relate to it, huh?
No, never played ball.
5'6'7", one call on the board. Look at that.
5'6'7", 0'5", 60, 0'5", 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I got a stiff neck from this audience. You know what I got a stiff.
Here's the lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Good morning.
Yes, ma'am.
First of all, here's your lady audience.
You're right.
You're the whole audience right now.
You were talking about before about the fact that women don't listen because they think you're raunchy.
Well, I'll tell you, I have all of your CDs, and I have a lot of male friends, and I've given them, you know, here, listen to this.
Without exception, they bring it back and they say, oh my god, those are so dirty.
I couldn't even listen to them by myself.
They're dirty?
Yeah, one of them.
Kind of male friends of you, God.
Bunch of pranks.
I'm sorry. Hello.
Yes, I'm listening.
Oh, my God. I'm hearing lips on here.
Just, you know, one of them is considerably younger, and he was on his way to a vacation with a bunch of his buddies, and he played.
I think the last CD was the one that had the bagpipes on it.
Uh-huh.
And he said they got through the entire thing of the bagpipes, and the guys got so freaked out, they made him take the CD out.
Oh, my God.
I thought that was really funny.
Well, what kind of people are you hanging out with?
Um, obviously too straight.
Jesus, God straight.
Too repressed.
Okay. I have a story for you about hockey.
I went to a junior hockey game Saturday night, up in Pines.
The junior madagoras were playing a new team from Miami called The Hercane.
And we noticed when the Hercane parents were sitting in the stands, that they had a bunch of beach balls with them,
and they were on various sizes, and we were all kind of puzzled, you know, what did they got the beach ball for?
We'll wait in the third quarter.
They're down the third one.
So, sorry, those shoes were pleasant.
Third period, the Hercane's finally scored their first goal.
Oh, right.
Four to one.
Uh-huh.
And they start tossing the beach balls up in the air in ecstatic fashion.
Uh-huh.
And all of us on the other side were hysterics, and I turned around to the president of the team, and I said,
if they do the ways I'm leaving.
Since when did they bring beach balls to a hockey game?
Hey, listen, uh, in this town, anything is possible.
This is our...
Even at the Macarena, the thing that gets in the most animated, they still want those t-shirts.
It's insane.
They don't even know what they're looking at, and all the people that I speak to, they say,
oh, I don't like hockey.
I can't ever follow the puck.
Well, that's the reason I love it, is because it moves so fast.
You've got a little bit of time.
Well, you know, it's interesting you mentioned that, because yesterday, you know, I'm...
I'm... I'm Chan.
I have the football package on my satellite dish.
I'm going to tell you, I have never in my life seen a sport, even baseball, which is boring, but I've never seen a sport where there is so actual little play as there is in football.
I mean, I'm flipping from one channel to another 90% of the time, they're in a commercial break.
You go back and they're standing off to the side, and the referee is scratching his ass and trying to figure out where to put the spot the ball, and they're like,
is go back in the huddle, and you're screaming, somebody snapped the ball.
Let me see a play, do something already.
God is it boring.
That's...
That's...
That's the way it was during the second period in the hockey game, the junior game, the other night.
So, they were skating around the circle.
Well, they missed the Panther game last night.
All three periods were at least consistent.
I put a yield out.
Hey guys, it's the black thing.
That's what they say when Peter Whirls on the ice, too.
Have a great day, Swine.
Okay, see you, bye-bye.
Peter Whirl, did I actually say that?
Whatever the hell is name is, the big black guy named Peter.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line of coma inducing crowd here today.
Make no mistake about that.
21 till 12, the QAM.
The best of VL99.
CD is best.
It's best.
It's perfect.
You can hit him now with six music and eight and Howard plus Westpharm and Boynton.
Catch Neil up here in life.
If he come off, 3514 Stasi University Drive and Davy tonight from 6 to 8 p.m.
So, that's the first time that's been at this point.
That's the night.
That's the night.
That's the night.
I'm freaking the night.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
We got a program director with a brain fart tomorrow night.
I knew I shouldn't have listened to it first.
Oh, but I wanted to get it out of that.
But it's wrong with this man.
What is wrong with this man?
What is wrong with this man?
You know, seriously, this is a disaster.
This year's center one campaign.
It's the 25th of October.
We were supposed to do October November, December, like we did last year.
We raised over 150 grand and wound up doing great.
Everything associated with it from the golf tournament to this promo that we just got.
Oh, yeah, come see me tonight.
Am I going to be there tonight?
No.
Maybe the middle will be there tonight.
Here comes Joe Castello all red in the face.
And there's Tommy sticking his head in the door.
What just played Joe?
Yeah, what did we just play?
In addition to what's with these long guys and rejoins, Duff Lindsey.
You know something that they're making it impossible.
You know, it's one thing we've always had obstacles thrown in our way on this radio station.
Since the day I sat down here and that was the day the boss took off for Chicago
because you assumed that all the crappy equipment wouldn't work.
And most of it didn't.
And he was right.
But Airbnb, we go into the break.
You got six, seven, eight calls all lit up on the board.
You feel like you got to sustain a little bit of activity here.
Maybe you wanted to might have something to say.
Every single break is a newscast here now.
And the rejoins keep getting longer and longer and longer to make sure that we get a full five minute to.
And a copy from the sales department keeps getting longer and longer.
Time jick is right.
We're just commercializing ourselves out of business on this station.
As soon as you hear.
There's a thing.
Every break you watch.
You see here watch the lights pop off of there like I watch an insects pop off of those yellow lights.
You know those electrical lights.
Zap.
Thank you, Duff.
You're really doing it for us, baby.
So what did he just tell you?
What did Joe just have?
They came here to tune me out for playing the wrong thing.
They said you're supposed to have played.
NCD dash to the one that says tomorrow.
And so I pointed to the computer screen and I said, you tell me.
You read that and tell me what that says.
Yeah.
You need NCD dash to.
And then in parentheses, it says tomorrow.
As in that's what the promo says.
Join you tomorrow.
Not another.
Okay. What?
Another QA mistake.
Is that it?
WQAM?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good.
Did you happen to catch 60 minutes with the carnal cruise line the best way?
No.
You didn't?
No, I was talking to the Panther game.
Oh, okay.
Well, they're talking about how much money is pumped in to carnal cruise lines and they take no taxes.
Right.
They dump oil in the water.
Right.
Because they're not under United States walls.
Right.
And they're allowed to dump oil in the water.
And then they have the bitch Kathy Lee on their kids.
Unbelievable.
You mean with her kids, all those kids?
Yeah, the bratty kids.
The bratty kids.
The bratty kids.
The bratty little kids that are making three.
No, I'm not talking about her kids.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
How are you talking about a puff these day had on Kathy Lee?
Screw Kathy Lee.
Yeah, carnival cruise lines.
Let me say it again.
We got the airport.
Now when, now when's the air going to do a 20-part series on a corruption with a guy named cruise lines with Mickey Erison?
Isn't that interesting, by the way, how they had that editorial one day where they turned on Mayor Penis?
That I read on the year, which we had no commentary about.
Isn't that interesting they had that?
And then they come out with his multi-part series about all the corruption and the shenanigans at the airport and all the billions of dollars that are being wasted.
And his name is prominently mentioned and they're over and over again.
I wouldn't find me another house if I were you mayor Penga, okay?
I think they got your push on a dartboard over there.
You had it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Good.
Two quick comments.
How can I chop mobile off for the Yankees via second basement?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Last call of the day.
Hello, Gniel.
Yes, sir.
You know, the line wants you to feel about on my Tyson.
Get back into the room.
Ever.
He's an ever again.
Ever again.
No, I'm not worried about him.
I'm worried about assholes that pay to watch him fight these far spites.
Yes.
That's what I'm worried about.
Oh.
Well, listen, I, uh, I spoke 10, 30 in the morning.
I got lucky this morning because I had to take my friends to the airport.
So I got chance to listen to you a little longer.
But, uh, my friends always tell me about all these things that you do.
Yeah.
The, uh, what's called?
The, uh, so a king and, uh, Helen Keller and all these comical things.
They're talking here.
You seem to be mad.
Yeah.
Okay, six, man.
Get a woman.
Get a job.
Get a life.
Yeah, get a life.
Be pressing.
More of it.
See, like it.
The fact I didn't like his boring material.
Your terminal pal.
Your, your week.
Get a woman.
Do I want a woman?
No.
No, that's more for you.
I'll alone think you're getting any either from the sound of it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
His friends are always telling not that he listens.
You understand?
No, not that he listens.
He's going to school probably DCC wind surfing.
Here's a mobile in western.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How can people buy into this Hollywood star in publicity with his wife?
I mean, I don't know, but I'm not talking about it.
Okay, sir.
I'm not interested.
Because he's got like a 20 million times before he's got the hype machine by the balls.
His people have the hype machine.
So every time how it's parts, everybody's got to tell you what flavor.
I don't care.
Not interested.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in deer field.
Hello.
Hey, Miguel.
Yes, sir.
First of all, 20-year listener first time caller.
And did you speak about your commercials that you were just talking about?
Yeah.
The C-page 6 of the insert in the Sun Sentinel and the TV Guide section.
It's Saturday, Sunday.
I just got through reading it a little while ago.
Tom Jicca.
Yeah, okay.
I'm going to go out of the car.
I'm going to miss it.
Sorry about you, Neil.
Have a good day.
And back to you.
I don't miss a thing, pal.
I'm right on top of it.
Does anybody have any comments about it?
No.
No.
Just the Tom Jicca piece of long we should have 25 calls on that.
But as usual, these people have got, you know, what they have to say?
Yeah.
Like that.
And this guy, this punk that calls me a couple of calls back.
Oh, you always talk so angry, so mad.
You my angry?
No.
You my mad?
No.
You my pissed?
No.
No.
No, it's PETA.
I got a big fat one in my pocket in my chest too, pal.
Okay?
Just don't squeeze it too hard.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pawn 5, 60.
And then the woman that we get before with her boring hockey story.
She was very nice lady.
The start was terminal.
And then she told me about her friends that listened to our The Best of CDs.
And think that it's dirty.
Men?
Not children.
Men.
Young men.
Like to play The Backpipes.
Which I will play by the way, just because it's old.
30. What kind of people is she hanging around with?
I guess she's hanging around with people that throw beach balls at junior hockey games or something.
What do these people do? Where do they go? What are their lives? What is it consist of? That's our question.
Any answers? No. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Hello there. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. Good evening.
I last night watching that interview with Pete Rose. I don't know if you caught that, but he missed his golden opportunity to Don King Jim Gray to say only in America. God bless America. Take care.
560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I just started the accounts diet and I have a couple questions for you. I've got like this tremendous headache. Like for the first, them on this only in the first week. I've got like a headache every single day and I was wondering if you had the same thing. No. Okay. How about
that? Yeah. Was that a problem for sure? It was. And where do you go to get all these back in vitamins? Do you have to call him or do they film at the GNC or something like that? How come our computer just went out and heard George? How come the computer screen just went on? You can go to the lights and less book or you can call them or you can. I just want to know there's another place down south of somewhere called them or whatever.
And also how many times have you lost on it and I had a question for you as well. How can I not on it? Who said that? What was that? What was that with a computer just now, by the way? I hit a button that you weren't supposed to hit.
Apparently, well don't do it again
We're bringing the Puerto Ricans in here man
Are you mad Neil? No, you're so too angry. No, don't you ask kid? Okay. Get a goddamn life Jesus. God are you people boring?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line mobile and I'll am I'm alright. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, we're on a way to the keys for a couple days and we listening to your CD on the way down
Uh-huh, I don't know. I'm looking at too much of it. It's pretty dirty man
Well problem though we book a bride. We don't find them very funny around the least
We took you an MS vote. We voted them out
No
And the fact that you got your radio on in the background that tells us all we need to know
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
See I'm not the one that's so I got a problem today. They've all got a problem
Everybody in this audience they all have a problem
Maybe that should be the theme for today. Maybe every Monday we ought to do that because Monday seemed to be real big problem days
My only problem was that my car was screwed up last night happens to the best of us
That was it
Did I get any response on that? Nobody else ever had the computer go on and freak out do something straight? No nobody else. I just me
Just me
Because I'm a bad guy
Here's Pompano. Hello
Yes, I can always tell when George is on the air because the cards are okay great
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello. Hey Neil how you doing? Okay, sir
Did you have a chance to weaken to catch Manditch on the pregame? Or did anybody call you about? No
He was talking about you know this Johnson on that team and that Johnson on you got to get the tape
He says I guess we got to keep our Johnson straight today and
It was dead silence and he came back and had danced around it a little bit. I got to keep your Johnson straight here
Yeah
It was pretty funny. That was it. I got to keep your Johnson straight here
You got it. I know you'd be on top of it. Okay. See we're on top of it
It's real scary. This is like the Blair bitch project. You know it really is scary. They're right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Mobile in pepper pine. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today, buddy? Okay. I'm doing okay
Yeah, sounds like some of these colors boy. I got real problems man lack of life lack of material lack of a life
Like a thonna I think you're off from Canada. Yeah
Or at least part of that. I thought maybe I'd get a laugh out of you
Yeah, the good day Neil that was it that was it material. He's talking about the other colors that was it
That was the call Jesus Christ
It's it's just staggered the imagination. You know, it's just mind-boggling
Here's a lady in candle hello. I
Needle how are you? Okay? I just like to say I enjoy your show very much my nice Jewish girl Mary to Mexican guy
I want to ask you I'm like there's a guy in Canada that wants to start a class action suit against circumcision really?
Yes, why cuz he says it's barbaric?
Well, I'll tell you what my husband is now. It's work of yeah, is it barbaric? Yeah, I think so
Let me have you now I live in the South Bay area and you know how you're always talking about that cart that the carpet place that you get cleaned your carpets with
Mm-hmm. They don't come to my to my area
What do you mean they don't come to homestead?
This is oh they're not gonna go down there. Yeah, who would yeah
Nobody would go down there. It's so bad down there where I don't blame them
But I wanted to let you know I move to like a real place and then I'll come and do a great job for you
I want to let you know that I do listen to your work and I laugh out really loud if everybody looks at me like I'm some kind of crazy person
But I don't care great. Have a great day. So you two now and move fast please before it's too late
Bye-bye. She lives in homestead. Oh, sorry. We'll pray for you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
I wouldn't
No matter what you do I don't care how hard you try
All you got to do is treat your life
I'm so tired of
that
risk
my
Just chill in your
But
I would invite you to come and see you.
I would invite you to come and see you.
I don't care how far you try.
I would invite you to come and see you.
I would invite you to come and see you.
We have a couple of two and five, 60 WNH.
We have a couple of two and five, 60 WNH.
We usually get 25, 26, 27 station.
That is the only way that WNH might make it.
Overall, the entire week is Monday through Sunday.
That is what station continues to be number one.
Our Schwarzer station.
A hip hop station.
You know what they play on WDDR around the clock?
That is right.
Number two is life.
A slush station.
An elevator music station.
On only inductive and dentist offices.
Number three is Raradio Amor.
A spick station.
A slush spick station.
Number four.
This is 12 plus overall.
It is power 96 with a 5.1.
A young spick-spot station.
Number five is WHQT Hot 105 with a 4.5.
Another Schwarzer station.
There we are.
There are the top five stations in the market.
Other than life, which is a slush station for people in elevators who can't get out.
It is all ethnic.
Oi!
Again!
Are there any white people in this town?
No.
Who's spick English?
No.
How do we do it?
How do you survive here?
How do you survive?
It's a miracle.
Let me ask Tom Jekyll.
What do you think, Tom?
Oh yeah.
Ask him.
Come on, Tom.
Give me a serious answer.
Come on, Valdi.
How does one survive?
If they're coming up this slowly, Jesus Christ, we can milk this whole of the last two hours with this crap.
By the way, how's WQM doing at 12 plus?
That's not our demo.
That's always a good story.
Average quarter.
Let's see.
What do we got?
Where is it?
2.9.
What was this spring book?
2.9.
Hey, my leasework is consistent.
Okay, here at QAM.
That's overall.
The whole day.
Wake up morning number comes in.
I bet you somebody is squeezing real hard right now.
You think?
Can you conjure up the image right now?
Wow.
Probably got a couple.
He's probably got a box of implements donuts.
Or maybe some of the ducking donuts.
They left it from Friday.
That's right.
He probably got those in one hand.
He's sitting there on the pot waiting for this big number.
It's going to be pretty grim.
I can tell by the look on the push of our program director.
He had a real long look on his face.
Oh, what is this?
Person 18 to 34.
Is that our demo?
No.
No, get out of here with this.
Not our demographic.
QAM, 2.6, 2.6.
I don't get it.
No changes, pal.
It must be the non- Johnson book.
Okay, let's take a couple of these calls here and get rid of them.
Here's a plantation.
Hello.
I'm not interested.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, now.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to run a couple things past you.
But when you were talking about your car.
Yeah.
I had a cattle act that I turned the key on one time and it said that you had a way for it in the whole
of the whole of the world.
Anyway, it's the same thing.
4.5 hours computer blurp.
What you got to live with that stuff, I guess, if you wanted any theft of life.
I think I wanted to tell you what.
If you wanted any theft of life, you have to live with the car.
Anything that's just computer in the car.
Same thing with computer like George sitting in the wrong button or something.
You never know what computer is going to go down on you.
Well, that's great.
That's a pop-up listing.
The thing I wanted to run by was that I thought to be four.
I'm going to wait 630 pounds a year to go July.
Oh, yeah.
I know.
And you scared me down to, could you talk about food every day?
You talk about the good food to get and then you're scared me with all the other stuff.
So I was, this July hit through 70.
So I lost all that weight in the year but I've spoiled.
So my wife has taken over and she's got me starting to remember first this body for life.
Did you ever read that?
Body for life?
Yeah.
It's 12 weeks to health and physical and mental health.
Physical and mental health?
Yeah.
It's pretty much up the atkins.
You know, a high protein low carburet.
It's a high protein low carbure with a lot of exercise.
Yeah.
Because I'm stalled now.
She's going to do it with me and we'll go through this thing for 12 months.
But the other thing I wanted to tell you was, and you scare me every day with this crap.
With what?
I got one on 40 seconds.
Well, how about the not sliding lady or her uncle, about 50 seconds?
That's what I mean.
I'm 46.
I got three boys, you know?
Yeah.
And that leads to the other thing I wanted to tell you, and then I could offer them when I keep it going.
But I have a 13 year old son who was diagnosed with autistic.
And now is pretty well.
He's doing real good.
He's in school.
He's pretty smart.
And I like the thing.
He always says he knows as much as he always kids around about how he knows as much about hockey as you do.
You know, except you've lived longer.
So naturally, but there was one day when you were giving out tickets and he was homesick and he was naming...
He was hitting every number.
I think he missed three or four numbers, but he was close to it.
And he wasn't reading the sheet, but the other thing was you were nice enough to give us tickets one time.
Down at the first row, right up against the ice.
And he said she had a real nice letter about it.
And...
Yes, he did.
Anyway, he took his seven year old brother.
But what I wanted to get to is...
Please, please.
I don't want to sound impatient, but please say something.
Please.
Thank you.
I'm pleading.
You're going to yell at me.
He and I had an argument all weekend about this beret thing.
And I said berets were worse because of this growing point.
You just don't have growing pulse.
You usually last this long.
That's not true.
But what about Melanie?
He almost broke his neck and he's skating the beret.
He had a kid, he had a mild concussion.
Yeah, but I mean...
A growing problem is a chronic problem that can last for months.
It can come and go and go and if he aggravated.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
You did a lot of things.
You did a lot of things.
If you ride your cars, sports, all ready, the old W2L.
Hi there, boys and girls.
The day is a very extra special thing, stopped by.
Show us all about something really special.
Oh, you meant the door right now.
Come on in the front, man.
I already already.
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, he's filming me.
Oh, I wonder what he was doing there?
He looks like the...
What's that?
Oh, that's me back boy.
He's on the peg.
Hey, whoo, what do I touch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Whoo, whoo, whoo.
Run your hands over there.
Hey, sort of.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey, what's this right here?
That is my blowpipe.
What, what do you do with a blowpipe?
You blow it, lad.
Blow it.
You blow out.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Oh, can I do that?
Then would you like to blow my pipe, laddy?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
OK.
Come on laddy.
You got to put your mouth around it laddy.
Don't be afraid it's not going to break.
I'm going to like this.
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it all the way down your throat.
It's bigger.
Hey, it means you're doing it right.
What's this over here?
That's midshander.
What do I do with that?
What you do with that laddy is you put your both hands.
On it, you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Oh, no.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do laddy is you want to blow on the pipe.
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
But OK.
Go together all at the same time.
OK, here we go.
Good laddy.
Hey, that's good laddy.
Sure.
Hey, it's good laddy.
Keep going.
More harder ladders.
Other.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze more.
Let's run your hands up and down the shaft.
Quick.
Faster.
Run your hands up and down faster.
It's slow.
Oh, oh, oh.
Hey, you're doing it right.
I'm going to play with that.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
We can have a little bit again.
After the kids, they birthed, maybe.
OK, now you now you understand why she was going to some like little league or a kid's hockey game or something.
Because she ends up out with guys who are like.
How could anybody think that that bit was dirty or not funny or anything else negative.
Better get to new friends, sweetheart.
So anyway, what the hell is WMGE FM?
That's the station that used to be she that was then the planet and that is now playing disco music.
Which all of a sudden in men 2554.
This is the whole week has gone from nowhere from a tied 18 with a 2 point.
Nowhere to a 5.8 and number two in the market and men.
So like I said, and I'm looking all the ethnic stations on here before we get to breakdown.
It's going to be a disaster book for this station and anybody else who speaks English.
All the ethnic stations went zooming up and this.
So the answer is there were no straight men who speak English who got diaries.
Disco music.
That's the only thing I've ever heard on there.
They play anything besides disco do we know.
So all I've ever heard WMGE FM taking the market by storm.
Very first time out of the box with the new call letters and the new format with a 5.8 closing in on big.
Men listening to disco music.
Here's Delray Beach.
Delray Beach.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I listen frequently and I just have a question.
I'll hang up.
What is your criteria for a good call?
Somebody with something to say.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Okay.
Somebody has something to say and wants to have a conversation.
Something that might be interesting that people are listening and maybe to me.
Maybe interesting.
I'm using whatever and quite if I had one today.
No.
And that wasn't it either.
What is my criteria?
Now what are my criterion?
What is my criteria?
What are my, you don't even have his grammar right?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Got 8 million open lines here today.
And Monday's do we get any good calls on Monday?
No.
Very rarely and that was not one, sir.
He listens very frequently and what are your criteria for a good call?
When I get one, I'll let you know a panel, okay?
I'll give you the big...
We'll give you the buzzer.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
You're now.
Yes, sir.
Enjoy the show.
First time call a long time, listen.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I'll show you my spy report for the hell again.
I know you like this.
Yeah.
And paste 2C.
Yeah.
And the spy report that shows Miami at open at 405 or whatever.
Already got it, sir.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
By the way, I forgot.
Here's sunrise.
Okay.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Last week you had a caller calling about some...
The holopassa instead of with a...
He's full of crap, yes.
Well, I went looking on the shelf for that.
I didn't see anything like that.
Somebody kind of wiped out though, but...
Have you ran into that?
It's got 41 grams.
The guy was an idiot, man.
It's got 41 grams of carbs in your average serving,
in a small serving.
It's loaded with carbohydrates.
Okay.
That's what I thought.
I went looking for spinach and all this other stuff.
And they were loaded.
I'll say that.
And they were loaded with carbs.
That guy.
In fact, that guy we ought to get flowers from.
Okay, they're probably going to bury on this.
Yeah, he was looking at it.
Point O.
Oh, God.
Whatever.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
There's plenty of points in too many O's.
All right, thanks.
Okay.
Yeah, another BS artist that guy last week.
Oh, yeah, it's just a bulls pasta.
It's got the NOAA.
Yeah.
Take somebody with you to the storepal.
Have him read the label to you.
Get it right.
Carbo hide rates.
Do you understand the word?
No.
You get it.
No.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you today?
Okay.
I used to work in radio a little bit.
And then I smartened up.
Congratulations, sir.
Thank you.
I used to work in radio too, and then I came to QAM.
Yeah.
Who's during?
There's a disturbing trend.
And I just wanted to get your opinion on it.
Yeah.
Have you noticed that a lot of bands are like bypassing radio and going and just putting their
music right in commercials?
Like, Ricky Martin had his music out maybe about two months, and it was then in Pepsi
about it.
You had the back door boys selling their music to Sears before it was even on the radio.
And now you have like hill figure response or an agent.
Why would you mean they were selling their music to Sears?
What does that mean?
Like the back street boys.
Before it was even shipped to stations for airplay, they were within a Sears commercial.
So they're bypassing radio.
You mean larger than life?
That wasn't a Sears commercial before it was released to it.
It's on the album.
The album was out before it was in the show.
No, she's all I ever had was the song.
No, that's Ricky Martin.
I'm talking about the back people.
Yeah, larger life.
It was showcased in the Sears commercials before it was even shipped to radio stations for airplay.
And I get that from Rolling Stone.
Yeah.
And with MP3s, I mean it's really radio is almost a dying format.
It's good.
Good.
Good. Let him get the music someplace else.
Let's start number up.
No, great show.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, what are you going to say Jordan Knight Rules?
5, 6, 7.
That's what he was about to say.
Jordan Knight Rules.
I know what the rest of that is.
I know what the rest of that is.
I know what he's a music freak.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on it.
So we're going to get some calls about WMG EFM.
Let's hear what that is.
Okay.
They're smoking.
That's the big story in a book, by the way, Tom.
I better drive, stick your finger on it.
Somebody drives the tensioner Tom.
Okay, the little bald head of geek.
You're perfect for this market, Tom.
Okay, don't ever leave us.
You're perfect for here.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
With the radio turned way up in the back.
Can't do it.
Can't get it up.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Good day.
How you doing, sir?
Good day.
Listen to this show a lot.
Love it.
Want to talk a little hockey with these guys again.
That's okay with you today.
Why?
I've always wanted to ask you this question.
I'm a transplant from the Great White North.
I live in the Gables now from Toronto.
And I'm a big cancer spend now.
But I always root for the Leafs.
And I know you could go back up to Toronto and everything.
And I think you like the Leafs as well.
And if it came down to a series between the Leafs and the Panthers,
who would you go for?
Why?
I would go for the Leafs when I play the power of the Leafs and for 42 years.
This is old news.
You know, I go to the Games and I wear my Leafs jersey.
And I take a lot of ribbon because of it.
Why?
That's your business.
You wear whatever you want.
I wear my Leaf Jack and their be hockey games, sir.
Proudly.
And if they don't like it, it's to them.
That's what I tell them.
Secondly, how long?
Which, and then what do they know about it?
What do they know about the game?
These people in that arena.
They don't know anything about the guy games.
They don't.
I couldn't agree with you more, but I try not to get into that because I'm greatly outnumbered.
God damn, Lance Pittler nearly takes Valerie Buries head off in the Calgary game,
and sends him flying into the board's head first.
It's a miracle a kid didn't have a concussion to get killed.
And they're going to get out the penalty.
Oh, they're all blown up.
I'm screaming, what is wrong with you people?
What are you watching out there, you idiots?
I don't even want to get into it.
When I watch the games sometimes, I'm infuriated with the referee and going on.
It's kind of a shame, but that's the nature of the game.
I'm talking about the referee.
I'm talking about the fans lack of understanding of what's happening in front of their eyes, but anyway.
Oh, I'm sorry, I misunderstood you.
Secondly, the least one pretty far last year.
And I've got one question.
Yes, sir.
Where is Nick Bohanos this year?
I think he pretty much got him by again.
Nick Bohanos, how about Lonnie Bohanos?
Second one, I was a Nick.
Lonnie Bohanos.
Where's Bohanos this year?
Why?
He's not on the team.
He's history.
They got rid of him.
And secondly, how long has the San Jose in first place been going to last?
I mean, okay, they got a good Canadian line up there with them.
They have a hell of a team, man.
It's going to last a long time.
They're outstanding.
How long is this going to last?
What do you...
How long have you asked me that question?
How long is this going to last?
I mean, what if you...
If you stubbed your toe, would you call me up and say, how long is this going to last?
Have a great day, pal.
See you around, eh?
Oh my God.
You know something?
When I got in the car at the gas station with my soda and my two bottles of dye,
I had soda and I turned the key and it said, service...
What are the three words again?
I can't even think of what it said.
Oh, service column block.
See, I have a metal block.
I'm column block.
No, I do.
Because I only saw that message 4,000 times last night trying to get out of the gas station.
At that point, I should have known something a little light.
If I were smart, which I'm not, it should have said, you know something?
Tomorrow would be another real good day to call and sick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Anybody see, I'm just back to the old business again.
I'm doing one show.
I'm talking about the governor of New Mexico.
I'm talking about the radio ratings, about a radio station that I don't know what it's all about.
I'm talking about the guy named Thingwood Jim Gray at NBC and P Rose last night.
I'm talking about 80 million things, all of these things.
And these people are talking about, when you know Neil, though, you like to lease in the 70s.
Now you want to hear about that, no?
What makes a good call, Neil?
Not you, you know, and on and on we go.
In search of a real caller who might have something to say about anything that I'm talking about.
Has that ever happened?
Almost never.
Not today.
Oh, and we worked this little, little, little, hockey game and they were sure I'm throwing beach balls around.
And they think you so dirty, et cetera, and so on.
That's why I come in every day because it's just astonishing.
It's shocking to listen to this stuff.
Every day when I sit down here, I ask myself, how am I going to deal with all of these things?
And it's a good question.
But today, of course, was payday.
So I have a big fat in my pocket.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 6, I'll come, he's just, he just stopped coming up here to be passed out on the elevator after you saw our bad numbers.
He said they had to wait for more to download than they would print them in confidence.
This is some, this is some operation going on here today.
Let me tell you.
And by the way, laughing, I hate to break the news to Barry Jackas and they showed many demographics so far.
No.
Huh?
No.
Top 20?
No.
Nice going, Barry.
You really hopped on a winner that time, sweetheart.
But we're so nervous.
We're suing them.
26 past noon at 5, 60 WDQM.
If you were Greg Reed, you'd be nervous too.
And Chaplin knows the scores, turning a chance of a last team in weeknight, only on sports radio 5, 60 QAM.
We'll Roger.
Huh?
We all seclaimed and drove in the south.
We died on deep bright spotted out.
We loved to fling the dirt in the campaign.
That's right.
We pray a lot in church, but not food to best the smudge.
And then bought only uses, half is pray.
Just we tell him there's an attack.
He hates the night sky, sides of the black, and Paul the Joan, designed new poster day.
We saw the elves above, on the seventh hundred clubs.
And I think that that's the kind of one that's made.
We ran away right, and I need a chance.
We find a portion clinic, and I said we'd like to go.
We're mostly white, and sperm retention.
Here's our big mega, it'll cause we reading way right.
We all look and read the same, and hate the game, and she's the same.
And fear the same, that we don't understand.
Richard Nixon was like us.
Will his face could stop the butter?
So I think we all should give our big attack.
Oh, right.
396 will be in flames, and beat the dams like a ride-making.
Well, don't the red and blue just keep the white.
A slant-boss that I strayed, just don't let this new your play.
And hope there's no more books for him to cry.
We're reading way right.
Oh, and need a chance.
We find a portion clinic, and I said we'd like to go.
We're mostly white, and sperm retention.
Here's what I think.
And you said, I'll cause we reading way right.
Well, 33 and 550, and I said, the novel Picasso died.
The old Julio, the first part of his call, which at this point I have no idea what it was.
But it was okay, and then he went off to this thing about Pablo Francisco Alruca, a million named Picasso.
And at that point I finally had to say goodbye already, because it was terminal.
Coma inducing, and Georgia, of course, has disturbed the plot by coming on and saying he was a prick Picasso.
Everybody hated him. He said it went so long.
So this guy calls back off the air, and he's going, Bapapapa, fine, Georgia. Bapapa back and forth.
Who gives a good flying crap, okay?
Nobody cares, sir. Nobody cares.
And guess what? He's dead.
Yeah.
Who gives a crap about Picasso?
So anyway, I want to apologize partially to Joe Rose.
Now I do.
Remember the day he had that big scream and thing in the hall with the bluff, and then he got suspended three days, and I sided with bluff.
Well, Joe was right.
Partly.
Because you look at the, for example, men 2554, in the spring rating book, this station had a 6.4 share in men.
11 hours length of the list of ship.
In this book, the summer book, are cute. In other words, a total number of people listening every week actually went up.
But the rating went from a 6.4 to a 5.6, the average quarter hour share, because the length of the list of ship went down a whole hour from 11 hours a week to 10 hours.
And of course, obviously, even Tom Zicker realizes a big part of the reason for that is too many spots.
However, like I've also said, I only partly apologize to Joe Rose.
Because when you got three guys on here who want to do a live spot on every commercial break, what does that tell you?
How is there any hope for reducing those long, powderous goddamn breaks?
When you got three different guys out there, I'll try to squeeze a little extra out of that show.
Can you imagine?
But we're starting to pay the piper now. We're starting to pay piper high for these 85 million, and I haven't paid for it for a long time in the show.
I've never heard of any where near that long. But when you have a phone driven show and you got 85 million people on here waiting and waiting and waiting.
And then as soon as they hear that, that's the end of them. They're gone.
Here's Juno Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Sure glad I've turned you on. You could know this guy, Gray, you're talking about him.
Bill Jim Gray. First time I saw that guy I couldn't stand him.
Yeah. I've heard him make bonehead remarks before. One more thing. I come down here from Dearborn. I heard you talk to him.
Well, you went wrong and Detroit. No, sir. That's what I was going to say because I haven't thought Joe Guy. I've never heard you up there.
Yeah. I was thinking I want to ask you. Probably because I'd never been up there. I mean, I heard you talked to a lot about Michigan.
Yeah, well, I lived there. I thought maybe you was on any Detroit. No, sir.
You should have been. No. Anyway, one more thing. Why did you up here? I can't get your station when the sun's not out.
Yeah, what we're like Dracula. Okay, it's honest to God. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. Absolutely.
Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, pal.
Oh, he wants to hear it at night. Is that is is anybody want to hear the station at night? No. No. We got Eddie Kay on.
And then that's what I think that's funny. He should call about that because I call our call our program director today. I said any case like Dracula until the sun goes down. Don't let him on the air.
So we can hang show like he did two days last week out there at Calder. Oh my God. Oh, I got to 10. But here comes. I need to nine. Here's the nine. Other 10s. Pukin in the stretch.
Ed, that was the worst radio in the history of the business, even Mark Coney was inflicting himself. He was jabbing himself in the box. He was jabbing it.
Anybody call by the way about WMG EFM. How come today? I'm a sudden out of nowhere. I can't get any response to the things I'm asking and talking about.
Is there some special reason?
WMG FM somebody out there must know what the hell it is. What they're playing besides with themselves. Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, you. I want you today. Okay. This is first of all, I thought that that two referee system in hockey was to get some penalties going on in the back. But what happened in that Calgary game with Bill Stewart? Here's four lottery. Hello.
Hey, Jim Gray is a 1985 graduate of the University of Miami. That's all anybody has to thank you, sir. God bless you. There you go. Jim Gray 1985 graduate of the University of Miami.
Okay. That's all we needed. No, that's the kind of assholes they produced. There are you of them. Are people like Jim Gray that goes on there and does that hatchet job on poor Pete Rose, who I can't stand to begin with. But sure, how nobody deserves that.
Nobody deserves the kind of treatment that unless maybe they're an axiomurter that Pete Rose got from this Jim Gray last night on Nation on Worldwide TV of this grace.
And what's an even bigger disgrace is that most of these people don't give a crap. They just don't care. 21 before 11 at 5.50 WQM.
They're being very difficult with me this morning. What I got here is a new dance. Some people called a barn dance. I call it a dirty square dance. Up with the bitical down with the pants in with the history everybody dance.
Girls with rags on up against a wall. Guys with a heart on promenade doll.
Girls grab your partners. Permanent. Find a ball. Drag them down. The length of the halls. Make them holler. Make them shout. What you pretty ass up against is happening.
First lady goes. Make you lay the pants. Third lady finger up the floor. Guys I have. Drag them. Finger out. Promoting the halls. Now release the poor guys ball.
Down with the petticoat up with the pants. And then the dirty square dance. Don't do so. I'll record. Outside now. I think the purple. Grab me. Five.
Five. Six. Seven. Oh five. Sixty. You know, he actually make it up here with some more numbers one of these days soon. You think he's going to get. No. Probably to embarrassed. I think it's great. I think that if we have a real horrendous summer book, maybe you think that might make these bastards up a little bit. No.
No. Here's a little of Anna. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir. Long time first time. I was going. I was calling about your string wheel lock. That's a part of the Annie theft mechanism. There's an electronic locker on the top of the string. Little bit locks the string wheel when it's in an Annie theft mode. Yeah. And when that light comes on, that means that's not working. You're going to have to go have that replaced. It's nothing to do with the computer. The only way you can get that light off of there is to replace that and disconnect the battery for about 10 seconds. And that's the only way to get that light off of there is to replace that and disconnect the battery for about 10 seconds. And that's the only way to get that light off of there is to replace that and disconnect the battery for about 10 seconds. And that's the only way to get that light off of there is to replace that and disconnect the battery for about 10 seconds. And that's the only way to get that
and remove the light. What do you mean light? It's not a light. It's not a light. The light on the day should serve a string lock. Yeah. They have to replace the string lock and then disconnect the battery. Well, it's in there now. They towed it in. So they have to whatever they have to do. If they have to be locked up. Huh? Was it locked up? What do you mean? You couldn't turn the steering wheel. That's what happens when that light comes on. It's during wheel is locked solid. Man, you can't turn it wrong. It's in an Annie theft mode. Then you can get it with it.
No, you didn't run through any water. No, sir. Sometimes, sometimes those computers, they get a little damp and they go nuts and wait, if it wasn't even a pigeon in the sky, so much less a cloud. I tell you what, the next time that happens, try disconnecting the battery for about 10 seconds. No, the next time it happens, what I'm going to do is I'm going to put a match. I'm going to put a match along a wire and just put in the gas tank. That's it. Run like hell. Of course, that's an electronic nightmare. But hey, if you disconnect the battery, you can get it.
It's about 12 to 15 seconds and then connect it up again and try it again. It will go out of the Annie theft mode. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay, but appreciate it. Like I said, if it does it again, you can have it. Did we get any calls about WMG FM? No, whatever that is. No, five six seven oh five sixty. I mean, maybe that's where the whole audience is right now. They're over there listening to WMG FM. They're listening to with the BGs. How do you like that? First, they take my seats on America Worst Airlines. Then they take our audience.
The God damn BGs. That's what's going on here. This, this has got to be the most bogus book in the history of arbitrage. You tell me the number two in men 25 54 is this guy. Here's Kendall. Hello. I had the same thing. I had a 98 bad. Same thing happened to me about six months ago. Happen more than once. No, just one time. They had to it was like a presidential.
Production to get it towed in. Right. I had to put it on a flat bed. Right. They couldn't turn the wheel. Right. And they said it was just a electron, a electronical, electrical problem. And were they able to fix it? Yeah, they took them like a day and a half. Hey, they can have it for a month for my part. I just don't want to get it back and have that happen again. That's the four time. I mean, that's the four. Four time. What year? 99. Wow. Yeah, that's what I said.
I've had I've had a I've got a 98 like I said, I've had like two different things where I had to take it in. I mean, when you spend that kind of money for a car, you're expected to move, you know, when you put the key in ignition, you expect to be able to go somewhere. Fortunately, mine happened when I was at home. Otherwise, you know, I mean, just imagine your out somewhere and exactly, exactly. I know I knew out in the building somewhere pretty scary. Okay, but okay, thank you. Don't do it again. Yeah, right. Yeah, I was at the game.
I was at the gas station. That's good. Only about a mile from my house. A little over a mile, I guess. Of course, being real smart. I had had the thing with the two sodas. So I walked home with my bag with a sack. That wasn't too smart. Wasn't no. Huh? I mean, why did I just go get my other car at the house? Well, come without the sack. Slip in the extra way. But it was probably good to lose some weight. Don't you think? No. But didn't you use your little wire basket on wheels that you used to go shopping with? Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. Sunny should have done that.
Or should have just gone over to publishing the swipe from the goddamn baskets. That would have been a good way to do it. Yeah, that would have been a good thing. I'm not going to say anything about the people in the ammo
station. You know, I'm not I'm tempted, but I won't say anything because generally speaking, I mean, it's a Chinese family that owns that place. I go there a lot. Should I say anything about the people that were there last night? Okay, I'm tempted. Maybe I will. Here's Miami. Hello.
Any other going. Okay, sir. I want to 3.5. They play disco, some like slow R&B music. They say R&B like what? Give me an example. 70s R&B like.
Peaches and herb. Oh, no. Oh, no. And then they play that ice ice baby crap and.
You listen to it. Sometimes. Oh, don't do it again. Oh, your wife. Oh, I love that crap. Yeah. Okay. Thanks pal. Alright. Thanks for the pressing news.
Peaches and he. Wow. Yeah, this goes making a big comeback. Okay. Don't anybody tell kids curry that.
Then 2554. Oh, here we go. Well, wait a minute. How is this possible? You're not going to believe this. George. I'm listening to 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Then 2554 in the spring book. We're number one with a 9.7 share. What do you think we have now?
No. No points. Right. Number one. Number two is W. Oh, but look who's posing in a WMG. What is it? Oh, my God. We better start playing disco. Oh.
Huh? Where is that? Where's that? Where's that thing? Is that in here? It's under action. I know what it's under. I'm just looking. Yeah, that's what we need is more.
That's so hard. How the hell did we do this? I'm in shock. That means another bonus by the way. So that that gives us something else exciting to talk about. When is George going to get his bonus for the summer book? Of course, this is only a half bonus because it's the summer book cheap.
After cheap bricks. Well, how did the morning do? I'm sure B.F. was sitting there on the edge of the throne. Oh.
Not that bad. I could have been worse B.F.O. Good. I mean a lot worse. Then 2554 the morning we went from a 5.9 to 8 4.8.
Graphic from number two to number six. I don't have the afternoon yet. Humber. I'll get it.
Well, Jesus Christ, we did pretty damn good on here. How do you like that? Shocked the hell out of me. So let's see 9.7 times two is what George? I mean times three is 21 is 29.1. Excuse me folks. 9.7.
How do you like that? We done okay. Nice going. Neil. Thank you. Oh, God. It's a miracle. I thought we were in for a death. And how about Waffen? Did they show up here anyway? Let me take a look.
6 to 10 a.m. Next on I'm a S. Men 2554. That should be his thing. You know, that's his demographic. Waffen W.A.F.N. Is it did it show? No. Is it in the top 20? Do they have any number? Do they have any audience? Sorry Barry Jack. As you lose again, baby. Yeah. There nowhere.
Now midday we're sitting up there on top of our 9.7 share, but WMGE has got a 6.2 share. It means we got all the straight people here. All the fags are listening to disco.
What I like is I said his wife is listening to me believe me. Oh yeah. That's all right. Here we go. We're going to break a thing here in the next book. Yeah. All right.
We're going to talk up what? So I don't want to step on that bitch. So let's see W.A.F.N. number three is big. Look at that. They would drop a little bit. Uh oh. How is it getting to horse? How did the mornings go? I always give Howard's number even though we don't talk about him. Cause what's the point? Like he needs publicity from me. No. I don't think so. Uh oh. 12.1 in the spring book. This is meant 2554. That was 10.8. Still a giant number.
All you know something? The ours is 10 to 3. So we did 9.7. We actually beat him. We had a higher number than he did. I think he beats me on a paycheck.
Zeta 6.3. Zeta went up to the guy who's up a little bit. Send some wire diaries in the cast and over household. Radio Amor went up. Hot 105 went up. Nice going there. Bob. Agreed. When that's part of music you're going to now.
I shouldn't talk about the green and the parts that have 105 and tell you anything that now won't say W.A.F.D.J. 4.3 to a 5 point. What is that? Is that another ethnic, another Julio station W.A.F.D.J. Do we know what that is? Isn't that that Russell Wesson station? I don't know what it is.
So that's what we got the mornings on the show. How about the length of listenership? Let's take a look at that for B4. Okay. And for those why don't I only say B4 like the other guys aren't there? Well he's doing it when that's really paranoid and delusional.
He's always paranoid. He just you know goes in the territory. Let's see. I'll see. There you go. The CUME actually went up. How do you like that?
The CUME went up in the morning. How do you like this from a 54,958,925 54. But the length of listenership went from tied for number 7 to tied for number 17.
From 4 hours and 45 minutes to 3.5 hours. There it is. There's the length of listenership alert from our morningship because it was awful long commercial breaks.
Till Tom Jik is right. With any commercial. Now what about us? Our CUME went up a little bit and our like the listenership stayed the same 7 hours and 45 minutes. Let's hear it.
What is Jason farting in here again? Oh he was helping us out. In case we ran out of f**k. Yes.
Thank you Jason. Oh look at that. He left a little curly cue on your counter there. But with an R. I thought it looked like a candy cane to me. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hello.
I'm going to play this. I mean the only reason I. Yes. The only reason I hear him is in the office. I have no choice. They have it said that's probably the only station we pick up.
Right. I'd say if I hear the village people or the Navy or. Oh my god. You might start to dress it in drag if you're much more than. Who is the program director? I mean they must have only 30 sores that they play every day, 7 days a week.
And that's it. I mean it's a it's a sad day in radio. And even they say the beat of Miami. Yeah.
Come beat this. Tell me just beat it. Exactly. Man. I mean be a little. Oh wait. Oh you're going to be very upset when you hear this.
Man 25 54 and he had to do in 3 to 7 p.m. Guess who's number one. Tell me there. W M G E with a 6.7 share.
I don't know. I don't listen to a. Please I want you to drive around it with a give us bring back those bumper stickers. This goes sucks. Yeah. I'm telling you. Thanks for the bad news pal. All right. See you.
How do you like that number one from nowhere to number one. Nice going there. Rana finally they tried every guy didn't format out of the sun. They butchered up. She and they finally got something. It's a guy didn't hit. Okay. Here we go. All this go all day. What do you got?
That would queue up. Yeah. That's stupid enough. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh
Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.
from three hours and forty five minutes to
uh...
uh...
three hours and fifteen minutes
half an hour drop
so the shows on this radio station that have these long
ponderous commercial breaks
they're taking it right up the old act of the shoot
they have more listeners than they had an illustrating book but the length of
the ship has dropped precipitously because the endurance contest is killing
the audience on those shows
god
far with your roles i'd come in your demand and be somebody up okay
not the pd i mean it's you know that's easy
i'd come in your demand beat the pulpit right out of the agree right out there in
the hallway but we pay admission to see that would be
oh yeah
i wouldn't take much either
three minutes before one five sixty wq a
number one
I asked him what was so absurdly funny when he ran out of that dirty idea.
And then he died, and he died, and he died, and he died, and he died, and he died, and he died.
Oh, he was a poor baby, he was wondering why no one ever talked to me.
He was badly, and scheduled to leave his family, and he was dead in his place.
Oh, he was a poor baby, he was a poor baby, he was a poor baby, he was a poor baby.
We have a program to record that song.
We have a program to record that song.
Yes.
We have a program to record that song.
I have a program to record that song.
I have a program to record that song.
Let's get on the stick.
We have a program to record that song.
No.
Oh, no.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
