I need the ten more. Come on. Here comes the nine.
That's it.
4T radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
Detox the Neil call 567 056.
Oh, free.
Predated.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
You're a huge bastard.
The way I move around when I go through, I cause a mamba movement to pursue.
I'm the toilet seat, I swing and sway.
To the mamba beat, to radio pay.
So we're now to load and I'm all through.
So just one seat, I got to through.
A little bit of space, but I'm so lighty.
So I can make my high knee nice and deep.
I don't have to push, I make control when I move inside the side, I got the toilet
bowl.
I never have to spray it, it comes out whole.
It looks a little like it, to zero.
I'm going to the left, it's way to the right.
From clean and clean, I can tell you why.
Not only are you burning calories, but you'll never, never get a big red ring.
That's why, it's that guy.
He has to see exercise, he has enough fun when they hit my bowl, moving number two.
Hey, let me out, I'm doing the mamba.
Come on, do it.
It will put the wheel in his head off and pop it.
Get out, get out, get out.
Channel three is five, 60 WQ, I'm going to get a little voice back today.
How do you like it?
I don't know, but it's coming back.
What did I just hear that Paul Belbury isn't playing today?
Is that what I just heard?
Who cares?
I mean, we'd like to see him out there.
What a dumb call it was right there at the end again.
Not about a stupid idiotic stupid stupid call.
Stupid idiotic call.
Yeah.
Stupid idiotic caller.
God, just a worst.
Oh yeah, his malingering.
First of all, if anybody knows anything about a groin pool, that guy is probably pulling
it right now or trying to.
They're chronic.
They're like some of the callers on the talk radio.
They're chronic.
And if you come back too soon, while you re-enjure it again and you're out again for weeks and weeks,
that's the way they work.
Okay?
Just relax.
They're playing fine.
They're winning without them.
And just show up tonight and stop looking for excuses already.
They're hot as a pistol.
Okay, well, here's one excuse.
They're playing Calgary.
It's a pretty boring team.
Although they got our buddy Billy Lindsay's playing for Calgary.
How you doing, Billy?
And they got Valerie Bray.
There'll be one burry on the ice tonight.
His brother.
Anybody know who that is?
No.
Number eight.
And there you go.
But it's only Calgary.
That's true.
Not very exciting.
Not very appetizing opposition.
5,500 empty seats for the game tonight so far.
That's what it says in the paper.
And it must be right.
So anybody gets who got canned.
Here's a clue.
Oh, not her.
No, not her.
Her producer Larry.
Who has to be the scapegoat for the fact she said,
if she said Brooke on the other day.
That's working parking lot or something like that.
Which by the way, thank you to whoever sent to our voicemail to tape of that
with the actual original F in it,
which maybe will play someday when we get around to bleeping it.
But anyway, just amazing.
The number of people who work on the inside over there who hate that whole operation like poison.
Cheap channel.
They're calling it now.
Cheap channel.
So anyway, this guy Larry, as I predicted yesterday,
nice going again.
The old man.
Oh, God.
I guess it didn't take too much engine.
You know, you figure out when you open up a mouth like that in newspaper and you're just a guy
that I'm fucking producer and she's looking to noose or noose or fire.
You're ass anyway.
Is that what she's doing?
Noose to find him.
At any rate, she noose to fight him because he's out.
He's fired.
He's canned.
Nice going, Larry.
He said, he's a talentless.
What was the term?
I figured exactly what the term was.
But on the year, I guess he called her consultant since she was a talentless, psychotic bitch.
Something like that.
And I think.
So after hearing that, I went back and I grabbed the last trend.
And they arbitraried ratings here, which will have a new rating book this Monday, by the way, at 11.30 in the morning for the summer book.
She's taking out the last trend, May, June and July in the afternoon on a 50,000 mod radio station.
She took the formally a pretty decent Rick and suds numbers into the threes, whatever they were down to a one point.
But now in the latest one, June, July and August, it's down to a point nine.
Pretty amusing number.
And I'm here to predict that come Monday when the entire summer book comes down.
It's going to go even lower again.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Look at these average quarter hours.
She's got 25 to 54, which is our men and women.
That's her target, then.
Oh, for anybody.
It cares.
3,300 people.
33.
That's 50,000 watts.
That's not even one person per watt.
It's not even one person per 10 watts.
How do you like that?
What?
Exactly.
Jesus Christ, Brooke, why don't you get the message, honey?
Go drive that diesel truck again.
Don't quit your night job, whatever the hell it is.
Maybe I moved up the dial a little bit.
They're down to a waxy.
Get out that big ball of wax again.
Good God almighty.
Anyway, a special hello to Joe Cruzy, who I understand is my number one fan out there.
And wants a big kiss for whatever like that.
And I should mention that my good friend Tracy Neely is a goddess.
Now, God, do I love Tracy?
Do I love her or what?
Comes to my house yesterday and brings me the CD that I've been scouring the world for.
Which I'm going to play a little bit later on by the way, whether you like it or not.
And you probably won't, but I don't care.
I'm obsessed with this record.
And I'm probably the only person in America who's number one heard it and number two seen the video.
How do you like that?
Just in South Florida, but in America.
Well, whoop it.
He do.
I'll go for you, Mr. Big shot.
Well, Bravo, all stars.
Let the music heal your soul.
With the backstreet boys, Mr. President and sink, Squeezer, Blumchen, RNG, Gil, Tushay, the boys, the Moffitz, Scooter and Little Ugly Aaron Carter.
How do you like that?
All those groups on there are big massive production.
All these groups from Europe, from Sweden and Germany and the US and Canada.
And for some reason, I guess because the backstreet boys and sink were on the same thing there and maybe there was a little conflict there perhaps since they hate each other like poison.
But it's never really gotten released like on a massive level, but it's a great song.
And thank you, Tracy.
God, really something that makes you feel like you've accomplished something where you can set out to get something and there you got it.
You got your hands on it.
By the way, speaking of having your hands on it, I've got my hands on something right now that makes me want to puke.
As a kid, my idol, my absolute idol for years and years and years.
One of the funniest people ever on television, maybe the best show that was ever on TV, Steve Allen.
But you know, when you get old and you become senile and when you live in the past and you lose touch when you lose grasp with reality.
A lot of bad things happen and unfortunately Steve has gone bananas.
He's like a...
Eeeeeeeh!
Like that.
And now of all people, here is a guy who's the leader leading this crusade.
He's like a half a step away from Pat Robertson and Jerry Fowlball and all these other right wing religious nuts.
He's basically in the same category.
And if you look on page 5E in the hero today, opposite the radio TV page, here's a full-page ad again.
This thing just goes on and on and never stops.
This crusade of his.
Parents, grandparents, families, this is for you.
TV is leading children down a moral sewer.
How you and I can stop it.
And I'll get into the whole thing but it just makes me nauseous because it's number one.
It's so false and number two, it has to do with censorship and number three.
It has to do again with taking people off the hook from being responsible for their own choices and their kids choices.
If you don't want your kids to watch whatever programs you don't like, don't let them watch.
Very simple.
That's the way you always used to be.
But now with Steve Allen, no, he's Mr. censorship now.
And let's urge all the sponsors to stop supporting those TV programs.
They're loaded with sex and violence and filth and disgust and all these horrible things.
Because like I pointed out a couple of weeks ago, if you're living on the west side of the Detroit River,
on the west side of the Ambassador Bridge and you're watching those shows, you're going to do a lot of violent things.
But if you live on the east side like in Winter Ontario, they don't have the same effect.
We can't figure that out yet.
You know what I'm saying Steve?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's doing the Greg Reed thing.
He's got his hand in his finger in his head looking for fill that hole.
What a shame.
What a sad sad thing to see a guy that used to be so brilliant, just absolutely losing his marbles.
Mr. Morality.
Ten minutes after ten at five, sixty, WQA.
No portion of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM,
B. Green, acquisition court.
Okay.
Yeah.
Your heart is dirty.
You and Miss Donna happy place.
No.
It's a guy that can't grab me place here.
Where everybody hates the sight of your face.
I will miss Miss Donna happy place.
It's a sinking, big disgrace.
You and Miss Donna happy place.
Drop worship first, who love OJ.
Back sad thing, reprope.
See it with this always great.
It's a hot and thorny place.
You and Miss Donna happy place.
Oh real depressing place.
You and Miss Donna happy place.
Okay, calm down.
Ten, fifteen at five, sixty, WQA.
I mean, we got, I don't understand.
Is this going to be a weekly thing to think?
How do you spell that with two easier and E and N A?
This deal with Hank and B.
And the K, the G A show out there at Colter every Thursday and Friday.
Is that going to be weekly to think?
Because maybe there's some sponsorship involved and they're sucking up some extra money.
I'm driving home the yesterday and I'm here in the Eddie K going out about.
Oh, gee, I need the 10 here in my bedroom, but he's got the lead, but here comes the nine.
And the 10 is puking and here comes the nine on the outside.
Oh, geez.
Are we going to be doing that again every Thursday and Friday?
Oh my god.
Hey, you better leave that book on there a long time, PD.
I'll say that right now.
Jesus Christ, you've got to be kidding me.
So anyway, before I go back to the Steve Allen thing.
You know, that guy that called there right at the end of the worst team.
About Pavel Burin about he is so typical of what's wrong with his town.
Negative team is off to a great start.
They've played seven games.
They've won five.
They've tied when they've only lost one game.
They're in first place in their division.
They got 11 points.
They're kicking ass.
They're playing outstanding.
Their goal, heading is fantastic.
Robbie Needermire is even playing good.
What does this guy want?
What does this man want?
But this town is just loaded with sour negative people just like that guy.
Just like a dolphin thing, which I don't want to talk about that.
But you know, granted they squeezed off the hook and Marino is injured.
They got all this crap going on Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
They've won four out of five in a very mediocre league.
95% of the teams in league would be,
kiss your ass to be four in one at this point.
But what do you hear on this radio station from these people?
And you wonder why this little girl writes this thing in the paper yesterday,
which no, I didn't forget about it.
Jenny, yeah, before I get back to Steve Allen, that piece of turd.
Isn't that pathetic?
Somebody that you admired for so many years.
I mean, he really didn't have, he had the best show that was ever on TV.
With Don Notson, Louis Nye.
I mean, just hysterically funny people.
Tom Poston was all live, or was spontaneous.
They would crack up.
They would lose it.
It was just a great show.
And instead of just vanishing into the woodwork like Jack Par.
Do we hear from Jack Par anymore?
No.
Chris, if you've seen him lately, you'd understand why.
He's about 100 years old and he looks really bad.
But nevertheless, he did his thing.
He made his money.
He was famous.
He entertained a lot of people.
He had a great, maybe the best all night, the tonight show.
And he went off and did his thing.
That was it.
He's off eating a meat dinner or something like that.
Something soft.
Why can't people do that?
Why does Steve Allen, with all of his millions and millions and millions of dollars
and his very plastic wife, Jane Mettos?
Why can't they just go off and leave everybody alone and let people make their own God damn choices?
That's not satisfactory now in his waning years in his sonility and his twilight.
He must save us from ourselves.
He's going to save America's youth from the evil that is television.
It's a joke.
I'd like to call on him the other day.
Did you know that in Chicago, hope they said the SHL.
Oh wow.
Woo!
Heavy.
Heavy.
Filled.
What are you going to grow up America?
Is it ever going to happen?
No.
You turn on the CBC.
We always think of the Canadians as being nice but a little bit stuffy.
Stuffy.
That's a good word.
From the general stereotype we have of the English speaking Canadians.
But the fact is you turn on the CBC and there are a lot of shows on there.
Documentaries, whatever the hell they are.
Any here the SH and F you.
All the words are on there.
Nobody has a nervous breakdown.
Nobody even talks about it.
There's not even a debate about it.
And nobody calls up any talk shows in Canada and says, oh gee, did you see on Chicago?
Hopefully they said the SH word.
Wow, are we making progress?
Yeah.
We're making progress.
Wow.
Isn't that great?
They said crap on the air.
On television.
Jesus Christ.
And you wonder why people are into this all this religious bull crap and all this mumbo jumbo and hocus pokus.
And so easily led down the garden path?
I think there's a four letter word that you can say.
That's a lot more dangerous than the F you and the SH and all those other four letter words.
And that's dumb, the UMB.
Have you spelled the UMM?
Yeah, the UMM.
Dumb.
That's the biggest problem in America.
Dumb.
But anyway, here's a not so dumb very bright little girl Jenny Lobas who writes a commentary.
And yesterday's son sent a.
She's a student at the dry foods school of arts in West Palm Beach.
She says just another day in paradise and I want out.
Ever since I reached the age of reason 13, I have loudly declared that when I grew up, I'm moving out of state.
Says Jenny.
I don't go to the beach.
I have whore palm trees.
Tourists annoy me.
I'm not fond of theme parks and I don't wear shorts.
Florida's not my cup of tea.
My parents have tried to convince me otherwise.
Tactic one appeal to guilt, but we'll never see you.
My mother tells me at least get married in Florida.
My father, please answer.
I'm not convinced.
That's why God invented airplanes and long distance.
Tactic two appeal to laziness.
Just wait till your first blizzard.
It's no fun shoveling the driveway at 30 below.
They tell me answer.
I need the exercise besides that's why God invented hot chocolate.
Tactic three appeal to poverty.
Cost of living, cost of living, cost of living.
Answer.
Does this mean they actually have high enough taxes to support schools without relying on the lottery?
Besides, that's why God invented higher salaries.
What brings this all up is my current state.
Fluttered into my neighborhood, Hurricane Irene, a supposedly wimpy category one hurricane, decided that my dad's charming village of Wellington would be much more attractive under 15 feet of water.
It wouldn't be so bad if only I hadn't just unpacked all my belongings boxed up in anticipation of almost hurricane fluid a couple weeks ago.
We also talked our neighbors into putting plywood up on our windows and sliding glass doors, so this little sun shower has delayed the much anticipated taking down to the plywood.
I can't exactly pinpoint just why dislike Florida so much.
Perhaps it's because instead of coming here the traditional way, moving from New York, I was born here, suffering from snow envy.
It might be because my first skin just doesn't tan and I'm sick of looking like a melanin deprived ghost next to my bathing duty friends.
Then again, chances are it stems from my fifth grade visit to Washington DC with a safety patrol when I glance around me and explain.
So this is what a real city looks like.
Granted, there are some benefits to living in Florida.
The stellar schools are compassionate and voiceless good looking governor.
The superb department of transportation, which always completes highway work on time.
I mean plant communities are so superior to honest to God neighborhoods.
I can't believe the right to the country hasn't gone on to the houses surrounding a golf course phenomenon.
Sorry, missing work today because I can't leave the neighborhood is making me a little testy.
Still, it's not all bad.
I mean, it's kind of cute to watch our neighbors splash around the bacteria and gator infested water.
Those over and flowing drainage canals aren't exactly the Atlantic, but at least we're now on, now we have waterfront property.
Not to mention the folk jet skiing down the street. That's just cool.
Somehow, I'll just have to tear myself away from this retirement heaven of a state.
I'm ready to take on the blizzard. I'll put up with the people who refer to soda as pop.
I'll even live with orange juice from concentrate.
I just want to see the leaves change colors once or twice, okay?
My ex-aditch from Florida's now scheduled at ten months in counting.
I might even miss it here, but hey, I'm only a plane right away. See you during spring break.
What a great column there by a 13-year-old little girl, Jenny Lopez, who lives in West Palm and goes to the dry food school of arts.
God bless you, Jenny. You got to run the greatest line in that article is, God, this is what a real city looks like.
This is what a real city looks like with real living and breathing people.
And not most of the people over the age of a hundred, wearing those outfits, those silly lemon and lime pants, with those silly cats.
And then there's the hats that look like they're ready to cut those rain catchers, you know? Oh, yeah, the rain catchers.
Oh my God. Nice going, Eric. Jenny. Thank God for you.
You give me hope that there is a hope for the future. You and Sabrina, Georgia's a little girl.
She can't tell that here either. There you go. Well, this isn't a place for young people. All you young people, that's my message to you.
Get out of here as soon as the law allows. As soon as you're capable of doing it.
Find out what the real world is all about because this definitely is not it. This ain't it.
Oh, there he goes again. Not on a half hour yet. He's also these carrying it down. He's making all that money. Ask for you. Okay.
I'll say whatever the hell I want. That's why you're listening. Okay. Don't give me that song of the dance.
I'll have to come on in the lie and pretend. Oh, it's just so wonderful here. It's wonderful. Yeah.
It could be. Could be wonderful. I like the mild weather.
But the people here. Wow. Just like Hyman Roth said the people he is.
Yeah, that's what he said. Something like that. And the most unbelievable people. That's something like that is what he said.
Hyman Roth. Here's a call in Cooper City. Hello. Hey, are you doing okay, sir?
I got to tell you how to radio accident about two weeks ago. Yes. I'm listening to public radio. Okay. They had Larry.
Yeah. Exactly. I heard what they had Larry from multi-pig on I believe. Larry. Okay. The guy who sings Dennis Larry. Yeah.
He's not from money. Python. He's not. No. Okay. Well, the guy who sings a wonderful.
The asshole song. Yeah. Okay. And he had the entire word, the whole ass-aid word. And this was on tape. Right. Okay.
So they never bleeped it out. One on public radio. Well, yeah, we see that's public radio. It's also like on public television.
If they're showing like a National D graphic special, then you can see naked breasts of aborigini tribes in my, you know, wherever that.
And that's why we all watched this kid. That's right. That's right. I got to tell you, Neil, I know so many closets.
Yeah. Right. I would spend half an hour calling them old douche bags. So everybody who knows me and hears me, you're all douche bags. Okay.
Yeah. They said crap on the public on public radio. That's okay. I mean, the people in this country who are really impressed and got all whipped up to a frenzy because they said.
S H happens on Chicago hope.
Well, what level does that reduce you to? I mean, even the sandbox would be a compliment if you're at that level.
You're not ready for the sandbox yet. You're not ready for Q AM yet.
You impressed because they said crap on Chicago hope. Wow. Did you hear that? They said crap. Don't say it again.
Not to mention the music, of course, we have to have radio edits in America.
Radio edits in other countries, Canada, Western Europe, they play every word F U S H every word that's ever been invented. That's an lyricist part of the song.
People aren't swooning. People aren't killing each other because of lyrics and songs or because somebody said crap on Chicago hope.
I know that Steve Allen maybe shocked to hear that, but it's the God damn truth, dummy. You see now old fart you. God am I embarrassed.
I want to take it back. I never liked him anyway.
1026 at 560 WQF. I've got two sets of lyrics.
This is Don Hulaer inviting you to join me for a five-gina golf at the Don Hulaer Dead Celebrity Doubt Tournament or whatever it is.
The featuring all your favorite celebrities like Jackie Gleason, Joe DiMaggio and Ben Hogan, Colonel Hogan, Tony Carmichael of the Al Dorei, Frankie Paye of the Frank Sutton, the Meredith Wilson, the Big Wilson, Joe Kerns and Joe Alexander.
My favorite bell bar, the Frank Martha, the Neal Pitlec, Jack Gilford, the Jack Webb, the Chick Webb and Webb Pierce, the Hurtral Bernardi, the Finsland Barney and William Lund.
A Blinken, Aiden Burrows and of course no golf tournament would be complete without Robert Cue Lewis.
It's easy to find it. What you got to do is head south on the ball metal with a nickel left at the burning 79 viewers. I'll see you there.
1032-560. Speaking of the negative, my good post personal friend, Jigs McDonnell, a new voice of the Panthers here on QAM, who's a thousand times better than the moron we had on before obviously.
He was a little bit disturbed because yesterday morning I guess, the morning crew, instead of talking sports, instead of discovering and discussing all the different things that are going on, they got to pick on Jigs.
Just because Gellie still got a bone up his nose because he didn't get to play by play job. Don't be picking on Jigs, okay? He's a great guy.
Here's a chance for Bill Stewart taking the puck. Walk down and go, keep going! Bill Stewart, Sam Stewart has given the Panther a four-one way.
Exactly. Whatever his god name is. Do we care what his name is? No. As a matter of fact, the Panther fans know Cam Stewart from Bill Stewart. No. What difference does it make?
Let's pick it on my good buddy, what's his name? Jigs. Christ. So anyway, getting back to the Steve Allen thing. Here's a full page.
Do you know how much it costs for a full page ad in the hero? It used to be five grand. It's got to be a lot more than that now.
And of course there's a coupon in the bottom right hand corner asking for you to subsidize this crap. Oh yes, Steve.
I want to be counted as one of a great of the TV's leading us down a moral sewer. I think it's unconscionable for fine companies to use their ad dollars to send TV filth, vaults, and the whole thing.
The whole of the whole of the world. Of course, humor. Primeral sex situations. Violence killing. He's found like Dan Quail now. Primeral sex situations.
You know, I hate to break the news to you. But like in Spain and in Netherlands. And I guess several of the countries in Western Europe. But I do know I saw it in Spain.
Oh, I talked about this on over the air TV. Over the air TV, late at night, they have torn over movies. They're doing it.
Are they killing each other in Spain? No. Do they have a real serious violence and crime problem? No. Are they reaping each other in the street? No.
I mean, that's a lot of bull. If you ask me. I mean, this is the kind of stuff that they're kind of problem that the American public too many millions and millions of people buy into because again, it's apple pie and good. Oh yeah, goody goody goody. If we could just all be goody goody. There are no goody goody people. Okay.
Maybe Steve and Jane Meadows, Mame, if you were married to her, you'd probably be goody goody too. You know, you'd sit in the corner going like that most of the day.
Mary do a pretty haughty bitch like that. But what kind of crap is this ad? Since television started around a thousand studies, reports, etc.
concerning the impact of TV violence have been published. The national institute of mental health and seven more national organizations say there is overwhelming evidence that violent entertainment causes violent behavior.
But only west of the Detroit River and south of Lake Ontario and west of Lake Erie.
And ABC Network study found 22 to 34% of young felons in prison for violent crimes said they had consciously imitated crime techniques learned from watching television programs.
Homicide rates double 10 and 10 to 15 years after TV was first introduced in the specific areas of the US and Canada. Canada too? No. No.
Let me go back to the staff that I gave you the other day. 1998 they had 41 murders in the first 10 months of the year in Toronto, city of four to five million people this year in the first almost 10 months they've had 38 murders.
Now Buffalo, New York, which is I don't know what 100 miles away.
Has a million people about a quarter of the size or less than Toronto. I don't have the statistics but I would bet a lot of money, a lot of somebody's money that they've had a lot more than 38 murders in Buffalo already this year.
Are you can go to the bank? I might even account.
Do they get the same television programs? Do they have the same video games? Do they listen to the same music?
They all see Jerry Springer. What is this man talking about? He's talking crap. Nobody goes out and kills somebody because they saw something on TV.
Whether it was South Park or whether it was nobody goes out and says crap because they saw somebody say it on Chicago Hope.
I mean this and these are the rantings of a madman.
And here's the guy who's lending his popularity. Thank God most of today's generation hasn't got any idea who Steve Allen is.
So they're looking at the picture of this old fossil here. This wrinkled up old fossil saying who now is that Steve Allen? Who's that? What team did he play for? Yeah.
What church is he? Is he with that doctor Kennedy guy? Yeah. A full page out of crap. I'm embarrassed for you Steve Allen. I'm embarrassed for America that this country refuses to grow up because one thing America wants to hell of a lot more is a lot more sex on television.
That's why people were watching those hot shows on MTV for a while before they put all those neurotic teenagers on and everybody including me stop watching.
That's why tens was the only show and has been the only show on whammy that had any audience at all because they got almost naked hot looking young people on there. What's wrong with looking at good looking people?
How come it is that people in the jungle before there was television people were horny the caveman they were horny. If they weren't horny we wouldn't be here today.
But somehow the kids they're all whipped up into a psychotic frenzy their adolescence psychosis is just out of control their testosterone level is rising to the to the moon.
Because of television programs because they're watching Chicago hope and guiding light and Oprah Winfrey.
I think maybe Oprah's the cause for a lot of murders. I know that. So enough to make me want to go out and kill somebody seen that bitch. No one that she's making billions of dollars not the slut not an ounce of talent in that disgusting fat body.
I got a fat body to Oprah but at least I got some talent I got a brain. Here's Water Hill. Hello.
Hey what's going on? Yes sir. Listen I have to call I've been trying to get a hold in a couple days. People are calling in about this stadium for the Marlins.
What's staying is that exactly you have to study my thing you mean the one that's never going to be built. Yes and that's what I hope because you know that's be crazy.
It must be nuts. Yeah. If they're going to raise my taxes I don't want to pay for better schools. Right. As it is they raise my taxes to pay for a damn prisoner in jail.
When they raise my taxes to pay for a stadium please put a bunch of marijuana smokers in jail. How do you like that?
Exactly. Let's let's pay for something that counts. F&A baby. God I mean it makes me sick when I hear people call and ask for this kind of stuff.
I want my money to go to something useful. You want the same correct? God bless you pal. Have a good day and I'll pray for us. Thank you.
Okay. I will talk to Illinois. Top of the Marie-Pri. How go for it.
Let's say a prayer that we can finally convince these bozos up there. We want the tax money every dime of it going to schools and things that are important and roads and equality of life.
If I can use that goddamn county pincoe term that the right wingers are always getting psychotic. Oh, that's a code. That's cool.
You have to code for not living like a bunch of animals. That's what it's code for.
Building another goddamn stadium. We got thousands of empty seats. We're going to have it at beautiful arena. And isn't it interesting by the way. What an interesting turn of events. How the worm turns.
Wayne, I pingo a couple of years ago when they were threatening to take the panthers and move them out of town to Nashville or wherever the hell they were going to go with a banjo on their knee.
Then all of a sudden he was all in favor of taxes. Oh, yeah, it's a tourist tax hotel. All in favor that to build him that $200 million arena.
Now that John Henry wants to build this goddamn thing. Now all of a sudden Wayne has seen the life. Oh, no, we're just against taxes.
Not the fact that he wants it on auto rental companies, which happens to be one of auto nations big businesses. No, it just were against tag war or more taxes is what the Wayne's people are saying and we're going.
I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah.
So even though we happen to be on the same side with Wayne, believe me, it's not for the right reasons. Okay, Baldi, you Pockmark geek.
Yeah, one was for his own benefit and his own interest and he could make a fortune which he is in the Macarena. Then he loved taxes.
And now that he sold this guy a pig in a poke, now now Jan Henry Henry is finding out what's like doing business with Baldi. I've gone, John. All I can say is I must be crazy. I must be not.
You are man standing there in the middle of an empty stadium under front page of the newspapers, looking around to find the find a customer.
Anybody here? Anybody in the ballpark? Come on, find me somebody. Anybody here? No. Oh.
Boy, he sure got you by the short hairs, John. Thank God you got all the Greg Reads money though.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQA. And just feel like a prick.
All right.
The show is great. It's got lots of pain. Every spring of we love to hear.
It's one thing we know people come to close, right? He tells us that from here is queer. And the chance will fly when your girlfriend is a guy as you think is end you down there.
When the brawl breaks out make sure you hear it shout and say someone round by the hair.
Oh, we want to hit the floor in a cage and women just have to work here to spring your show so tight for a fight and get a few punches here.
The show is a day who got hit by a frame and hurt so really tight.
The spring is show so right for a fight and the spring is show so right all the time.
All right.
Let me show you what I think it would be very strange though. I was printed about six hundred steps below professional restaurant.
I saw it once.
I saw it once.
And with even more amazing like that, just like professional wrestling, there are millions of idiotic people out there who watch it and believe that it's real.
They believe that it's real that people actually come on television to make these desperate announcements and revelations to their mates to their loved ones to their friends in front of millions of people and get into fist fights at the drop of a hat.
And you know what?
I don't watch it.
Is it on in Canada?
Is it on in the Netherlands?
It Amsterdam?
Is it on in Italy?
Is it on all over the world?
And are the people in the rest of these countries killing each other because they watch Jerry Springer?
No.
No.
I mean you talk about a country that looks for excuses baby.
Oh, the dog done it.
Look, John, but hey, I'm positive the dog done it.
We know that John and Pachi couldn't have done it now.
And then Burke, he didn't do it because he was asleep even though he was on the phone in the back when she called but well he was sleepwalking and talking.
I don't know.
The dog done it.
Most of the interrelse was a suicide.
Nobody takes responsibility for anything in this country.
Everything just happened all bad things happened by osmosis or else its TV's fault.
Oh man.
There's another example we don't want to bring him up again today.
He didn't do it.
Did he do it?
No.
No.
I think again, remember there was that dog wailing and howling at all the neighbors here the dog done it there too.
Killed Nicole and Ron dog done it.
Here's the facts from Tom T and coconut Creek.
I know when I get up in the morning I look in one of my rooms in the house.
Oh, I know the dog done it.
Little dog.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh, I like him so much.
It was two days of the vet.
God, he was great.
Yeah, I love him when he's at the vet.
Tom T and coconut Creek writes.
No matter where you drive in South Florida, it's near impossible to missing those roadside markers of death.
Since when has it become acceptable or legal to erect such a roadside trying to a friend or relative who's not in an accident?
I think Tom's got an excellent point by the way.
I'm second-tiered of that crap.
Not that I'm insensitive to people who die.
But as Tom points out they had these amazing places called cemeteries.
These amazing things called graves, tombstones, stuff like that.
He says a reasonable amount of time for roadside memorials may be up until the funeral when afterwards is usually grave in a cemetery.
But far too often these memorials go on for weeks, months and even years.
Case in point there's an unusually large memorial in Boka on West Palm and O Park Road that's been there for at least two to three years.
It has four crosses and one star of David.
Each stands about four feet tall and includes lights, fresh flowers and pictures.
Why doesn't the family move this to where it belongs?
The roadside and for sure public land isn't the place where it's Tom T and Koke on a Creek right on top.
Why is it that everybody has to do all their mourning and all their religious stuff and they've got to like wear it on their sleeve?
You know, push it out there and public on a funnier face.
It doesn't belong there.
It's not that we don't sympathize with them, at least I sure do.
But it doesn't belong out there on the highway on the roadside.
What is that going to solve?
What has that accomplished?
In addition to which I thought that if God decided it was their time, what are we mourning about?
Should we be celebrating instead of mourning?
If God decided they're in a better place as all the religious folks would say or are so much better than I am.
They're in a better place now.
I guess compared to South Florida maybe.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I was just wanting to get back a little bit to what you were saying before about television and music and all that and people always lose their mind and say that kids are going to go crazy and they listen to certain kinds of music.
I'll tell you more than 45 minutes a day at TV, every kid in America is going to be going.
That's what Steve Allen says.
Because you know kids never thought about doing drugs or having sex before they heard it on a song or on TV or anything like that.
Also, I was wondering if you're listening to the first team at all this morning?
No, just that last call from that asshole, knocking Pavel Burry and he's just an idiot to call another negative guy.
Well Billy Lindsay was on this morning.
Oh really?
And he was, he was saying he might take a run at Robbie Neymar tonight which would be a beautiful thing to see.
No, they might have to.
And Steve Amon has told us a little bit, Billy, nice going to sweetheart.
I'd say he might have to give a couple of guys a check and let them know he's back in town.
By the way, it was nice to see Eddie, Eddie, a special Eddie other than I would Vancouver fall on his ass a couple of times.
What's he ran into his own teammate and then he gave away with the achieved shot in the head, which I didn't like at all.
By the way, we'll get you for that Eddie.
Oh, he's a bomb.
He's a piece of crap. He said dummy.
Well, pretty much amount of material in the ill, but you wouldn't happen to have any tickets for the game tonight.
Would you?
Yeah, sure do a pair of my own and have a great day.
This guy gets missed the message.
I will never ever.
In fact, I hope that's an F. He was listening to.
I will never, ever, ever give anything away on this program again.
Bet your life on it.
Depend on it.
I'll leave that to power 96.
Okay, to buy the audience with their 2 grand a week or whatever they're giving away.
Well, we can't even get a full.
You know, we can't even get that.
Where's that 800 number by the way?
Anybody had any information?
See, if we had a real program director instead of a silly woman at cries in a room over here.
I have some information about these things.
Give me a date.
Give me a ballpark.
When is that toll free number coming in?
Where are those key chains?
You know, even the center one thing.
What's the date today?
20 second of October.
Almost the whole month is gone.
And now we got the new and improved.
The correct the the CDs and the stores and specs, which is great.
We appreciate their specs is great.
They're fantastic.
I apologize to the audience and to them that this year's deal has gotten so screwed up so far.
Did I mention Carol yet today?
By the way, center one.
Oh, I better start.
Because I would like to see those key chains with little buttons, you know, that make those great sounds.
I like to see what they look like.
Because I want to go on here and talk about them.
I want to be sure that we have them Tuesday night and pizza lot between 6 and 8 p.m.
This coming Tuesday along with the CDs and cassettes so we can raise a lot of money for center one and really get this thing going now and catch up for lost time.
I thought I'm trying to be a hard ass.
You're asking for things that are unreasonable.
It's just that I would like to have this stuff so that when I can talk about it, it makes some sense.
But I realize I'm out of control.
I understand just being a prick again.
Here's Homestead. Hello.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
Good.
Good morning, sir.
Good.
Two things.
I have to walk out front this morning when the recycle truck BFI came.
Right.
And I assume that the lane is still involved with BFI.
I'm not sure.
Yes, sir.
Here is.
Well, I guarantee you that truck.
And I hope the guy throw the crap in the truck.
That was a garbage truck.
That is not going to any recycle place that is going to a garbage dump.
Those here are club needs to.
Somebody needs to get involved in that crap.
Okay.
You got it.
Right.
Number two, thank you very much for mentioning the Steve Allen thing because I didn't even see it in the paper until you mentioned it.
Well, hey, Jad.
Five F in the Herald today.
Well, I grew up in the era of outrageous TV.
And if I'm not incorrect, Steve Allen and Erie Kovacs pioneered outrageous television.
Right.
And everything is relative.
And in their time, it was outrageous.
It was an awful wall.
In fact, I remember one time, Erie Kovacs, even though we didn't see it on camera, there was a Starknaked woman.
He opened up the door.
Yes.
You said that skit that he used to do where it was a cook man.
He opened up the door and he cracked up and lost it.
And the reason he lost it is there was a Starknaked broad standing there inside the, which we didn't see on camera.
But that was why he lost it.
You're absolutely correct, sir.
And that was the beginning of television as we know it today, which sucks.
And I'm sorry to say it.
But, yeah, if Allen had no right to start bemoaning where television is going.
So we want the drag us back into the 50s.
And even though I enjoyed the 50s very much, it's not the 50s anymore.
And we're not going to go backwards.
We're going to go forward.
We have to grow up someday.
We can't continue living like Ozzy and Harriet.
That's not the real world.
You're absolutely correct, sir.
Thank you very much for bringing that to my attention.
And God bless you.
Yes, sir.
And I'll pray for it.
Okay, I'll pray for all of us.
We'll need it.
560, 7.0560, 05.560 on the AT&T.
You see there is something wrong with television.
You know why there's only one thing wrong with television.
Most of it sucks.
That's the only thing wrong with television.
It's got the potential is unlimited.
One of the greatest inventions in the history of mankind.
One of the most entertaining inventions in history.
But most of the programming blows.
That's why the network audience is dwindling and dwindling and dwindling and dwindling.
Because more and more people are looking for different kinds of entertainment.
Maybe a little bit more adult entertainment.
Maybe something a little bit less than the, you know, Ozzy and Harriet.
And my three sons and stuff like that.
Don't knock my three sons down, ready?
Oh, I'm sorry.
But that's why, you know, so long as they are constrained by the limits of the FCC.
And over the internet, television, people are going to continue looking for alternatives.
You know, when people went out years ago, about 10, 15 years ago,
and they started buying the big satellite dishes.
And for people who have big dishes, which I also have one, but I don't, you know,
you know, with the biggest thing that they subscribe to on the big dishes.
Pornal.
How do you like that?
The same stuff.
Pornal will be that comes over the air in Europe, on over the television.
And people are watching it of all ages.
By the way, I'm sure that there's plenty of adolescents watching that stuff.
Are they having a nervous breakdown?
No.
Are they raping women in the street?
No.
Are they going out and killing people?
No.
Always blaming.
Oh, it's sex.
It's that those words they said, crap on Chicago.
Hope.
What's going to happen now?
And then that line in there.
He sounds just like Dan Quail.
Where is that one line?
He's telling you, oh, yeah.
Pre-marital sex situations.
How do you like that?
Pre-people are having sex before they get married.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Even teenagers are having sex on television, which we know could never really happen.
Thank you, Steve.
God bless you.
This is 560, QAL.
All right.
I have something wrong with our TV.
Our program director is a fan.
Oi.
I asked him what was so amazing.
But he ran out of time to do the eye-catching.
And then he got out of the car.
And then he got out of the car.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Poor Peasy.
He was wondering why no one ever talked to me.
He was selling.
And sketch with me.
And he said, hey, we'll get you his please.
We have a program director that I tried to do.
We have a program director that I tried to do.
Oh, TV.
Oh, that's me.
Why was anyone physically and with me a part of that thing?
Randall, I'm just gonna do this.
There it goes.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
We have a program director that I tried to do.
We have a program director that I tried to do.
We have a program director.
It's a Let Go 3.
That's what he said.
Hey, Goldberg along with Ed Kaplan and Jeff Gleefo
at Tooth of Saftonone from Calder again.
Can you be a Calder again?
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I got the 10.
He's got to leave my two buddies Pukin.
Here comes the nine on the outside.
Oh, geez.
And if peace of dying crap.
And they'll be doing that from two to five at Calder.
And then we got the Jimmy Johnson.
We could be really shot a special show at five o'clock.
Six o'clock, Josh Darrell, beyond killing the hour in there.
As only he can do.
At least it's not Donnie B.
And then we got the Panthers in the Caldery flame seven o'clock
at that pregame, Game Time 730 from the Macarena.
Lots of seats tonight, by the way.
It's a Friday night.
It's a boring town.
Not much else going on.
I'm sure that.
So unless you got a really hot engagement this evening,
come on to the Macarena and watch the Panthers.
They're right hot, baby.
They're smoking.
And this Mortar and.
And Bre will play tonight.
Not.
How they'll believe his brother.
But anyway, in fact, they probably should have bought a big
full page and the paper.
Bre will play tonight.
These people wouldn't know that they're talking about Valerie.
Bre his brother.
They wouldn't know that.
And they might have brought an extra 50, 60 people out there tonight.
We'll say we'll see if the real hockey fans you up there tonight.
Or just the same schmuzers with their cell phones.
That's what I'm going to be looking for tonight.
I'm going to be scouring that crowd.
I think I'll bring some binoculars.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
What do they ask Neil?
Yes, sir.
You know, I found them to agree with you.
But you are so right on this.
I'm so tired of hearing people use television for a scapegoat
for every social failure in Illinois.
We have out there.
Everything that goes on here at somebody else's fault.
Oh, absolutely.
And I want to ask those people, people like Al Capone and Hitler
and the...
TV did it.
Yeah.
And Jack the Ripper and the Marquit decided the biggest pervert of all time.
Right.
Those people didn't have TV.
And if you go into Africa and you see how the Tutsis and the Hutus
chop each other up with machete, chop it up with the Tutsis.
And they never grew up with the ninja turtles.
So...
I want to see a Tutsi roll.
I'm sorry.
So, you know, it's time we started taking responsibility for the real
things that are decided that are causing the problem.
Anyway, keep up the good work.
Okay, thanks.
Some...
I think some day I'll agree with the man something else.
I'm not sure.
Maybe not.
Are these two...
Oh, thank God.
I forgot the seconder.
I thought seven and eight might be.
Well, you know, we'll get to them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Poor Beth Friedman.
That Hollywood teacher.
From Silver Lake's middle school.
She got new problems.
Okay, I'll...
Quite frankly, this isn't a new problem.
This surface before.
I guess they're just getting around to filing your complaint.
This is the same Beth Friedman was accused of having sex with a 13 or 14-year-old boy who's now 17.
And you guys were calling and saying,
Oh, yeah, nice going any or whatever's name was.
See, I don't believe that.
I don't believe that.
I think that if you're a son, if you're a 13-year-old kid came home from school and said,
Hey, Dad, I'm banging my teachers.
He's 40.
You wouldn't be too excited about it.
You wouldn't have said what she looked like, huh?
What she looked like.
If she looked like that, I'd be very little upset.
Like I said, not too good.
You'd be real upset.
And anyway, so now the new deal is,
she was charged yesterday with contributing to the delinquency of another minor,
a 17-year-old, Daniel Beachboy.
The boy's mother, Brenda Del Valle, filed a complaint with Hollywood police,
accusing Friedman of giving her son beer and zanna.
A prescription drug used to treat anxiety and depression.
Her attorney says, totally ridiculous.
It's a second-degree misdemeanor charge,
and we plan to plead not guilty on November 4 when we go before the judge.
My client pleaded not guilty.
The first time she'll plead not guilty this time.
Maybe she could be teaching sex ed.
Uh-huh.
Not that we want to convert you here on here,
because God only knows what the real story is.
There's a real bizarre deal here that kind of like vanished into the woodwork,
about how they had to move into the teacher.
The whole family moved into a condo.
Remember that?
Something really bizarre with that family.
Here's a mobile impopino.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have three things to discuss with you.
Yes, sir.
First is, I just wanted to date my sadness at the passing of Gene Shepherd.
My first memory of listening to him was in my parents' car,
at age 7 and I listened to him as long as I lived in New York.
He was a great monologist.
He told great stories, and it was always enthralling.
And he had a lot of things to say, and it was nice to listen to them.
Yeah.
And the second thing is, did you see the infomercial
that the NRA is broadcasting?
No.
They've got a half hour infomercial on where they have this woman actress.
Her name is Susan Howard, and she's on there,
and she's talking about your constitutional right to have a gun.
And it's almost like it's a mantra, and she says,
we're three million strong, but we have to grow to protect our right to have a gun.
And it was scary.
It was scary to see this, and it shows you how desperate they're becoming.
Now they're trying to use every kind of mass marketing technique that they possibly can.
Yeah, they're protecting our rights.
Hopefully, they're losing ground.
No, they're not.
No, they're not.
They still, they still got their hands deep into the pockets of all the politicians,
all of a big, out of their knee.
Okay, and the third thing I wanted to bring up to you was,
did you read the series in the Sun Sentinel about rebreeding killers in the ghetto?
No.
I'm in the car.
I took it out, and I read it.
And one of the things that was stated by a local civil rights leader down here is,
I don't remember his name, I can't quote it exactly, but basically what he said was,
when you have illiterate teenage mothers breeding who are not cared for or about,
and in a culture of ignorance, despair, and poverty, that they're breeding solar children.
It's a frightening thing.
The statistic is that, you think that's why we have all that rampant crime all over Latin America too,
because they're overpopulated and none of those kids have any jobs,
and they're desperate and starving, do you, sir?
Oh, no, it's a frightening thing.
They might be talking to the Catholic Church, which a lot of these people listening to me right now are subsidizing every Sunday.
We're creating a dangerous underclass of solar and...
Well, what is that solar, is a desperate people of ignorant, desperate, useless people?
And the statistic that they quoted, and they had a little graphic, is that the black males between the ages of 18 and 25 are something like that,
the statistic was seven times higher than any other demographic.
Do you think the 17th, yes?
Oh, you saw it.
George Simon, yeah.
Okay.
Of being shot, of being murdered by a gun.
Right.
It's a scary thought to think that this entire generation of killers is out there,
and it's being perpetuated by so many things, including the way that our generation put the welfare state together.
Like you said, forced sterilization or...
There you go.
If I'm ordered sterilization, just keep saying it pal, say a prayer for it.
Ten minutes after 11 o'clock, it's Friday, you rescued...
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Ripell Association.
Let's face.
Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressing.
But, as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi. I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns.
They scare the s*** out of people, intimidate them, and they're giving you whatever you want.
That's right, hand guns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rob a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
All the convenience.
Take some chimps and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a hand gun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
The simple solution of life's complex props.
All you have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Find a dancing up the street.
Just buy a lot of hand guns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out.
If you consider the population controls, yes, hand guns.
They just might make you think.
What we are for population control is the question about that.
11.15 at 5.50 QM.
I know I've said it a million times before.
I'll say it was just one more time.
Same people.
Don't want to live in a society where everybody and their brothers walk around with a gun.
Oh my god.
And of course, the vast majority of people believe that.
They got nothing to say about it.
They're not going to write a letter.
They're not going to make a phone call.
They don't make a peak.
But you'll notice every time there's an argument about anything that has to do with gun control.
We have another mass shooting.
The newspapers and the magazine.
The news magazines like time and newsweek.
They're flooded.
They're inundated with all these letters.
Millions of letters all saying basically the same thing.
All the NRA songbook all over again.
Samo Krap.
Speaking of the same old crap, by the way, bump in the road for Trump.
Former flag chocked yawds and X-Marine with a flip fetish is doing his best to the
real Donald Trump's presidential race from jail.
Jones doing one to four years after having a sexual relationship with the high heel
pumpsy stool from client Marla Maples.
Wrote to the New York Post from prison upstate New York.
Most inmates here are members of one reform party or another.
He says in plan to vote for their hero.
Trump.
It's like a brotherhood of the con.
He says one con artist to another.
The felon was compelled to take up his pen by the Donald's plan that he's never been guilty of infidelity.
I left my wife and not for a younger woman.
I ended up with the young woman explaining the real estate slice, Casino Tycoon.
I didn't lie about it.
But Jones says that's a lot of crap.
As you and I both know, he says Trump had stashed Maples at the San Maritzo Hotel in January 1988.
And they weren't baking cakes.
I also used to drop Maples off at Trump Tower through 1988 and 89 when every Ivana was out of town or in Atlantic City.
Meanwhile, Trump's play of withholding a $1.5 million divorce payment to Maples after her threat to blab about what he's really like if he runs for office.
He didn't fly a Manhattan Supreme Court judge on Tuesday ordered him to pay up.
Now, how do you like that?
There's a guy who stands for nothing who's never been elected dog catcher who's an airhead with a lot of money.
And who publicly threatens to blackmail his ex wife that if she writes a tell all book, he's not going to pay his alimony payment.
And the judge says, oh, sorry, you got to pay up.
OK, you got to want to have million bucks publicly threats.
That's called blackmail, I think, is the word that they use for blackmail.
And the media talk about him and my good friend Jesse Venturis, he this is what bothers me about Jesse as much as I like a lot of stuff that he says.
How do you embrace a shlump like this?
How does anybody seriously suggest that this man ought to be the president with his finger on the button?
He's probably got his finger on it.
Does that like kind of time with everything else we've been talking about?
I think so.
President based on what?
President Oprah, president Warren Beatty, president Schmendrick.
And then the sun settles today is if that isn't bad enough.
Here's this editorial about Elizabeth Dole.
Elizabeth Dole, dumber than a badly booked.
I mean, she comes across. She is the silliest, the most ridiculous gas that way. She speaks.
She's like a silly person.
Voters losing leadership options is the headline in this heart wrenching gut twisting editorial of the Sun sent with it.
Early dropouts create a shortage of candidates.
Oh, yeah, we lost. We're losing Gary Bauer.
And Pat Buchanan jumped chip over to the before party. Those two Nazis.
Dan Quale.
What's the guy caseage that gets like two votes and then drops out every year?
And what's the name from the one that runs every year also?
From Tennessee.
Lyndon LaRouche.
No, I was in that. I can't even think of the guy's name. That's how obscure he is.
This guy who really believes he's going to be president somewhere.
Every year, he's the first one to drop out every four years.
And who else did we lose?
I said Dan Quale.
So basically you've got George W.
Steve Forbes. Of course, he's got no chance with that complexion of that attitude and personality. A silly person and a John McCain.
Who's going to give George W. Run for his money, which may surprise a lot of people.
So who now needs silly people like Elizabeth Dole and John K. Sicken all these other people have no chance anyway.
Lamar Alexander. Thank you.
Somebody known as those. Hey Lamar, maybe you shouldn't have you. You should change your mind.
Get back in there, baby. Somebody knows who you are. Lamar.
I know. Hey Lamar.
Oh my god. What a bunch of simple to be Elizabeth Dole.
I sure hope I president doesn't run out my husband doesn't run out of my Agra.
Yeah. A silly silly silly person just to listen to her babbling like like a babbling brook like a simple person.
A silly person. And we're losing our options.
Very perspicacious. Very observant. Sun sentinel. I'm glad you're on top of these things, baby.
Here's Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to bring my girlfriend over to your five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 to wireless line.
Here's sunrise. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir.
Like the back step for a minute to the Jenny Lowe bads article. Yes. I think if I'm not mistaken, this is her third column in the sunset.
Really? And I think you may be misreading it. I don't think she's 13 because the first column she wrote was from the standpoint of being a checker at public.
And I don't think so ever since I reached the age of reason 13. Right. Whatever she is, she's still 17 or 18. Whatever she is.
Great. The column never the last. Yes. That's the real and target. But the first one was about how. That's the case and more power to it. And then that's the reason she doesn't. She says she's leaving in 10 months and counting whatever.
Right. And she the first column she wrote had to do with rude customers. Right. I had to check out. Nice. Go on Jenny. Absolutely. And the second thing is again, my memory may fail me, but you were talking about Ernie Kovacs. Right.
And the nude on the side of the set. Uh-huh. Maybe with soupy sales. Absolutely. That's what I was going to say. It was soupy sales. But it doesn't make any difference. I was still way back there in the early days of television back early 50s.
The reason I call it so there's a collector of outtakes and and clubs. I was wondering if there was such a thing as an Ernie Kovacs like that because I have the soupy sales. You know, that's probably a soupy sale.
And the last thing is that if you want to see a really good example of gene shepherds, a movie called a Christmas story. Right. Great movie. Okay. Thanks. Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Sorry about that. Jenny. She's not 13 anymore. She's almost old enough to get that out of here and she's counting the days.
Maybe we can mark today's off on a counter together. Jenny. Here's hi, Alia. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How about Jenny for president? All right. There you go. I'm I'm tired of my buddy Jesse. There he's two type with Donald Trump.
We need her for president. Any of two subjects that are now guaranteed better than Elizabeth dole probably probably two subjects. I want to talk about that. I know you've been talking about all this week. I just flew back from San Antonio.
And you know, they're trying to pass on arena. I vote on building a new arena for the festival team. Yeah. And they're bait to the to the citizens is that it the arena deal goes through.
It will create scholarships for the local kids does not say how many does not say for how many kids or for what school nothing.
Just simply it will create additional scholarships. Yeah, for the kids. Sure. How about taking that money instead of just building the arena build the more schools around or have thousands of scholarships. Exactly. Right. But nothing of that sort of additional scholarships.
Every single one of these new buildings, including the Macarena over here. They got thousands of empty seats. They didn't need them in the first place. You watch when the heat start the regular season in the new American Airlines arena. They're having a bit of a time selling season tickets. There's going to be thousands of empty seats for every game. They needed that arena like I need another hole in the head.
And not once in the few spots I heard on the radio. Did they mention that it was for the San Antonio Spurs. It was for multi use. Especially rodeo. Oh, yeah. They did not want to mention that. Well, that's the way to hook them.
Yep. And another. I got to commend the hero on the series of the Miami International Airport. Yes, sir. They really went out of their way. Well, time they did something good. I've been waiting 23 years for it. Well, I've been working at the airport for 22 years.
And it surprised me. Then this article on the con course age that they talked about how many millions in the cost overruns and the delays and everything they never mentioned how many additional gates were built.
You know, not a single additional gate. Not one. It has the same amount of gates as it had 20 years ago. Great. Yep. All right.
And I believe it is, but it sure does look pretty. It's got three floors, but the there are there's nothing. There's absolutely nothing there, but it sure looks good. The in pretty exactly. It's used by Delta USA USA. Right. And TWA Delta. I think has like six flights a day into Miami. Yeah.
USA has like 17, 18, but that's worth 5.4 billion. Don't you think? Yeah. And I never I've counted. I think the most I counted using the complete con course has been six airplanes. Nice. Beautiful. Okay. Go ahead, Alex. You're great.
Okay. Yeah. You're doing it, baby. Mayor Penga. Remember the guy that called us about wanting to put his concession thing up by the stadium. Remember that poor guy. He was up in Palm Beach somewhere.
Two months ago, and he was told that if you want to do get the concession, then he would have to grease the right palms and do business with the right company, which you refuse to do. And they said, no.
I mean, this is not even a tip of the iceberg. Okay. It's like a little tiny chip out of a big block of ice out of the North Pole. This thing about the airport.
There is so much corruption and so many payoffs and so much palm greasing and so much crap going on in Dade County. And believe me, I have nothing but sympathy and empathy for those of you who live in Dade County.
But don't do like that one guy tried to do yesterday and tell me, oh, Dade County is where it's at. Maybe it's great. We love it. No, you don't. You're stuck here. We we feel sorry for you. Understand. You're stuck.
26 after 11 at 560 WQA. I know for this.
I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I
know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know for this. I know so I find that that that as well. I find that as well. I find that as well. I found that as well. It's a Espio doing whatever a deck that a deck that a deck that a foward world
5,500. I'm gonna tell you, it didn't look too good there the other night.
Really good game.
Another win, 5, 2, 4, over Vancouver.
They got a pretty decent team this year.
We whipped their ass for the entertaining game, a lot of NPCs.
See, it was all built on fantasy.
It was all built on bullcrap on a big year, four years ago.
You know, Stanley Cup and everybody writing about what the banners in the cars.
We love you, Pat.
It was all built on, on phonyness, just like that hurricane football thing.
I had a laugh also right there at the end of the morning show this morning.
They're having a debate on the worst team about, well, you know, what,
what conference could the Huracones join so that we could really, you know,
get some great rivalries, which is code for what conference could they join?
So that like, say if they were playing the Florida and Alabama area here,
they could have 20 or 30, 40,000 fans from the other team in the orange bowl.
So maybe then I can post the filling it up.
It's all built on a deck of cards.
It's not real.
It doesn't exist.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's hi, Leah. Hello.
God, you were listening to the first team today.
You must have been for about five last five minutes.
It's on here and I can't turn it off.
Also, you were speaking about Hank is a bino going to be a call to tonight.
Maybe Bino will be there too.
You know, just be taking some bino.
I've heard he had a caller yesterday that was great.
That call to say that he doesn't care that the kids are in school and
brown and like, you know, those recalls things.
Portable school.
Portable, but he, but we have to preserve the great game of baseball.
Oh, yeah.
He didn't care that he had kids that couldn't get into a classroom.
He was worried about the hand.
Whatever that guy's name is.
Yeah.
John Henry.
Well, you know, he was out of the track.
Maybe we think of the horse.
Yeah, that's the horse's acid.
He was thinking about John Henry.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah.
Yeah, we can preserve him with some sodium nitrite.
How's that?
Go get it.
Oh, and closing.
Yes, sir.
F Steve Allen.
And by the way, he already looks like he's been in bomb, John Henry.
Thank you.
Yeah, F Steve Allen screw you Steve.
Okay.
Let people make their own choices.
I realize that's very radical in America where everybody wants to decide for
everybody else what foods you can eat and what weed you can smoke and all this
other bull crap.
Just educate the public.
Let them make their own intelligence choices and stop killing each other.
That sounds good.
Oh, that's radical, man.
You can't keep saying those things.
Not in this freaking country.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line.
I've said it before.
I'll say it again.
I said it 25 million times.
The sports nerds are a special breed.
Don't expect them to say anything that makes any sense.
We could be having all out nuclear war all over the world right now.
We could be just breathing our lance gas.
And somebody would call it on this radio station and say,
what is your take on that for don't you the pew game this weekend?
Do you have any thoughts on that Vitavia Lee Roy game?
How's that nine horse look in the mid stretch?
Eddie.
Wow.
Here's for a lottery.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing, buddy?
Great.
You know, I'm really sick of these athletes.
I used to be I used to enjoy sports.
You know, I can't even watch the games anymore.
Yeah.
I'm so sick of these athletes bitching and bitching.
And you know what what I would say to be nervous about a bunch of guys who shower together.
Crown going to tell you from experience.
Always be real concerned about that.
Well, I don't have to be nervous about okay.
But I believe you.
Okay.
But anyways, you know, they bitch and bitch about the salary he's getting this.
I want that.
I want what he's getting.
Well, you know what I was going to tell these teams.
You know what I would say?
What the hell would you guys be doing?
Right.
If you guys were.
He should have on cow crap.
That's right.
They either they either be pumping gas.
Backing groups or.
Or an Ethel right.
Well, horn themselves out.
Right.
So you know what?
Look at his viring default.
By the way, I realize Harry Simmons,
he's been a Bruins fan.
Who upset and at least got the meetri Christmas or nothing.
Basically, we're pretty excited about that.
But here's a guy a kid who's got they offer over $3 million a year.
And he says no.
Okay.
What else is he going to be doing?
Like you said,
pumping gas.
Right.
He's going to be pumping it.
And the gas too.
Right.
All right, Neil God bless you, sir.
Later we're starting to see on the show.
We talked to the probably the minority out there.
I don't know if they're the majority of the minority.
But people realize there's a few more important things and some stupid
jock who can play a goddamn game, which yes.
Sometimes we find it very entertaining.
That's fine.
But when some idiot comes along and says, oh, no, I'm not signing for no $6 million.
I want nine million like that.
Alexia Yashin.
Okay.
I say send him to Siberia.
Send that Ruski to Siberia.
Son of a bitch holding up those poor people and out of one.
Guess what?
Auto is still kicking ass without you.
Alexia, they don't want you back.
And this isn't just a guy that's holding out.
This is the guy who already had a signed contract.
And he says, oh, no, I'm not going to show up.
Unless you give me a big extension and a lot more money.
And they said no.
How many of you folks out there?
What a matter what you do?
I don't care what you do and how well you do it.
How many of you would turn down 6 million 8 million a year?
Anybody out there?
I bet you even George wouldn't turn it down.
No, no for what?
Hey, stick it about it.
God, it just makes my guts my kiski's twist just makes my insides puke out.
Boy, you know, they can only play so many years.
Yeah, I love those calls too.
Guess what?
If somebody would pay me eight or nine million a year for five years,
I think five years would handle it.
And maybe for what?
Maybe one or two and say a couple of years would be really great.
Maybe about six months might not be bad.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Have you been watching the real world at all?
Nah, and I think they put those neurotic psychotic teenagers on it now.
I'll tell you that Jewish girl.
She.
She.
Oh, God.
She passed.
Go test bitches and come.
See, the MTV has lost it.
They didn't understand the reason that they were starting to suck a lot of us in there to watch is they had some real hot looking young teenagers on there almost naked every week.
And now all they got is a bunch of neurotic basket cases and that bitchy queen on there.
Nobody wants to see a bunch of bitchy kids on there.
Yeah.
Oh, he's gone.
He was.
Oh, thank you for that.
It's amazing.
How did they got him with a butterfly net?
They screw it up.
You know, they had a good thing going.
They can't even keep that going.
That's right.
Neil, is it possible to make a shameless request?
Yes, sir.
The Chinese food.
You got it, man.
Oh, that's great.
You think you are the best and God bless you.
Take care.
And we'll pray for the chinks.
I mean, 5 6 7.
Oh, so many of them.
5 6 7 0 5 60, but not down here.
We want more Chinese people.
I'm telling you right now.
We want to.
Do we have a look at a Chinatown here?
We are as long as they are.
I mean, it's one of those like two or three Chinatowns.
LA has got two Chinatowns.
New York has got Chinatowns.
San Francisco's got a Chinatown.
Airbeam major city in America has got Chinatowns.
Do we have Chinatown?
No.
No, all we got is Cuba town.
It's all we got.
I say let's take Mayor Pinga, send him to China and bring in some, you know,
Chinese mayor.
That's what I say.
Or let's make Bob near 21 till noon at 2 a.m.
This is 5 60 Q.A.M.
Just a lick them.
How can I help you?
Yeah, I couldn't involve that to be so much off of sail.
Yeah, huh.
Yeah, huh.
We saw the name.
That's it.
Patrick?
Yeah.
You should tell your sponsor to answer my name.
Who?
Who?
It's a fool.
Okay, hold on just a second.
Okay?
Yeah.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Yeah, who's speaking?
Huh?
Yeah.
Hello?
Who's speaking?
Yeah?
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yes?
You got rest off of sail?
Huh?
How much you want for the start?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss.
I come over, maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Does that price include all the walks?
Huh?
What?
What do you mean?
Chinese?
Yeah, Chinese.
Okay, you come to talk to the boss.
To the boss?
Go?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Huh?
Go.
I don't know.
You don't know?
Okay, I'm going to go to the office.
I come over and pick it up and look at the rest of it.
Okay.
Okay?
What do you need me to hire?
Uh, come on, we need to do 5 Mehli.
How many employees you want?
We can both serve in a lottery-cafe competition tomorrow.
Hello!?
That day, join me to the top 5 choose.
Today, we will throw the tickets and the results.
international airport doesn't work. It just, it makes you angrier and angrier and then
what makes you even more pissed off than that is, I'm not going to say the people out there
don't care, but we can't do anything about it. There's nothing you can do about it. You
can get angry, but there's not a goddamn thing you can do about it. And if you want to
fly anywhere, I mean, fly it out of Fort Lauderdale. I guess they got the parking thing done
now finally in Fort Lauderdale, I guess. Maybe somebody will call us. I haven't flown
out of there in ages because I don't want to park 20 miles away and take a goddamn bus.
But you can't go anywhere from Fort Lauderdale Airport. How many places can you go non-stop?
You can go like to Orlando, Tampa, New York, Boston, where? Atlanta, Atlanta, Miami. You can fly
from Fort Lauderdale to Miami. No, you can't. And that's it. Opalaka maybe.
That's it. There is no place you can fly to from Fort Lauderdale non-stop, almost no place.
At least not when you want to go. So you're stuck with this other piece of crap.
And the article today, the $5.4 billion construction plan at MIA promises
architecture of world-class quality, but the most important and public piece of the
airport, the main terminal where passengers by tickets and check bags will fall far
short of the mark. $5.4 billion they're going to spend. I guess who's going to get the biggest
improvement and the biggest and glitziest joints? The people with the most lobbyists, American
Airlines and United Airlines. United Airlines. American by the way with the strong support of
then commissioner Alex Penga, the airline in 1993, won approval for its $500 million
super concourse, then pushed for removal of the airport director. Who would oppose them?
He said, don't call me Judy. We need a correction of what I judged a totally unworkable situation
in the airport. American Airlines lawyer Ted Tedesco said at the time, elder resigned
in the pressure later that's way. Oh, it wasn't a dig duty. It was the elder.
And it goes on and on. It was the commissioners and the course of mayor Penga was a commissioner back then.
Just unbelievable. The people who are manipulating and controlling all the stuff that goes on in
there for their own fun and profit and the right and as far as the public center,
and like that, and it's something I never thought about because I use the park at all the time
there. So I go up on the third floor. I go up on the walkways there, the moving walkways,
which sometimes they're moving much of the time they're not once in a while they move.
Guess what? It costs $12 million to build that crap and nobody knows that it's there.
How do you like that? Nobody knows that it's there, the moving runways. It says on the
terminal third floor, a $12 million moving walkway system runs empty because it's hidden from
side and because it's acceptable, accessible only by lab-run connections. A disgrace says Donald
E. Lefter in the vice chairman of Carnival Hotels and Casinos and the chairman of the one community
one goal visitors task force. He says, my international has got the most user-on-friendly arrangement
that can be imagined. And I've always wondered, you never do see anybody up there. Great. Maybe you want
to, yeah, fine for me. You don't have to go push and over a bunch of old ladies who aren't going
anywhere if refuse to stand over on the right. I don't know if trouble finding them. No, I know where
they are. So that's good. Like I said, let's leave it that way. Okay, I like it.
$12 million and the goddamn walkways don't walk most of the time.
I like the rubber ones. You know, oh god, that's almost like a sexual experience.
Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir. I was just calling in to get my congratulations to the jury.
Who we found our commissioner Burke and his aide and the California business. I mean,
Guilty and Los Bogus by Recharges. I'm just feeling like the government wasted a lot of money
and a lot of effort and a lot of time trying to find these guys guilty of crimes that they didn't
commit. Why can't we do something with it? No, probably because he was black, you know. What do you mean?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Come on. Sounds like you. Oh, I had the phone down. I'm sorry. I'm trying to get through this traffic.
How's it going? You driving a tractor, a tractor trailer through traffic? Yeah, right through.
And he's on a cell phone. Let's hear it for this guy. All right. I'm on my first channel.
Hey, Neil, I don't have season tickets. I don't own season tickets for the Panthers, but
fortunately, I was handed two tickets the other day for a game. Right. That's what game it is,
though. I'm really freaking out here. January 1, 2000. Yeah. I'm wondering, do you think the
the ice is going to be melt? Yeah, I'm wondering what's going to happen on that day. And notice that
they're not playing at noon that day, like they have all the other years that we've had a team that
came in the clock three in the afternoon because they realize that everybody's going to be under
the covers to at least one o'clock that day. I just can't, I can't wait till that day. Just
you was going to be like you're even driving around outside. Who are we playing that day? I haven't
looked at the schedule. The lightning. Like I said, hey, they were free to me in the club level.
$71 ticket. I'm not going to. Can't be good. Hey, Neil, I also heard it's still there. I'm here.
Okay, that the FBI has warned all the local municipalities to be on the lookout for
mayhem on that day. I don't know what that means. Yeah. They noticed something. We don't know.
I don't think it's all the material I got. I don't think I'm watching where you're going.
Okay, thanks. Yeah, watch out for mayhem on New Year's Day. You know, the one thing that I find
amazing. Just like I told you many, many months ago, which didn't take a genius to figure it out,
is that the Y2K thing turns out to be for the most part, much to do about nothing. How many other
had to be billions of dollars spent to update all the computers, et cetera? In fact, one of the
airport guys was to run the pilots was saying, well, you know something they've already tested.
All the they've done the test life. But he said, guess what? It really doesn't have any impact
because planes just like automobiles aren't programmed to fly on a particular date.
Yeah, I know. It's just like the which century are we going? Let's do that again.
That was one of the great shows of all time. Made me feel like a genius. Let's see one and one.
You know, let's see. Yeah. We're not going into the 21st century boys and girls. The 21st
century doesn't start till year 2001. Oh, no. Yeah. Your PMR parade, you're killing our good time
like always, Neil. God dang you. We are not entering the 21st century. This will be the last year
of the 20th century. Yeah, there was no year zero. Just like when you're counting in tens,
the first group of 10 are one through 10. The second group of 10 are 11 through 20. The third
group of 10 penises are 21 through 30. Whatever you're counting, penises, breasts, whatever it is,
assholes, it's 10 at a time. The next one starts in one because there is no, well, I won't say there's
no zero penis. There's always John and sales. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we continue seeking the God damn truth here today, the Y2K. You don't have to have an
arrest breakdown. You don't have to take all your money out of the bank. You don't have to hide
under the bed. The world will not come to an end. It's not Armageddon, et cetera, and so on.
But I would not be flying on too many third words airlines on that weekend. Not a good idea.
Here's Opalaka. Hello.
Opalaka. Yes, sir.
Opalaka. You make me wait too long because I say I'm an Opalaka. What can I do for you, sir?
I'll have the bike. You call it? You're right. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Wait, it's 17 minutes to do a
funny voice. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Uncle Neil, I was arrested for half a joint
the other night by the Miami Herald. Oh my God. By the Miami Herald? By the Miami Herald. Got pulled
over. Forget it with my cigarette pack. The city of Miami. Miami Herald arrested you now?
No, no, no, no. You said you got arrested by the Miami Herald. The Herald is arresting
marijuana smokers. Yeah, my God. Oh, you had it wrapped up in the Herald.
Neil, the city of Miami will not give me my damn bronco back unless I give them a thousand
dollars for a half a joint. That's pretty expensive. Weedman. This is unbelievable. I wonder if
this has to do with these dirt bags. Caesar Odie and all these guys that were working back there.
Sounds pretty Odie with the money. And now I got to pay because of my marijuana.
You don't mean another one of those Julio Crook sees your odious to you.
Neil, I think this is absurd. This is really not fair. I mean, half a joint, you know.
Okay, don't do it again, man. We'll not see in Vancouver. She in Vancouver, Amsterdam.
Wow. That's the American fucking wing. Yeah, 600,000 people arrested last year for possession
just in the US of A. Not for growing, not for distributing, not for selling, just for possession.
Like Clarence Thomas, it was only a little pin joint.
Oh, my favorite call of all time was that one kid, well, screw you, Neil. That guy.
Because he knows that what I said is true. This is a very, very backwards juvenile place.
The US of A. Full page, Adam, the newspaper people people are starving, Steve Alan.
Why doesn't a multi millionaire like you take all the money that you're raising?
And I'm sure he's not using his own money because they got the coupons in it or get people to contribute
to this, this bull crap cause. You want to donate to a good cause, help the people that are starving
to death. Okay. People are going to freeze to death up north this winter, which is going to start
very guy day, I'm soon, by the way, they're having snow in some places this weekend.
And you're raising money so that you can dictate what's on television. If people don't want to see it,
if they want it off, they won't watch it. Very simple.
People don't want if they don't want a criminal ice cream in a marketplace anymore,
they'll stop buying it. They'll stop eating it. And guess what? The ice cream companies won't make
it anymore. They don't want Jerry Springer on. People turn it all off. It won't be on anymore.
They'll have no ratings. That's the way it works. Just like the old Steve Alan shows, Steve.
If people didn't want to see it, they would have turned it off. It would have gone off the year
because you would have had no rating. That's the way it works. It worked that way in the 50s.
It worked that way in the 90s. And if people don't watch their kids, they don't want their kids to
watch whatever the programs are, then let the people be responsible for their kids. Oh, what a concept,
huh? I am so sick and tired of the Steve Allens and the Jim Kennedys and the Jerry Falwells and
the Pat Robertson and all the goody-two shoes telling all of us what we can watch and what we can
think and what's good and what's bad and what we should wear. And don't forget we've got to have
the kids rest up in those uniforms to go to school. All the little brown shirts marching eight off
will be proud. Go stepping to school every day. Then they will be good. Just look at the nots for
you. They were good little obedient nots. These huh? Right? Uh-huh. Seaghyl, baby.
As Ken Jenny says, Seaghyl. Four minutes till noon here at QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Following his message from the Boulder Colorado Police Department. Boulder Colorado,
Naison, Fresh Air and Corruption that rivals Miami. Hi, I'm Chief Mark Vechner of the Boulder
Police Department. Now you're all aware that this country offers the finest judicial system
money can buy. But I can't say that way without the financial support of wealthy folks like you to
help us continue to serve, protect and be your whore. So if you're inclined to
sexually abuse your children and be sent to death with the lamp or any other blunt instrument,
why you can defend on me and others like me to deliver on selective law enforcement
like a tamper in with evidence or losing a DNA sample. Oof.
Say thanks for the new accurate job. I thought yeah, I don't want to body it or
I think we got a suspect over here. Sorry to hear it. So like I was saying,
keep them dying and the checkslimes. So I was Mr. Fung doing by the way, I'm sure.
It's a 1201 at 560. You got to admit it was a lot of fun. Uh it was a good time at OJ Trial.
Can we enjoy it? If they would have fried us as we'd like to better, it was a lot of fun.
Some familiar with the design debates at the airport say that the main terminal might have
commended a bigger budget if only the general public had hired lobbyists to win approval of its
new $1.3 billion super concourse. American airlines had to retain more than 10 influential
county commission lobbyists and lawyers. United Airlines, which is now slated for an area of
airport getting $500 million into construction hired six lobbyists. In fact, the success of
American Airlines and winning a super concourse is a story of political perseverance.
American Airlines began to push the idea for a new super concourse, 47 gates long in 1991.
It would replace an equivalent number of existing gates and was estimated cost a $500 million.
The airport director then Rick Elder objected at the proposal. He said the airline could be
accommodated by renovating concourses D&E, a project estimated to cost roughly 100 million
less than the super concourse. With a strong support of then commissioner Alex Pinga,
the airline in 1993 won approval for its $500 million super concourse, then pushed for
removal of the airport director would oppose them. We need a correction of what I judge a totally
unmerkable situation at the airport. American Airlines lawyer Ted Tedesco said at the time,
Elder resigned under pressure later that week and it goes on and on and on.
About how all this money is being spent to accommodate the worst airline in the airport,
the airline that we just had in the middle of all of this scandal about all the drugs being smuggled,
about the ramp rats and a goddamn hand grenades, all of these things and millions and millions and
millions and millions of dollars are being spent to accommodate the worst airline at the airport.
For those of us who go there as paying passengers where we go we're going to get squat.
Because we don't have any lobbyists working for us and these people don't give a crap about us.
Right Mayor Pinga? You little turd, you little weasel, you little crook.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line, plenty of open lines, we're waiting on you.
About 2, 300 of them. Here's a mobile in Evan Tura, hello.
Hello Dr. Rogers. Yes sir.
Hey Neil listen, here's a couple of more facts and reasons to all those people out there who don't believe
in a theory of evolution. The first one is anybody driving along south on 95 between Sterling and Sheridan
has a nice big put of pito world, I don't know what your nickname for him is.
Just take a long hard look at that and you'll think twice about evolution.
The second one is, did you see us sit on the news or the day before but they dug up that
woolly mammoth fully encased in out of the South Pole and North Pole and this thing was so fully
encased to add the test coming out of the ice. So there's another reason. Also how about those
other bactas pissing off those Hindus and sending them all going hell along with the rest of us
up there at land during the convention? Yeah. At least did you with the Hindus you had a long
we'll have a good time down there. Listen also a few days up for your show this for Jimmy.
We have a shot. We really have a shot.
560.560 on the AT&T wireless line they just lost their interest all of a sudden somebody just pulled
a plug. Look at that. I'll get a chance to play my song 20 or 30 times till two o'clock. I love it.
Thank you again Tracy and Ely. She's on a way to Maine. She ain't going to be here.
Here's a mobile informer. Hello.
Neil how are you doing today? Okay sir.
I'm happy to get a chance to call you on Monday your song about the hurricane. I live
on a Marco Island in Friday afternoon when the storm was forecast. The I just stormed
forecast the past or Marco Island my wife and I are watching the embassy affiliate over here
channel 2 the chief dereologist name is Tom Rector and he goes during his forecast he goes
now would be a good time to get all your personal belongings documents your homeowner's insurance
life insurance papers birth certificate death certificate that I go to my wife. Have you seen my
death certificate around here anywhere? He goes look you now it's a good time to get your
death certificate. Death certificate? Yeah I'm like got it if I died. No but you don't understand
most of the people who are here in South Florida should have one. Unbelievable. What's his name Tom
Rector? Tom Rector this guy is terrible. I mean he will take some of those debt beach you got
on the east coast to come over here but these people over here are late. Well we sent you one
we sent you Corey Sabin we're trying to work on Corey Sabin he looks like any monster from the
the monsters that's the guy. Okay I would like to pal we're sending them back. See you.
5670560 pound 560 you notice how whipped up they are about this airport thing do they care
and of course these people haven't discovered those walkways either. No. They're still lost they
can't they're lost because nobody speak of the English that's what they're upset about.
Like I said the other day I don't care about that. I mean yes it's a little bit annoying at
time. I don't really care. I'm not interested in speaking anybody at the airport. I go to the
counter I get my ticket then my boarding pass I get on a plane that's it. I would like to have a
place where you can go get a good meal that would be nice where we had like larger waiting areas
where it was like less congested where you had the feeling that maybe something had some idea of
what was going on especially like I said over and see this is the thing that kills me American
Airlines they're getting the biggest chunk and they're the biggest wreck of all they are
and they don't care they're the wonder they're arrogant they don't give it then they got their
lobbyist they got their lawyers they got the politicians in their hip pockets like Don Corolley
only they don't give a crap and that's what they give you for service crap the last time American
Airlines had a flight to anywhere there was on time a flight from here to Pocipsi 1986
that's the last time they had a flight that arrived on time. Here's a mobile in Miami hello
hi Neil yes sir I'm reading why I don't care it's like I go out of Fort Lauderdale
is the parking thing finished now it's finished is that you know what even when that parking
garage was being built I used I used to valet parking it was the best thing of for $2 more
a day I never had a problem I love it. Valet parking I didn't know the head valet parking
oh yeah they have valet parking you just take your thing right up to the curb it's $2 more day
than long-term and it's so much it's so worth it and then when you call it then you get off the
plane you just call them they bring your your thing to you but that's why I don't care and I
hate Miami it's so corrupt and so so bad and nobody gives a crap that's the best and nobody
cares these people nobody votes nobody votes and nobody and they know that that's why this all
goes on these people are dead as a door now exactly I would just say I'm very frustrated how
funny is it that I would be used to have Phil Hendry Neil Rogers Rick and Todd and Randy Rose
all in one station yeah and now they're all back in this market all on different stations and all
on at the same time yeah so it sucks Rick and Rick and Todd's around at this time well no I'm sorry
you're right you're right but that's the only one but the other three are all on at the same time
yeah so I'm back and forth so you go and commercial I'm up to 100 yeah you know something
don't phase me in the least bit doesn't affect it hasn't affected the show even miniscule
no that's not even my new that station was smart they see on the app they were smart that's right
anybody knows that if they were smart they put them on from two to five and then my
audience would go over there and then he'd have the opportunity to have a large audience
and then I have heard you're about the third person in the three weeks that he's been on here
you're only about the third person that's even mentioned that he's on probably because people
don't even know well they sure I don't know I gave him plenty of free publicity here maybe if
they weren't so goddamn cheap they go out and get some goddamn billboards or something
have a great day pal oh yeah Neil's getting those free publicity don't seem to be working too good
does it Pete now stop working five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line nine minutes past noon and by the way isn't that the station it's got the tapes uh-huh
we do the show live thank you nine minutes past twelve at WQM it's Friday you
best good okay 1213 at QM we've reached the ultimate soft Lord experience okay
I was just telling George take a look at that and I we got this beautiful little computer screen
there's one line lit on the board it's a mobile in Seattle hello
hey Neil yes sir I'm you're my own call pal hey they don't know what they're missing down there
yeah they don't know squad it's a it's a radio wasteland up here also the only thing we have is
the marginal best-time like it oh god
I know it's not gonna be a lot hey I've missed you so much Neil and uh hey I was just wondering
do you have are you selling it in the like tape remember you were doing it?
yeah okay um after the call and I got get on with George and grab a tape but um I just I
miss you a lot and it's it's really I'm glad I moved out of part because this is honestly
a living of breathing town I mean it's a you'd love it up here yeah
definitely should come up and take a visit too far oh it's not that far I've never been there
I'd like to go there and I'd like to go to Vancouver too but they're too then far oh you know
if you come up here go to Seattle uh go to Vancouver I I recommend Victoria over Vancouver yeah
Victoria is one of the most incredible Queen cities it's it's so clean I mean it's the
Seattle is too it's just like a beautiful Queen city and and the people are actually nice
and respectful up here it's amazing how do you like that sounds like Toronto domain yeah you know
what it's called the all like world cleanest big city in the world they say about Toronto I know it's
it's probably a lot like Toronto and I just I just missed your story thought you know my favorite
story um I think you've ever told was of both time that you went on that date with the girl and
you're right is a car right that was scrapped up the scratch the crap out of the city in
Toronto that beautiful black Chevy yeah cute guy guts out like you might see my walk on it on the blanket
it was a grass glass the grasser yeah that's the guy was the greatest I I'm just driven around
I remember her name her name was Arlene she was a knockout you would like to go up for
that oh yeah you tell you were saying she was like a beautiful girl
I was how did all the other guys would do her huh she was she was she wanted to like date you
or something for a while and and you were like given her the brush off yeah how did you eventually
just say okay she lived in Detroit I was in East Lansing I mean I was just a punk I couldn't
afford to be a you know smashing up cars every week okay hang on pal okay I'll give you the info
all right and take care of yourself hey you too you're my you're my best radio friend god bless you
you too hang on line five he sounds so deep praise just say goodbye see once they get out of town
then they appreciate me when you're in town it's like ah screw him that's the way they look at it
even Carlos came in with a mail it's that's Neil screw him you know that's the way they operate
around here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line what is Carlos
to distraught about oh thank you we love you Carlos by the way tell uh uh what's
her name we love her too what's her name well Griffin oh god what a place this time I mean I
looked at that I wish I should have taken I wish I had my Polaroid camera in here like Jason did
the time he dropped that shirt in the toilet that Jay shaped her I said it's a good thing your name
is in Mike the Jay was for Jason but at any rate I said here when it was the one line flower you
are gonna tell that guy something or what I don't want to get push you the guy in line five from Seattle
concerts on his dime I think here's a mobile and Davy hello mobile and Davy okay and I
was talking to you too asshole here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir listen I'm uh
native born heterosexual gringo and can I step up on the soapbox for a minute with you go ahead
stay county sucks yeah and here's why I worked at that super eight concourse and I've been reading
all the follow-up letters to why that that airport expansion project never gonna happen it's never
gonna it's never gonna finish with the budget that they've allocated ever you can take that number
triple it probably right every time we had a problem at that concourse the county people would come
in there and throw a bag of money at it and just say get it done every time there was a problem or
there was a a budget constraint or a budget question money would be there it would be there and
three times what it would figure it would be and that's what it ended up cost and that that
in and of itself is a problem but the reason I say to count sucks I grew up here when it's town
when when Miami had was a self-respecting town when the people that lived in it enjoyed living in it
now everything about it is corrupt and dark and and tainted and poisonous and
I'm telling you man oh but I don't know you know I don't want to talk to town no it's not a bad
conflict I really wish you had an audience in a town that could appreciate what you do
besides these these hateful but one thing I would like at least they're consistent I don't take
it personally because just like Dan Marino the guy's been here for 17 years and yes always injured
now he's had a couple of bad games whatever but no matter what he did for this team and for the
so-called fans here they don't appreciate it they don't appreciate anybody who tried to do
something good here but what they do is they suck up to the assholes like mayor penga and all
these other jackasses and they just keep putting the same loses in over and over again
I know and you know it's it's the real thing the real bottom line for me and for most of my
friends or we're in our late 30s early 40s that really pissed us off as we lost this town the
people who come over here and absolutely refuse to acclimate themselves to the customs and society
that we live in and it's completely changed absolutely correct that's right and that sucks and
and with that I'm gonna wish you a great day I've got bigger and better things to do I'm going
back to Brown County where the last bring a leave of Miami please bring this life okay oh yeah they're
pissed off at you people in Dave County you know something your airport is corrupt your mayor is
corrupt and you people sit out there all you do is go you don't get a crap about anything what do
you expect us to say oh boy it's a paradise huh but see these people don't go anywhere they really
don't that's why that's why we get eight million calls a year oh you knew I'm going to Vegas for
the first time can you recommend me a seven eleven that's pretty nice out there can you they don't
go anywhere they don't know from the airport what's going on out there and the only time we ever
get calls about Miami International Airport it's the same thing oh I don't ever go near there because
nobody speaks English first of all that's a bunch of bull crap secondly uh how can you go get
anywhere without going there where you're gonna go from Fort Lauderdale Fort Lauderdale Airport is
for uh you know goiam it's for glam and old Jews who are going to New York on the uh on the uh
you know on the emergency ambulance run the geriatric run so seriously when you see a plane coming
in from New York it for Lauderdale Airport and the porter is right away have like 16 wheelchairs
they're taking the ramp you want to know why because it's the geriatric oh the
medics flight the death flight 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T I'm going to tell you something I
do it for the money just to go back to the guy well if you hate so much about this I do it for
the money I sure don't do it for this tremendously responsive audience because just like this guy says
and a guy called a me for and see et al they don't appreciate what you do for him
just like the thing with the one cent sales tax I could have just avoided that I don't need to
sit here and puke my guts out day after day I could sit here and play a bunch of funny crap all
the time that's it don't have to work my brains out and have a nervous breakdown try to raise
money for a good cheerity try to do something positive in the community where you've taken money
out for 23 years you got to give something back but these are the most grudging the most unyielding
the most unmoving it doesn't make any difference whether it's politics whether it's radio whether
it sports go to a goddamn ballgame a hockey game yeah it's the same thing
you can't move them with a goddamn crowbar they're immovable man and intractable
here's pepper pine hello hey I you know I knew okay sir you know I know I know you don't like
talk sports there's like that but you know the speed of work situations going up and down after
yes what an idiot this president the university I went to Florida state and this guy really is
an idiot this president have you ever seen him no he wears a stinking bow tie you know and you
know who he hired when he was he you know he's a former lawyer in the whole thing and everything yeah
he hired Janet Reno when she was coming out of college and I was like yeah exactly and I you know
the one good thing is though you know she wasn't on her knees giving him a oral pleasure to name
sure right because she was disgusting but uh you know you know when you were talking about these
people don't appreciate you down here exactly you know what they don't is because when they go away
they actually realize you know you're the best thing that is around because you know wherever they go
I mean to fit these people on radio or it is you know okay and Neil yes sir can I have a request
by chance okay hangover song if possible you don't want to do hangover song yeah the one we
released uh not the wife okay that one you got it loving him too he doesn't mean my wife left
town would hangover did we got that oh yeah we got it five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on again and believe me I know it's not gonna change I'm not gonna change this town I'm not
gonna change the people they're not all of a sudden gonna be and this bull crap oh they're so
afraid you they're so intimidated by you like the salespeople in here you want to know why most
of our salespeople are intimidated by me because most of them are incompetent if they could come
in here like a bench and talk you know mono al mono whatever the hell that means
hand the rectum or whatever that is but they can't do it because some of Marcel went up over
their heads all the way to their rectum that's right like I said intimidating my ass if you have
an opinion and you have any any feeling that it merits anything you know you say it you're verbalized
if we had a woman collar here today no I don't think so was there one I don't think so I just
keep bringing that up I know we have no women audience it's amazing to me though that when
we go to the hockey games men women teenagers little kids they're all peeing all over hey
me I love your show they wouldn't call no matter what it was unless we had free tickets which you'll
never get another giveaway on this show as long as I'm here in the seat ever ever never ever
George wants to give crap away when he's here that's his prerogative that's up to you
fear to the green goes fear to the green goes that's fine with me all the beer you want but not this kid
it's bad radio it's not as bad radio is oh gee I got the 10 horse here comes the 9 on the outside
that's the worst radio in the history of broadcasting the all-time worst eddyk
uga member in waiting nobody cares if you got the 9 horse if you got the 10 over the 7 8 9
well we don't care nobody cares it's boring termally want to go to the track great I just don't want to hear
it oh my god wow here's Fort Lauderdale hello yes sir I knew how you doing great
oh well consider it huh I'm doing okay okay and I'll wait back today I uh not
I asked George if he'd seen this article I heard about this article in today's Fort Lauderdale
whatever they call it the Baptist Church prayer for world Hindus I didn't see that so they
called about that what what pages that on it's um 14 I can fact that they should like 14 A
it's uh you got the paper I got in my hand right now in the paper too it's on 14 A
great you had a lot of this yes sir okay good this is uh oh those vatis are praying for everybody
two weeks ago it was the Jews now they're praying for the hinders all got a vatis or a vatis
or a prayer for the world Hindus pre-festive and they you know they did it with the Jews that
uh right at you on kipper roaches the most solemn Jewish holiday and now they're doing it just
that when the Hindus are gonna have their big holiday what are these people thinking how to
how to win friends in the pubic relations and Christmas when they can do before Christmas I wonder
probably uh do something with the Catholics and the Virgin Mary well they got it under the wrap
yeah anyway uh I just would like to say to all these people in any kind of religion or group or
whatever if you're religion or group or anybody teaches or preachers intolerance against any other
group get out of the group it's not really worth it that's right if they preach intolerance we
hate you like poison exactly have a great day pal you too now pray for it thank you sir all right
I'm gonna become a Baptist and pray for everybody then I can be in heaven all by myself
yeah you've baptized they're gonna be lonely up there I'll tell you that
gotta have a bunch of Jews and horny Catholics uh up there with you otherwise it's no fun
especially the horny Catholics god are they horny woo almost as horny as the Chinese 26 past
noon at five 60 wq way we're gonna do like four news cats an hour the rejoins with these
little mini promo isn't playing half of a guide in quarter of football they're too long so like I
said we wound up doing four news cats an hour and that's why people like this nice lady don't
want to hang on but I'll put her on right away before I play the bit hello I yes ma'am I have a
female I listen to you we just want to let you know the only decent thing on the radio that's
correct but the only time I can uh listen is in the car which um in now yeah but I agree with you
with these morons I was in this uh seven eleven the other day and um the girls says let me ask the
manager I said it's the word is asked afk wow she says no I have I I have an accent then why I say well
I'm trying to out no way to say in other words she was a hool yet yes huh what when I said I'm
just trying to help you she's like sorry sorry yeah anyway I love you okay thanks we darn okay
solid for waiting okay there you go like I said my wife left town would take Goldberg
what a lucky go found a little chubby hiding a chance or it wasn't it was his overcoat
a whole forever half a two-year-old can't go bad breaks your ratings and I stayed for the beer my
wife left town with I go bad here I have eighty degrees different the ratings aren't slipping
the late she's on to live for two days
yeah how come he doesn't do anything on the end of that one all the other one here we left out a
good shri or something he hung it up at that point oh remember he's just playing the phone
then right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Baptist urge
prayer for world Hindus pre-festival publication outrageous religious leaders the Southern Baptist
convention and I guess they're trying to be the most intolerant of them all and I think they're
doing pretty good job of it the nation's largest Protestant denomination is urging its members to
pray for the millions of Hindus lost in a hopeless darkness of Hinduism oh that's a lovely way to
put it isn't it about thirty thousand booklets to be issued on Monday in time for Diwali the major
Hindu festival of lights just like they did before yum kipper the same thing they wait until your
biggest religious holiday and then they're gonna stick you with all this propaganda and try to
convert you just so it can be as offensive as possible it calls for the conversion of those
who worship gods which are not god our god is the right god your god sucks our gods the right god
your god suck but they're religions older than Christianity by thousands of years
yeah i'm sorry and my mother's older than i am does that make her right no it just mean old
cravey fault finding the book that says that Hindus have no concept of sinner personal responsibility
the denomination previously published booklet soliciting prayers for Muslims and Jews offering
offending leaders of those faiths offending pitching them off filming them at the mouth
the language in this publication is harsher says there was more than books editor there is a
clearer definition that Hindus are lost he said we are all lost without Jesus Christ
diwali is a major festival dedicated to locks me goddess of prosperity and goodness and the
prostitution whatever umma maksokar president of the Hindu temple of flushing in New York she's
the president of the flushing temple and secretary pressure the council of Hindu temples said the
timing of the publication is insulting miss over car whatever the hell her name is what is it
tiramisu said the thinking contained in the god is not only absurd but also ignorant
i don't think Jesus himself would have said not to respect other religions
harry charma no kinda harry christina president of the Hindu temple of greater Chicago said
whoever publishes such a book does a disservice to the society people should understand more
than other religions not go back and history when we're attacking one another a guide to praying
for Buddhist is also planned that there how to pray for him i guess you got to shave your head
for your shave their head before you slice him at the neck is that how the good Christians do it
oh yeah give him a bad shave their head and then uh give him the old chop oh by the way one of the
great t-shirts i ever saw in my life and at last uh game in new york or maybe it was the game in
Atlanta i don't know but it was a met span kid about 15 years old had a t-shirt on
little message for the brave fans it said chop this and it had an arrow pointing down to his
crotch nice go on pal i love it and then there was a kid the other night at the hockey game
we'll add he was obviously a fsu kid had a t-shirt on it says i guess will roger's never met steve
spreeer and i thought good point five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line that's our poor question today who's the biggest Yahoo butch Davis steve spreeer are
bobby boudon let's put in terry boudon in there too okay he's got a few problems there let's
put his name in the old hopper too who is the biggest Yahoo here's the mobile in four-later day
hello deal yes sir what's up i saw the funniest comedy bet on channel seven the other day yeah it
was these trailer trash guys over in davie blaming the mayor for the water the rain and they were
saying that it was the mayor's fault that there was so much rain around and they should bring
in truck and pump it somewhere yeah did you catch that no i did not oh it was it was hilarious
it was you know channel seven they were very serious the reporters were like well what do you think
should be done and they were they were saying uh you know harry harry pinax yeah he was to blame for all
the the rain it was uh you know all this fault let me let me ask you a favor can i call somebody
to do shbag no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty we finished doing that a long time
ago sir we don't call people to do shbag we don't give stuff away we're moving on on word
it up or okay we're trying to you know graduate it's only been twenty three years we're trying to
move on to the next level first grade okay we finally got out of kindergarten now we're moving
out of the first grade you think we can do it no wow if i got i got a neck i got a stiff neck
from this show today i'll take it that right now from these people what the hell about waste my
time with that stuff about the airport i guess because i go there a lot these people don't care oh
we don't go anywhere near there no because you don't go anywhere you don't get out of here
maybe if you'd get on a plane and go somewhere like to a real civilized place you come back
here and you say you know something he's got a point maybe you might say that
god it works the notion in the basket
oh
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Her flatter pop!
And then she's got...
Who's a squat?
Ah...
On the road with her, there's nowhere to stop.
No way that they came in, they didn't want to stop.
So when they got it, they got a squat.
Where's work?
They find a bush or a bacon's lock.
Ah...
Ah...
What?
Ah...
Ah...
Ah...
What?
Lucky the monks, they got a squat.
Ah...
Lucky the monks, you're lucky.
Ah...
Come on, baby, let me see you squat.
And I can win you got a distance squat.
Come on, baby, let me see you squat.
Make your knees better, how could I got?
Come on, baby, let me see you squat.
Squat, squat, squat, squat, squat, squat, squat, squat, squat, squat.
143 at 5, 50 WQM.
By the way, the rejoins are too long.
In case our PD in-between wipe-in-the-tieres from his eyes,
the rejoins are too goddamn long.
That's part of the problem here.
The formatting.
You can't complain about the formatting starting station
because they're not existent.
Just unbelievable.
It's just, you know, it's like an invitation.
Well, you know, if you think you might call us someday,
don't plan and hold it on, because we'll do everything in our power
to discourage you from hanging on.
Here's Miami, hello.
Miami, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Nail, um...
One of the tips at some point.
I heard you before saying that, uh...
had to be canon or a Patrick Buchanan was joining the reform party.
Yes?
That's true.
Well, it's been on the news.
It's not a secret.
I didn't just make it up.
Oh, man.
Yeah?
That gives a radical.
He's a what?
A radical.
A Nazi.
Yeah.
You know, we were supposed to be the centralist party.
We?
Yeah.
I remember every one party.
Yeah.
And then how come Gisiventura is talking about Donald Trump?
What does he stand for?
Oh, that gets back in our line.
That's a comedy show.
Uh-huh.
Well, when are you going to come up with a serious candidate?
Well, we had the one from Minnesota.
He's throwing pretty good.
Gisiventura, he's not running.
But he ran for governor.
He's not running for president.
Oh, wow.
I mean, we...
It's hard enough for us to find a good candidate.
You know, it's a political party that just started.
And, you know, there's not too many good candidates in any party.
Look at the Republicans and Democrats.
Let me ask you something else.
Uh-uh.
Why do they have to put these shows on these golf shows
that they're going in the morning and flip for that?
Because anybody that would be stupid enough to listen to a golf show deserves to get up at seven in the morning.
Have a great day, sir.
And good luck to us with you and there.
Was that a great reform party collar?
Uh-huh.
That was the definitive call.
Okay.
We got 20 or 30 open lines here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Um, if you think that the comment about I'm going to ask you a question and something.
How about on all three television networks for the past week or so,
talking about the lady who lost her two twin boys on every state.
And that's what they're saying.
Two twins.
Now the next thing is this.
The most absurd thing I've ever heard about from people talking about the whole Jesus thing is that.
Well, I don't really know if it's all true, but you know, I just kind of keep playing both ways to protect my face.
That's the most after nothing I've heard.
Is there anybody who would admit that in public deserves to be put out of the misery?
Not only that near the if it turns out to be anything to the whole God thing,
then he knows that they're bullshotting.
That's right.
See you later.
Okay. He can smell it.
He can smell a pile of crap from 50 million miles away.
I mean, anybody who can hear the prayers is 600 million, uh, six billion people all at the same time.
He sure can smell it.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60.
I have to admit a few days ago I was in public one evening and I, uh, I couldn't help it.
You know, I've had this mind a little cold head cold.
And I, oh.
And I was standing in line, but there was one there was a woman with her daughter and she had like a whole bunch of coupons.
Whole bunch of coupons.
And at first I stared like backing away because even though I cut it out in the aisle,
but it was one of those that follows you, you know, it, yeah, it follows you.
You think that you're going to leave it behind and oh, thank God there's nobody in that part of the story.
And they're not going to know what's me, but it followed me right into the cashier line there in the checkout.
Because I could, I thought, oh, even I don't like it. You know, it's really bad.
But then I saw this old bitch as you went that old, but she had a whole bunch of these goddamn coupons.
So I just mosey right on up there and stood there.
And she was so busy making sure the checkout girl got every damn coupon.
She didn't even notice.
I don't think.
Can't stand.
I realize there ought to be separate lines for women with coupons.
Go. I realize you got, you know, you're buying for a family of 25 and you don't make the big bucks like I do.
Great. I don't, I don't begrudge you getting your two cents discount on this and you're paying discount on whatever.
Just find a separate line. Okay.
Just get the people through there who have real money.
Why is it that the people with, we mentioned the CEO today about the express checkout.
Why is it that people with real cash who want to pay real money?
No checks, no credit cards, no coupons, just in and out.
We have to always be the only just a second wind.
Here's David. Hello.
This is what I always do. I just always keep walking and farting and it doesn't matter with them.
How's it going, Neil?
As long as I'm obviously always lingering, it was like a cloud right around my body.
People don't mind with me. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
First time caller, longtime listener.
I just wanted to say, everyone, you know, really appreciate you being on the radio.
They're just little whoolyos out there that I get you sometimes.
But I go to college and there's a lot of classes that radio has been brought up and everyone's somehow miraculously knows what I'm doing.
I know that I know that everybody in this town listen to show every single one of them.
Oh, they know every one of them.
They know you, especially the only one who I love you.
The young whoolyos are obsessed.
They have a new blow up doll that they sleep with at night.
Second is a hockey player.
Oh, there's got a foreskin. Yes.
I was looking at the NHL standings.
Uh-huh.
What is this RT in the standings?
I'm a regulation tie.
I'm sorry.
Regulation tie.
I know it.
I'm not going to go ahead and follow the papers because you know how they are given to the way for you.
How do you put a team with ten points in second place and a team that's got eleven points in third place?
How do you give Ray Whitney two points for every goal and a point for every assist?
They are clueless.
Man, it's getting worse by the, it's the seventh year we got a hockey team here and the media and the public they even know less than they did the first year didn't get that.
Oh, no, I wasn't going to let him do it on the air.
He's asking my permission.
We don't do douspecs.
Let me stand again.
No more goddamn douspecs.
God.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Man, is that frost my ass?
It's like the thing with that cappelin out there at the racetrack.
It's the same thing.
Nobody cares about your friend Steve or whatever his name is and nobody cares about whether Ed bet on the nine horse, the ten horse, the eleven horse, the eighteen horse.
Nobody cares.
It's boring.
It's terminal.
It's the worst excuse for crap I ever heard in my life.
Oh, God.
I think I'm going to take a microphone with me.
I'm going to go to Pompea every week and we'll do a show from there and Fat Rich.
Oh, God damn it.
Brucey here again.
I mean, come on.
I can't wait till Monday.
You know what?
I can't wait till Monday because if you think DFO is paranoid now.
Yeah.
Remember the last trend?
It lost like 50% of the audience in the morning there and at the 2554 from the three to to a two point one.
Remember that?
That sounds like almost half.
What's going to happen when the whole summer book comes out?
What if there's like we all have another bad month in the last month of the summer book?
You know what I'm saying?
Wow.
He'll really start eating.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Who we on Miami?
First time caller also.
All right.
You know, I'm usually not a tight skin person but I heard this the woman earlier called.
A tight skin person?
Well, you know, a, um, a foreskin person?
Well, I am a foreskin person.
A thick skin.
There you go, thick skin.
Right.
You have this woman.
You have this woman called earlier.
Criticizing a who, yet, who worked in the 7-Eleven.
Right.
First of all, this lady is working in a store where she would never consider working.
Making minimum wage.
And then at least she tries to learn the language.
I mean, should she make up that, you know, an easier target?
You know, there's other people out there.
How about it when a bit of sparse it that was working in the store saying, actually a question.
Would that have been better?
Well, those are the ones that are saying that.
So I mean, I don't see what this thing is.
At least this woman is trying to make a living.
How do you know that?
Making minimum wage.
So in other words, you can't speak properly because she's working for a cheap.
Well, she came from another country for gas.
Maybe if she could learn to speak the language right, she might be working in like 8-Eleven.
Right.
Anyway, maybe McDonald's.
They're paying ten bucks an hour.
That's not too bad.
Well, she would never work there.
That's my only point out.
How do you know that?
Why not?
Because she says every good word will be done if you're talking about the collar icing.
Yeah, I'm talking about the collar.
So what's she doing in 7-Eleven anyway?
Well, there you go.
She ought to be in public.
Sorry, a lot of things.
Well, that's right.
She was buying a lot of tickets over.
Okay, I'm the King of Edas.
Love you, Neil.
See ya.
I'm waiting for Kyle!
Oh, right!
Kyle!
It's the pins and the eagle's all the way down to the corner.
They joined us for the girls in 3-1 and they're going to stay there.
We might find town town to kick us.
Ah!
The game starts at 1.
Ah!
On your dolphin's stick.
Ah!
4-2-0-5-60-Q-A-M.
Ah!
Ah!
Now we're going to Q-A-M.
Oh, my head has a good foot water day.
So, uh, in 2 hours.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo 4-5.
Ah!
How are you?
John Rambo's still alive.
I want to make movies 4-5.
My life ain't going great.
Plenty Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was an 85-lay.
Rambo 3 was an 88.
Stuart, and Stuart, and Stuart.
My god, I did not make this movie with my son.
They've never said, Jews and Rocky Fox and Daylight, the tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get along from the power of crap.
I gotta have a better look at movie.
Or Broadway show like Geno G.
I guess nobody ever saw cops with him.
It was too good to say, I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
Living to gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4-5.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script I can do via long walk.
Keep it zipped.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a lot.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be on offer and now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one-man show in Port Kipsy.
Basically, I'm an unemployed gypsy.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get alone from the common clean.
I gotta have a mother who had moved me.
Or Broadway show like Geno G.
I guess nobody ever saw cops with him.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4-5.
I'm not there all of you.
Absolutely.
103-560-WQ-A-M.
Here's the fact that it says a lot of women listen to you,
but most of us are working on able to call.
I listen to my headphone every day,
although I get static with all the computers in my office.
That's what happens when you're on a crappy AM station like this one.
Crapie.
Crapie.
I used to listen to you from way back when I was living in Jamaica.
How do you like that?
Crapie.
If you get W-Y-N-Z at nights, you used to be before Bill Carter.
That is absolutely correct.
Came to the US in 1987, found you on an FM station.
It must have been Zeta, right?
Uh-huh.
The reason I don't call is I have to hold on too long to speak with you.
How do you like that?
There's a nice, you're a make-cooling lady there who listens
every day on her head, says to work, but she do not be calling.
She has to wait too long.
And I don't blame her.
Especially with those long rejoins.
Just keep dragging it out, dragging it out,
make the four minute breaks, which are too long in the first place.
Make them into five minute breaks.
Come on, bluff.
You're going to reduce me to tears pretty soon.
Let's play about a half a quarter of a football on the God damn rejoins.
You maniac.
You lunatic.
You crazy person you.
Thank you, power play.
Here's a mobile in deer field.
Hello.
Mobile in deer field.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay.
You talk a lot about refined carbohydrates.
Yes.
If you weren't overweight and diabetic, would you not still not eat them?
How do I know?
I'd like to have the opportunity to find out.
Well, it's probably true.
You're right.
I mean, when I go to the store,
if I could eat everything that I wanted to, that I liked,
and I wouldn't be fat or diabetic, would I do it, of course?
But you can't do it.
Now you got me going through the stores looking on all the back of the labels
to see what exactly is in there.
I found this pasta that says it's got nothing in it.
No carbohydrates?
It says, it's companies named the balls, and it says there's no light.
It's like the spinnispost, do you mean?
Yeah, an artichoke and stuff like that.
How many carbohydrates does it got?
It's got like 0.001.
Carb?
Yeah.
Are you serious?
That's what it says on the back of the box.
I'm going on and getting some of this weekend.
I've had that stuff before, and it's great.
Yeah, the balls pasta.
I only had an artichoke flavor there, but I'm thinking,
crap, that's, I love that the best.
It's great.
That's great stuff.
I appreciate your telling me.
I'm going to go on this weekend.
Thanks, Neil.
Thanks.
How do you like that?
I love that stuff.
I thought, how is that possible?
How can you make pasta with no carbs?
Because I tried some of that other so-called Carbless pot.
You know what I remember?
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Ooh, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That would make me a sir.
You may have just saved my life.
That would send me to heaven.
Because I'll tell you, you know, the sauce that Alan
from Delight Sennis delicious.
It's got chunks of eggplant and oregano.
All kinds of great stuff in it.
And like a half of a half a couple is only got four grams of carbs.
So that sounds like I can go back to my pasta.
I better check the bowls.
Check those labels, baby.
Nice going.
So you can thank me, sir.
You're welcome.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm coming.
How are you?
Okay.
I'm doing it.
I'm coming to things I've been listening to you from since 1982
when I got here to Miami from Uruguay.
Oh!
Wow.
Yeah.
And man, you're incredible.
Yes, my dear.
You're the voice of Rizom.
I'm the voice of this community, sir.
And after my time, I can't comment.
Oh, my God.
I don't want to take responsibility for it.
That's so true.
Listen, I call you because I saw this article on last Sunday's health.
It's a book review.
And the name of the book is Hitler's Pope.
Right.
You saw that?
Yes, I have pies the 12th.
Yes, sir.
Never met an Nazi he didn't like.
Oh, my God.
I'm going to get that book.
I don't have the book here, but I'm going to get a lot of people
who sent me that and I saw it in the paper.
Uh-huh.
Yes, it's incredible.
How do you like that?
Yes, yes.
Never trust a man in a dress, believe me.
Yes, yes.
But you know that you're from Uruguay.
Yes, yes.
The old school is you are gay.
You're a gay, right?
Okay, I call them that.
Okay, I have to get right this.
I'll read it.
Bye bye.
Ciao.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Deboes, pasta.
Can that man be right?
Is it possible?
Because it's certainly not like point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, what have we said?
He better take a puke at that again.
Okay, the carbs.
But if that's true, I'm going to go home.
I'm going to have a gigantic.
I'm going to fill the bath.
Just put boiling water in the bath tub.
And just put about 20, 30 containers of that in there.
I love that stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Even this afternoon, here at QAN.
It's Friday, you bastard.
All right, beard here with me.
Winch firecoff.
Back when I was sailing to high seas,
a certain thing was taken for granted.
That was once you captured yourself a winch and dragged her to your quarters.
The moment you stripped your bear and threw her on your bed,
even the most perky of breasts would sag to Leward.
But recently, I got myself a winch who said she had silly phone in her breast isis.
And this winch was like none I've ever seen before.
Even once I threw her down.
Her breasts were still perky enough to almost take my good eye out.
It was an amazing thing.
So after 400 years of seeing it seems that there's always something worth ducking for.
This is red beard with me.
Winch firecoff.
Same till the next time.
Safe voyages.
113 to 560.
Tight lines in good fishing, dude, too, sir.
Don't forget if you work at 7-Eleven.
Do not be accident-accompanied.
There's no stupid questions.
I mean, why is it that if you work at 7-Eleven,
you have to be a little bit.
Is there any law that says you have to be?
I don't think so.
There's some very nice people who work at 7-Eleven.
In fact, some of the nicest people in the world work in convenience stores.
I don't think I've ever met anybody in convenience store who worked there who was like an asshole.
Huh?
I mean, maybe they weren't road scholars.
They weren't rocket scientists.
Have you ever met like scumbags who work in convenience stores?
I make them scumbags shopping in there.
Trailer trash.
Antio-mama types.
But the people working behind the counter, they always seem very nice.
Here's a mobile in the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Thanks for remembering me from the express lane call a couple of days ago.
Yeah.
And by the way, they're not called coupons.
They're called ju-pons.
I can say that because I'm Jewish.
Oh.
I can't see if they put up a sign that's a ju-pons alab.
Nobody would use them.
Yeah.
Well, if I would have known that, I would have parted again.
And there's one thing that is definitely worse than sports talk radio.
With financial talk radio.
Right.
If anybody stand listening to who pairs, if you're interested, just put on the CNBC and get the market wrap.
So don't even put on CNBC.
Yo, for when I had the seven months off that I got paid in a very short time that I was here in town,
thank God most of the time I was away.
But when I was here during the daytime, I would be watching that CNBC.
And it makes you want to put a gun to your head.
It makes you crazy.
And they can just imagine listening to that old day or working at Trump believable.
I know what F.D.L. is doing in a terrible.
F.D.L. is doing financial talk.
1400, that's F.D.L.
Yeah.
That's a big deal.
Oh my God.
That's why that's like doing bowling on radio.
Unbelievable.
I mean, I had a tornado full-time driver.
How do they read the ticker to you?
They read like read them one after another.
They just have independent brokers.
The Dow $136 and the Nasdaq's up 34 and a half and a standard and four is up 17.
That's why I don't need to know it's another update today.
Let's hear it.
Oh, did you see?
Hello?
Yeah, did you see last weekend's Sun Sentinel, the magazine section with this article on the 10-year-old kid who's in college now?
No.
You ever hear Greg Smith?
No.
This kid, if you want an idea of what he's into, what he was wanting, he was wanting to resound in the alphabet.
At five, he did a science project on photosynthesis.
At 60, he was diagramming Malik Hills.
And at 70, what's her high school and eight weeks?
The answer to the kind that I'm not saying?
You think he actually has anybody a question?
He's probably really polite, actually.
Actually, a friend of mine has saw him on Oprah with a bunch of other prodigies.
But there's a difference between being a child prodigy musician, let's say.
The guy's going to just go play his craft and somebody like this.
This kid wants to be an astrophysicist, a biomedical engineer, a president in the United States.
These are the kids who grow up to be serial killers, NAS murderers, and maniacs.
There you are.
Yeah, a friend?
Well, what's going to happen when he's 20 years old and he's been...
How do I know that?
What makes you say that?
Well, it's going to finally dawn on him that the world is screwed up.
And there's nothing he can do unless he...
I thought that the kids had worked...
Turned out to be serial killers and maniacs, etc.
Are the ones who were like misfits when they're kids?
Well, Ted Kisinski, I don't know what he's like.
Right.
I'm going to have to bring him in.
I'm just talking about brain power. Ted Bundy.
Yeah.
I mean, mostly intelligent people.
John Wayne Gacy.
Mostly intelligent guy.
John Wayne Gacy was a bright guy.
Gacy, Gacy was an artist.
No, he was not...
When he was an artist, he was Sandy Claus.
And I thought he did...
I thought he was in...
He was like a painter.
He was like Hitler.
He was like a handyman.
Well, just...
Pretty handy under that...
Pretty handy under that...
Portia.
I'll turn to that.
Handyman was a shovel.
I think a little bit fisticious, obviously.
I would rather have a very bright kid...
Yeah.
A kid who was like...
Kid who asked you a question.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
I'll see you in the express line.
Get out of here.
Whew!
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let me ask you a question.
Okay.
You can speak English.
I'm telling you.
I don't care if you just got off of banana boat.
If you're a sparzer, if you're some kind of illegal alien,
I don't care who you are.
You can speak it.
Don't listen to your...
Even if you're from New York.
Even if you're from New York, you can be speaking them okay?
Just listen to the nanny.
Not...
And let me just speak it to the nanny.
Yeah!
It's not a word.
Oh, we ought to tell that to a clearance, by the way.
Yeah!
To a clock.
Where's he been lately?
That's right, he's doing 6 to 7 tonight.
Because I know this Ken Walden never comes on at 2 to do the sports headline before Hank comes on.
He never goes, yeah!
2 o'clock.
Maybe you'll do it today.
Come on, Ken.
You can do it.
Yeah!
2 o'clock.
Just one time.
Oh, never on a showbiz?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
No comments, by the way, about that great record I played.
They're two afraid that they're going to rip it.
Oh, that's the word.
Every time I play something that I love, that I'm obsessed with.
And I really wouldn't care what you said anyway.
Because I saw the video.
I'm the only person in America who even knows from that song.
What it's all about, what the video is.
I'm in love with that song.
It's sensational.
Especially when you see the video.
But every time I got something that I like.
Oh, and that really sucks, Neil.
That was the worst piece of crap we ever.
Okay.
Okay.
Your taste blows too.
Yamama.
Every single time.
Here's the Carol City.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I have two things, Neil.
I'm a long, long, long time listener.
Yes, sir.
What's the sponsor?
A sparser?
Yeah.
What's the black man?
Is that an addiction?
I beg your pardon?
Is it an addiction?
It's in the university.
Yes.
Oh, no, because I've been here.
You used that.
Like, go, like, go, him.
Is it in the university.
So, could it be anybody of color?
No, that's the same.
The word spars in German and in the English means black.
Okay.
Then second.
Sparza means a Jewish woman.
I mean, black.
I blacked you a woman.
All right.
Like, worth a hit.
How you getting it confused?
I'm not sure.
Okay.
Oh, Yenta, that's a Jewish woman.
All right.
Okay.
And another comment is that a while ago,
you had some call of color done by the old way.
I see the government improved nothing against a burgundy guy.
He's alive.
Do he realize that birth was because his ass was convicted on a on a bribery charge?
Do you remember that color?
Yeah.
I know what he was talking about.
That's what he was talking about.
I was talking about, oh, well, the government.
I saw the tape with Howard Giri where he said,
I want to steal a freight train.
Of course.
Right.
And this guy going to, well, you know, he never did they didn't prove what the hell he did.
Right.
They burned his ass.
They kind of went his pants down.
Yes, they did.
Right.
That's best to comment to this idiot talking about they didn't prove that he did.
Yeah, he's a jackass.
Yeah, he's got to get alive.
He got his OJ blow up, though.
He's probably squeezing it right now.
He's standing down too.
Okay.
Have a great paper.
Okay.
See five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
We got room for you here today.
There's room at the end.
The women there busy.
They got their headsets on.
They're swinging and saying swaying with Sandy K.
With nothing to say.
And you know, it's not.
Didn't call us yesterday.
How much is she getting all the way back?
No, I'm serious.
How much is she did a no that's the only reason I can think that's because you know she's listening.
Positive, but she's too embarrassed to speak to me.
And obviously she must have gained the weight back or a lot of it anyway.
Because if she kept the weight off, she could be a great inspiration to millions of people out there.
They're not slandering.
I mean, there's other things you'd like to talk about besides the cubs and stupid god damn not slanding.
You know, I can't think of what she and I would tell him like fat.
That's the only other thing we ever had to talk about was fat.
And her red headed husband.
Maybe that's her now.
Is that her?
No.
See now I feel bad.
It's been a pretty damn good week after after several weeks of psychosis here after several weeks of nervous breakdown here at this place.
We got ourselves a new monitor here.
Oh, thanks.
Thank you, Greg.
It's a monitor, Greg.
It's a monitor.
Can read where the goddamn calls are coming from without the guy mama mama mama mama palmar telescope.
I can't even say it.
I'm so tongue tied just getting the piece of equipment in here.
It's not a great piece.
Believe me.
It's an integrated piece.
Hopefully most of you will have a better piece over the weekend than this thing.
But at least it works.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm a long time listener.
Love your show.
Yes, sir.
I'm an ex Christian, new.
Yeah.
And I buy your books.
The book they recommended for you.
Well, it's a gun.
Right.
It was an eye opener.
It's a fly opener, right?
Yeah.
I have a quick story about my church, my ex church.
Well, when I was dating, when I was a young man, when I was dating, they had a research team.
They were trying to find out if I was in fornication.
And it turns out to be that two months later in the pastor, they caught him in a dog tree.
So...
Cut him in a what?
In a dog tree?
A dog tree?
No, in a dog tree.
Yeah.
He was doing it in a dog tree.
He was doing a dog in a tree.
Yeah.
He was trying to get them.
And we were, he was too busy trying to find out if I was getting something.
There you go.
As soon as they stick their nose in your crotch, that's the time to run like hell.
Believe me, pal.
Have you ever heard of a book called The Age of Recent by Thomas Payne?
Of course.
Interesting book.
Yeah. He'll tell you it's all a bunch of bullcrap.
Okay, pal.
All right.
I'll pray for you.
Okay.
Let's pray for all these heathens out there who we're going to see burning and hell in it.
Like a fire!
God Almighty, what's wrong with you?
Go it on the air and tell them the truth like this.
How can we control the minds of the weak and the desperate?
When you're out there killing the giving these people the truth.
That's all a bunch of crap that even a simpleton wouldn't believe this garbage.
That's why this show needs to be on 50,000 stations.
That on some horse ball little AM station in Miami that they're running around here going,
boom, boom, boom, boom, what times do I all game on?
Ha, ha, ha.
Got the 10 horse on the outside.
Ha, ha, ha.
It's really, it's a miracle, you know?
This is a miracle.
Let's show on this radio station the last two years.
This has been a miracle.
Make no mistake about it.
Here's Naples.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I call to make sure that your management over there doesn't think that you're the only one that's got a problem with the, you know, the Skank Goldberg,
Eddie Crapplin, Barfo Show there.
Yeah.
From the track.
That sucks.
So bad.
It's the word.
I love Hank.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I'm not looking to start a thing with Hank because he and I get along great and I love his show.
But I'm going to tell you, when they start doing this gambling stuff, it's terminal.
But obviously, the call to is, you know, a pan of good buck to have them out there and promote the track on Thursdays and Fridays.
And if this is going to go on every Thursday and Friday, then when they, when the fall book comes out, some people on the station are going to be getting a magnifying glass to look for their numbers.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
When they come on, I turn it off.
Yeah.
I mean, I can't handle that crap.
I don't turn it off, till I hear Eddie, who's, you know, he's a detriment to anybody's ratings.
As soon as he starts doing this inside, well, I need the nine here.
I need nobody cares.
I mean, let the professional GA people tune in 11 o'clock at night when the rest of us are in bed already.
Okay.
Yeah, we're not in the middle of the daytime.
But again, it goes back to our management here.
They're like simple things.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
Let me know, man, you're not the only one.
Please, thank you, sir.
God bless you.
I got one more 10.
I got the eight horse by the way.
Here he comes.
How much you got on him?
100 to win.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
I got him in the cripple.
I got him in the bed.
Three.
I was one, I was one.
I was one.
I was one.
He's puking his guts.
I'm sorry.
I was one of you.
You would ever consider coming over to the nape side here like in doing a remote for a week or so.
No, maybe five minutes.
I think you'd feel here.
I'm going to nape a little bit.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
Now, I would always dip some sluppers over there.
Have a great life, pal.
Yes.
Thank you.
You were doing real good, too.
I'll see you.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
There's a guy who says you don't want to hear about the nine horse on the inside and the 10 on the outside.
And I had 50 to win and 100 cross in the exacta and the triple and the bettory and a keenland.
I got the 11 on top.
Nobody cares.
You crazy person you Eddie.
That would be like an alcoholic coming on here and like, uh, I got some gym beam over here.
And I got a bottle of grandma bull over here.
Don't mix those.
Oh, well, why not?
Make for a hell of a show.
5 6 7 0 5 60 on 5 60 on the 18 T.
See, just one thing's are going good.
They come along here and they start, you know, sticking it to these people.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Mobile in Miramar.
It sure looks like I got the button pressed.
The red light is on and it sounds like crap.
Let's try a Davy.
Hello.
Davy.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
I just want to let you know, I'd rather listen to Goldie moaning in sexual rapture than I would Eddie Kaplan Palken sports.
Yeah, talking gambling.
I don't mind him talking sports, but talking gambling.
And will you get some people out to these damn Panther games?
I'm trying, man.
I'm trying.
We got 5,500 empty seats.
I just went up.
I got to take it for 14 bucks.
Right.
And the any seats good in there.
That's right.
Get the Panther pack and you'll be able to move down anyway.
They're not going to check you up there in the upper deck.
All right.
Thanks, pal.
Okay, see you tonight.
Come on.
Let's come on out there.
You got nothing else going on.
The team is hotter and hell.
Burray will be playing.
So if it is Valerie Burray number eight on the, uh, in the, uh, Calgary flames.
Who cares?
A Burray by any other name.
What smell the same?
Let's get with it.
And, you know, so the prices did go up.
And you can't afford the season ticket, but you can buy them a game at a time.
Don't just wait until, uh, everybody says it's fashionable.
And you know something that should be fashionable right now because they're playing great.
I'm trying my best.
Okay.
I'm trying my best guys.
Put some asses in those seats.
It's very depressing going out there and seeing lots and lots thousands of empty seats.
126 at QA.
Sports radio.
560.
QA.
Hi.
This is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Oh, well, I think the time is right.
I only do touch my body.
I want to put there on my body.
All right.
Even me a crew.
Yeah.
So I got to look twice.
And find myself by the way.
And I know one good out of it.
And the trust that's room.
Oh, I'll find my play boys.
And creamy lotion.
Put the towel right down on the floor.
Oh, I'm doing my best action.
And that's all lotion.
And I pray to no one accidentally opens up the door.
Work work.
Because I got a masturbator.
I got a masturbator.
I got a masturbator.
I got a masturbator.
I got a masturbator.
Okay.
So Robert factors me this thing, which I did see by the way.
It was in several different publications.
This Adriana Piiega, who is the, they believe Ricky Martin girlfriend.
One of the many beards out there talking about the great night that she had in bed with the greatest.
In fact, he was so good and bad she hasn't had sex since he dumped her.
Anybody believe it?
Anybody buying it?
No.
They go to these long, arduous lengths.
I'm going to tell you right now what you like is music.
And I use that word very loosely, very, very loosely or not.
Ricky Martin floats like a butterfly and sings like a goddamn.
How did it floats like a, how would that go?
Butterfly and things like one.
Is he pulling anybody except a bunch of silly over out of control, hormonal girls?
That's the sad part.
If he could just be as much as he would say, like, you know, Nick.
Oh, I shouldn't have started that again.
She'll be calling in again.
She'll be psychotic.
That little, uh, where the hell is that thing?
Where's that thing where she's like?
Okay.
I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you.
Yeah.
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent in his right code than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple.
Have you stupid fat baguette?
Yeah.
He's got a little chunky too, honey.
2074, 2 at 560, WQM.
So does that make him a fat monster?
Where are we going to, um, Miami?
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I was in my car the other day and I heard something that you guys got to know about it.
You know, now, there's a killer.
Rest enlargement kill.
Yeah.
You can take that.
We'll just take on that.
Okay.
I guess, uh, I guess the phone company must be swallowing them right now.
You hear that?
I was, uh, I think he must have called chirping from it.
560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a pepper pine.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Where the phone's all sound real muddy all of a sudden.
Hey, listen, that's how hard you talked about religion before.
I find it pretty interesting.
Yeah.
I was wondering if one of your Christian listeners out there could, because I don't understand it.
If the world was created in six days by God, he wouldn't put all the animals on and all of it.
How do they explain away the prehistoric age?
Being as they wrote that back then, they'd be...
Oh, that's a commie plot.
There was no such thing.
But they didn't know anything about it when the Bible was written, therefore, they kind of got caught in the lie.
Did you see these bones they found yesterday?
It was like 250 million years, a quarter of a billion years old?
Have you ever heard one of them explain that away?
And also, I was wondering if that was the answer.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I made it up.
The people that were born before Christ, are they all in hell?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
I just, I never could get that crazy.
I was wondering if one of them should call in and say...
Except the Jews.
They're the chosen people, man.
They can do no wrong.
I don't know if that's the only thing that shows how he really picked them out special.
I don't know what the big argument about is, you know, everybody knows Paul Valbr is the Messiah.
Right.
Jesus.
It was it people.
Okay.
Good luck, pal.
I can't plan the night, by the way.
Jesus might be playing.
I know, Paul Valchewitz and Jesus saves.
We know.
Corn.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pawn 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Trevor kids doing pretty good.
Jesus.
We don't need no Jesus.
And then Trevor's looking pretty damn good.
In fact, Sean Burke can be having a fight of his life to get his job back this year.
That's the kind of battle he'd like to have going on.
Two world henders both playing that good.
Anybody know who he'd want to miss?
No.
No.
They don't know.
When that big sparse are coming back, they'll come out to see those hockey games.
When's the big spook coming back?
That Peter Whirl.
When's he coming back?
Not too soon, by the way.
Not too soon.
That's our poor question, by the way.
Who'd you rather have back for his Pa Valbr or Peter Whirl?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Every time you say we can monton you should play that on the promised.
Okay.
Also.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I tell you what.
I tell you what's born on a hand because that beetle gulg.
Oh my god.
I got to turn it off every day.
He's the most boring talker I ever heard.
Yeah.
It's a bit more camp on than when even more boring than when a captain's talking about he's got the nine horse.
And here comes the ten on the outside and he's.
Oh.
Well, I don't think any of the G A members can listen to that.
I think they just get their DTs.
Oh, you know, Hank is just a name dropping.
Okay.
Call him up until him that love Hank.
Just don't like any K run in the show.
You're killing the show Eddie.
Okay.
Go back there at the nighttime.
Like what did he get out of the daytime?
You don't belong on a daytime.
Please kill him.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Happy Friday.
Who you got and back to you.
Hey, I just wanted to ask you to voice.
If you caught the calm green so last night.
I missed an I asked your about it, but I forgot all about a couple shining moments.
You did reviewing some sparza and he was telling him that he was gay and the sparks that said, hey, I'll pray for you.
Sounds like the sparza stole it from my material for my show.
I think much.
I think he was jumping around with.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Oh, it could come.
And then he was jumping around with a Fabio and Fabio had some suspicious wester going from his crotch to about his knees.
Back to him through Tom and the pool.
Incredible.
I love it.
Fabio is actually a sport.
Really?
Too bad he didn't throw Fabio in the pool and you know put some neck blocks out of the shoe.
He took his shirt off for Tom.
Somebody didn't leave the lead weights on Fabio.
He was going to put him in the pool.
It was beautiful.
But they mean play that like on Sunday, don't they?
Yeah, they should a couple thousand times.
Yeah, I'll see you again because I missed it.
I forgot all about it.
You'll catch it ten more times.
That's the problem when you start running a lot of repeats.
People will get out of the habit of tuning in.
That's why I hate those tapes, you know.
That's good stuff.
And I just wanted to put in my vote for the yacht who loved the Florida football scene.
Yes, sir.
It's got to be blitz.
What's Davis?
One down for blitz.
All right.
Love you guys.
Yeah.
And don't forget we could be successful.
We could have a shot.
He ought to be in the running too, you know.
He's kind of a Yahoo.
Good old boy.
We got a shot.
He just sends me, man.
I just I just crack up.
I go into history on it.
When I see that spot on TV, we got a shot.
I jump back for one reason.
We got a shot.
And he just started you start sweating and emoting things.
He's going to have a goddamn coronary.
Just calm down.
Okay.
Give me just a stupid football game.
Just relax.
I see a hair out of place too.
By the way, he's really getting emotional now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
22 before 2.
We got Hank and Defoe and Eddie K.
At the track it to the 7th.
The 5 to 6 is the shot of Schott's show with Jimmy Johnson and Hank.
Six o'clock we got Josh Darrell Clarence's on air 6 to 7.
The flames in the panthers.
The flavors are going to be here tonight.
Pre-game of Geltie at 7.
Drop the puck 730 something tonight.
Get out there to the arena.
Come on.
Let's have a few people there.
10 or 20.
Come on.
2 AM's got the coach.
We got a shot.
We got a chance.
We got a chance.
We got a chance.
We got a chance.
We got a chance.
Today in 5.
Here on Sports Radio 560.
2 AM.
Maybe you know my jockey shorts.
In the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best.
Now this great series is back.
Starring a few Catholic priests who like it young.
In the return of father knows best.
Step into the confessional Billy.
I don't know father this makes the 47th time I've been in there this week.
Oh Billy you want to be a good Catholic don't you?
Yeah but does everybody get a spanking?
Father knows best.
It's the Vatican's best kept secret.
And you've got a private see for all the fun.
Just enter the rectory from the rear.
Fire right Billy boy.
Each time for your flute lesson.
But father your flute has only one home and it doesn't make any noise.
Oh here's where Billy.
Here's where.
Father knows best.
Once you've seen this new sitcom you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Let me introduce you to Shane Peter.
Father knows best.
Going to church may not seem very entertaining but there really is something funny going on here.
Sure as 144 or 560 WQA but by the way somebody ought to tell the priest you can't make no babies like that.
Anyway don't forget this weekend and as of right now as I speak as a matter of fact specs has got the rule and improved best in the LCDs and cassettes.
And Tuesday night will be a pizza law from 6th 8pm with a cassettes and a CD and the t-shirts and those keychains with all the need to stuff on them.
Which I'd like to see one someday by the way how's Carol doing?
Seeing Carol from center one yet today?
No.
I'm not going to say anything yet.
Here's Miami hello.
All right I should know but you get the old howl back just before the weekend.
I told you this week was going a little bit too good.
Got the old howl back there online eight.
Sorry about that sir coming back on some other line as if you have some control over that.
Does he have any control?
No.
Here's Coral Springs hello.
Nail.
Okay.
Okay.
Just got my sports illustrated in the mail and I'm paging through it while I'm listening to you.
Yes sir.
Page 34 I flipped the page and there is a picture of OJ Pedro Guerrera his girlfriend.
Sam Duques Elbow.
This is in sports illustrated.
Page 34 the October 25th issue.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
And it goes up.
The embarrassment never stops.
It's now we are new logo.
Oh my god.
It's now national and you can see you can't see Roy but he's got his arm around the girl.
You can see his arm.
Yeah.
And it goes on about how OJ called and you know the whole deal with the 911 and Pedro Guerrera with the drugs or whatever.
But now it's gone national.
The reason he's here.
Roar.
Roar.
Roar.
Oh my god.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay have a good one.
Yeah it was.
Wow.
WQA more the embarrassment never stops.
Oh.
So I heard that Pedro was just chipping some balls.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the Miami hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Man the lines really sucked there huh.
They won.
They sucked.
They sucked.
Oh man.
It's Neil.
Three quick things.
A couple of days ago there was a caller that he asked why the people call you on Coneal right?
Yeah.
Well because it's better than Uncle Sam you fool.
Number two you know I have a caller here.
Yeah.
He loves the Yankees.
He loves the Yankees.
The Ningoh Yankees.
Yeah.
Exactly.
He has to fill up.
Screw the Yankees.
You know there's no option.
I despise the Yankees.
They make me sick.
George Steinbrenner's an ass.
The Yankees are making nauseous.
Go brave go baby.
Now Hank made a good point the other day and that is that probably they'll win because your
Torrey will outmanage Bobby Cox who's in a little fool.
I thought there was a thing in the paper this morning about they're trying to make Bobby Cox seem like a genius.
Bobby Cox is a moron.
If he you know he could have won the fifth game they take the lead in the top of the 15th inning and
instead of bringing in one of his starters like Kevin Moeboa or Glaven or somebody and closing that game out.
He leaves in the Schmendrick who's just barely hanging on anyway.
Yeah.
They want to blow in a game.
You know he could have closed it out without any game six.
Yeah Neil and real quick to finish Neil you know how those beverages in sweet water and down and stuff.
How come they see Major Alexia being out there trying to survey all the damages.
You blow you major being out.
He don't want to get his pantaloon he's wet.
Yeah right.
Okay.
Oh I understand he floats anyway.
That's what I hear.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Wilds by maybe he's busy out there at the airport.
What is buddies from American Airlines maybe he's helping him unpack a new shipment.
I don't know what he's doing out there.
Maybe he's giving him a hand grenade or two.
Just and it's just amazing to me these people don't care.
I mean billions of dollars and this isn't money that's coming off a tree somewhere by the way.
This is tax money.
This is tax dollars coming out of the pockets of taxpayers from coast to coast.
To to to to Schmier to Greece and a Schmier and all the lawyers and all the the the goddamn lobbyists.
Getting the money and like I said most of its going for the American Airlines deal over there which are the worst of them all the worst grave robbers the most indifferent the most callus the people we despise and hate.
I'm not talking about the pilots and a flight attendance in the everyday slums who work for American I'm talking about their management with their callus and different obnoxious attitude.
And of course the the ramp rats with regard to my hero win and our cocaine and their hand grenades and stuff like that the ramp rats.
Here's Volca. Hello.
Hey Neil how are you okay sir.
Well I didn't get a chance to call when we'll chamber one died but you know how all these guys the athletes are certain persuasion to speak or making babies like a vendor holy field etc.
20,000 women how many kids.
I don't know.
Yeah see yeah you did that you did the right thing what he was doing yeah.
Take care.
He wouldn't see this philosophy was when and doubt pulled it out I think that's what he said.
Yeah that's what that was his model.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it and a vendor holy moly field he he be a minister now.
He be a minister into the folk the father of our country that's just it's just nauseating it's disgusting and like I said before people who admire scumbags what are they?
They're scumbags I rest my case.
Here's a mobile in for a lot of day hello.
Neil yes sir.
You didn't catch Tom Green last night huh.
No I did not.
I'll tell you what if you get to see the repeat the segment where he brings home a dwarf like see you woman with a blonde wig into his mom and dad towels.
Yeah.
And she's drinking a breakfast and she's passed out and he disappears for like six hours and leaves her there.
It's classic.
He got a key.
Well I won't miss it I'll catch it on Sunday.
He's fabulous.
He gives his brother a playboy and it's quite a scene and Neil make no mistakes.
Sammy Davis like king of the Jews.
What is it king of the Jews okay what do you say Tom Green is my hero baby.
He was just even sure for a few days till I saw he was hanging out too much with his trump Donald Trump.
See the media they're so stupid not only they bind it down with trumping and they start creating that around like it's a legitimate news story like somebody might vote for him.
Muhammad Ali pulled a beauty on on the media.
A few days ago and they're all dutifully reporting it.
They were oh yeah Muhammad Ali wants to come back out of retirement and he wants to put on an exhibition match and fight.
