Sport Radio 560W and QAM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
And caught to Neil called 5600560 toll free for data power.
Mark Count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcasts.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560W and QAM.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
What are you following?
Well, I hate what the two are doing on QAM.
What's that bag of fat dog again?
I want what they had before.
These are my kind of guys.
What the hell are they doing anyway?
Hey, with the man we counted times really, Jay.
I want Ford, Chris Ford, Ghost Voice is real high.
When I listen to this sport, a manly voice won't get my attention.
But we'll really get me sent to this yard.
A squeaky high voice will get me in the direction.
Well, I hate what the two would argue with, A-L.
But that bag of fat dog again.
I'm going to this here and straight men with voice this high.
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again.
So I could just press all the macho threads.
Check out Chris Ford right now to build the pants.
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having macho sports guys as voices have practice.
They were well here though.
Yeah, I'm a little like that.
Yes, then, I'm real close to the radio.
And now I'm getting their voices on up there.
Really makes my balls.
And that's roll, man.
He's harder than my infrared brother.
Yep.
That was to a 560 WQM Happy Monday to you and just to relax.
Okay, even though.
That's right, Paul.
Just relax.
We're not concerned about that because we got the Marlins coming up at noon.
We got a short show today, the Marlins at noon and the Dolphins tonight.
They're rough and hydrogen bombs on homestead, but we don't care.
We've got the ball games on there.
That's QAM for you.
We don't care about minor things like that, like a category five hurricane that's sitting out there right now.
Hurricane Cliff Floyd.
Yeah, we got to make a little sports thing out of it.
Cliff Floyd.
155 mile hour wins, which it takes over 155.
So it's like one mile hour away from being the major category five, which obviously will be very soon.
If not already, as we speak in the history of meteorology, they've only had two category five hurricanes that have ever made landfall.
Only two in history.
And this will be number three.
Where is it going to go?
Well, who the hell knows, you know what I'm saying?
Because we got the Marlins and the Dolphins coming up, baby.
Let's carry it.
And why don't they throw more passes to the running backs out of the goddamn backfield?
Did I have some pretty damn good games yesterday?
It's about time, including that Jets Patriots game.
God almighty, unbelievable.
Hold a bunch of good games yesterday.
And that's all we care about.
So in a spirit of doing things the way we do here at QAM, we got, you know, I got to wet the channel on here.
The flow of luck is starting to arc a little bit more northward.
So we're thinking it may get spread toward the northwest a little bit more over the next 24 hours.
Now that's not going to happen in a hurry because the system is very large.
It has some momentum going on for that.
Thank you.
For the Canadian air, baby.
It's blowing it.
It comes towards the south coast of Florida.
But we do still think it's going to turn more toward the northwest.
Now the expected impact, wind is very high, waves are very high, surge very high.
Rainfall, the only reason it's not high is because the storm of the hurricane, I should say, continues to move a little bit faster than what would take it to produce massive flooding.
I keep in mind the radius of tropical storm force winds.
Those are the yellow areas you see on the diagram.
Very large.
The radius of hurricane force winds, which is the orange.
And so we're going to get the big blow in a lot of rain tomorrow and the winds do.
Okay.
That's what we're going to get.
Are we going to get the main impact?
No.
Doesn't look like it.
It looked like that blow from Canada has been like push this baby off just enough to the northwest so that we're not going to get the brunt of it here in south Florida.
Looks like.
I'll keep my eye on it because obviously we've got more important things to do.
How about giving away those exhibition tickets for the Panther games?
Let's talk about something important.
That's right.
Something that would be in line with Greg Reed and his mentality.
Ball game.
Okay, that's the kind of stuff we're here in the QAN.
Ball games, baby.
They could be draping like I said nuclear weapons all over the place.
I don't go to exhibition games myself.
Although I must confess I did watch a little bit of the Detroit Ranger game last night exhibition game.
Which shows you how bad television is.
But anyway got a pair for that Bruins Panther game on the Friday September 17th will mail these out right away.
I hope that they don't blow away in the storm.
For the exhibition game in my great seats right there almost at center ice and then I got a pair of tickets for the.
Lightning Panther game.
These are exhibition games that's Tuesday September 21st along with the preferred parking pass.
How do you like that?
So I'll give those away this morning because we got a short show and another two hours will be out of here.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Thank God for Don.
No, by the way.
Thank God for him.
He's the one guy out of all of them just like I was in Sanis for about several years now.
Even go back seven years back to Hurricane Andrew.
He's the one guy out of all the people that I've been watching on TV who doesn't get hysterical who doesn't jump on the down like Ruppel Stilts again doesn't over react doesn't get everybody running out buying a lot of stuff that they're not going to need.
Nice going Don.
No.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
See probably we won't have anybody call us now these next couple hours because we're not going to talk about football number one and number two because everybody's out there at their home Depot and at their publics.
Anybody want these hockey tickets?
No.
OK, I don't want them.
I don't go to exhibition games myself.
So they had the big pant their faster on Saturday we're going to get any calls about that.
No.
No.
Here's a mobile in a book.
Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to comment about the Saturday.
I'm Jewish.
I live here in Bokin.
I was really pissed off about that.
Well, you know something that's the only day they could do it.
I understand, but that's the only day that they could do it.
And they still had like eight or 10,000 people there I guess.
Is that right?
I don't know.
I was thrilled about it.
I'm just telling you, it just happened to fall that way that they were up in Hull Quebec
before that and then they were down.
It was the only window of opportunity they had for a weekend to be able to do that thing.
You know what?
But I was going to say last year if I remember it was the same situation.
Yeah.
And so you think they learned something and maybe change it for this year.
But how do they change it?
They can't change the whole schedule.
Well, you're right.
And in addition to which, let me ask you, how many Jews spend all day on the Russia show?
It's not like a highly religious holiday.
You know what I mean?
You're going to stay in the show all day on Saturday.
Well, you're right.
But I went, for example, to the kids thing at two o'clock.
I could go down there at three thirty and then in us two from Bokeh to go down there at
thirty four thirty.
It's over at five o'clock.
Yeah.
So it didn't make any sense.
Where did you have to stop being so Jewish, man?
But believe me, it's only close to the wife, trust me.
Oh, God.
Can I get some hockey tickets for Friday?
For Friday?
Are you mean for the Bruins getting?
Can you excavate?
Yeah.
Okay, hold on.
I'll make you feel better about the little less Jewish, okay?
I appreciate it.
Although now you're snoring, so it'll make you feel a little more Jewish.
Okay, hold on.
Okay, get that guy on one and mail him out right away these tickets to the exhibition game
on Friday.
See here we go, give some stuff away.
Let's hear it.
We don't care about any stupid storm out there.
Over toward Al-Tunin, Johnstown, PA.
And just maybe infringing on some of Garrett County out in Western Maryland.
Yeah, we don't care about Western Maryland.
Okay, let's get back to our lives.
That's what we care about.
It's our lives and our safety and our sanity.
That's what we care about here.
I mean, I could go into a big song and to answer about how it was to work on a real radio station
with a real news department back during the days of Hurricane Andrew, seven years ago.
Thank God for Chuck Meyer and all the people we had back then.
But here we are.
We're worried about ball games, baby.
We got the Marlon game at noon.
We got the dolphin game with hours and hours and hours of pregame because that's the Greg Reed,
Akin, way, baby.
We don't care about this other stuff.
We don't have time for the big blow out there.
In fact, this thing better get out of our way because we don't have time for this kind of crap.
It interferes with our plans.
Just like Tessio said in Godfather 1, remember that you screwed up all my plans.
Sorry, Sally can't do it.
Only the same hurricane Sally.
This is Hurricane Cliff Floyd.
Like I said, just stay calm.
Don't get all panicky now.
Don't get all psychotic and go run into your supermarket and buy up all the water so that nobody else has got any.
That's what some of you assholes keep doing.
Buy in 20 and 30 and 40 and 50 jugs of water.
Just calm down a little bit.
Okay, like me, stay calm for Christ's sakes.
It looks like we're going to get a kiss at least here in Dayton, Broward County.
Now they're saying it's going to make landfall from Palm Beach somewhere up to North Florida,
somewhere up the coast.
If you're up there in Palm Beach County, just keep your eye on it very closely.
And certainly if you're in Broward or Palm Beach, I'd be, you know, I would be going out there and, you know, making some plans now.
Because if you're not going to do it now, are you ever going to do it now?
9 minutes after 10 and 560 WQA and do it.
That's how you're falling.
She won your heart in the miracle worker.
Despite her handicaps, she left behind a lifeline of achievements.
And now, with the discovery of rare audio tapes found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey,
death jam records makes available to you.
Helen Keller sings the blues.
The series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself, wailing out of pound of sound.
She watered your audio credit card rate and called 1-800-
Order now, we'll get a bonus gift from Marley Madeline and Johnny Ray.
15 and 560 WQM 560-
Order now, we'll get a bonus gift from Marley Madeline and Johnny Ray.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the bonus gift.
I'm going to start with the zone 돌아lock.
I'm going to start with the zone 돌아lock.
I'm going to start with the zone 찾아lock.
I'm going to start with the zone 돌아lock.
I'm going to start with the zone 돌아lock.
and then hang on in between ball games very briefly there like from about three
thirty to five o'clock and then we got the dolphins at Denver that big game
tonight football we got baseball we got football
we don't worry about little stuff like a category five hurricanes this is not
important stuff okay just remember that
here's North Miami hello hello
hello hello hi how are you doing great you know my husband he really adores you
uh-huh he's a true Neil worshipper right and I can't believe it all he does is
talk about how great you are and you know what I tell him I tell him he really
sucks like you sucks uh-huh you know and I can't believe it because I think
you're very racist uh-huh then why are you listening well because I wanted to
tell you that oh I think well thank you very much thank you and have a nice
life you black bitch five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT I'm very racist but she's listening because she'd be wanting to tell me that
alright thank you so much that's for you sweetheart here's another that's also for
you no sir charge here's a call from the keys hello how you doing Neil all right sir
I can't believe that lady oh my god but I don't believe it man believe it I want to
make a comment you took the words right out of my mouth um about the people like
buying up all the water I went into public yesterday and they had this
the shelves stocked obviously but I just hope people just buying up a whole bunch of water but
when the storm goes by and all you know all those else is clear they're going to take it back
they're going to send it back just like that lady who just called it happened
the last time I just a few months ago last time that we had this kind of a scare and
that we got people calling the next day saying oh yeah people are trying to take the bottles
water back I mean who knows what they would do with the bottle water is the storm going to take
it back no of course not they could open it up and pee in it and then try to take it back who knows
what they're going to do with it I wouldn't take it back yeah I know they're still
leaving going to take it back even though we still have two more tropical storms right behind
right we got dirt right on the ass of Hurricane Cliff Floyd here we got dirt right on the ass
there's another one just spinning off Africa now just like that lady proved they called them
in to go all the bad evil stuff that comes here comes right out of Africa man
definitely all the other stuff comes to Africa that threatens our very existence
yep she's going to be the one to take it back and then when the other one comes she's going
to go back and buy the same bottle of water yeah I hope somebody peed in it right all right you
have yourself a good one thank you back to you see yeah I just want to tell you that you're
racist son of a bitch honky yeah thank you and have a happy grocery show on it too by the way sweetheart
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line we got the big Marlon game at the reds at noon
today the pregame show and thank god for that because it gives us all some extra time to prepare
it's raining cats and dogs out here right now let's only pray put your fingers in your hands
together and pray it doesn't rain too hard so we lose our satellite signal which I did for about
three seconds there about 10 minutes ago and I started getting real nervous because that's my only
contact the outside world is the weather channel impact's going to be felt along the coast of Florida
we'll see there you go I'm on top of it baby I'm got my nose right on it just in case
or should I be watching replays of some yesterday's ball games you think that'd be a better idea
yeah we should be watching that to see if they had that instant replay right okay where do you think
we got a spot the ball well let me look on this big television screen and they get some idea
seriously I've been watching sports for a long over 40 years okay I have never seen anything
so stupid as watching the man with the striped jersey go over there and put that headset on
and look in that and stick his head or the thing like his head in the voting booth and he's
watching this thing and he's going to decide where they're going to spot the ball
only crazy people would endorse something ideal like that crazy people
but then again it's a ball game here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine hello hey how you doing
okay sir yeah like the lady about calling your racers you know you're cross the board on that so
that's it's a crap yeah I don't like anybody that's right yeah so I'm out of here you know I'm
getting a few things I'm not going like I'm not going to get it all over at this point it's probably
it's probably too late to go nuts because most of us probably gone anyway I'm not going to get
yesterday I'm at a gas station the blind is around the corner and I see several the same people
running around all day but a time of hurricane get out of gas again I don't get it yeah I'm
gonna give me a few things I'm not gonna run anybody over or you know suit and buy to get a
jug of water right exactly I mean if they're real big jugs it's worth running somebody over
to get to them but not like you're a little ordinary pedestrian jugs oh yeah I got the
two they're like Whitney Spears kind of jugs I know okay listen hang in there pal no I didn't say
spear chucker I said Whitney Spears have a great thing see now he's getting nervous five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line we're rolling along singing a song gave away
my exhibition hockey ticket everybody ought to be happy about that what a great guy I am
I got tickets that were promised to me by the way for the backseat boys concert which oh man you
know you could you imagine the sugar plums dancing in my head yesterday as I'm watching the
thing with the storm and I'm thinking Tuesday and Wednesday we got these two concerts wouldn't that
be my luck the concerts get rained out canceled because of the storm oh my god I mean life probably
would go on you know I imagine somehow it's scraped through but I just can't find out even which
day these are four much less get the tickets in my hand I realize that's asking a lot since it's
for like you know maybe either tomorrow or maybe Wednesday and that's pretty far ahead
I can't even find out which day that they're four see there he goes again you just out of
control man you're just a bad guy you're just not only do you want stuff for free you want to
win therefore in fact what I should have done was given away these hockey tickets and not
told them what day they were for it just said hey here you go would they still have taken them
oh you bet they don't care they're not choosy we haven't given them anything so long on their show
they're just salivating they'll take anything is it free yeah okay we'll take it we don't even
know what it is we'll take it okay here you go just stay calm just be like me stay calm rational
level headed don't go off the deep end and make an ass out of yourself just because we got a
category five hurricane sitting out there they can see on a map bigger than I mean it's as big
as the state of Florida you do understand that not that I want you to get nervous it's big it is
really big I have a hairyi Chef I have a hairyunächst trail
the very just real man have hairy bae watched I like to watch bae watch I want to watch bae watched
I'd like to listen to Ricky Martin cars I like the.....
real man hurting
ma ha ha ha I like to watch bae watch real man I like to watch bae watch ....
and I want to have to go to let Marlon give
or better tough fast.
For what could be a catastrophic storm,
it's a category four and nearly a category five
on the five category staffers in Sincale.
Now let's look at some of the latest information
on Floyd and where it is located right now.
Right now it is 195 miles east of San Salvador.
It is packing winds of 155 miles per hour.
Now the kicker here too is that we have wind speeds,
some wind gusts I should say of 190 miles per hour
and even greater than that.
So it is tough going.
It's a very, very potent storm.
It is moving to the last at 14 miles per hour.
We do have hurricane watches in effect
for a large part of Florida's east coast
from Flagler Beach to Hollanddale.
Also, hurricane warnings are posted
for Central and Northwestern Bahamas.
And again, we have some tropical storm advisories.
Although we are talking about Florida
and the Bahamas right now,
we do want to emphasize that folks up and down
the east coast really need to pay attention
to this storm.
Oh!
A hurricane expert, Dr. Steve Lyons,
is at our expert desk.
Steve, can you tell us what we can expect
from the storm this powerful?
Well, a category four and nine tenths
is extremely dangerous, extensive damage,
almost catastrophic for wind alone.
But for the Bahama Islands, the big problem is storm surge.
We can have 15 to 20 foot storm surge
over some of those islands
and that can be very devastating.
And a lot of loss of life can occur if you're in
their low-lying area near where those water levels rise.
Now, let's look at the latest satellite imagery here
and see some of these islands.
San Salvador here is very close to the direction
where the eye is headed toward,
but also Cat Island and Alufra Island
are relatively close to the area of strongest winds.
We're basically in that ring right there
and inward toward the circulation center,
not in the eye itself, but just on the inside of the eye.
So those areas, you're going to experience some very strong winds.
You're going to experience 15 to 20 foot storm surge,
wave action out away from the islands
and the deeper water will be tremendous.
So anybody in a vessel
do not venture out into the high seas by any means.
Now, if you look at a large scale picture here,
what is it for the Florida and the East Coast United States?
Exactly.
What do we expect?
Well, we expect the system to continue to move on
generally a west, west, northwest track.
And then take a little more of the northwest track,
and the question is how soon will that happen?
And if it happens too late,
it's going to be tracking right up the East Coast of Florida.
Right now, we don't anticipate that happening,
but we do anticipate it getting close enough
to the Florida coast to produce some significant winds
and possibly hurricane for a swindler to the coast.
And very large waves are going to be on the coast no matter what happens.
On the order of 10 to 15 feet and locally 20 feet,
that's some of the more exposed beaches.
So our expected damage from wind and the Bahamas very high for wind,
high for waves outside the shallow water area,
surge could be very, very damaging.
Rainfall, although it's high,
we don't expect a tremendous damage from rainfall
because the system is moving at a decent pace.
And here's our overall circulation.
I want to show you that if you concentrate just on the circulation center,
you're not going to be realistic on what you expect
because the tropical storm force winds extend well out,
away from the circulation center,
you can see them there in the yellow,
and the hurricane force winds up to 100 miles away from the center.
So this is a very large wind field,
and coupling that large wind field with the uncertainty in our projected path,
you could experience some very strong winds all along the Florida coast here,
and then out in time beyond that,
up into the Carolinas, you need to be very careful
because it's quite possible it takes the more eastward path
and comes up toward the Carolinas through time,
and then we're dealing with the landfall there.
And so we have to be very, very careful there.
Now the timeframe here, this will be easy.
So after yesterday,
there was somebody, one other,
whether people lamenting the fact that the Carolinas
who just got hit by the last one real badly,
were supposed to feel bad about, oh my god,
there's a real good chance.
This thing could, you know,
you diverted a little bit to the northwest
and hit the Carolinas again.
Do we feel bad about that?
No.
No.
I mean, not that we wish anything bad for the people in the Carolinas,
but my philosophy is better than the NOS.
You know, I mean, does that sound cruel and insensitive?
And evil might be better than the NOS.
Now here's the fact that I think race is a very good question.
What's more important, A,
are Hurricane five times the size of Andrew,
B, or whether Tony Martin can stretch the defense,
stoping up the running game, correct answer is B.
We have a chance to be special.
I came back for one reason and one reason only it says.
Excellent job.
Okay, excellent fact.
Thank you.
Bring this back to reality here at QAF.
That's the important stuff, okay?
Not the fact that we got a category right on the verge of five.
I mean, you may as well call it a category five
because it really is.
Like in about five minutes.
Not that the fact that it's sitting out there
and people are panicking and having an nervous breakdown,
but we could do something really special.
Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is this?
You think they'll preempt the game tonight?
No.
No.
Hey, listen.
We are preempting even the Marlin game man
to give information now.
You think we're preempting the dolphin game?
No.
The dolphins and the Broncos?
No, man, you must be doing heavy drugs.
Yeah, and they cut my local feed jobs
so I can't pick up ABC from another place.
How do you like that?
Ed sucks.
Listen, you know, I can't understand this,
you know, it's a little wife of me, and I've lived her all my life.
We have perfectly good water that comes out of her tap right now.
Yeah.
Why don't they store the water now?
I don't get it.
You mean why don't they take the plastic jugs
that they should supposed to have saved from before
and just store the water that they got now before it gets contaminated?
In case we have a bad storm?
Right.
I don't get it.
But anyways, um...
No, that's a very valid and excellent point,
including a lot of us that have got filters on our water right at home.
Yeah.
That's right.
But if you just take a whole bunch of jugs
and fill those up with water and stick them in the refrigerator,
excellent idea.
Well, you know what that's like?
They're also telling people,
we'll be sure to go out and getting all these canned goods
and they're showing on some of these newscats canned goods
that need to be cooked and they're saying,
and be sure and get a non-electric can opener.
Well, if the electricity goes out
and you've got a can opener,
you're going to need a can opener that's a manual
because your electricity isn't there.
What are you going to cook this stuff on?
Stir and O?
Right.
Hey, a hammer works great on these cans, Matthew.
Yeah, that's true.
Good point.
We can just take like a spike in stick
and they're going to just suck this stuff out with a straw
and be good like Franco-Mercans spaghetti to a straw is great.
Yeah, right.
Another thing is my wife centered to the story yesterday
not to get any hurricane supplies,
we just needed some other stuff.
Right.
Fish food.
Now you're talking.
Knock up on your fish food for the hurricane, guys.
Listen to this.
I told her if it don't forget to get fish food for me and my daughter.
So she goes this story, she comes back to me.
She's a Mover and an ice cream is there.
There's this guy and this woman getting all the hurricane supplies
and he's in the ice cream thing.
She goes, what the hell are you doing?
We can't have ice cream.
He's like, what do you mean?
What if we were to have electricity?
My wife turns around and says, you eat it.
Exactly.
Oh, that's perfect.
That's exactly what you're hoping for.
Yeah, right.
I mean, the mentality and you know, you've been here for a long time.
I've lived through all my life.
And it's like the guy called early.
You remember last time I was at Georgia's
or whatever this one store where people are trying to take crop back.
I don't understand it.
Like I said, the first thing, there's perfectly good water coming out of your cap now.
Right.
Neil?
Hi, when I see these people, they show on the TV on the news.
They show the footage of these people with just gallons and gallons and gallons of water
and air shopping carts.
Those people need to be put away.
They're dangerous.
And you know what, Neil?
They're all the douche bags.
Okay.
Bye.
See ya.
By the way, speaking of stocking up on fish, we'll let it grate segley to our Ben and Jerry spot, huh?
Because that's the one thing you don't want to run out of.
You want to keep a big smile on your face.
Go and get fish, we'll get New York Super Fudge chunk, chunky monkey cherry garcia,
the brand new triple caramel chunk, Southern peak can't buy all the great Ben and Jerry's flavors.
And so if the electric goes on, you refrigerate, it goes on a blank.
No problem.
Because then it's softening up automatically for you instead of having to pop it into microwave,
which won't be working anyway.
It's like an automatic deal.
It gets real soft and the ice cream too.
Because I don't know about you, but anytime there's a big storm, a big blow like that,
a lot of people tend to get real soft.
I mean, ice cream.
So make sure you stock up on your Ben and Jerry's fish with while you're in there rifling your store.
While you're going through the store, just taking out everything else batteries and all the lumber from the home depot
and all the water with anything else that you can get your hands on.
Be sure to stock up on a Ben and Jerry's too, because that's one thing that at least keep the whole family satisfied
and calm as they're hiding out of the bed, growing less to or three days.
Ben and Jerry's don't forget now has frozen smoothie pints to an amazing flavors like strawberry, banana,
a tropical mango, raspberry or renewal.
Raspberry renewal.
All right.
Sounds good to me.
So pick up on Ben and Jerry's at your scoop shops over an amateur or Miami Beach or anywhere in town.
And it's all over the place.
It's just your favorite supermarket.
It's just your gas station set, your convenience store.
Because the entire world, even the Amsterdam, they love it.
Ben and Jerry's.
It's unbeatable.
This is 560, QAM.
I'm sorry, it's falling.
Get the Hoover out the moon, mine.
All right.
1044-560-WQAM, your sports intensive station.
We just took a survey and we all agreed in the building that if they were dropping nuclear weapons,
you know, China invades Taiwan and we go to war with China,
and there's a nuclear war, God forbid.
If they were dropping hydrogen bombs, if there was a gigantic mushroom cloud right where
PP Stadium is right now, we'd be talking about ball games here on QAM.
Oh, there it, baby.
Or do you think that means when the Marlin come home for the homestay, how about that next
off at home game, the first home game, they're going to have to cancel that because of that mushroom cloud?
No, we'll just give out gas masks.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
To make sure that nobody gets to too much bad gas at the ball game.
By the way, as much as I hate him, I cannot stand him.
He makes me sick to my stomach and he opened up a big mouth again after the loss yesterday by the Jets.
As much as he makes me nauseous and I cannot stand him, I will say that he played the best game he ever played in his life yesterday.
As much as I despise him and the Jets.
I just go on Patriots.
Even though you damn nearly lost the guy at the game anyway, it's by the testy-bordying all those other injuries the Jets had.
They still almost lost the game.
Here is a column.
It goes to show you how desperate I am when I clip out a column by Dave Barry, who to me is the most.
The word overrated wouldn't even be, you know what I'm saying?
That would be an understatement.
Has he ever written anything even mildly amusing in his life?
No.
But he has syndicated the international hero tribune newspapers around the world, Dave Barry.
He's got to have naked pictures of every world leader who has ever been born with a billy goat.
But it's just interesting how I was laid low in the red light district and he's gotten article about his trip to Amsterdam, which he took his wife along.
How did you get moved, Dave?
And it's pretty interesting.
You talk, that's not really very interesting at all, to be honest with you.
That's pretty weak, as you'd expect.
But it just talks about how the fact that they ride all these bicycles and about the fact that they make a little, they have a little bill as they ring as they're coming from behind getting ready to run you over the kitchen sound.
And when you hear the kitchen, that means you get the hell out of the way.
Even though they're very neuro-street and you better hop up on little or rickety sidewalk, you better get out of the way.
And at the very end, he talks about how they finally found the red light district, which boys, you're about to take a lot of effort to find the red light.
And it's just there's so many different parts to it, but nevertheless, he says the Netherlands are lovely and hospitable and Amsterdam is a lively and fun city full of things to do.
And then he goes on, here's the only worthwhile sentence in a whole article by Dave Barry.
He says, in fact, I'll confess that while I was there, I took advantage of the permissive laws and did something that called me a wild counterculture explorer.
I just had to try.
I'm referring to French fries with mayonnaise.
My advice is just say, no, says Dave Barry, just say no, the French fries with mayonnaise.
Even John Provolta discovered that they put mayonnaise on their fries.
That's right. And enough to make you a cucumber guts, by the way.
Then of course, we got this something brand new.
We got the older Cubans that don't want the Cuban musicians performing here in town again.
All weekend long, I'm seeing the only the only two stories of note.
I'm seeing of course about the storm, which here would make sense to some of us with a brain.
And then I'm seeing only in the banana republic, baby, only in Miami.
Yeah, this group. What is the name of the group?
The Los Van Van was going to play at the night center.
Yeah, another Cuban group. And they said, no way Jose, baby.
Because like I told you before, we've got a group of crazy people who run Dave County.
They decide what magazines can be on the shelves.
They decide what performers, what artists can come into this town.
And you wonder why people like me call it a banana republic.
So they conducted a poll on Saturday in the Harold.
They became public that Cuban band, Los Van Vans concert had to be canceled.
And come to find out that most Miami residents Cubans over 50 opposed allowing a Los Van band to perform at the night center.
While those under 50 support their rights to play. How do you like that?
So maybe there's hope. Maybe if we could just report all the Cubans over 50. What do you say?
That's good to me. All you old Cubans. Bye bye. Adios. I'm in the air.
Chi. Shalom. See you. We'll pack you maybe in O.J. and some old horse meat.
That's going to solve all our problems. The Cubans under 50. How long have I been saying that?
The younger people, they got some, some little bit of an idea of what their first amendment's all about, of what freedom is all about.
But those old Farts man.
Everything is fidel. Fidaz is the same. But we're so tired of it. We're so worn out by it.
And we're also so worn out by the politicians in this town who pandered this and enable it. The enablers.
The enablers who don't have the balls did just say no to those old Farts who always make their demands and always get their way by the way.
Always get their way. Because if they don't get their way, they'll go out there and block traffic again, laid out in the streets.
Which sounds pretty inviting by the way. Now that I think of it. Just let us know where you're going to do it next time.
Okay. Let us know where you're going to block the streets. Where you're going to be laying down in the streets. We'll have a convoy ready.
Of 85 wheelers coming by to say I remember that last scene and once upon a time in America where you could see James Woods.
It's popping out of the back of the garbage truck. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello Neil is blowing over here. It's blowing man.
Let me ask you something. This easily read ever know the phrase we temper. You know preemptous.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I was skinning around the cable and the channel 10 that even have that you're one of the radio partners for channel.
You know something that is the biggest, that is the biggest fraud. I talked to our program director about that this morning.
And it comes to find out that our promotions department. This is another total scam. They got a couple of like grade school kids I guess over there.
The interns at Channel 10 that maybe if we're lucky and we beg right enough and give them the right phone number. They might call us in.
See, I would think that if we're partners with Channel 10 and mean something that we would have done. No, that would call us up because this guy is great. I love done.
No, he's the one guy who's rational who really knows his stuff who tells it exactly the way it is. And you can trust him.
And you think that if we have some kind of an insatiable relationship with Channel 10, he'd be the guy that we arranged to call in to give some good, calm, reasonable, trustworthy advice as opposed to a bunch of, you know, elementary school kids.
And as far as like you said with a nuclear war, does QA even have an AP or a UPI? No.
We not only don't have a news wire, we don't have a weather wire. We don't even have a weather wire.
No. For more of the other three or four stations that they own, is there a news director anywhere that can come in every twin?
No. No. Well, when you say the other station that they own, the station that's carrying us over and for Myers, there's some young guy who's sitting there running the board right now. I assume unless he's not taking a dump.
And there's nobody. There's no staff. It's a joke. There's nobody on set. There's no news person. There's no sports person. There's no weather person. There's no, no, no person.
Instead of being the same score. Remember that song? I ain't got nobody. That's the Beasley Read theme song. We ain't got nobody because that's the cheap way to do it.
Instead of being the same sports scores from yesterday, every 20 minutes, why don't they just, you know, I mean, hey, let me give you, let me give you, let me give you this to chew on.
Since I'm told by our program director that just by coincidence this morning, we actually started news updates at 7, 8, 9 AM, which I didn't hear and don't know anything about.
Although they don't even bother telling those of us who work here. I guess they wanted to spring it on us like a big surprise.
But let me ask you this, you know, the incessant updates that we keep doing with the same score that you heard a million times there.
How about taking that during a time of emergency, like a nuclear war, like a hurricane, a category five that's sitting out there, you know, just a few hundred miles away.
And taking those updates and instead of putting the same stupid scores on there that everybody knows giving an update on something that a person with an IQ larger than their thumbnail might be concerned about.
What a concept, huh?
At least the coordinates of the hurricane change every almost hour, at least it'd be something better than the same 20, 11 AM.
Here's the 11 AM coordinate. 24.1 North 72.1 West.
Okay. That's the 11 AM, which I just gave you eight minutes earlier off the weather channel.
Not for nothing. Does QA even do an EVS test anymore?
What's that?
No, they have to do it like that.
And you know, normal groups, of course, you'll get pressed now, man. You can go to the first corner before you go.
Now if everybody believes in God, God, especially Neil God, everybody believes in God from hell and hell to flag a beach, which place is God going to pick on?
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that yesterday morning, of course, Sunday morning you got your choice of 2000 religious or crazy programs.
I'm channel surfing and they got some lunatic. I'm one of the channel seven programs and must have been Dr. Kennedy because they're the craziest of them all.
And they're talking about the fact that the reason here, these two kids, oh, that they're in little in Colorado at Columbine High School.
And the reason that only such a small number of people got shot and killed is God to be because of all the prayer that was being done.
That's how that girl said who shot in the head. She's fast. She believed in God. She said, yes.
What? Well, she must not have had time to play.
So we think in our of the storm, we have some request of some Jennifer Ram phrases in our of the storm.
Okay. Thank you. See, I guess he missed the beginning of the program, which of course are all time favorite. What is our all time favorite? Where is it?
Gordon gives South Florida a major blow job. There you go. And what about the hurricane cliff Floyd? That might just to do the same thing.
5 6 7 all the one thing it'll be on time, not two minutes late like cliff Floyd, which I don't want to go into that because that just goes to share what a moron john bulls is. Oh, speaking of that.
Yesterday, I'm watching a little bit of that panther weekly. That's within a and they're doing the thing from Saturday from the hockey fest.
So naturally, I can't take too much of that, especially with Denise Popman came on there and went for the fifth time. And by the way, Bill Tory don't wear polo shirts. Okay.
Fat guys aren't supposed to wear polo shirts. He had boobs bigger than Britney Spears. I was getting erotic flashes from watching Bill Tory with a gigantic boobs.
Fat guys don't wear polo shirts. God. That would be like my coming to work in a t-shirt, you know.
Oh. So anyway, I'm channel surfing. I flip over to a whammy as I'm flipping across the channels and believe me, it really stops in that spot.
And I see fat fat. I mean bigger than beef. Oh, Jay Randolph, you know, the old hack, Jay Randolph that did the play by play that they had there for about 30 seconds to lay realized he was an old hack.
Fucking up to john Henry. I have never in my life, even Larry King would have been embarrassed. I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Oh, about well, what are you going to have your next announcement on the site to the stadium? And we know it's going to be great. And we're saying all the great things you do in the community.
I'm going to tell you, John Henry, he could be the most boring man in the history mankind. He makes I miss look alive.
Have you ever seen John Henry's got the one I kind of like closed the ways about 70 pounds soaking wet and they sit there like staring straight ahead mumbling.
You know, well, we're going to start eliminating sites. You know, and like a ventriloquist like his lips aren't even moving this guy.
And here is Jay Randolph. You talk about sucking sounds. My God. I'm sitting there looking at the set and I'm watching this performance and I'm screaming as loud as I can into my TV set.
And I'll put it stuck. Jesus God almighty. Talk about obscene and indecent.
Nice going Jay Randolph. You old hacks. See, that's the way it is when you're on the payroll. You know, you have to suck John Henry's butt. I mean heavy duty.
They must have to give him mouth to mouth or mouth to back down after that performance. God, a herniatic suck job by a Jay Randolph. And who is good for something?
1056 at 560 WQM. I got the SUV that you've been saving all your pennies for.
The SUV that makes you the envy of your entire neighborhood. It's the SUV that puts you above the rest of the traffic and beyond the rules of the road. It's the SUV that some kid is sitting out in the parking lot walking off in right now.
But it wouldn't be if you had no Jack. The world's first anti self-fledging device installed right in your car. Don't let him whack.
And still no Jack in your car today. Okay, thank you. It's 11 o'clock at 560 WQM. We're just an hour away from the pregame. The Marlins at the red.
Let's hear it. We got games. That games up the yesterday. Maybe just because the sky is falling.
The sky is falling. There's no reason to take it out enough. Okay. Now let's take our good friend Tom Hopkins here who realized that what it was all about. How you doing Tom?
Very well sir. Did you call to be a part of our news department here our fast news organization? Actually I didn't. What I called for was I happened to be listening to you when I was on my way over to the grocery store.
And wait a minute. On the way over to the grocery store to get what? Well, I needed to get wine.
I often. Well, no, I need a dog food and some wine and I need a charcoal so I can cook tonight and right. That's all. See, I go to the grocery store to get dog food and diet.
So at a time goes to the grocery store to get dog food and wine. There you go. It's in the next counter. Anyway, I couldn't find a cart because a lot of people were using two carts.
They were using two carts because they're stuck up on water and batteries. There is any what this is a commercial and the public's a commercial in university and the water's gone. It's all gone. And I said.
I said to the clerk when I checked out I said, you know, I thought you guys had rules for hoarding. You couldn't do that. Say a item the same thing. Yeah, they said every time we make a rule, they go out to the parking lot and come back and say, no, that wasn't me.
So it's they said in their twin brother and sister. Well, I'm going down to my wind dick me down the street. It's all black people and they really look. I mean, it's just another day at the factory to them. It's good. Thank God for the brothers and sisters.
Well, I mean, but they don't this water down there. Yeah, but I do hear they're buying up the grandma. Boom, you'll fast. So you better. I'm all that. I'm going to have some stiff competition today.
But I was for me, it was a matter of just suspicions confirmed. And I thought I just remember those glorious days when we had entertainment combined with a real news department, Tom at the old WI.
I remember those days. I'm sure you do. I miss him dearly except that I've been with you. I for the last two years and they just went out of business. Yeah. And so I'm. Oh, it's a good thing we don't have a UP I wire here. We'd be we'd be without a wire service. All of quite frankly, we're still without a wire service. Well, we know we're still hanging on by our fingertips, but it's just servicing a few clients. So I've been one of the 47 people nationwide. They cut loose. Not to sing a song just to say that it's pretty scary when when a lot of radio stations because we were less expensive. It's dependent on it. Now they have zip. Oh, yeah, that's right. Yeah. So I'm sure we're going to have a lot of money. I'm sure we're going to have a lot of money. I'm sure we're going to have a lot of money. I'm sure we're going to have a lot
of money. Yeah. But I'm tickled by what you were seeing and I just thought I'd add my two cents and kill a couple of minutes before I can turn on the red game? Alright God bless you, man. I stay out of trust. See you Tom. All right God. There is a great time Hopkins, baby, our real News guy, how'd you like that? More and more. I would eat Day's. When we had Chuck, my I'm Hopkins, a little Jeter and a whole bunch of real news. People sitting in there.
When we're talking to people who, you know, I mean, our lives weren't surrounded by news events all the time
But when something was happening in the world that somebody wanted to go for like hurricane Andrew like things like that
We actually had people I could sit there and tell them to talk about it as opposed to going like a
By me
Yeah, like that. That was good. That was an excellent accident
What I had in mind, but that that was worked out great
Here every time my finger slips on it turns out to be a real abonus
5 6 7 I'm talking extra fast if it sounds like it this morning because we're sure on time back and timing here
We're looking at closest to Miami sometime Tuesday afternoon then mid
Florida coast Wednesday afternoon and then on up the coast now
Those that you and the care lives need to pay special attention to the system
Yeah, the really care a lot of it. Oh, I know if it does you'll be under the gun next
So you paying special attention
That's thing to do right now. Yeah, now let's get back to the studio Bob. Okay. Thank you
So there you go. There's let there's no change. You know like I said it's starting to move a little bit more
Thank God. Thank you
God a little bit more north of
West not you're not exactly you know north west but a little bit more to the north and then of course that great Canadian air
Thank God for those Canadians who blow hard baby
That Canadian air is gonna come in and deflect it just enough
Hopefully to move it right up the coast and bang into those Carolinas again
We'll teach those bad things the thing or two, huh? Keep them on their toes
And I know at the risk of being insensitive and maybe maybe that arrow be enough
I have my doubts, but maybe it'll be enough to send it back out make that right turn and out to see in the just maybe just
Barely do a little number on the coast of the Carolinas. You know what I'm saying maybe miss it all together
Is the way we look at it as teams are on standby in case shelters need to open as Floyd continues to move in the Atlantic
Now let's go to Bob child for the latest on the northeast
No, no, we don't we don't care about the northeast
Anybody care about the north no east. No, we just care about us
Not that you know after the fact just like after Hurricane Andrew
We had a lot of help from all over the country a lot of nice people a lot of people from up and broward went down to South
They yeah after the fact we'd like to be helpful, but right now it's kind of like us against them
We would like to help them out later. We don't want the other way around here sunrise. Hello
Yeah, what's up? Hey, I'm sir. I was listening to the rookies that show this one here talking about
Although, you know if the hurricane comes are gonna they might you know they might destroy they might kill their dogs whatever for food
I mean I think those guys are sick man. I mean
But I mean I like this one that with air in the worst. I'll tell you that much. Yeah, but I mean I just want to chime in with that comment and say
Come on if we just chop up Rick for food. That's a hello now. That's I wouldn't have any
Yeah, and let's go and let's go work in and I'll see you there. Okay. Yeah, there you go
In fact, you know something like I'm glad this guy mentioned that because that proved that something I've been telling you for a long time is true
I'm gonna say the problem we're faced with right now right as we speak, huh?
It's a damn good thing. This is your hurricane station by the way
How do you like that? Oh?
Q a M your hurricane station
I'm gonna say
I'm gonna say
Just in time boy that Mark van demure he's good. Thank God we got him to do those blogging
He's excellent people are telling me all over the place boy. Actually got a real good broadcast around there
Not like that
More on they had doing the hockey games the last six years. We got rid of him. We got the great jigsmeek Donald
Here now. He's a good guy a little old, but no
He's a good guy, you know right jigs. You're okay in my book
You're a little old and funny, buddy, and that word hack keeps coming to mind, but he's a good guy. We like him and
Especially replacing Chris Moore. We'd like anybody, you know, it's like hey, it's only can get better
Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. I have a report from Bokeh or tone on what is going on up here?
Okay, you wouldn't believe it. I'm over at Costco and there's all the old Delray Jews trying to get water in their
Carth and they can't pick up the box
Would seem to me that they'd be buying mogen David and stay
And then I was over at home depot couldn't even get inside. There's just like 50 people in the lines trying to get everything off the shelves
It's total mayhem. Hey us. I can't believe it. Thank God that people don't overreact
You know what I'm saying? That's how the people are very rational
You know as of yesterday as of last evening on the weather channel as opposed to a lot of our hysterical local
People but on the weather channel they were saying our and even from the national hurricane center our best advice is
Right now don't do anything start thinking about preliminary preparations
Maybe start getting the initial storm shutters out and getting prepared to put them up
But right now just keep watching is what they were saying and of course people are going nuts
Well, hey, I think all those those old Cubans over 50 they should have a protest on how about Wednesday afternoon
Perfect and in closing yes, sir Floyd gives South Florida a major blowjob all right
That's Cliff Floyd. Oh, no, we owe we shouldn't we don't want to say that because they'll have another
Brian Constituers in our hands. Forget about that. That's right. Don't want we don't want that do we know?
Because we got to concentrate all our efforts on an FCC thing you know what I'm saying
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got boy 40 you 50 there a few minutes left
And then we got the Marlon pregame show and I've said about that no
This is one of those days that I'm thrilled because now I can go home and put up my storm shutters
I can get about four or five. I see I don't have to worry about bottle water. Thank you South alconi
For all that solely water I got bottled water up the rectum. That's right
And that's the way to do it. What's wrong with always having some good bottle water on hand?
What is it have to be during some kind of an emergency?
In addition to which I hate to break the news to you
But if you had a whole bunch of bottles soda to wash in the said that. Oh, that's a bad idea
I need diet soda even though I'm not drinking that stuff anymore. Am I drinking it? Yeah, I'm still drinking it
See guess what the diet soda and the regular soda guess what it's all made out of
Oh, you shouldn't have said that
Yeah, what what is the magical thing? It was it can you explain this to me?
Why is it that people who don't drink bottled water in the first place? Okay?
All right, now listen. I realize this is a very tough question
Why is it that those people when there's a storm as opposed to drink in soda or what they usually would drink and
You know, maybe warm soda is not ab appetizing, but warm water ain't appetizing either, okay?
Assuming there's not going to be any powerful ice cubes etc or refrigerators
I'm sorry. I'm making a little bit too much sense even for myself right now
Wouldn't you rather have like soda on hand that just water doesn't that make sense to you? Yeah
Oh, what a concept no, we got to have those jugs of bottled water why well, I don't know
Because somebody told us to go get bottled water
But the soda is made up of water all of it is water with a bunch of really tasty crap in it. Oh, no, that's not a good enough
What if you want a boil some pasta on your uh stir-dose stuff
Haven't you ever had pasta with the diet dr. Pickard? Oh, man. That's dynamite
hmm
1109 at 560 WQM here. Okay, it's
Bow
A little band cam shit
Jet girl is her first day soon.
Bottoms up, tipler, the beer goes down the shoes.
Bleh!
And the chorus girl, will it work?
Paul Finch looks like such a jerk.
Jim grads the apple pie.
And goes berserrrr.
Work, work, work, work, work.
He eats one roast bean after another.
Heard.
We still use these tipler's mother.
She makes fancy brims.
She's this Mrs. Robin's bed.
I can't believe it's not a dream.
It's 95% unseen.
Maybe she will wonder why.
Maybe she'll call it apple pie.
And cause no money to write.
And she an American pie.
To say this movie, second 30 year was not be alive.
The one 18th on party after the prom.
All the kittling this movie is the bomb.
Wait till Friday, we get in the call and time.
It's 115 at 56, you WQM, the Panthers first exhibitionist game.
By the way, the seed is over and forth Myers tomorrow against Caroline and Hercunes.
How do you like that?
I'll wreck it, it's f***ing low.
Let's be fine to point.
And then of course the home game against the Bruins on this Friday the 17th,
which I already gave my tickets away for.
And then the other exhibition game against Tampa next Tuesday against the lightning,
which I already also gave my tickets away for.
But there you go.
There you are.
Won't be long now before we can get into a real sport with real men.
And not all this other candy ass crap that's going on.
Like baseball.
Coming up at noon, by the way, just 44 minutes away.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberk Pines.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, my nigga Neal?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was at the National Car at the center last week.
A friend of mine.
Oh, oh.
Yeah, right.
A friend of mine owns a suite there.
So I went with them.
They had a suite tasting party.
It was for the major suite holders.
It was two separate days.
And they had everything from prime rib to roasted turkey to every dessert desirable.
It was a buffet style, lavish buffet.
So they went through the talking, the public speaking.
They had Jake McDonald come out with a great guy.
And they had a director of the whole operations arena and the head chef and this and that.
To end the speech, Jeff Rimmer gets up and he starts talking, doing his little spiel.
And he goes, all right, everybody, let's eat.
I thought it was a hypothetical question.
He went right over to the buffet.
Oh, yeah.
He was the first one in line, Neal, the first one.
And let me just explain each one.
I mean, folks.
I asked him how the panthers looked in the practice the other day.
He said, they stuck.
But anyway.
The average suite, the guy was telling me a friend of mine, they'd take about 170 grand for each.
And that's not including the food bill.
And he's the first one in line.
Oh, yeah.
You know, they have these big wig, you know, guys coming in and, you know, and he's the first one in line.
I couldn't believe it.
It was a big and a rimmer.
Rimmer and his lovely wife came over to my house yesterday to bring me my hockey tickets, which he somehow intercepted from a Steve Dangerfield over there.
But that was, you know, nice to take your ball away down from Carl Springs in my house to bring me my hockey tickets and parking passes.
So they brought along their new two and a half ounce little dog.
It's like a little black.
It's like a little thing, okay?
It's like a little peen.
It doesn't even have no face.
It has no identifiable features.
In fact, I need to be sure it was a dog except for the fact that I was holding it for a couple minutes while both of my dogs were trying to attack it.
You filled the heartbeat?
No, it's a peed on my shirt.
Oh, new.
Yeah. Yeah, you should have kicked that duck.
And Carol's saying, oh, no, it's just from its nose.
It did, it felt like it seemed like peed, but it's not, you know, and no, it was not from its nose.
It was a dog peed on me.
Hey, can I call somebody at least for actually two people?
Yes, sir.
Rich T on and every Elvis impersonator.
Take any of these.
Okay, let's see it.
Yeah, we hate Rich Peel on Pylon.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Plenty of open lines here.
You've got 42 minutes to get through today.
Let's hear some psychotic stories about how your neighbors are behaving at the supermarket and the convenience store in any other place where they can get water.
Let me say it again.
You don't really need water.
Okay.
Why is it that I'm such a logical thinker?
You know, I think of all of these things that make so much sense that even a child could figure them out.
But the adults, the supposed adults out there are all so much smarter than me, of course.
They're just about your robots.
Oh, yeah, you got to go get it.
And you don't certainly got forbid you should buy bottled water like in, you know, like Evian or those that come into plastic, those tall thin.
Oh, no, don't do that.
You got to get the jugs, you know, you got to get the jugs.
And you know the one thing about the plastic jugs, I don't want to get you nervous.
But the plastic jugs that have the real thick plastic, you know, that are loaded with chemicals, the chemical seep into the water.
Okay.
So the idea that you're going to be drinking that for several days, or they're saying up to a couple of weeks if we had a real bad if we should get it directed from a like this hurricane.
The idea that you would be drinking two weeks worth of water, where it has leached the chemicals out of the plastic in those containers.
Is not too appetizing to me.
I'll stick with my diet soda.
Thank you.
Take my chances with that ass, pertain.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I didn't know there were any other sporting events that were ever going to happen other than football.
Yeah.
I don't care about any sports personally.
Okay.
But you know, as far as this hurricane might, my mother lives in a condolver where they can't put up shutters.
But she has her can opener.
You know, she's prepared.
Well, it's always better to have your can opener than your shutters.
I guess so.
I asked her where is she going.
She had there 75 years old.
They have enough water and supplies to fill to feed, you know, a small third world country.
Oh.
And I asked, you know, you realize a hurricane comes through and everything is destroyed.
You're going to be living in a tent.
She goes, oh no, nothing's going to happen here.
Where did she live?
In Kings Point, in Tamarack.
Oh, in Tamarack?
Nothing's going to happen here?
Nothing's going to happen now.
Oh, yeah, sure.
But they got all sorry.
Well, if nothing's going to happen, why do you need all the supplies?
Well, the lights might be out.
That's like a day.
Right.
So I go, what do you need 19 cans of tuna fish?
It's two elderly people.
Because when the lights go out and when you're that old, what else are you going to do besides sitting around eating tuna fish?
You can't do anything else.
With that can opener.
Yeah.
That prepared.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
I know.
See you at Kings Point.
Not.
Oi!
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're getting some updates from Don.
No.
No.
That great agreement we got with Channel 10 news.
Oh, man.
Why is it that one thing we're consistent?
Everything that we find out about this place is bogus.
Every agreement we got, every trade, every deal.
Everything we got is bogus.
It's, it's, it's, air's hot.
You know?
How's that newswire coming?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Helen Dale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I need sedatives for my wife.
What is this?
I need sedatives for my wife.
Why?
What is she psychotic about?
It's, what do we do if it's a category five?
You know these shutters in the health part of the 80 for five?
It is a category five.
We're like one mile away from being it.
Well, it's, it's, it's not even going to hit us directly.
Probably not.
If we're going to get tropical forest winds,
you know, it's going to be windy and rainy and nasty and blustery tomorrow and into Wednesday,
but it looks like we're going to catch a break.
Yeah, it will, it will be okay.
Now she's gone nuts.
She wants a little bit of the Andrew thing last night on TLC.
You live over on the beach?
Oh, no.
We're like, oh, by the way, thanks so much to MSNBC for showing the Hurricane Andrew thing
about five times in last four or five days now to get everybody really whipped up into a frenzy.
That was really good timing.
Thank you.
Of course.
A lot of that was back instruction in trailer park.
Right.
That's right.
I did ask George, but you don't have the fill Henry bed when he was still in Atlanta.
It's upsetting people down here picking on us because we were whims after Andrew.
No.
That's long gone, unfortunately.
Just like Phil.
Yeah, we'll see if we'll see if he gets indicated.
He is getting syndicated.
We'll see if I haven't heard one more word about him being picked up here.
That's it.
Brain one.
Where are you going to put him at?
They're not going to put him on QYM.
No.
No, we got too many ball games.
And I'm going to put him on QYM.
Too many odds on too many illegal betting events.
And also too.
Where you got left?
6, 10 and 7, 90?
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Okay, pal.
Take care.
Hang in there.
Okay.
Let's get some doggy downers for the crazy women out there.
Okay.
The ones that are going.
Okay.
Like that.
5, 6, 7.
Just relax.
Okay.
The world is not coming to an end.
It is a big mother rubber storm.
Let me say it again.
It is four to five times the size of Hurricane Andrew.
In fact, here's our boy.
Mal Prower from becoming executive.
What is it?
A group of five.
One mile an hour away from the category for our local agency.
The boy coming up at the bottom of the hour.
Yeah.
But as we take you to the next seven days, this is the trunk.
No, we don't care about the next seven days.
So at the bottom of the hour, don't let me forget.
He's going to do what they're going to do.
Another thing.
And it'll be the same as it was at the top of the hour.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line only 36 minutes away from the Marlins and the Reds.
The Marlins who have been outscored 172 to 85 in his last three games in the series.
Give it another shot today.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
The jet fans are on the rampage at the bokeh Home Depot.
They're so pissed over Vinny.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, they're even worse than usual.
Let me ask you, when they show the game tonight, the game that actually matters, the dolphin game, the channel 10,
do you think that they'll be like cutting out half the screen with her came up tape?
I guarantee you that from the moment that that thing starts, there will be a crawl on there, the likes of which show you haven't seen.
Believe me when I tell you.
So the bottom, the bottom will be cut off with the crawl.
The side will have an up to date tracking map.
And then in the left southwest corner of the screen, we'll have a lot of numbers.
Just be glad that they're in on channel four because Brian Norcross would be on the left side of the screen blowing in the enemy direction he could.
High pull halving.
And then we'll have Brian Greasy throwing touchdowns in just what's left, I guess.
Good deal.
One other question.
How come that, you know, that's a bokeh of Brian, and he's so clever.
How come we haven't heard living La Vida bokeh yet?
La Vida bokeh?
Yeah.
Okay, who work on it?
All right.
Have a great day.
As soon as he grows his hair back, he'll work on that.
Okay, 600 open lines here, five six seven, oh five 60, pond five 60 on the gate TNT wireless line.
It's good knowing that the entire community, just like the old days in IOD when the entire community would be focused in, like if there was any major event going on anywhere in the world.
Like I said, whether it was the Gulf War or Hurricane Andrew, whatever it was, they were all focused right in on us.
And we knew we were speaking of this gigantic audience.
So then I have the feeling like, you know, I could have stayed home and talked to my two dogs and even that little thing that the rumors brought, that little rat that they brought that peed on me yesterday.
I could be talking to them and have probably just about the same size audience.
Not that I would criticize anybody because if it were me, I wouldn't be listening here either.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Any other going?
Okay, sir.
Did you have the catch?
Channel seven news. This was on Saturday.
They show one guy boarding up down in South Bay.
And then CNN.
Okay, CNN carried this all throughout yesterday.
So this guy must feel like the biggest jerk asshole all over the other country.
Yeah, since Saturday he was boarding up.
Anyway, the sky is falling.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for making it into your pal.
We got to do a break because we got the ballgame coming up 26 after 11 at 560 WQM.
Dave Roberts from Wing TV and four Myers.
Leave it to our friends over on the West Coast to tell us what's going on.
I can't believe that Don was leaving you hanging like this.
What is Don?
No, anyway, you know, exactly.
That's what I've been asking for.
That's our great relationship that we have with Channel 10.
The Sponey Bologna thing that we have going.
Actually, all we do would call.
Yeah, but I'll tell you.
Are you guys getting a little nervous over there?
No.
Okay, need a moment.
I've been through too many of these.
Exactly.
Well, you have no reason over there in the West Coast to be concerned.
I mean, it would have to continue going exactly straight west and get no push from this low at all
to impact you in any way, really.
Right.
And we think it's going to start curving north later today or tonight.
It's right now 500 miles to your southeast.
Right.
You might be able to see it actually if you look at your window.
Well, I can see it right now on the weather channel.
It's called.
Exactly.
But let me ask you this.
Well, give me a, I mean, obviously you can't give me an exact time.
Give me a ballpark window of what times we can start hoping for this to start moving northwest.
We're thinking by late this afternoon, hopefully by about five o'clock.
See, it's still in a position where if it keeps going west tonight, we're going to have a big problem.
Right.
Because then it's going to come way too close to our area.
It's 500 miles across.
Right.
So it's one of the largest hurricanes we've seen in years.
And that's the big danger because even if the eye doesn't come close to South Florida,
still, if we're two, three hundred miles from the center, we're going to feel the effects from it.
So we're hoping that it starts making that northward push this afternoon or tonight.
And as long as that happens, it's a big problem for north Florida, but not for South Florida.
Well, like I said, better than the Nuskers they can't hear us anyway.
Yeah, so who cares?
Okay, thanks Dave.
Hey, can I give a shameless plug?
Absolutely.
Wing TV cable five here in Southwest Florida for all the updates on Floyd.
One of the great TV stations in America.
There you go, God bless.
Thanks.
There you go, Dave Roberts.
How do you like that from over on the West Coast calling in with an update?
God only knows what that is in the bad line.
It certainly can't be one of those five year old kids from Channel 10.
I was trying to make them look good.
Twenty eight before Marlon baseball, we got the Marlon game today, man.
The Albatross hanging around our next like a big gigantic news.
Even the Hangman never saw a news like we got with these Marlon games, huh?
Five six seven.
We got plenty of open lines.
By the way, five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
You know, we have Hurricane Watches up.
They've been extended to Burns, with Georgia and down to Florida.
City and that includes Dave County.
That's with the anticipation.
That's one of the legislation will move to the north of the area, but not impacted, but the hurricane force.
Winds can potentially impact the coastline.
And you can see them here as they come along the coast.
So stay by the weather channel.
We'll get the latest on all of information.
Thank you so much for following around there at the end.
And by the way, what about my satellite dish?
Because I remember back during Andrew, I had to have the satellite guy come and take the big dish down.
I'm wondering anybody got any advice on the satellite?
No.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Sorry, I asked.
Christine Van Blockland.
From time to time.
Yeah, I wish you could come in here and take a look at the way that that thing reads out.
You know what?
Mine doesn't look as good as yours does.
If I had a magnifying glass, I couldn't read it.
Hey Christine, what's going on?
Hey, there you still there?
I'm here.
I'm hearing lots of pops and whistles that I'm here.
Well, that's our phone system.
Yeah.
And Woolworth's just before they went out of business.
I figured it was our crack phone over here.
Could be.
Alrighty.
Your crack phone at Channel 10?
And that crack is in the perfectly working order at all times.
Well, I see.
Because we got some good phone numbers just in case.
I bet.
Okay, what have you got for us that Dave Roberts on the West Coast didn't just tell us?
Okay, again, did he just give you the 11 o'clock advisor?
I'll go ahead and repeat everything if you'd like.
Please do.
Hurricane Watch.
The newest news is that Miami-Dade County is now under Hurricane Watch as well.
And in fact, it's just to make things easier.
Of course, it goes for a Broward as well.
Monroe County is not.
In fact, so far so good for folks in the Keys.
Nothing to worry about there.
The watch is now extending up the entire East Coast from Miami-Dade all the way up to the Florida Georgia border.
Now, the good news about all this is that Jerry Girolet, the Hurricane Center, has been saying all along.
He's mainly doing this just to keep everybody on alert.
So go ahead and get home and get all your preparations taken care of.
It is not being called because there's a huge change in the forecast track by any means.
In fact, we're expecting it to still go east of us, scoot up the coast, and unfortunately be bad news again for folks in the care line on that.
Right.
Sorry about that.
I couldn't resist it.
That's a good idea.
You want the boring stuff a lot of two longitude.
Go ahead, please.
I'm going to kill some good time here.
There you go.
There you go.
Okay, for all of you keeping note at home, here's a coordinate.
You can also course call our weather phone and we have it updated all the time.
Latitude and longitude as of 11 o'clock, 24.1 north, 72.1 west.
That is about 525 miles east-out east of Miami.
Maxine sustained wind still 155, which makes it a really strong category 4.
That was not changed throughout the morning.
Of course, it's a borderline category 5, one more mile, and then a big ol' category 5.
Movement has not changed.
Still drifting towards the west around 14 miles an hour.
Still expected to make that turn.
Although if you've been watching or being attention, it's really going to make that turn maybe a little bit later.
What we thought.
But still going to make that turn.
The bad news is this is the important part.
The storm is so big.
The hurricane force winds extend outward of 105 miles.
So if it gets within 100 miles for a coastline, we could fill those winds.
If we don't fill that, almost definitely tonight on a two tomorrow,
we'll fill the tropical storm force winds.
Those extend up further, of course, and that means anywhere from around 40 to up to 73, 74 miles an hour.
We're going to get some winds around here.
Let's tell you that for sure.
And rain.
And rain.
Okay, thanks, Christine.
You're welcome.
We'll bet it down.
All right.
See ya.
We're kind of crack problem.
Christine Van Blocklin, there you go.
And by the way, give Don a big kiss for us.
Okay, thank God for him.
For being the one guy that doesn't hyperventilate and does get hysterical and doesn't, is not irresponsible.
I don't want to mention any names, but we have a few hyperventilating weather people in this town.
As you probably know from experience, if you've lived here more than five minutes,
a few people that get just a little bit carried away.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I just wanted to say that, you know, down here in Florida, you're right.
People got really good tap water compared to some parts of the United States.
And, you know, I don't see why they just don't fill up, you know, like they write them.
I recall they used to say, you up your tub with water was the thing.
Yeah.
So you got plenty to drink, you know what I mean?
Unless you got a lot of hair in your tub.
But anyway.
But anyway, listening closing, I just want to say a big, ah, ah, ah,
out of those New York jets, suck those quads.
Okay.
Later.
And thanks for whatever you just said.
He said to the jets.
56670560, you see, I think there's several ways to look at that yesterday, because I did watch the whole game.
And of course, I do like the Patriots and was rooting for them desperately.
But the fact is that even after testing, brooding all those other injuries, the jets still almost won the game,
which has got to give pause, especially when Tommy Tuba comes in there and throws a touchdown pass on his first pass he's thrown in about 50 years.
But nevertheless, I just mentioned that in passing.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 23 before the Marlin game baby.
Wow.
It's kind of like we're running through an obstacle course here today, you know what?
If anybody with a brain would be listening any way to this radio station at a time of maybe local emergency.
And then we got a Marlin game that we're backing up against, too.
Oh man.
But guess what?
Just like they said, we shall overcome and we're doing it.
We only got 22 minutes to kill.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinkies.
Well, you can't tell there's a way in your view of my point through the gap of the game.
So stop the point.
We under this weight you found what's going on and I'm home just right just near a corner.
What you're trying to understand, what you're telling us to really win.
What does that mean?
I'm gonna be dead.
Is that what's best to bully up a way?
I'm gonna be leaving a way to defeat because I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a little bit more feminine and I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
Hope people love me but don't want to close me.
I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a feminine guy.
I think there's another 560 WDQM we got.
Don't forget Hankel Beyond briefly in between ball games.
It's kind of a Hank Goldberg sandwich.
The Marlon game will be the slice on top and the Dolphin hours and hours and hours and hours
and an interminable amount of Dolphin stuff starting at 5 this afternoon.
So Hankel Beyond somewhere between the ball games.
Here's the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I just went over to our Sam's Club over here in Coral Springs.
Yeah.
And they have the police.
And I'm not getting any of the police in the parking lot.
I keep order.
And people are panicking.
You mean because it's utter chaos?
They're out of water completely.
People are screaming.
They've got water at the Sam's Club at Plantation.
And people are getting in their cars and just falling yes out of there.
It's unbelievable.
Can I ask you a question?
I mean, am I the only person that has thought about this that you could drink soda?
And it would be, it's also like water?
Absolutely.
You know, I think all my water jugs from the last scare and I'm just filling them up from the tap.
Now that makes too much sense.
Anyway, we, I wanted to know if you knew we had a new dog park in Coral Springs.
A new one?
A doggy park?
A doggy park?
A doggy park, but they've now made it.
They've now made it illegal for one dog to buy another dog.
It's a $5 fine.
Thank God for that.
And it's also illegal to pee on your neighbor's shirt.
And the city attorney who is a dog too.
The city attorney who's enforcing the ordinance.
His name is D. D.
D. D. D. D. D.
D. D. D. D.
Thank you.
$5.670560.
$5.660 on the 18th wireless line.
17 minutes until the big ballgame.
Borgway's five hurricane.
Not even every two decades.
But now this is one of the most important events in the history of a new neurology.
In the history of the human race.
And we got ballgame, baby.
And we got ballgames up to the old.
You'll shoot with your air carrier before you make any plan.
Oh, and by the way, those poor bastards that went out on those cruise ships.
They had a PCS today, so you know what I think about cruise ships.
Okay, for losers, for suckers, for idiots.
And that's one of the many, many reasons I can think of.
It's because you get out there on the open seas.
And while they were going to lose all their money, some people had paid up to four or five grand.
And they figured, well, what the hell, baby? I don't want to lose all that money.
I'm going to hop on that baby anyway in a cruise ship, too.
And they're out there somewhere just like Paulie and the Godfather won't see him no more.
Remember that? When jammership?
Yeah, they're jamming it.
So good luck to them, huh? They'll need it.
Another reason to stay off those cruise ships. Oh, sorry, Mickey.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello, now.
I'm getting blown over here by the storm.
Yeah.
These people are going, I went to Windixie last night.
There are people walking up there for water for this.
I walked down the candy aisle. I pick up a bag of smarties.
I pick up some racies.
I go and pick up some water to wash that down with.
Or maybe some soda would be good.
How about Diet Coke?
Uh huh.
I pick up a couple of 12 packs of Diet Coke.
I pick up a 12 pack of condoms.
I don't knock my wife off if the power goes out.
And these people are running around like it's absolute pay off.
Four and five deep at the gas station.
Oh, people are absolutely out there.
They're crazy people.
If anybody had any doubts, all I have to do every time we have one of these deals,
just look at the behavior of these people.
And then they're telling people by the way to go to the ATMs and take out lots and lots of money.
I mean, what how much money are they going to need?
A couple of thousands?
Right, right.
For what?
What are you going to use money for?
What is them?
What do you need the money?
In addition to which, if the stores are all going to be closed anyway,
because the electric is going to be out and they're all going to be out of all the merchandise you need anyway,
so what are you going to, like you said, what are you going to do with the money?
You have maybe play a little poker at home or something?
Maybe, maybe play a little monopoly.
Like you said, stay home and poker.
Hey, listen, one more thing, please.
Before the big ball game, please play that telemundo lady.
About two or three times in a row.
The telemundo lady?
The one who was screaming to...
Oh, you mean that one?
Okay, see you.
Was that beeping on his phone?
No, that's on this end.
It was not on his phone.
It must be the fax machine.
But don't worry about it now, since we only have 14 minutes and 31 seconds for who's counting.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 15.
In fact, I kind of like this out of that beep.
It makes it sound like there's something impending doom, something going to happen, you know?
I almost make this beep.
We feel like we have to touch with the outer...
World, even though I know we don't.
Here's a lady in Miami Springs.
Hello?
Neil, you're the best.
Listen, six-foot black sister, articulate.
Okay?
Love you, and guess what?
Okay.
Let's went to the market.
It was at...
I'm from St. Louis.
It was absolutely a zoo.
These people down here are clueless.
Okay?
Your thumb goes, I'm going.
Okay.
Bye.
Good luck.
Okay.
See, I was actually after work because we have the short show.
I was going to go to Publix and because there's something that had nothing to do with the storm.
But just some things that I need.
Am I going to go now?
No.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Too bad we don't have that, Tara.
Tell Rick we need that.
Five...
Tell him we need that.
We need that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 8.
Oh, that wasn't his anyway.
That was a renearie thing.
Remember?
That wasn't theirs.
That was of course, they would probably steal it like they did the bokeh saw.
That was a renearie thing.
I don't think so.
That was from your good friend Roger Magdalene tried to steal your job.
How you doing, Roger?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Pound five, six, eight.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Nothing he wants to get George fired but he decided he wanted to produce the renearie show and the erasure show.
Nothing he wanted to get George fired.
But then again, then he wouldn't have worked for Greg Reed.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Anya, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got an idea.
Why don't we stick near Penelope in the top and the top is building of downtown and then tie him up for the hurricane comes.
All right.
Sounds good to me.
Sounds like a winner.
It sounds like a plan.
Yeah, and I got one more thing.
I'm your buddy that traveled a lot.
They called you from Atlanta about three weeks ago.
Yeah.
And there's a problem because I sound like a crank and George swears that I call every day.
You know, and then you know, I probably think you're a weekend.
You know, he's got this.
He's hostile toward Puerto Ricans.
You know, I'm Cuban and I call about maybe once a week.
You know, and I love your show and George is a great job and let's go with the hurricane, man.
Tell him to stop being a professional ethnic.
Have a great day, sir.
You too, man.
I'll be right there to you.
Yeah, stop picking on those Cubans.
We're there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You know, start picking on some white people and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know what I mean?
I wish.
Here's a mobile in Hellendale.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just want to say don't drink that tap water.
You ever go to that water treatment plant?
Hello?
Did I ever go there?
You don't want to.
Uh-huh.
Because the water goes through the plant first.
Don't drink your faucet and that's what you're drinking.
Uh-huh, but don't you know that there are a lot of people who have water, like I have my collagen thing on my tent.
Shouldn't all those people be filling up their plastic jugs with the filtered water?
Go call again.
All right.
There you go.
Go call again, man.
Let's hear it for the call again, man.
All right.
That's another reason you got to have that filter on your thing.
Every guy out there needs to have a filter on his thing.
You know what I'm talking about?
Make sure that what comes out is clean and pure and the water too.
God.
Oh no, you got to go to the store.
I've never been able to understand that all these people are run to the store and they buy those plastic jugs.
Even when there's not a store, I wouldn't buy the plastic jugs.
Because like I said before, they've been testing.
And I'm not saying all of the brand, but the ones that come in and I'm seeing a lot of those on the TV things and the people's cards serve them right.
Probably the stormal misses and they'll be drinking that water anyway and they'll be winding up feet straight up in the air in a couple of days after they drink it up with that crap with all those chemicals leaching out of that plastic.
You can smell it.
You know what I'm talking about?
You'll probably take the top off of the container of water and you smell it and you say, oh my god.
What the hell is that?
I'll tell you what it is. It's all the chemicals in the plastic is what it is.
That leach into your water, baby.
And like I tried to tell them, or there's nothing worse than a leach.
Ten before noon at 5.60 WQIM.
Seven before noon at 5.60 WQM.
Seven minutes away from the big pregame show.
The Marlins at the Cincinnati Reds are you ready for that?
No.
I didn't think so.
Well listen, it's good though that we have that.
It'll give us all including plenty of time to go out there and buy a lot of bottle of water and drink all the poisonous stuff that's seeping into the leaching into the water.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60 on the 18th.
You want to slide off or get a hang after the Marlins game briefly because we got millions and millions of hours of D'Off and pregame, baby, because we could be something special.
He came back for one reason only.
Okay.
That is the goiner and sit between Tony's to Gretto and Joe Rose.
Anybody see that yesterday?
By the way, I saw about the last three minutes of the Jimmy Johnson show.
Wow.
That was one of the most unbelievable.
What a suck up job that was.
Exactly.
Here's a lady mobile and crawl spring.
Hello.
Hi. This is Sandy from Crawl Springs and lying in the bank.
Ten behind.
It's crazy, but I think I figured out why people are taking money out of the bank.
And why is that, Sandy?
Well, they wanted by T-shirt saying that I survived to our came Floyd.
Oh.
That wasn't very funny.
Are you making some up?
By making some up.
You have some T-shirts.
You might maybe we'll go to business together.
I should.
I should.
How about a bunch of T-shirts that just said, like, I acted like an asshole during Hurricane Floyd and cleaned out my supermarket?
That's pretty good.
Yeah.
I must say, I'm not a big sports fan, but I did go to my first golfing game a couple weeks ago and I turned into a dolphin fan.
And I must say, Tony Martin has a great set of buns.
There you go.
There you go.
That's why he got off.
That's all.
What?
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Goodbye.
Bye, Sandy.
So to speak.
She got real excited about that when I said that's how we got off of those great buns.
Tony Martin got great buns, baby.
That's what his man would say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, and how about Notre Dame on Saturday?
No wonder I'm in such a good mood.
Just when it looked like the gods again had this big fix was in on the last play of the game.
It's third and one on the Purdue One-yard line.
Oh, my God, they're running back.
This is the handoff and the quarterback goes into a panic.
It's stacked back on a 10-yard line.
And for the second week and a row, the clock runs out while they're running around going, like that.
Oh, man, I got sexual excitement to that because I was so positive that once again for the eight million time that the pope was on the bat line,
the fix was in, it was going to be touchdown Jesus.
And Notre Dame took it right up the old...
Backed him again for the second week and a row.
Oh, if I could tell you, I can't begin any other sporting event in the world other than my maple leafs.
There is no other sporting event in the world other than watching Notre Dame lose, especially in football, that gives me such tremendous erotic excitement.
Oh, God.
It was a 10-tall job.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Okay, state road 84.
When Dixie, the people are losing their mind.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
It's letting you in front of me at 28 bottles of water.
28 bottles of water on the wall, yeah.
That's correct.
28 and she thinks we're all going to die.
Uh-huh.
The Lord told her.
Well, maybe only her.
We didn't only free.
Okay, thanks for the good news, sir.
Yes, thank you, ma'am.
Okay. Well, listen, if she's going to die, tell her where I will take the water.
Tell her to give the water to somebody who's going to need it.
If she's going to die, when you're dead, you don't need the water, sweetheart.
You know what I'm saying?
You idiot.
Yeah, you know something.
You notice how close it is to the year 2000 already?
And we did sneak past.
Now, maybe no stood on us.
It was just three or four days off.
We sneak past the nine, nine, nine, nine thing there just to barely.
But maybe he was a couple of days.
Maybe his calendar was a little screw up or his chronograph, his phonograph.
His pornograph was a couple of days off.
And maybe the big blow is going to come along near this category five.
Maybe it's an old man, man.
God has pissed off as he's always getting pissed off and surly and psychotic with floods and with locust and all kinds of crap.
That's always a nice way, by the way, the plague of the locust.
That kind of typifies that Jewish, your voice, your God to me, the plague of the locust.
What about the boils?
And the boils, too, yeah.
By the way, boils your water before you be drinks in it.
And if you're going to use it out of the tap, you see how it all mixes and all ties in together.
I've been telling you that for a hundred years.
All these things tie in together.
Boils that water, baby, before you be drinking it just like the guy said before, all that crap that's coming out of your tap.
And stop acting like a bunch of crazy people at the supermarket and at the office, a home depot, whatever depot it is.
Stop acting like crazy people.
I know that I won't do any good, but I sit near saying that, but at least I uttered it.
At least I had the balls to get on here and said, stop acting like crazy people.
And the odds are looking very, very good.
Yes, so we'll get some wind and some rain, okay?
What we do?
It's not going to be the end of the world.
We're not going to take it directly.
The chances are virtually nonexistent that that's going to happen.
People like it paint a lot of money to study these things are telling us that.
And there are people out there, some of you, acting like lunatics in heat.
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know.
God.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Yeah, we got to go to All Meal all the time now.
Yeah.
We know to get an apple plucker, North Cross just went to the power family, found a bunch of gypsy contractors coming down on the Irish.
Yeah.
You got plenty of practice, I'll take a look.
I went to Jerry Jowel for the APP to head him off, send him up the Jackson's hole.
I want to give you the real thing here, Neil.
Thank you, Brian.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Yeah, thank God that we don't have anybody in this town to get on there and hyperventilate and jumps up and down irresponsibly like Ruppel Stiltskin and tries to bring these things back.
Okay, even he has moderated somewhat probably thanks to a hell of a lot of criticism over the last the seven years since the Andrew thing since he became a legend in his own mind.
And since they did that NBC special or whatever the hell it was, try to make a big song and a dance out of him like he was a real man, which we all know, of course, is not the truth.
At any rate, we'll stick with Don.
No, thank you over there on Channel 10.
We'll stick with him. He knows his crap. He doesn't get hysterical. He doesn't screw around.
And I'm going to tell you something because of the fact that we feel so concerned about it here at QM.
We're not going to be carrying over stupid ball games here the rest of the day today.
The Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
You
