Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Talk to Neil, call 567-0560 toll free for date and browners.
Or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
and easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The song, the song, the song, the song, the song, the song, the song, the song, the song, my favorite show.
Big toe, big toe, big toe, big toe, big toe, big toe, big toe.
It's Friday, you're faster.
We're going to do I say talk to you.
We are all being screwed.
I say listen.
We are all down in the mouth.
You can listen.
But now you will find any work that will corrupt your mind.
No fun to be sent or by the FCC.
No fun to be sent or by the FCC.
There'll be nothing left for us to enjoy.
We'll soon be paying the children's for us.
No fun to be sent or by the FCC.
No fun to be sent or by the FCC.
Everyone wants us to be clean.
They think they know what we should feel.
They try to dictate to us what is real.
Young and old, please listen to us.
I say it's wrong and I.
Please don't put up a fuss, help us catch it.
The FCC, but you're not.
Help us with one thing.
Your lawyers can't do it by themselves.
Let's all help him.
Don't put it up on the shelf.
Let's be up to you.
No, no, no.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
You've even tried to fathom a court.
That's the reason.
People are important to you.
I said to them, let's send them by for what truth and your letters.
Thank you so far so we can tell the FCC what the end of our day are near our dirt.
And so far are on your side.
We have nothing too high, young and young.
Get your opinions out and maybe the FCC will stay out.
No, no, no, no.
It's easy in the fall and now.
In the evening now no one knows what worst crime is safe.
We all have the FCC to live.
And see so away.
And see.
Get off our backs.
And see.
Let us live our lives for real.
Go up the tree, say no one.
No, not the least.
Got a look.
No, she could look maybe this is your finish.
No.
Go away.
Okay.
At 5.60 WQAM.
There is always some little chigger in a wood pie.
There is always when you least expected, in the middle of a real boring summer, tedious and ponderous.
Come in this morning and everybody is going like that.
Well, because according to R&R, which is the daily digest of the radio industry, a craft sheet that they put out every day that all radio stations get.
According to the R&R, and again I say according to because nobody else does anybody else know anything about it?
No.
Greg Reed know about it?
No.
Our lawyers know about it?
No.
Our FCC attorney know about it?
No.
The FCC know about it?
No.
No.
But R&R knows about it somehow.
Maybe they got a psychic.
Maybe they are using a show, a showgrip and surely Peters over there.
They have a psychic working for them and maybe this is coming down but not yet.
Anyway, the second item this morning, right under CBS Invented and another medical site, it says,
FCC slaps WQAM Miami with $35,000 in decency five.
How do you like that?
Longing $60.
The commission said the neo-Roger show aired in decent material on several occasions last May.
An excerpt from one show, include the song of the tune of the Toys Aros, I don't want to grow up jingle.
The lyrics about Earl Sex.
General manager Greg Reed declined to comment.
His only comment was eeeeh.
And the Beasley Broadcasting Sports Station has 30 days to appeal.
So it's in, we don't know what we're supposed to appeal.
We don't know what song it actually was because the only parody we have to the tune of that is that Guns Aros think,
which has nothing to do with Earl Sex.
It goes like this.
I don't have to grow up.
I'm a Guns Aros kid.
And there's nothing I've seen about that except for the fact that it's about people shooting to.
But and we haven't been notified.
Our lawyers haven't been notified.
Greg Reed hasn't been notified.
And they talk to the FCC in Washington.
And they all said, well, guess what?
Eeeeh.
No, either.
Yeah.
So it's like a mystery.
So there are two, there are many different ways you can look at this.
And of course, on the one hand, you get a little bit bad out of shape because first of all, this is the game that they do like to play.
I remember 10 years ago at IOD when we really did get fined.
And that was only $10,000.
So I think your right inflation is really getting carried away with these people.
But they notify you and then you have a period of time to respond.
And then after they make a determination.
So one has to really wonder if this is a legitimate item you know I'm talking about.
Eeeeh.
Or if somebody has planted this crap with some unsuspecting guy over there at R&R who may not have any idea what he's talking about.
Although, you know, I have to be on the guy's side.
Even though I don't always name or what it's all about.
Because generally speaking, I've discovered here in this place, whatever's going on in the real world, we didn't know anything about it.
Like yesterday, we don't have to go back to ancient history as recently as yesterday.
Palm Beach Post reports, Jigs McDonald hired by the Panthers is the radio played by playing outside.
Now, we only happen to be the radio station that's the, where the Panthers radio station, the anchor of the network so to speak.
Did we know anything about that?
No.
No.
Now, I see that one of the, I think it was the Sun Central has a thing.
And I of course would know comment whatsoever to they don't know who that is today.
The day late in the dollar short.
So it sure wouldn't be the first time that something like this has gone down.
And we know nothing about it.
And as far as in decent jingles with lyrics about oral sex.
Apple, it hasn't the whole country been here in about oral sex for like at least a year and a half down.
Uh huh.
That's all we heard about.
Oral sex, cigars and people's rectums and the stuff like that.
So it's still a major mystery to us.
All we can say here at WQ and NC would be nice if this is going to come down that they would tell you,
well what is it that we played that was in decent or obscene or whatever that we're going to get fine for.
So we won't play it again.
Are they telling us?
No.
No.
So the fever research continues to try to find out what the hell.
It's all about.
But at least it's a little bit of excitement anyway.
And what's 35 grand, you know, do people like to be easily?
Yeah.
What's 35 grand of them?
But it's just a little bit, uh, a little bit agitating to think that the award police are going to start up again.
And Greg makes a good point, which I wrote it down because it's the first one he's ever made since I've been here.
He made a good point this morning.
There are 8,000 pirate radio stations on the All Across America,
honoring every word that's ever been invented.
Some we've never heard before putting all kinds of trash and crap on the air.
As the FCC, we need doing much about that every once in a while.
It'd be an article like we had happened here, you know, but that was last year, right?
That they cracked on a couple of them and then they go and they put it right back on the air and the FCC goes back and starts worrying about the word police.
You know, did they say crap on your teeth or something like that?
And speaking of Greg Reed, by the way, beautiful picture.
Do you see Greg's picture in the sports section and very Jack Ashes comedy?
Wait till you see this.
Oh man, you will fall on the floor and pee in your pants.
In fact, you know something, this picture is so good.
They might just show it.
The next Thursday night at 1030, they might preempt.
Not Lisa.
No, they might preempt and just put Greg's picture on there.
People all across America be laughing or ants off.
That is the heraldest famous for that.
Taking the worst possible picture.
And in his case, I'm sure they had a lot of choices, but just taking the most grotesque picture of people
and stucking your poise in the paper looks like a picture out of a carnival.
One of those amusement parks with the distorted mirrors, you know,
where your face is like shown from below.
Where it's all bloated and distorted and his hair is blown in the breeze.
Of course, the hair is kind of accurate.
He just doesn't know what to do with those six hairs on the time.
First, he tried that Luis Miguel, that bag looked the Italian thing over the top.
That didn't work out too good.
People were laughing at it.
So here they're like all whistling in the dark.
Anyway, we'll get into that.
Got a whole bunch of stuff to do today.
And of course, right now on CNN, all involved.
But we've also seen the services.
Oh, now it's not bad enough.
Now we're remembering.
I mean, this has gone on for a week now.
Tonight will be one week since the plane went down.
And they're still going on.
They still can't stop.
It's like an out of control freight train.
It's just racing downhill.
And nobody can come close to even thinking about how to stop it.
You know, I'm beginning to wonder if they'll ever be able to stop it.
You think so?
No, I don't think so.
They can't stop.
They're so immersed in this crap.
And by the way, was there anybody besides John John that died in the crash?
No.
I don't think so.
These are the two people.
You know, for every word about the besets that they've had,
there have been 50 million words about the Kennedy's.
I'm not saying that it's, and of course it was two of them.
I want to hand, but it's still, they can't hold a candle.
This is the most disgusting program.
Yes.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
And I'll sign for language lesson of the day.
Repeat after me.
Me for part, Noah star Viviendo, called Essay Prasituta,
which means my father no longer lives with that hooker.
Austin Longbego.
So anyway, 1015, but I was shortens.
We 1015 at 560 WDQM.
And I didn't even realize that today is payday.
And bluff was just in here handing out paychecks.
Everybody, how do you like that?
Of course George being a hot shot.
He's already got his check.
He has money in the bank five days ahead of time.
Of course I could use that appearance money from 100 years ago.
You didn't get it yet?
No.
No, come on.
And you know what?
Now it is $35,000 fine from the FCC hanging over your head.
And you better call that the guy in the Brindmore, New Jersey,
up in the Philly area there from those Philly games, the Marlon games.
Because that guy, his $75 may have to wait a long time now.
If indeed this turns out to be a true story.
And if indeed, of course they have to cough up 35 grand of the FCC,
the word police.
I told you we live in a police state.
Didn't I tell you that?
And we do.
Only now it's gotten to the point where we can't even find out.
It would be like being arrested.
Like somebody grabs you off the street in a uniform and drags you away.
And you say, okay, well what am I being arrested for?
And they just sit there looking straight ahead.
You know?
You did something wrong, but we're not going to tell you.
Just guess.
And if you get it right, maybe we'll tell you if you're right.
And maybe not.
That's the way it operates.
A parody to the gun toys are us.
What are they talking about?
Whoever put this in here, obviously.
I mean that part of it is wrong to begin with.
So that raises all kinds of questions.
It sends up all those little flags like they always say.
Those little flags in here.
Stick your collar to me before we get to Barry Jackass's brilliant column.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello?
Neil!
Yes sir.
Quick dog story for you.
I have a 75 pound hupkey shepherd and a three-year-old son.
And the dog was in his bedroom.
And he did not want the dog to leave.
And as the dog was making its way out the door, he slammed it.
And my wife was in the room with him and looked and saw a piece of tail sticking in the door.
She went over thinking, you know, tell us the dog out.
She just came out of the door.
What?
Go ahead.
She went over thinking to open the door to let the dog out.
Open the door.
Tail.
No dog.
Yeah.
Well, as it turns out, about an inch of the dog's tail is stuck in the door.
And we had to take it to the vet and have a little bit more taken off.
And now it's at the house with this long strip of tail at the end.
With no hair, it looks like a piece of rope taped around.
Not bad for that dog.
Yeah, I mean, why would you call it its backbone?
I mean, why would you call it that?
You know.
Last thing, in closing, it's the packer's ball at the point of the moth.
Okay, well listen, whatever you say, pal, I'm glad somebody's getting some tail in your house anyway.
Here's Kendall.
I knew it this morning.
Okay, sir.
Sir, how do you feel about how this crap that piece sound like one of those chronics to me is what you sound like.
Anyway, here's something from one of our listeners, a fax this morning, kind of amusing, not great.
It says, on their way to the injustice of the piece to get married, a couple had a fatal car accident.
A couple of them found themselves sitting outside having a gate waiting on St. Peter to do an intake.
While waiting, they wondered if they could possibly get married in heaven.
St. Peter finally showed up and they asked him.
St. Peter said, I don't know, this is the first time anyone is asked.
Let me go and find out.
Any left?
The couple sat and waited for an answer for a couple of months.
They began to wonder if they really should get married in heaven with the eternal aspect of it all.
Well, what if it didn't work?
They wondered, are we stuck together forever?
St. Peter returned after yet another month looking somewhat be dragiled.
Yes, he informed the couple.
You can get married in heaven.
Great said the couple.
What if things don't work out?
Could we also get a divorce in heaven?
St. Peter read face, slammed his clipboard onto the ground.
What's wrong, asked a frightened couple.
Come on, St. Peter shouted.
It took me three months to find a priest up here.
Do you have any idea how long it's going to fit?
Take me to find a lawyer?
All right.
Thank you, Thomas, who asked you that this morning?
Not bad.
I'm amazed he actually did find a priest up there.
How do you like that?
Only three months.
So, Barry Jackass, who definitely is going to rotten hell if there is one.
Decision awaits Reed.
Now, it's not so much for what he wrote this morning because it's just the ending as usual.
Although he does talk about somebody that definitely better not be doing those hurricane games.
Characet Jackie?
Yeah, like him.
Decision awaits Reed.
And there's the worst picture of Greg Reed in here in the history of the human race.
Greg is hiding under his desk right now.
I'm not sure if it's that potential FCC fine or the picture in the hero this morning
that's caused Greg to be hiding under his desk like a little child with his thumb in his mouth.
But at any rate, it says WQAM General Manager might hire a higher outsider for UM football play by playjob.
We're all hoping he does, by the way, and I told him that this morning.
I told him a few higher Joe Zagaki.
I absolutely promise I will roll my brains out right here on the air like Howard Peel.
It says when WQM General Manager Greg Reed returns from vacation next week,
one of the most difficult decisions of his tenure awaits.
Hate to break the news to you very, but he had to come back for a few years today.
He's here right now.
I know you're a little bit behind the time, Barry, but you better get with it.
Does he risk angering the University of Miami and higher University of Massachusetts to announce their Mark Vandermeer
when Reed is identified as the best broadcaster among the candidates for the hurricane's football play by playjob?
Does he do that?
Has Barry? I sure hope so.
Because this guy supposedly is very good.
Just like the guy from Indianapolis that we had the hockey take-up, which I heard,
who was also very good that should have been doing the Panther's games before it's going to be guilty.
And we heard that old Fuddy-Daddy, Jigs MacDonald.
And by the way, I spoke to 6,000 people between two o'clock yesterday in this morning's show.
And 6,000 people, each and every one of them, said the same thing about Jigs MacDonald.
You know what they said?
He sucks.
He's boring.
He's old.
He's tired.
And what a disgrace that Bill Turrigan stuck his nose there.
Like I told you, a few kids out there listening.
It's not who you know.
It's who you f***ing don't say blow because then the FCC will get upset again.
You can't talk about oral sex because only on CNN they could talk about oral sex and MSNBC and CNBC and the three major networks for 18 months they talked about oral sex.
And where did he stick it and what did he do with it and was the cigar moist, was it dry, was it a temporalo, was it a Cuban?
What kind was it, was it in menzo, etc.
But if we even make reference to it, you see because evidently the word police are righted again, although nobody seems to really know whether this is real.
Is it make-believe?
Kind of like this radio station.
Is it real or make-believe?
Is anybody-
No.
So anyway it goes down about this read, make the politically correct move.
One that would appease you.
See this thing with those blue noses, those brown noses, those buttlickers that you of them.
Those are the worst.
I mean those people over there.
That is one of the most elite bunch of nose suckers in the history of the human race.
Does he hire one that would appease you of officials?
W-I-N-Z's Dave Lamont.
I mean you know Dave, like I said, not a bad guy, but hysterical on those broadcasts.
Screaming.
Oh it's a pretty guy.
Yeah, like that.
I'm sorry Dave, you're a good guy, but no.
No.
Does he hire WFORs?
Jersey Gack.
Oh god.
In fact Joe Costellar just said that he would commit suicide.
We're going to have a mass suicide in here if they hire Joseph Gackie to do the UMM game.
That's right.
Then no we've all-in.
George has also said he would do it.
Jim Jones, eat your heart out.
We're going to sit here and do better than Kool-Aid, okay?
Faster and more paneless.
Or WPLG's Frank Ford.
I mean, no.
Even if he took that thing off his head, which I guess he did, you know what happened?
The thing that used to be on Frank Ford's Ford head, it's on Enrique's push now.
And you know why it won't slide off of there?
Because Enrique keeps putting all that stuff on his face.
And it kind of sticks to it.
Now, seriously, if he would stop doing that, the thing might slide off.
It was on the way down from his forehead.
And it stuck there right next to his nose.
But at any rate, this goes on about- and of course Mandage made an excellent point.
And Mandage was great yesterday.
If you thought he was good yesterday, wait till 2 o'clock this afternoon.
He had a really, I mean, he always, I love Mandage on here.
But I mean, he was really-
Oh, right.
...ploken yesterday.
Maybe that's because he was listening to 99 Jams.
He was jamming it.
Huh?
He was doing it, baby.
So he'll be on again today, Hank's on vacation.
Hank, don't take these long vacations because every time we hear Mandage, people are saying, boy, you know, he sounds pretty good.
So at any rate, we will see what we'll see about that U of M in this hole.
And it says, read rarely has had the final say an answer, hires in the past.
WQM's announcers from the Dolphins, Marlins and Panthers have traditionally and sadly been chosen.
And I'm the one saying and sadly, by the teams.
That's why we wind up with Jigs McDonald, old McDonald on the farm.
E-I-E-I is what they should have said to him.
UM's weekly radio show begins in mid-August and the football team opens August 29th against Ohio State.
And his mad dog was saying, yesterday, it's already the 23rd of July, you know?
I realize Greg's a little slow to make these decisions.
But get that guy from Massachusetts in here and let's get him started and cut the crap.
And just say no to...
Jericic, I can't...
Please.
That wasn't very good.
Was it?
Jericic, I can't...
That was better.
Oh, the prospect of him putting everybody into a coma.
I mean, I would, no personality.
He got, even if he says hello, it's so boring.
People start like swooning and falling on the ground.
And this guy's going to do play by play?
No.
No, I don't think so.
Even though Barry says, always, Vandermeer is not hired to Gaki, he might have the best chance to get the job.
Etc.
And so on.
He's got interest, but we need permission from WFOR.
And everybody in the building will commit suicide if they hire him.
Which you left out of the article, Barry.
Here's Coral Gables. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Happy Friday to you, sir.
Happy Friday to you, listen.
I slept on Green last night.
Yeah.
It was a...
Green, fire.
It's a little, my favorite show.
Yeah.
Great show.
I mean, what about that bar he went into with all those red necks?
Yeah.
Was that scary or what?
That was lovely.
I mean, those women look like, I mean, I don't know, cracklers or something like that.
I love the thing when he was riding with that cop.
And he was giving, gave the speeding to get out to that woman.
And then those two young people, they were kissing and they came out.
Yeah, he said, I think we have an illegal sex act.
Where you're here to have sex, it was just great.
Yeah, listen, well, I wanted to thank you for turning me on to that show.
And, uh...
That show on television, sir, and I got to do this to you.
If I have to choose between watching another 700 hours of the Kennedy post the death thing
here on all these networks or watch some Tom Green, I'll stick with Tom.
Thank you.
There's four parents though, huh?
Yeah.
I love it.
Yeah, that was hilarious.
Well, listen, I went to your webpage yesterday and I couldn't download your Niels town.
Yeah.
Actually, I was downloading them but they never played them and nothing would come out.
I don't know about that.
So, I'm going to let you go.
It'll give you something to do all over Born Weekend.
Just keep dealing with it.
Well, come on out to the cashew nuts so I gotta let you go.
Okay, see you.
Okay, there's a guy with a mouthful of nuts.
Is he going to get, he's going to probably get erected for that.
Yeah!
We'll have the nut police in here pretty soon.
By the way, speaking of something really disgusting, well, I'll tell you after the break.
This young goldstein thing in Scrumay.
And, you know, I'm responsible for this, although I shouldn't tell you that.
But he mentioned it on the year they were there.
And, you're disgusting.
You're a pig.
Although it is in a very sick way.
Well, I don't know.
We'll have to pass it around to building and see if anybody finds it humorous.
Besides me and George.
Maybe Joe will take a look at it and see if he finds it.
Have you seen this yet?
The Scrum Magazine?
Well, you don't have to come in and take a look at that.
Now, there is a penis in there so please just put your hands over one eye anyway.
26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQA.
I said it was sick, didn't I?
Okay.
He's laughing.
He's laughing.
He's laughing at his ass off.
He's going, alright.
It is very sick.
Well, hey, the Tom Green show is very sick.
Al Goldstein is sick.
I sure is, Helen, very sick.
It's Friday, you bastard.
In theaters now, from the director of The Spy, who shagged me.
And the director of Forest Gump, it's The Spy, The Shagged Gump.
Dangerous in my middle name.
Hello.
I'm sports.
Forest Gump.
I think you shagged jealous, baby.
You switched on your smashing.
My mom always said, life was lack of box of chocolate.
You never know what you're going to get.
Oh, come on, tram, baby.
Yeah.
So, was shagged now or was shagged later?
I'm not a smart man, but I know what love is.
Obey, hey.
The Spy, The Shagged Gump.
If that isn't woman, it doesn't look like she was beaten with an ugly stick.
Show me now.
I shagged her.
I shagged her rotten, baby.
Yeah.
And that's all I have to say about that.
Oh, yeah, baby.
1032-560-WQM, we got managed it too.
We got Donnie B. at 6.
We got the pre-game at 630.
The brewer is in the Marlins tonight.
Should be a big, a big crowd out there, shouldn't it?
You think so?
No.
Anyway, maybe the audience can help us out with this, because we just took a pool,
and all three of us think it's funny, even though there's a foot in the Abedon Jury's thing.
That's bad.
I'm surprised you're always laughing at a naked foot.
But nevertheless, on page 16 and the Obey,
August 2nd issue of Al Goldstein's Screw Magazine,
his disgusting pornographic and perverted magazine that so many of us enjoy tremendously.
Page 16, here's a full page ad.
A make-believe ad.
Oh, geez.
Just Donnie.
But hey, you know, what can I say?
I have nothing to do with this, okay?
He's the one that's a big Ben and Jerry's Fish Food fan.
I'm the one who turned him onto it, but nevertheless,
I'm going to describe this page to you.
And we'll find out if the audience is regurgitating if they find out that this is just a little bit too far.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, Mad Magazine.
A lot of times they had satire.
Some people thought it went a little bit too far.
Very tasteless.
Very irreverent.
Tom Green show.
Who's the Tom Green show?
I like the thing with the cows, you know, with the, oh, man.
That other one.
Well, here's one that says Ben and Jerry's proud to present it.
It's got a cover of a Ben and Jerry's ice cream container.
New Kennedy flavored Fish Food with a pH, of course.
A delicious taste sensation brought to you direct from the shores of Martha's Vineyard.
And at the bottom it says, don't forget to try our classic Mary Jo Kepekney flavored Fish Food.
Oi!
Now, maybe we're not doing too well so far.
But when you look over to the right, here's the cover of Ben and Jerry's.
It says Vermont's finest with a pH.
Kennedy flavored, extra chunky Fish Food.
And here's the container itself.
Open container.
And the ice cream is in it.
It looks like the real thing to me.
In fact, you know something I have to hand it to.
I'll even as grotesque as this is.
It looks to me like somebody in his office sacrificed a real container of Ben and Jerry's Fish Food.
Although I wouldn't be surprised after the, because this other stuff is superimposed over it.
So I wouldn't be surprised after they took the shoot, the shot, after they shot it, that they hated.
And the Fish Food too.
And here's, in the, I'm a little reluctant to describe this to you, okay?
But here on top of the Ben and Jerry's, on very top of the ice cream,
are the heads of Carolyn and JFK Jr.
Here's a foot, there's a breast, and there right in the middle is a penis.
You call that a...
You call that a penis?
Yes.
Yes.
By any definition, that to me definitely looks like a penis.
I've seen one or two in my time.
That looks like one.
Circumstives on this.
Yeah, and this one is circumcised, by the way, for those who may have been curious.
So we'll find out from the audience if they're like, and probably most of the audience is tuning out right now saying,
this man associates with Al Goldstein, he's disgusting, he's crude, he's obnoxious.
We've had it, that's it.
You've had us pissed off all week, Nia.
Oh, and then JP just came in.
He's peeing in his pants, he's laughing so hard at this thing, okay?
So I'm sure that somebody out there will say, it's crude and disgusting, but so far we're batting a thousand.
Oh!
Four for four.
Now the women are the ones that would get bent out of shape, because I find that most women, for example, I went to my new doctor yesterday,
who seems like a pretty good guy.
I mean, they gave me the royal treatment in there.
They're taking my pictures, they're getting my autographs.
I'm not so sure if they did anything medical or not, I don't remember.
If you introduce to my doctor's wife,
and my doctor was in the car, I guess yesterday, or maybe the 84, and turned it on for the first time,
his wife had never heard the show.
And her comment was, he's a little vulgar, is he?
But when I'm there to my face, she says, oh, I like your show.
So you see, it's the woman thing.
Women have to say, they've been conditioned in America to being prunes.
So they have to say, oh, that's disgusting, even though inside they're laughing their ass off.
Aren't they? Or maybe they're not.
Maybe they're just repressed and uptight that they can't do it.
They can't allow themselves to see the humor and something sick and twisted and distorted.
That everybody that came in here and looked at the thing, just peed in their pants all over the place.
He's still laughing.
Here's South Beach. Hello.
Well, let's see if Josh thinks that it's also...
Let's see his reaction. He's looking at it.
See, now he's trying to repress it, but he can't repress a smile. Go ahead, sir.
D.R., are you doing this one, remember?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I just want to tell you that I love your show and that you should forget what all these assholes in the R&R are.
And what in the R&R are doing?
And you do your thing and you keep on and making us laugh and seeing the truth, right?
All right, and it's cool, ma'all.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Yeah, he's laughing now.
Clarence is laughing.
And he could...
So we're batting five per five.
Oh!
Not bad. We're batting a thousand so far.
On our goldstein, paid 16 in the Aka Second issue with Screw Magazine.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 8th, on the mobile one line.
And by the way, you know, when they put the letters to the editor in on a topic that a lot of people are writing about, which is very rare.
But generally, most newspapers try to balance it out.
In other words, if they get 10 letters and eight of them are on one side of the issue and two on the other, they'll put maybe...
If they put in proportion to whatever they're getting is the way they try to do it.
Well, in the hero this morning, there are one, two, three, four, five, six, seven letters to the editor about the Kennedy business, about the Adet of Robert Kennedy, John Kennedy, Jr.
Whatever his name is.
And they all basically are saying the same thing.
I've been screaming all week long.
So maybe I'm not out there on a limb all by myself.
Maybe most of the public does think that this is grotesque overkill.
That's meant to signify the white garment set.
Still going on right now.
The white garment, the black garment, the this garment.
I mean, they just can't stop.
They're out of their minds with us.
And the best of all the letters, this is really tragic.
From Roland Rackow in Miami, who says,
I don't begrudge the efforts taken to locate and retrieve the victims of the Kennedy tragedy.
But I'm interested to know why the same efforts were not undertaken when my nephew died in a helicopter that he was piloting to pick up personnel from an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico.
He had just taken off from the oil rig when a prop flew off and he went into the Gulf.
The Coast Guard spent one day looking for survivors and then gave up.
My brother-in-law had a higher helicopter in church on his own for several days, which proved fruitless.
This is not sour grapes, and I do agree for the survivors of those who perished as we did for our nephew.
But it does pay to be politically prominent in our society.
No kidding, Roland.
And we apologize for this bull-crap government of ours, okay?
But if you have a big name, then they'll spend millions and millions of dollars.
They'll go to the ends of the world, too, with whatever they can.
But if you happen to be Joe Blowout there in the street, they figure, you're on your own, okay? Nobody gives a crap.
This is the Neal Roger show.
Yeah.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Feeling sexy?
Feeling kinky?
Feeling old?
Been coming to Fredrick's of Hollywood?
Florida?
Retirement haven to the elderly.
So you wear a plastic hair bonnet when it's sunny out?
And a fur coat during the summer?
Big deal.
That doesn't mean you can't done some crotchless panties in a barbed wire broth tonight.
Honey, look at these rubber panties.
You look great in these.
No grandma, check out this G-string and see through Halter Dog's combination.
What?
Oh, that is nice, dear.
I didn't see myself really getting into that little number.
Touch you?
Bring the husband.
Bring your family.
Bring your bed nurse.
And come into Fredrick's of Hollywood.
Florida.
Look for one of the retirement community near you.
1044-560-WQM.
Here's some bad news, by the way.
California Bishop resigned amid abuse charge.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
The Roman Catholic Bishop of Santa Rosa, California resigned after a priest suit in for alleged sexual assault.
Officials announced yesterday.
Bishop Patrick Zeman, 58, submitted his resignation to Pope John Paul II, who accepted it.
A lawyer for Zeman, who led the 140,000-member diocese of Santa Rosa, North of San Francisco, said the loss of
the baby came only after the bishop refused to pay $8 million to keep the sex abuse charges quiet.
The Reverend George Salasud Zeman, last week in Sonoma County Superior Court, alleging that Zeman demanded sex in exchange for keeping quiet about Salas admitted theft of $1,200 from
Mains St. Mary's Church in Ucaya.
This most fact in the church.
How do you like that?
All he wanted was $8 million bucks.
Could have called Michael E. Could have helped him out ridden him of the check.
$1,50.
$5.670-560-WQM.
$5.670-WQM.
Nobody offended.
See, if we had any women in this building, we could bring them in and do a test on that.
We don't have any women in the building.
Do we? Is there any female anywhere in the building?
Is there someone up?
Huh?
Yeah, I bet you will.
I'm not talking about for that.
I'm talking to take a look at Alga.
Because I'm sure that they're, oh my God, that's disgusting!
That and they would just run down the hall screaming about what a bunch of perverts we are.
Because they take everything seriously.
You can't satirize something sad, something tragic.
But once you're dead, I mean, really what difference does it make?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I have to say, you've got men.
Yeah.
And who do you hear behind you?
What is it?
I'm Rick.
I'm Rick.
I'm Rick. I want to be for who you're from, Aliyah.
Yeah.
I'm going by that.
That's any type of...
Okay, like he said.
560-560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Your people just can't control themselves.
I think the FCC ought to find them.
You know what I'm saying?
Bring them down here and just at least slap them a little bit on the buttocks.
560-570, are we going to have another one of those days today?
Oh, not like yesterday.
Please.
Not that was just tooth pulling time.
I noticed manage was a smoking yesterday.
And it's usually the other way around.
For whatever reason as great as he is, manage is always your pumpin' those numbers
and pumpin' those numbers.
They were foaming at them off.
I think it was that 99 Jamsting is what put them over the top.
Okay, we finally have a female.
Finally.
Now, I don't want to gross you out, but this is a screw magazine.
And please look at it with a sense of humor.
Don't be offended before you even take a look at it.
Okay, great.
Ha-ha-ha!
Yeah.
And...
Oh, I love it.
That's great.
Alright, God bless you, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Let's hear it, huh?
Alright.
Around Goldstein.
There you go.
You see, we don't have all these prudes running around like you think.
We got some people here with a little bit of a sense of humor.
Oh, how the hell am I going to do this?
Yeah.
Oh, this board is such a piece of dirt outside of the joke.
It's a tinkertoy.
Thanks, Greg.
Yeah, maybe that's where they got the toys, Arrus.
Because that's where Greg bought all the equipment for the studio.
It toys Arrus.
Maybe that's where they got that.
God confused up there at the FCC.
Because this...
All of it is in here is like basically a tinkertoy.
And by the way, it started a little warm in here again.
You notice that?
Maybe we'll have to check that thing over there on the wall and crank it down.
Just when the air had been working so fantastically well in here,
they after they was like a meat locker in here.
Here's sunrise.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
You know, this Kennedy thing, this is not really the subject.
I don't want to get on per se, but...
They need to get kind of...
Love the effect in that actor's death.
What is it?
I think they need to get away with this Kennedy thing.
Actually, there's a couple things I want to say real quick if I can't,
but the Kennedy thing.
I think they need just to get over it and stuff.
Yeah, you said that four times already.
And what was the other thing you wanted to say about it?
Oh, I was wondering.
You know, when you guys pay the cards from the bulk of Brian?
Yeah.
And I haven't really paid attention to it exactly,
but when...
Yeah.
Sometimes you're like a...
Roy or a ride or something like that.
Is that like...
Roy!
Exactly.
Yeah.
You guys do it like...
Like...
Roy!
You guys do it for the moment or...
Is it like...
It's already taped.
It's already logged in.
It's all automated.
Roy!
Roy!
Roy!
Roy!
And in closing on, first of all, I love your show.
Roy!
And all that...
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
There you go.
In closing on.
I have no control over it.
It's a programmed inner.
I have a little request.
I was wondering if you could place up in this...
If it'll help your condition, I'm delighted to.
What is it?
Steve Cain.
Somebody's talking with Steve Cain on the...
It's kind of long.
It's talking with Steve Cain on the radio.
yeah or your a steve can listener now now i'm a nil listener for yeah
honestly and um because i don't think anybody out of the age of a hundred new
steve can was to be honest with it yeah i'm ever used to call a mr ego or
yes there you go now you're starting to make it come back that's right
and um whatever happened to the pig reports that if we break in your
colonies about it or the fcc made a stop doing those uh
of course we'll have a great day pal and uh take take two of
just come just come to which your problem is okay it's uh ten before ten
before eleven o'clock you and Tommy just came in he's uh contested number seven
and he's paying he just what his pants he has to go changes underwear
looking at the a screw magazine page there the fish food at see it's too bad we
don't have whammy just for 30 seconds okay in fact i might have put us over
the top if we were to have this page i think that might have put that there
all we have yeah they would show that they wouldn't know why we had to block
out the penis and the nipple on the breast but of course it's in
screw magazines so it's all in their graphic and of course it is really
disgusting and it's nauseating
Tommy sirthly just had to change his underwear again
he called June Allison for new supply and a pen
she and i was a little bit reluctant to even talk about it because uh all these
all the american public are supposedly so uptight about this it's such a sensitive
thing but here it is it's a week later it's not like he just died
it's a week later we can't all be a psychotic as these crazy people on cn
oh here we go they're playing the violin what is wrong with you people
anybody who believes that this is appropriate coverage that's still going on
today is one week after the playing went down who believes that this is
brought believe me you need to check into a mental
institution to get yourself some help before it's too late
what you're really saying is that my life your life anybody's life has gotten
the meaning but if your last name is Kennedy or the media decided that you were
somebody famous and glamorous therefore the whole world should be shedding
tears and we should be having a collective nervous breakdown and ping in our
pants which we're only doing over the alcohol sting thing
and by the way thank you well because he wasn't going to put anything in there
about uh the candidates and you remember he called here a couple days ago
remember that i sure do and he said i gave him the courage to put that thing
in there and be as tasteless as he wants to be just like luther Campbell always
said as tasteless as i want to be and we said all right oh see now that's
timing by the way you notice how i always talk up those things we're good
oh here's sam by the way now let's see if sam takes a look here sam is contested
number eight sam is looking at the page page 16 in the
August 2nd screw magazine
they just look don't pocky with it don't play with it just look at it
just read it or have somebody have somebody read it to you would be good
yeah i see he's trying to control it but he he's got a smirk on it he's
trying to control himself but he likes it he liked it try to put on you know
mr. cool mr. swav i know the important people oh i never told the ricky
martin's story by the way about the a plane trip to a frankfurge
germany yeah this is verified by an employee of the
airline i won't mention which airline at the ricky was flying to go to a
frankfurge some weeks ago sitting in first class of course
with his boyfriend and on the plane with everybody else on air guess maybe nobody
was paying attention and i really sure but it goes to show he's not all that
up tighten concern because they were exchanging kisses on the plane
how do you like that little small it's a European thing you know maybe it's
kissing on both cheeks maybe one of the guys had a snake bite yeah maybe he
was trying to kiss it naked back home feel up and feel good and it's
cheek too five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one
line here's tamarack hello
morning yes sir well i have a lot of respect for your hockey knowledge but this
time i really have to disagree with you on this jigsmeet Arnold now you're the first one we had
we had six thousand calls yesterday and he all said he sucks he's all tired i'm going to tell
you this i was a ranger fan for 25 years back in new york and i've had big dishes the small
dishes yeah i watch hundreds of hockey you probably think i'm gonna take a place
like this is yeah just like you when i will tell you that when the rangers used to play the
island as i would turn off the ranger telecast and put on the island of telecast
oh my god oh boy i thought that he was just an outstanding an answer then and i you know
now i'll ask you how much the tory pay you to make this call come on you can tell us
that's just a zero but yeah no i really think that i disagree with that i think you really
use outstanding and i think outstanding i i don't i think he's one of the better ones and i
put him up there with ember and koi thinks one of the best i like january at up and buffalo
you're putting him in the same category with rick january
putting jigs mcdonald in the same category with with rick january and mike lang and joe bowen
oh my god oh i think he's better than mike lang he's better than mike lang
i read him but i is in line remember when the guy woke up with a horse is heading this bed in the
godfather like that that's how i feel right now okay well i hope you enjoy him pal well i think
the fans down here he's about a thousand percent better than what then christina i'll go along
with that i won't you won't get any argument on that they could have brought in a dead man then
he would have been better than christina more i i think the fans are going to enjoy okay give him a
chance okay thanks pal okay there's a guy like jigs mcdonald let's hear it for jigs okay
let's not make it into a racial thing though he likes the jigs five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty when he said he was better than mike lang at that point i just started the my
stomach started making gurgling sounds you know and rich in a red if he would have said they've
been out of this guy i hate it from New York so he probably doesn't know joe bowen but if he
would have said that rick that the jigs mcdonald is better than joe bowen at that point i might have
gotten a little bit violent i have horror violence but i might have had to make an exception at that
point you know what i'm saying five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here another quiet day another quiet Friday in a big city we're just waiting here it is an hour
the show has gone by if we got any more information about that let's find from the fcc no does anybody
in this organization the way thing about it no they come running in here to tell me about it no
but that did bring my my paycheck which is a lot more important he said here's your paycheck and by
the way i took a peek at it it'll more than cover that fine thanks a lot tough here's a mobile
and hi alia hello hi my name is new yeah how you doing all right all right listen um has that
that scumbag from uh st. Louis called you uh since uh he called his ass off now he's probably
busy playing with himself while he's got it turned up as loud as it'll go he's probably
anxious right now oh my god see how they just they just can't they just can't say it quite
exactly right you don't understand there's just a way you got to say it man it's the sofa king
don't you understand not whatever you just said you got to put the affento in the room no you have
to stay at the way to post them could be the sofa queen the sofa king the sofa prince the sofa store
man get with it okay you got it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line as we try to whip him up into a frenzy so we tried everybody we haven't had anybody
to build a unit that was nice going there al
oh
the tarry show
the film the green
time
the film my big red show
the film
the film my show
the film
the film
the film
something bothering you in the spa
yeah i say that i have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans
i find their illogic and foolish emotions are constant irritants
unlike you we humans are full of unpredictable emotions
love
hinders
yes
don't be afraid
it's my hat
oh no
you're beautiful
more beautiful than any dream or beauty have ever known
what is your point this is fun
just me
you know you're mine
cross-effective here to try to fix you in one more year
you don't really want to hurt me do you
with that thing away
no i don't think so
oh
i mean
can
just ping this and break
oh
i'm very good by second officer's spot
possible in my effort to wrong you two point
yes very well captive
right again
pleases you
what are you waiting for her
if you excuse the intrusion captain
worry about you
inappropriate choice in terms of
i feel so weak
glad to miss us
part
coming
out
if you hate me discreetly
i have even had no flesh
i've enjoyed it
believe me with this rot
it was painful
in more ways than one
i don't know why i have not been infected
thank you mr. spot
from both of us
i
don't know three of five fifty wqm
so we're getting about fifty thousand calls already from people
wanting to where they can buy scoomagazine
do we know where they can buy scoomagazine
no we got to find out some new stands where they carry scoomagazine
in fact you're just putting in a call through to
al was probably on our way right now
you know people that eat that much they sleep till about one or two in the
afternoon
because their metabolism is all scoota
but we're going to try to find out where to help we can get scoomagazine
for i know that if you check www.scoomagazine.com
is it calmer or what whatever the hell it is either one
that they've got a website but whether it's on it or not we don't know is he
there is he on it
is this the fat one
and uh... joys and i lower the radio
yeah lower the radio you're on the air fat so
fat fat fat
fat acting like some kind of amateur were you
you're the guy who encouraged me
that's oh thank god finally we get a little credit on this show
thank you so much
we're going to have you when one can't done it
that's right
you know i was you know i was having you know the guy had been a real
whimdened and a plus i'm sorry for china
you said you can't see
well i didn't do dianne when she died i really
whimped out
why not
because i was sensitive
you know what i think
listen to me i want to it's not too late because the timing would be good
even though that was a year and whatever the hell was two years ago
you still can now the timing is good because the media is going crazy there's
still hacking away with this thing on it right now
on cnn with the so the uh... services
all the networks are covering it too so now would be great for the diand i think
it's like you could put them side by side
i have a
action
the
uh... i have a judge a fk
junior or you would narrow them on row
yeah
and i had anyone who quote lately
but then what thing is
if you don't feel as if it's my gumbry in their place i like to
please
you have been so
yeah
yeah and that's so brilliant and you encourage me
and i have been a would you would you would you like to pick this with free
uh...
am in the i get that actually crystal but it's at the good enough price
that was what rip 18 ninety five
three
but i was so excited
i don't even have the issue
but i just call my uh... my uh... uh... editor i haven't had time you did a great
job because uh... because uh... a meal is laughing
yeah and i am thrilled
now i think everybody in a building male female infantile and juvenile they're all
laughing all pink in their pants is it i think i hope you hit the jackpot in
addition to which you do understand that if it would have been for me you would have
never known the fish food from what you put in the first place
uh... yes and that's why when i get the phone in holland and the fish food three
blocks my apartment
i'm stoned
and i eat three pints
and that's why i've gained a pound of angineal
uh...
however i've had a detect
but you know what you see the ceremony we're going to throw for you sweet art
yeah
the issue you have is on film one day in a dope book shop
not to be commercial but it's a visit the website school is on every every day
so it's a
group of dot com
they get through every day in my tb show me that we know i sucked up to you
even though i'm talking about how i still did you better
and you're sucking up to connaissance
at least how was got an audience okay connaissance brown what you're stuck at
the info
and i have a
baby
get on the time green show there's a guy with an audience that would buy your
say my least on a
be complex crypt
who need a
longing
you know i'll be doing
i might as well
that
if unite
in fact something
unluckish public cake
Shangulous in desperate
and
by the way rose tells me that you wanna make
you really know the so heavy day that
you
as kesy
and then
so
am i
Look at me if they go on a website now is the whole magazine on there?
Yes Monday.
Oh, it's another one that's not on a website today.
No, no, because you have the advanced copy.
If you have the printed Thursday and it goes on film next Monday.
So what?
I don't book stores will have the actual copy.
And only adult bookstores?
Yeah, yeah, because they want a order.
So what if they want a order one?
Would you, would you mail?
Sure, sure.
Can I give them the address?
Please.
I'll be just obvious in the uptose,
they're getting ready for Conan now.
Of course.
That's a good thing.
Yeah, I know.
Oh, yeah.
I know it.
Oh, I know.
Oh, that's good.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah, I've got 43 West 24th Street.
And all for the stock.
43 West 24th Street.
New York City.
Just write a pension out.
Go see $10.5.
What in New York City?
What about, does it have a zip code?
It's $10010.
And they should send me $5.
Cash, I don't declare it.
And I'll send them to copies.
Give me cash, because I can go right in my hot dog.
So don't be checked if it's, you know,
I a rental track.
43 West 24th Street.
New York City.
$10010.
Send $5.
I'll send them to copies.
Yeah.
I'll mail it out within 24 hours,
because I'll be in New York City.
Okay.
I'll mail something.
I'm going to lay down a challenge to you, okay?
Yes.
I want you.
You know who I want you to be always?
Forget about Howard and Conan O'Brien and Tom Green.
I want you to be always.
Don't be sure.
I'm going to be the first to die.
Larry King.
I was with Larry Saturday night.
Yeah.
You're a little bit, you love to make fun of me, because I'm fat.
I went to, I remember the prize, I was voted down six times.
In LA, I'm a prize.
So I went to a Milton Burles 91st birthday.
Yeah.
Where I feel young at the prize.
I read about that.
Saturday night, Larry King was with the host and Steve Allen is on piano.
Yeah.
So, so, uh,
Oh, that's just Steve Allen's a big fan of yours.
He's, he's to be my hero now.
He wants to clean up everybody's head.
You know, that's gotta go to work for the FCC him in the word police.
It's very sad because he's the only guy who gave Lenny proof the shot.
Right.
And I shook his hand.
I said, I know you hate my work.
He said, yes, I do.
But I shook his hand anyway, because Lyell Stewart was a fat publisher.
As you know, Steve, when put him in chapter 11, because Lyell Alleges is mafia and for
it.
So, uh, but the Lyell said that Steve, uh, that the Steve Allen's very generous and will
tend to poor people money.
So, I congratulate the, I struck up the scene.
So, maybe you'll get a show on that.
You know, you never know.
Oh, I get it.
Firstly, I want to, I forget about Larry King being the host.
I want to see you weasel your way in and have him, because you know, he has had Larry
Flynn on the show.
But no, you see, I blew my surprise about an award a three years ago.
I, uh, I sued, uh, uh, Larry King because he booked me and then there was a Sunday night
he had Elvis Presley's cousin and they said they didn't have time for me.
I had to come back.
So, I took Larry King.
This more claims with a $400 for my plane fare.
I won the $400 as I'm blacklisted.
So, more to think it gets, why have I never been politically incorrect?
Because Bill Maher is a low life SOB.
That's a bad show.
You wouldn't want to be on that show.
Why would you do that?
No, no, no.
Come on.
I, I, I, I, I, I got to win this the opening.
No, I, I never, I never met a thing to show I didn't like.
And I'll trade those off her fish food, by the way.
Oh, fish food is so good.
Okay.
You mentioned he's loose late.
This is down great.
I got to run out of bite.
Okay.
Go back to the K-Y.
I'll see.
Thank you.
Okay.
There you go.
I'm, I'm really distraught because these people want it now.
They want to see it today.
I don't want to lose something over the weekend.
And I'm the one, and this is very sad.
Here's the guy in his old age and his advanced age.
He's starting to winp out.
He's starting to suck up the people he doesn't even like.
And he's starting to, uh, to whistify a little bit.
He didn't want to put this thing in.
I'm the one that had to put him a, convincing to do this.
And he didn't put the Diana thing in there.
The Diana thing would have been a natural.
Can you do it?
You can conjure up all the things, Prince Charles, with just the ear sticking out with his head
in there.
I mean, just all the different things you can imagine, you know?
But he'll work on it.
Butching up a tired old fat, you man.
That's what we're doing on this show.
10 past besides me.
10 past 11 at 560 WQAM.
Hey, by the way, I got a big editorial here from the Suncendle today.
It says, cigars need warning labels.
How do you like that?
I'll get into that in a minute.
Oh, yeah.
The Suncendle gambling is evil.
Cigars are evil reading their newspapers has it.
It's your health.
You know, something screw him.
If you like a good cigar, go to Nick's.
They'll tell you to them.
Okay.
They'll tell you any kind of a great cigar you like.
They got those Cuban bullets and those in men's toes and those brand new
predominant reserves and predominant squared.
Which, yeah, where the hell are they?
By the way, do you put those away?
Some of them are going to die.
Oh, thank God for that.
Went into a cool sweat because you know how niggerly they are with the cigars
to us.
Down at nigs.
Oh, nicks.
Huh?
So they're a little niggerly with their cigars.
Not like that other place used to be where they sent boxes and boxes.
I think what really happens is that probably the people I sent over here
like penis and then an alkyd, they still have them.
It's Friday, you best.
Capital records is proud to present the Elvis album.
Everyone's been waiting for it's Elvis in Seattle.
I don't mind feeling breath.
Rollin' the mouth of dick of dance.
I'm gettin' hungry.
I hear it.
Give me a cheeseburger, man.
And see if the cold guy left the resign.
I'm gettin' hungry.
That's right.
The King of Rock and Roll.
It's playing the King's old.
And you've got a front rope ticket.
A little tear of me spoke.
And in class today.
Elvis covers all the great Seattle bands.
Girl Jam, Sound Garden, and the one that started it all.
They're by that.
Oh man.
I'm a lot of old.
My mosquito.
My libido.
Elvis is very well and rocking Seattle.
Only on capital records in Tane.
Massaged.
There's some kiddos.
Mass and propose.
Man potatoes.
Love it, girl.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
I'm John McIntyre.
And then they got here.
If you want a copy of the report on cigar smoking call 877-382-4357
or check out the FTC internet website, www.fascism.com.
Isn't this great?
Same people that are always, you know, we're not reading the newspaper for a lecture.
You know, I hate to break the news to you.
We're not looking for a lecture.
We're looking for information, news, amusement, sports, scores, whatever we're looking at it for.
Not to be told how to live our lives and about how casino gambling is evil.
And cigars are evil.
And cigarettes are evil.
Blues is evil too.
Should we outlaw that?
Let's go back to prohibition again.
And like I said yesterday, sugars kill a lot more people than cigars.
And cigarettes put together.
Should we outlaw that?
Yeah.
Everything's going to be illegal if we leave it up to the goody two shoes in our local newspapers here.
What a bunch of assholes.
I say let's have Al Goldstein put out a daily newspaper here and say goodbye to the Harold Anderson Sentinel.
I say for people with a sense of humor.
Haven't had one person yet had the cajon yet to go and I'm sure they heard me describe this ad this phony ad in screw magazine.
Ben and Jerry's Kennedy flavored extra chunky fish food with Carolyn and JFK juniors heads on top of the fish food with body parts.
Now one person is called yet to say it's disgusting and tasteless and the fact that you're talking about on here promoting it is even more disgusting and tasteless and we're revolted nauseated.
I don't hear that.
I bet you my aunt would call him say that, but she's probably watching the services right now.
You may there was definitely ambivalence and the baby boom generation.
Oh yeah, there we go again with the baby boom generation like I see what I've said yet.
I know what it's all about.
The media compartmentalizes everybody.
All these phony made cliches.
You're a baby boomer.
You're a generation X there.
You're an asshole.
You're whatever you know.
Bullcrap.
You're a human being.
And the year that you were born doesn't determine your attitudes or behavior or whether you're a decent person or a scumbag.
Okay, but the media will never believe that because you're a baby boomer.
The only boomer I know used to play football.
Here's a parrying.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
You were right.
There was a call boomer in that phoning console.
Yes sir.
Really?
I was calling because I watched some of that thing on the Kennedy's, the other nine on PBS.
And you had a number to get the tape.
I didn't get to see it all.
I'd love to get the number you could take.
I got it George.
The 800 number.
Okay, we'll dig it out for.
I'll give it to you as soon as it's your to get some of the put on.
Okay, also just in passing.
I guess I'm one of the baby boomers as a refer to a mental.
Oh!
I remember Kennedy when he got...
and whatever.
But the idea was that what is his son ever done?
Nothing.
Right, thank you.
Have a nice day.
Okay, what's that number?
I'll give this guy a chance to pick up an instrument.
800.
1-800-328-328-7271.
The American Experience, the Kennedy's.
The American Experience, the Kennedy's.
328-7271.
Is that correct?
1-800-328-7271?
Okay, so there you go, sir.
And like I said, it was well done.
I saw the second part, Tuesday night, the two hours on PBS.
It's a four hour thing all together.
Well done because it was objective.
And it wasn't one of these gushy pieces where they romanticized
and this whole catalog business and all that sort of bull crap.
I mean, if these people were your heroes, that's fine.
I like JFK and RFK too.
That was great, Entetty.
But they're human beings.
They're not royalty.
They're stuff still stinks.
And they're mortal human beings that do a lot of grotesque,
non-acceptable things and think they can get away with anything.
And also, like we keep telling you, royalty is a British thing.
And we'll always laugh at them for doing it.
And we fought like war to, so we don't have to have that here.
So we don't have to have a guy named King ruling over us.
But in the meantime, people are like still.
It's just amazing to me.
Every time I think, okay, this is it.
They threw the ashes out there at sea.
They had five hours of that chip sitting out there yesterday.
And I think to myself, this has got to be the end.
They can't possibly find any reason, any justification dragging this out anymore.
And you know what?
Surprise!
Yeah, they got Karen Carpenter on there now saying we've only just begun.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello?
Hey, Noah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Godfather, question.
Yeah.
Who won?
Well, first of all, I wasn't the name of the guy that they said the fence brought in
to testify against Michael Corleone and Godfather too.
The next question is here.
The old man.
Very cute.
Fentanzially.
Yeah, Frankie, fantangely, right?
Now, Michael was in with, was that his brother?
Yeah.
It was between the brothers.
Yeah, what was that all about?
Well, they had the brother.
In other words, they brought the brother in from the old country and they had a hold of him.
And obviously, the old man, Frankie, fantangely, spilled the beans.
The brother was going to flee to the fishes, you know?
Yeah, I got you.
I got you.
It's always something new when you watch that movie.
Or both of them.
Right.
I didn't know no Godfather.
I was in the olive oil business with this father.
And who killed Fredo?
Who was it out in the pose that killed Fredo?
There was El Niri, I think.
What's in it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
They're pulsing.
They're pulsing.
When aots shoot, they're pulsing.
That's Prov Henceeanay saving.
We have dialed devicestype from the top giving a charged sender domestically.
Are you happy with them?
what was the significant to that what's the big deal with that
i was you know i mean if you would have done it spontaneously would have made
it more uh... dramatic i guess a more but what was the great significant
to that
and i think you know everybody was supposed to feel sorry for the kids let me
ask you this question does anybody
formulate an opinion about you based on something you did when you were three
years old
i don't think so when you meet somebody do ask them let me ask you there anything
you did when you were like three or four years old i would impress me so i can
like
i don't know past judgement of what kind of a person you are
exactly
i'm a face of it is idiotic it's a sign
well you could see what was coming from him i mean jackie
she she literally almost
back to face that's your question is hand down and put it up and then it
within about two seconds the crows fingers up and pull it away he didn't know
what he was doing
i think we need to just give him a nickname maybe uh... crash you think
yeah
a crash can be crash can be cut it has a ring to it
don't say the boomer pal is only one boomer
i would like to
see
you know i'm just waiting here and of course uh... women out there out at
disgusting we wouldn't talk to him when we feel that he's so disgusting in
this respectful and these were wonderful people and they never saw a freight
train how do you know
i guarantee you that would have been booze on it the old man would have stolen it
five six seven oh five sixty and probably teddy would have drank it you know
i'm saying
that i don't like him but he's got a little bit of a problem there
which is why he's so read in the post
i want to start in about drunken irishman again okay they get real up
tight about that
it just goes with the territory they can't help it
like the people from cissly it's in their blood they can't help that thing
with their nose keeps going off the side
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t in t line here's a
mobile in Miami hello
yes sir
your alcohol smell
okay great thank you thanks for a arc there's a rating on my
and thanks for listening to five sixty wq a
glad that yours doesn't sir i'm pleased maybe
maybe could send it over to us okay we could examine it
and find out whether his
rectum really stinks or not
maybe he's related to the Kennedys and the stuff doesn't think that could be
since i made his stand by and steam for so freaking understand
where everything is held to the high so freaking standards the selection is
in just huge it's so fucking huge believe me you'll never shop anywhere else
and so for king's prices on just low they're so fucking low you'll never find
them anywhere else isn't to me when i say so for king as a beautiful store i mean
so for king beautiful when i get a staff is helpful i mean so freaking helpful listen to me
get to know the so for king and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge
a stack that's so fucking courteous and prices that are so fucking low you'll never
shop anywhere else but don't take it for me take it from satisfied customer frank and
sign so fucking good you said fronkey so but king good okay it's all the 31 to
5.67 what is it at 5.60 wdq way i'm a little bit hyper now because they're
getting the exciting news that somebody just called it on the website what is it
the R&R website the FCC website oh the FCC's got a website all right oh right
they've got a lot of information on the website but they don't have any
information with their attorneys there or as our people just stupid is that
uh-huh so this uh-inter that this fine that we're supposedly getting or allegedly is for
something we played last may not this past may but may have 98 and the complaint wasn't filed in my
mirror anywhere in south Florida it was over there on a west coast in four mires and it wasn't
filed against wqa m5 60 it was filed against wqa m770 which used to be wwc and the beastly station
the beastly people are the ones we're gonna have to deal with this all right like that
and we still don't know what the what's uh-pieces of material it was how do you like that
so we've obviously got some ojn provocateur over there on a west coast now who's got
very serious problems and no life great all we're starting to get a little slowly but surely
leave it to us to have to piece this together because our management they're all going around
the lawyers the FCC lawyers the general manager the program director they're all going
okay and by the way who's this jigsmeek Donald guy here's the mobile in Miami hello
hello yes sir it's the Roger's how are you great you know one thing i've heard you talk about it
that's fun past business you know i'm not a framer call last week and now they're sending me a
bill in the mail that he ran through and didn't pay the bill i talked about it channel four did a
piece on it Gary Nelson went through the thing and a third of the time that he went through there
it didn't work yeah i'm sitting here man i'm telling what i'm gonna do i'm gonna take a picture
by checking send down the down bill for it you know and send them to check to okay
have a good day good luck sir whatever you said by the way like i said there's nobody in town so
next Thursday would be a great day to have an election right so we have like maybe about a hundred
people vote and 95 of them be from date county on somebody's being paid off no doubt to vote yes
if you do live in date county by the way your registered voter and happen to be going to be here
next Thursday no no be a good idea to keep in mind no no no over and over again vote early off
and get your dead relatives vote two or three times just to make sure that's beyond the safe side
because you know they'll be trying to rig it on the other side five six seven oh five six the
pound five six the on the AT&T line here's the mobile in four-letter deal hello
Neil how you doing okay sir hey two things first off i kind of feel a little sorry for that
car have who happens like jigs McDonald but i mean let me tell you i grew up in New York and i was
a ranger fan and i would much rather listen to jd and sam rose in any day over jigs
yeah sam rose jd never let him speak but sam is good now they're pretty good and i mean i don't
know why he'd shut off the rangers announcer soliciting the idea that's well maybe maybe like that
beard maybe he had a thing for me i mean i don't know maybe he's got a jigs McDonald blow up now
i've you know something you know what a hockey fan i am i have never spoken to anybody who thought
jigs McDonald was good ever he's a very nice guy i mean i've talked to people who know him i know
in a little bit he's a great guy but he's just uh boring exactly on a vision of which he's never
done a radio now you know as well as i do they're doing hockey on a radio requires a great
way more description than doing television he's never done radio before and i have a lot of
friends who are big honor fans and they couldn't stand him up in New York and now we now we have to
get him down here in Florida as a girl boy you know can it's a game but i'll secondly hey you know
if it's my playing with a little one time out there you know who'd be out there searching for me
probably my parents and my girlfriend in a rowboat right you know and you know really makes me sick is
you know i turn to the news for a few minutes last night and of course they're still showing this
garbage on there and and i got sick of my stomach when i saw all these people waiting outside of
his apartment i might have been too nice to go and they're crying and he meant so much stuff i mean
they didn't know they've been based on what i know they didn't know this man they didn't they never
you know man manage had a great point yesterday he was saying in Florida where people are generally
so unfriendly most people don't even know their neighbor's names you know next door or two doors
down should even speak to them and here's somebody who's a total stranger and they're crying
and they're crying and they're emotional and they're hysterical and they're schlepping up there in
New York with flowers to the house i i'm sorry i just don't get it i don't get it either i mean i don't
know if they have a big void in their life if they don't have anything going on in their lives
and their lives are totally based on on synthetic symbolism you can't live your life based on symbols
they have to live in a real world yeah i mean it was a sad situation and you know it's a
trouble thing to happen but you know what you move on a life and you know another thing is i
don't think these people maybe they haven't experienced any kind of death or you know i need
their friends or family dying uh you know it's weird it's kind of like really related real quick to uh
i mean i've had some some tragedy in my life i'm 30 but my girlfriend she's in her 20s and her
grandmother's 94 and she tells me well my grandmother dies i don't know what i'm going to do
i think listen she lived a full life you got to be kidding me you're gonna harp on it and let it
you know and sit there you're gonna be sad for a while but then you move on right i think a lot
of people can't really feel i have a motto that life is for the living if you're still alive you go
on and you live your life you can't cycle i mean i'm not sure you can mourn for loved ones and so on
but there has to be a limited amount of time and then you have to go on and live in your life
what are you gonna live your life and and just uh sitting there feeling sorry for your song i mean
it's come on it's a joke it's such a joke and and the media doing this whole thing it just uh
i guess they feed on these people okay don't say feed on these people that's a bad choice of words
have a great day pal baby i'm gonna start to think about the fish food thing again five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty so maybe the reason that they can't find this thing is because the
FCC find if there really is one is against wdwcn and not against wqam since i'm sure that the FCC
doesn't consider it even though they call it they call it uh qam seven seventy but that's not what
going around going like uh like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line of course that would teach those beesleens the thing or two to just throw
this thing on the air over there in four mires with all those repressive right wingers over there
that would teach him a lesson or two and not to even pay us for putting this material on the
air over there in four mires but nevertheless in fact i don't see any calls coming in from four
mires now defending the kind of behavior of some of your cohorts over there some of your
type goodies shoes shoes uh pussy assholes which of course we went off the air for a while there
because they had to put some religious fanatic on there who couldn't pay for a show anymore
and then all of a sudden by poppins of demand we had to go back on again in four mires
here's kibis gain hello hey nail yes sir wouldn't wouldn't they say that a lot of gas money
and a lot of time and energy if they just left them in the water were they crashed
yeah because didn't they throw their ashes back in the water that's right i mean and what's
going to happen when any carter dies are we're going to have to go through this again no nobody
cares about her he he's very ugly too by the way what wouldn't you think that one of the
major channels you know non-cable channels would have the guts to the have the ingenuity to do
something different no no you got a great card about the media uh it's a lady saying something
about the media the media is sick and you help badly yeah amen and that's tanny fey by the way
that's not any lady even she knows that then everybody should know it have a great day account
bye yeah that's why i'm stuck with mtv and much music man over and over and over again
because oh and you know what i didn't do i was gonna find i was gonna do a poll and find out
which uh see if you're a town green fan from back in the days when he was on comedy network
i think i'm gonna do that for you
see the pinkie open i guess i guess they want to do it but uh you know both sounds or whatever
but they've shortened it down on mtv they've cleaned it up it's a lot more crisp and clear but
nevertheless i thought the open was much better before in comedy uh
so
for say it's a lot cleaner come
so
so
being just the opening of a cracks me up i don't know about you if you watch the time green show
but just the opening cracks me up and the older one i wish they would bring it back
it was longer it was better
yes it's sick and it's hot garbage
by the way the sun's level said nothing about mirrorless
there we go hey y'all my name is trans and you gene Thomas
transibushes and hominy for this supreme part and you know there's a lot of people that
they think just uh i spoke a little bit of water when i was in college and it wasn't
enjoyed well maybe it's a gosh adieu i know remember y'all
they don't think i'm fit to be on the supreme car
yeah i got to much let's do this quick and get out of here i want to set y'all straight
when i start reviewing the law i don't just review the law
there y'all i've been token and i've been token to the east and i've been token to the west
and i've been token why don't i look up sender day oh god i'll dress oh right i've been token
ha ha ha ha let's go bird one yeah
there's a sun sentinel says the guards need warning labels but it says nothing about weed so i
guess that's okay yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless lines
we keep plotting along here desperately trying to squeeze a little bit energy a little bit of
something out of this little targic town we're working on it we got six hundred open lines now
let's see if we can't light a couple up do you think so any chance no here's sunrise hello
hi Neil yes sir you know the Kennedys are moving on they wasted no time in the clean night in the body
yeah you know but these people you know i guess these are the same type of people that would follow
Jim Jones into the uh right that's right fact most of them are saying it's pretty hot out here
they can we have some coolies but to be a Christian evangelist i mean the Irish church yesterday
i bet they have plate was full yeah i mean big time oh yeah this is good business man they had
the thousand that was an overflow crowd they were spilling out on the streets they had heard
nursing and spill the wine and today too they got florist on the corner they said five blocks away
selling flowers by uh by the church this this is an act of mass insanity what's going on today i
mean i don't care what anybody tries to tell me to try to rationalize it this is an act of mass
lunacy i've been called by my family a man they said you have no compassion this is what i've
been told this week me i said boy because i'm not a nut compassion for what for somebody that we
didn't even know who didn't affect our lives in virtually anyway that's what i said he was a
public figure you know in the sense he was famous because you're the famous family yeah i said
brother than that yeah i feel sorry that the young man died but other than that what's the what's
the big timis no let's go to the beach and smoke some pot all right there you go and a subtle
signal says it's okay by the way thank you okay go right ahead you know what i'm saying you're on
cigars are bad cigarettes are bad but the wicked way that's okay because you those if you use the right
wrappers and if you listen to the right wrappers like madditch was yesterday then you're gonna be all right
five six seven old wva m yeah margate okay hold on let's go to margate hello hey Neil yes sir
you know since when there's a pilot who dies and kills other people not get off top seat for drugs
and they they immediately they can't even the Kennes don't do stuff like that so that's
what happened yeah a k a chap acquittal how's Mary Jo doing by the way yeah exactly exactly all right
Neil and i also by the way how's Marilyn doing let's see it's not big of that can't work okay so let's
speak have a great day how's poor Marilyn Monroe doing anybody no five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line goes to show you the passage of time they like to glamorize
everything and make it so much more romantic and so much more wonderful and glamorous and
i got news for it wasn't it was a time a period of time when the young people were optimistic when
there was some hope when we had a lot of idealism and that's all gone 31 years ago and if this kid
was such a symbol of it to so many millions of people and well what have they been doing if they
read a book no mean if they uh they have any idea what's going on no no they're just living in
in a time warp here's Naples hello hello Neil yes happy Friday and back to you sir what happened 31
years ago bobby kennedy got assessed in it June 6 1968 okay because you mentioned you know
oh by the way i look seven so i don't know what the you know the suit is about but i
well like today i'm listening to you on seven seventy because it's cloudy but you know usually
on five sixty you think you get christian bachelors before you these two guys do a Howard wannabe
show and i mean they're really gross really big and then five o'clock into hanker manage who
was ever there comes this kind of like sports guy who's just like kind of he pushes the envelope
and he think it's i mean so many these christian ladies just go berserk so i i don't know what the
suit is but they do a lot of provocative stuff and for these you know everyone here migrate it from
the Midwest yeah so i mean like they're just like so much of the two shoes yeah religious but back
to this uh Robert kennedy thing you know like you sold a documentary you know okay you know all
i want to say what okay i kind of like jack a little and i've had a lot and i like that a lot
yeah what did you like about robber what did i like about him yeah was the fact that he came from
he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth right and he was i'm Joe McCarthy's the kid right
that's right but he got away from that he went after the mob he went after Jimmy Hoffa he did a
complete turnaround he actually started to get some real serious values he started to empathize with
the with minorities and with the poor when martin lukeher king got killed for the next couple of
months that he was alive when he was running for president the primaries he was like the one last
great hope for all of these people i mean you know he really did a tremendous uh evolutionary turnaround
from where he started from where the from where the old man was to where he wound up i have to
agree uh with that but um feel nepotism uh kind of fit in there i mean i mean only the Kennedys would
have had and they said that in that piece of the night only the kennedy family would have had the
hutba for jfk to name his brother is it turned in general nobody else would have had the balls to do
that well not to mention what about the the piece that was a great piece what what about the fact that
Joe you know well well i mean once you start mentioning Joe you're talking about Joe McCarthy
and the Henry Cavett Lodge who was running against uh Ken uh junior who was running against Kennedy
for the senate right uh Joe McCarthy would not go to you know uh go to bed with him and Kennedy
just like very slimly um you know one that election right but um i guess i so to speak what we know
we don't know that could have been a fixed election too i mean we're finding out as time goes on
there more damn fixed elections in this country that you shake your thing in but the point is we
got the same thing happening now with this bush factor yeah it's it's all you know like name
recognition and the family and all right that's right um you know most people in this country don't
have any idea what George W. Bush stands for on any of the issues and you're every time they take
a poll oh yeah he's great we're all for a bush bush you know america loves bush well the
fascinating thing about his father would very which very few people know is that he was the president
of plant parenthood in Texas he was like the number one baby killer you know like uh if if anybody
researched this in six months uh before you know he accepted denomination he went pro choice
because he wanted to be vice the only reason Reagan picked him as vice president he said hey listen
man you gotta go pro light I mean if that's not the most umptuous most hypocritical thing yeah
so and everybody thinks that George W now it's just such a it's it's so static it's pathetic and
and what about Joe and this anti-semitism i mean here's a guy who okay he had money he got into
horror well why are we rehashing all of this i mean everybody knows that by now it's been on
50 million times in the last week he was a virulent anti-semite who never met a nut not he didn't like
and don't confuse these two they keep flashing these pictures on air of the whole Kennedy clan with
the old man in the middle of everything and everybody's like oh oh you know i don't ask me man i
can't explain it to you don't confuse the public with the facts you feel a lot better i well i
that'll uh that'll uh and give our regards to the beesleaks by the way the oh the beesleaks
yeah there you go have a great day the beeslees well it sure will be something it's noon it's just
a few minutes before noon and here we are well into the day we still have we found anything out
yet about this FCC thing that's an R&R i bet you everybody else in a business knows what it's really
all about but for some reason our people are still walking around here and George is handing the
program director stuff that he's getting on the phone yeah yeah so they're getting it from us
we're having to do the Sherlock Holmes the leg work on this to try to find out what it's all about
but if you're as hard wouldn't surprise me if that's the truth a bunch of crackers over there in four
miles a bunch of those good two shoes religious bastards who got nothing better to do
that hawk a china with the FCC because they're offended by this show and look to stir up a bunch of
crap and you know something hey beeslees that are ones that stuck it on over there
the way it goes just like when we're on here in Tampa for those two awful years and had to put
up with that in the antithal mentality over there oh god see i hate to break the news to you whether
it's the Cox people or the beesley people this isn't a west coast floor to show you know what i'm
saying this isn't really what it's all about i know we have some people who listen on a 770
over there who like to show and mainly be put it on over there because when dick pertin comes
on vacation then he can hear a little clearer than here in 560 by the way if you heard from dick
no how in a long time be sure miss dick here's western hello
western yes i know yes sir i like the phrase you because you hit everything on the i don't call
in that much i'm not listening to you more than i call in yes sir hit the nail on the head
about the canopy thing and about the thing about sugar on the cigarette smoker i don't smell
that much but you what you said is 100% correct because it's just like a new state was there for
information not to not to brainwash us or not to do what you said right and you just give us the
news just give us some information give us the ball scores tell us if anybody important died
this week if we got any wars going on and other than that let us make our own decisions and that's it
exactly okay i'll see it the public thank you okay i like one up for me
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line it's 11 54 at QIM and by the way case you missed it
the magazine was really his way of trying to make politics relevant oh oh i'm telling you i
can't i can't i think 30 more seconds of it i'm going to crumble i'm going to lose it
i just i can't handle any more but i can't stand it in fact i'm taking my remote now i'm not
looking at the screen i'm going to let's see 355 is cmbc at least i can see what this star
i got a point at the star oh yeah i saw it again on a market down again 39 points and then as
they're down to a half that's 30 pressing 331 that's mtv how's that doing 339's on much music
out some videos going 339's got some videos actually going oh what's that new show they're going to
have nakedness or what they call yeah i thought what's that what's up with that and there must be
listening to me at mtv i said if they show a bunch of naked teenagers on there naked young people
and i have like 90 shares and they're starting to do that that's what people want to see
oh i don't want to see what what is this garbage that you're getting me into now the top 10 count down
here on vh1 where they place a marginal uh again this week crap okay hey at least that's an
improvement over having CNN on there and having to see all that stuff oh i mean how many times can
they do it they must think there's a lot of crazy people out there you know yeah yeah
must think there's a lot of our wig down assholes out there that just can't get enough of this stuff
you you would have thought that something so guided and important happened in the last few days here
like like the world is coming to an end you would have thought that we were already head over heels into
why two k or something
now i want to tell you about something great then in jerry's fish food
you know i'm not talking about the one algoldstein he eats a lot of it in fact algoldstein may be the
number two but in jerry's fan in the world after me i'm the one who turned up on the way i'm not
going to talk about this tasteless ad because they certainly want to distance themselves from that
by a long shot but nevertheless if you haven't had fish food man is it great oh god
hey ricky hey ricky when you're down the sousan t-cats you start to get ready
hey ricky
i've done super fish and you've got me all wrong i've done super fish and do you like girls at all
feel lucky
not
be
I'm a poor young lady from now
Hey Mickey tell me why you're still a certain sizey winky
Hey winky
I'm fed this person with a...
That's when when you speak
There's no proposition
This girl's not gonna say
You've done this through the gout to the buzzer where you hide
Talk for this girl for a second and admit you like the guys
And don't start the fight
You hide inside I thought who you're my big father
It's time to find your actual money for a night
Who you are big father
Come on to it 560 WQ I'm happy Friday baby
I'm having a good time
You know what I'm saying?
Just like magic said I'm having a good time
That's just before the candle was show remember?
The magic show?
He was having a good time
The only problem everybody else was having a real bad time
In fact everybody else was also having a good time because they had turned the show off
Oh boy
Man we're not in mourning over here
I hate if that makes us bad people too bad okay
If anybody's offended by the fact that I have no sympathy in my heart today whatsoever for any of this crap
That's it
My first reaction was she isn't that bad I bet they're all dead and then that's a shame and I want
Now what?
What else is there?
How come there can't be more millions of us who say it's a tragedy it was an accident
But you know something it means nothing to us it means nothing not a little but nothing zero
I'm being as honest as I possibly can it means nothing to me
There are wonderful people who die every day
There are young people there are children who get murdered by their parents who get murdered by stray bullets
And nobody makes the kind of cimmus they miss their entire lives are stolen from them
And nobody anywhere in the media or anyplace else makes the big cimmus about it like it's going on right now
Because if you have a lot of money and you have a famous name right away everybody in the world is supposed to get down on the ground and have a nervous breakdown and weep until they can't weep anymore
Why did I weep?
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
And you're okay
Neil I just wanted to say no to Alex penis left and his penis left
Good
And I just wanted to say your number one
Neil Dioz
I got the couple of the year though
Alex penis left and Ricky Martin
Oh yeah in fact that's who Ricky may have been kissing on a plane now that you mentioned it
Yeah that'll be the that'll be great in the White House huh
Thanks pal
Yeah as a matter of fact I think that if we can get Alex to be in it to be vice president with Mr. Boer or Gore
That would be fantastic then we could put a tax on every highway unlike the street and we got to victim on singing on the street where you live
Going to be a tax on every inch of roadway all over the country
Put up toll boots on the corner so you can get out of your house
You're crazy man Alex that's all I can tell you and if you think the public is going to vote for this thing next Thursday
I think I hope I pray you got a real bad surprise coming
And by the way don't get sucked in it wouldn't shock me at all if in the next six days between now and next Thursday
All kinds of horrible things happen on the roadways here we have tie ups at the toll booths and we have you know
The enormous frustration is being planned for you right now because evidently the first wave of it and you notice after a couple of days of the people paying the 50 cents instead of 25
Life seems to be going right on now except for the fact that those roads the tolls are down 20% because people said screw you we don't want to pay 50 cents
We'll find alternative ways to get to where we're going
So they're actually going to wind up losing money in a long run because this guy's a putz
Here's Coral Springs hello
Hello Neil yes sir
You know I never really called in before yes, well guess what once is enough once the king always a king
560 560 0560 on the mobile one line
Here's North Miami hello
How you doing?
Okay sir
What the hell was John John doing up in the plane when he knows nothing about the control in him?
Yes, what is it?
So what the hell he was doing up in the plane when he was a second bus to be told?
I'm a little nervous I never called North already on before but now I the rest
560 7 05 60, 05 60 on the mobile one line
You know I tried to tell that guy when he called the first time which is I think this is his third time now
I mean he's probably a really good guy the one we just had on there that he's just a little his voice is just a little bit too
You know I'm saying good guy but I just just not a just listen is what I'm trying to say please keep listening to 560 WQM or 770 WQM over there on the west coast where the rumors they just got fine 35 grand by the FCC
That's the rumor okay and here it's seven minutes after 12 have we heard any more about this no for anybody in this corporation no no
And Greg still running up and down the hall going like that
I mean one thing that ought to be our motto okay WQM were the last to know it doesn't know whatever it is fill in the blank were the last to know
Oh Jigs McDonald's been named as an answer for the Panthers where do we bet Palm Beach post oh I guess I better call somebody and find out
I mean and I'm not making that up either those are the exact words
I better call somebody and find out nobody's telling us any of this stuff
Just unbelievable you know what an embarrassment right and he's on vacation and even he knows it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line we got about 2 300 open lines here between now and 2 Jim
Mad Dog man that yeah that's who who's red hot he's smoking he's dangerous here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir yes how about the Kennedy situation let me tell you the only I don't throw a party because the other two can't die
But if was only him I will throw a party and let me tell you why yes his grandfather what used to run literally all right
He's the brother of his grandfather used to bring heroin to this country and that's on the letters in the Library of Congress yeah
The father is a matter because he was the one who started Vietnam war and he don't have the balls to send and to send to win that war he used to send few soldiers at the time to get killed
They don't buy off baking was a trader then top of that he she don't his wife when jacking on asses you see he started to grow more
When you know pictures of that and when he got tired of Madeline more roll he give it to his brother right
Right they might be passing around I mean then on nice families like to see that he's brother that you said nothing wrong in every
I never said his brain and I never said his brother did nothing wrong well you obviously have a great love for the thing these
What did I hired him for a lot of things that he did and we're not gonna change my mind my hysterical professional bay of cube
They have Cuban pigs whatever the hell it is oh there's Greg read Greg's on the announcement by the way about that thing
Yeah
Thank you
Well actually he's not really concerned about the final he's concerned about is that picture in Barry Jackass's column this morning
In fact not only did we sue Waffen we're sue and Barry Jackass in the hero for putting that picture in there this morning
As they continue trying to make us look as bad as they possibly can it wasn't bad enough
They put that under article on the front page of the newspaper about a station at 19 on the dial and nobody can pick up at least one thing about that
Station they'll never get fined by the FCC because nobody can hear it oh
So what was it was on the west coast and we find out for sure is that the story or not are we still don't know
We start and look at this you see a thing I'm joking. He just like yeah
They can't get on the site
We had a listener call in who read to us the information from the FCC website
But we hear a WQM the Beasley read broadcast people we can't get on the website and you want to know why probably because we didn't pay our
Netta well wouldn't you think we could trade it out with mines bring for example?
So we could hop on there right away which happens to be the next spot by the way what a segue man
You still haven't lost it you know I'm saying thank you
You
No more will he rise?
There's no more doctor
On the enterprise
P
won't you're anymore? down
first
So
We love phones, we were so the earth's country dot, alright.
We love phones, they can't stay pin like they did fast.
The boys gone underground where no man has gone before.
And phones, we're gonna miss him.
Especially when he said scavenging him, dead foes.
We're gonna miss you for.
So 15 at 560, oh there's a guy that's admired by millions, bones, he dies.
Make a big sentence about him.
No.
They have days and days of coverage on TV.
No.
No.
Why is that?
560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the mobile one line.
Greg Reed was just in here, I asked him about that FCC fine and he said,
I'm gonna do it this.
Here's the mobile and crawl springs.
Hello.
Yeah, yes sir.
I was gonna make some lame joke about your frequency deviating, you know.
But then you started talking about this penny tax vote next week and everything started to piss me off.
No.
And hello?
No.
Yes I'm listening.
No.
Every time you say penny tax that we're just keeping popping up and talking about.
Like I told a guy before it's automated, you know.
No.
I can't stop it.
No.
No.
I just hope the 5 or 6 listeners that you got right now at the lunch time, I mean, are aware that, yeah.
They'll knock off these 5 polls where there's nothing to stop them from putting 5 more back in or 10 more back in on.
Okay, they already said that they're gonna do that.
Everybody said that.
We got a call last night at the house right around dinner time from some guy from the mighty opera association or something saying,
please vote on the tax.
Oh, you do understand that's illegal, don't you.
Richard Friedman, who's one of the only decent people in Dave County with a brain.
He's suing everybody in sight and writing them threatening letters because that's illegal.
The Miami opera and all these other the space-treated planet term.
This, they operate on public funds.
They're a not-for-profit organization.
It's against the law for them to, for the list of, to solicit votes on a partisan issue like this.
They can't do it.
It's against the law.
It just, it hurts me so much.
You know, so many businesses are gonna lose money to Broward or to catalogs into the internet.
Right.
That's right.
Any person in business in Dave County who votes yes on this thing is like, try to commit suicide.
It just hurts me, but not anyway.
Anyway, your frequency is deviating and you're splattering, okay?
Thank God bless you.
No, no, no, no.
And I'll go find out.
I'm not going to be proud of all of it, okay?
Don't be talking about the John John that way you splattering.
That's bad.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, you know what I'm really shocked.
Of course, all those people have turned me off anyway this week.
They're pissed off at me.
All those great limousine liberals, you know?
Hey, too bad, you know, you got to get a life sooner or later.
That's the limousine liberals.
That's absolutely correct.
The one I want a lot of rights for all these people don't want them in their neighborhood,
but they want to, you know, make sure that they get equal rights.
Where are we going?
Here's a, yeah, they have to right to live anywhere they want.
Just not in your neighborhood.
I understand.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, me look, got a quick question for you.
Yes, sir.
When you go to the racetrack in Pompano.
Yes.
Do you go up 95?
No.
Okay.
There is something, there is something that I saw the other day that I am right,
get your puke button ready.
When you go up north,
when I figure that I get a step ahead of you.
When I, well, you're going to have, you're going to hit that two or three more times
when I get done telling you what I'm about to tell you.
Yeah.
Okay.
When you go north on 95, you get off Atlantic Boulevard.
You'll see a building on the west side of 95 of Vegas.
Overgolding.
Yeah.
Instead across the top for over a year and a half,
jet bush for governor.
So the other day, I'm going to go from Atlantic Boulevard,
south down 95 towards Fort Waterdale.
Yeah.
I get on, I see they're taking the letters down.
I said, oh, thank God for that.
Guess what it says now?
George W. Bush for president.
And it still isn't enough.
Wow.
If you are going up 95 or anybody going up 95,
when you're going towards Atlantic Boulevard,
we'll go on.
Just look at your eyes for a few seconds.
No, it's so freaking sad.
It's ridiculous.
Oh my God.
And as Frank Zappel would say, the torture never stops.
You're right.
You know, all right.
Have a good weekend.
Thank you.
Okay.
See you in the real world.
Get some good looking people, by the way, on a real world,
and the rogue kill them.
Stop with his scraps, because we're all watching MTV now.
We want an escape.
What am I watching, by the way?
Am I on much music?
I agree.
Leads finger of six pence.
Leigh now.
Oh, did you say 98 degrees?
Are they going to play I do?
I do like that.
And so do you like that?
There's something there for everybody.
Right, Nick and what's his brother's name, Jeff?
Nick and Jeff, and then of course, there's, there's, well,
it's really the same one and a whole of those huge,
longest watermelons.
Oh, don't say that.
Don't say teats on here, because they'll get all upset
on a West Coast again.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Seriously, Greg has so upset about that picture in the
herald this morning that he's just walking around a hallway,
just going nuts.
Oh, wait till he finds out.
Oh, I better not say it on the air.
Wait till the herald people find out that the water nuts,
he's got an old picture of Greg picking his nose.
And I'm sure for the right price.
I mean, you know, they're pretty tight, but for the right price,
anybody will do anything.
If she would release that to the herald, they could put that
on the front page.
Or maybe they could put it next to the race results.
WQAM General Manager picks a winner, you know.
I can just see that coming soon.
Anything to make everybody look like Bozos,
but of course, the one good thing Greg's got to go inform is
when you look at his ugly pussy and there with his hair flying
in the wind, you look just above it, and there's that
putzface berry jackass.
Oh, God.
Looking like a chipmunk in heat.
Like he's got a mouthful of elephant, droppings.
Wow.
What a jackass.
In my life, I can't imagine anybody walking up to me
out of the blue and introducing themselves and saying,
you know, a lot of what you say about me on the radio is true.
Yeah, that's a verbatim.
That's exactly what he said.
And I handed him my copy of the Toronto Sun,
which I had finished with.
I was at the airport that day, and I said,
here, if you ever read this paper before, now I said,
here, read it and find out what a real newspaper is all about,
Barry, and you kind of waddle off.
Looking at it like, what's this?
Oh.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you get a chance to see the Madeline Mario Harrison?
Oh, now, where, what was that on?
I didn't see it. I looked for it.
It's on the 10 o'clock ABC.
Oh, ABC. I thought it was A&E.
I looked at A&E and they had some other crap on there.
It's like 2020, but it's vanished.
It's every week they have showed up.
It's absolutely wonderful.
It was very good.
Damn it.
And they pretty much feel that they have the guy they think
that killed them, but not, he's not in jail for killing them.
He's in jail for something else.
But the only thing is they haven't found the body.
Incredible.
But any other thing is,
if I sing and roll out the barrel,
the other thing is there's money missing over a million dollars.
Yeah, I know that.
They put in a New Zealand bank account.
And then there was other money that they found.
Well, wait a minute. Who put it in a New Zealand bank account?
According to this report, the Murray's put money into a New Zealand bank account
and were planning to leave the country.
Yeah. According to this report.
And then what happened was they got...
There's a month after they left.
There's a month where they believed they were with this guy.
And they came to feel that they weren't there under duress.
They were there with the guy.
And then after a month later, then they feel that's when they got murdered.
Maybe that's where they'll find all the money under her duress.
If you look and have a great day,
thank you for the good news.
I mean, she was certainly big enough.
She was a monster in the anti-religion business.
So, anyway, I got to think from our friend Eric.
Come on, that's a fact machine is so slow.
It says the only information available is the following on this FCC business.
WQAM AM Naples Florida.
See, not to be confused with us here in Miami.
Issued notice of apparent liability for a 4 for 2 or $35,000
for broadcasting allegedly indecent material
during broadcast of the New Arrivedure Show on May 20, 21st, 22nd, 25th, 26th,
1996, 1998 between 10am and 2pm,
action by the Commission by letter.
Eric says he called the FCC and they said the full document isn't available yet
because it hasn't been indexed yet.
Wouldn't you think that our attorneys might be getting some information
from them instead of being on a website and being all over the rest of the world?
This is unbelievable, I'm being an R&R.
So, that's that.
So, the FCC website is jammed right now, which is great,
which means everybody in America is on there looking to see what did he say, you know?
And we still don't know.
And we still don't know what the hell it was.
Yeah, maybe it was for saying that.
Oh, don't say it more than once.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pound 5, 6, the animal mobile one.
And I want to give the bees something to do over there in a West Coast, you know?
Give them a little something to occupy their time.
You only 50 dollars.
Here's a lady mobile in a Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hi, Nioh.
Yes, ma'am.
I have a few things to discuss with you today.
Do you have the time?
Yes, I do.
Oh, good.
First of all, I wanted to say how much I enjoy George when you're away.
So, if they yank you off the air, just put George right in there
because I really do enjoy it.
Yeah.
Here's there.
Another thing.
I heard you yesterday talking about North Carolina and how nice the people are.
And, you know, they are very nice to you as long as you're out of your car.
But let me tell you, if you have Florida tags on your car, they hate you like poison.
Right.
They, I mean.
Well, can you blame them for that?
No, I guess I can't.
You know, because when I used to drive in through the mountains and stuff,
and I thought we were going along at a pretty good clip, and we were getting flipped off and gone.
No, that's not true.
Oh, yeah.
Don't misunderstand.
Many, many, many years ago I drove to North Carolina.
I never stopped there.
I went through very fast, for obvious reasons.
I'm not the one making the case for it.
I was just quoting somebody else who's talking about that, because that would be one of the last places that I would ever go with in North Carolina, or South Carolina.
Well, it's an, it's a nice place.
The western smoking mountain area is a lot of fun.
Nice place to see, but you wouldn't want to linger too long.
Exactly.
Right.
Also, after a lot of resisting and procrastinating, I finally started the Akin diet.
Right.
Why is it that you didn't stay on it, or that you don't stay on it for like long term?
Because it's very boring.
I mean, I don't want to, you know, pee on your parade, but it's very monotonous.
And also, as far as snacking, or like, you know, satisfying your appetite in between meals, there are so few choices.
I mean, how much beef jerky can you eat, and how many, there's just not very much there.
You know, it just gets monotonous.
Well, I can eat a lot of beef jerky.
Okay.
Yeah.
No, but seriously, they have these new, like, advantage bars and...
Ah, and please tell me you're reading the Akin's advantage bars.
They're not there.
They're not there.
They're not there.
Hey, they're better than pork rinds, okay?
No, they're not.
I've smelled some dog soap.
What do you mean?
I don't think it's too bad.
Well, I don't think it's too bad, but don't burst my bubble because I'm trying to think that this is like a...
Like I said, those things are delicious, man.
They just keep you going for days.
And I'll lose all the weight and I'll stay on this diet forever, right?
Yes, you will.
It's not a diet.
It's a way of life.
Okay.
Which my new doctor, by the way, doesn't like it, and I really don't care whether he likes it or not, because I'm still going to do it.
Because it brings my cholesterol and my triglycerides way down, and my blood sugar as well, which he doesn't seem to understand.
Well, when I speak to him again, I'm going to have to explain that to him.
But then why are there so many doctors and health professionals against this diet?
Well, but it's changing.
Most of the new diets are very much like a high protein and low carb or no-cur, almost no-cur.
Well, if you read the book, it makes a lot of sense, and that's fine.
I agree.
Finally changed my mind.
Good luck.
Give it a shot.
Good luck, sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
First, pay for the matter!
Your is the foreignest person that you'll ever view.
We can't take it anymore.
No one's for boring, invites president Al Gore.
No sign of fate, she's a fresh and easy liar.
If you're stuck with him then one hour seems like bias.
The story's the foreignest person that you'll ever view.
Your is the foreignest person that you'll ever see.
Yes.
Only one's more word than him, but not the other.
But he'll come to life for Asian guys with lots of love.
Yes.
The best part about this is it's for real.
It's the beast.
Hey, listen, that morning sure has the same effect on most of us.
1233 at 560 WQAM.
So Eric from our website up there in Orlando from eoranges.com is not the Eric that I'm sure that is.
Who's a wonderful human being.
Thank God for him.
We wouldn't have any idea what's going on in the world.
He says it's that West Coast station over there.
The beastly people.
They're the ones put all that crap on your last, not this past May, but May of 98.
During this show.
In fact, you know something?
Maybe it wasn't even something that we played.
Maybe it was something they, they dropped in there.
Because we have no idea what they're talking about.
Exactly.
What the hell are they talking about now that they come right down to it?
Wouldn't surprise me.
We know there are a bunch of perverts over there.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Couple of things.
Can't find that P-Can-Pie's Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
I heard you have it that a few days ago.
I can't find it any place.
Can't find Ben and Jerry's ice cream?
No, no, no. The P-Can-Pie.
Well, I haven't, I haven't ever had that yet.
I haven't even had that plan looking for it.
Yeah, well, the people looking at it.
See, that's the idea.
I think they make up some of the names too just to keep you in there looking and looking.
And then when you can't find it, you say, oh, well, okay.
I'll have two, three points of fish mood and triple caramel chunk and just to tide me over.
Well, I tried something new and you can save your money.
It's called Coconut Cream Pie, forget it.
Yeah.
Well, I've had that when it first came out.
Now, one of my favorites.
Listen, I want to comment on a comment you made the other day and that is on the rewarding of mediocrity.
Yes.
I am so sick of seeing these bumper stickers with all these my kids and honorals doing all of that in the craft.
And the worst one I saw was everyone's a winner at this elementary school.
And that's part of the problem.
Not everybody can be a winner.
There's winners.
And there's losers.
Not everybody can be a genius.
And I'm telling you to be a good...
I'm going up, saying, oh, what the matter?
I can't be a loser.
I've got a bumper sticker that says I'm a...
What he said was it's...
...ging ponderous, something like that.
That's what he said.
Well, he got a little carried away, but he's right.
You're absolutely right, sir.
But don't say it again because the FCC, the word place to get really upset about that.
Especially if they hear about it or on the West Coast.
See, the confusion here is that they're using...
Which I don't understand how that works.
But they're using the call letters over a Naples, which used to be WWCN.
And they could just drop that and just say, uh, 770 All Sports Radio.
But instead, they're saying WQAM 770 over there.
They've been saying that for quite a while now.
And quite frankly, we aren't that crazy about being...
Even though it's also owned by the same company,
we don't want to be associated quite that closely with anything going on in Fort Myers.
Don't take it personally over there, but we really don't want to be associated quite that closely with anything that's going on over there on a West Coast.
You know what I'm talking about?
I think you do.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah, him too.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Oh, do we miss those two years in Tampa on WSU Ant?
No.
Do we miss them like a broken leg?
No.
Oh, man.
Wow.
The guy from Loots.
And then there was the chronic, uh, the died.
There was a rose.
And what was the other guy's name?
We have that thing in here.
Bill from Newport, Richie.
Oh, boy.
What a memory you got.
Wow.
Of course, I've played Bill and Rose.
That would be bad right now.
That's supposed to be Rose anybody, even as a wife, because it's Rose Kennedy.
Anybody you have a first name, because there's so many in the family anyway, like William Kennedy Smith.
He's there right now.
He's the new Kennedy Pulsar.
He's out there pulling the public as many as he can.
Get away with it.
That's a Roy Black set.
What's that under?
It's got to be in here somewhere.
Bill and Rose.
Wow.
We still like to find that.
Bill from Newport, Richie.
I'll find it.
You mark my words.
We'll come across it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I was an article in the last Saturday's paper, I believe it was Saturday or Sunday, lifting the 10 top contributors to the, uh,
panel campaign for the tolls.
Yeah.
No tolls.
And the top two beyond my belief was F.R.U.
and Miami Day Community College, both contributing $150,000.
Based on what?
For what purpose?
For the campaign.
For the advertising.
For the advertising.
I understand, but why?
It's me.
I don't know what would have to, what are two schools that are always raised in, uh, tuition, they're always poor now, they?
Yeah.
I'm off giving $150,000 each for a pool of campaign.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think somebody should stick to those in that one, man.
I think so too.
It was just very small little, uh, little rectangle that they, uh, most of the other companies were, you know, law firms or contractors or people
who looked to make a buck on the deal.
Okay.
Thanks for the warning, man.
Okay, now, see.
And I'll tell you what, good, brother.
Yeah.
I'm the guy that lives to you, fart and hear pretty girl sing. Don't ever do it.
How do you like that?
Uh-huh.
Bill, from Newport, Richie, Rest in Peace.
Well, you think we got chronic's over here, which we have a few, but boy, their whole thing over there was based on Christ, which is why WS.U.S.
It's not playing Ukrainian melodies or something.
They've gone through more format changes on that thing that were simulcasting the sports station that were playing the music of your life, if you're older than a hundred.
I mean, God, I know what they're doing now.
Oh, you know what they are doing now?
Because somebody faxed me about this.
They are simulcasting a TV station.
Yeah, there's some, the station over there that's got like part local and part CNN.
And they're simulcasting the TV station 24 hours a day on what used to be WS.U.S. went over there in Tampa.
Wow.
So it does make any difference whether it's the Cox people or the Beasley Reed people.
It's still all the same, but you're crap.
That's what happens when you, you know, the FCC, they're so worried that somebody say, you're gonna say crap on here.
But in the meantime, they're turning it into a monopoly roulette for people like Paxton and Queer Channel and all these other great robbers who couldn't give a crap less about the public.
21 before 1 at 5 60 WQ and by the way, before I do the spot, how is it like I said, the great, how is it if it was a year ago, May.
And they've made this determination.
Now, how was it that there haven't been letters back and forth between a commission and the Beasley station over there because that's the way it works.
They notify you and then you have a chance to be spawned and they investigate, etc and so on.
And they're over there, like that.
Maybe they don't open their mail over there.
Oh, that's right.
It might be a bill.
Excellent point.
And you think you think we're joking about that, don't you?
Talk to our good friend Harry or whatever's name is up there in the Belmorn, New Jersey.
And you want a great cigar, just say, to the Sun Central.
That's our new motto.
Okay, just say to the hero, just say to the Sun Central.
Cigars need warning labels.
You know something?
You know what cigars are not something that you smoke 50 of every day.
It's a nice treat once in a while.
You don't overdo it.
No problem.
And of course we know an inhale.
It's Friday, you waste beer.
And now a public service announcement.
It's the representative of the IACC, the International Association of Colon Cowboys.
We ask the citizens across America to donate whatever you can to start an alternative club to the Boyz guys.
But pirates of the Caribbean will give young men an opportunity to experience the fun and camaraderie
of exciting outdoor activities such as sailing, camping, and my favorite winy roasting.
Give them a chance.
Give what you can.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Here's Jeff Cohen from pizza law for our lunch today.
Let's see Jeff's reaction to this tasteless ad from Al Goldstein and school magazine today, okay?
I don't think he understands it yet.
What does that mean?
Oh, he said it was in port taste.
This is the world's biggest pervert that we ever met in our lives and he said it's in port taste.
Do we believe him?
No.
Oh, Stephanie doesn't know that yet.
Okay, I won't say it on the ear.
And by the way, he wants to know why you're not cooperating.
Okay, so he puts on a good edit and very port taste.
Why are you in mourning?
Because you're missing part of the pre-game show right now.
I'll see you in all the other network affiliates.
They're in the pre-game.
And I hear they're going to bring in some very important dead people due to the narration of the actual ceremony.
I mean, I hate to break the news to you, but these people are ready.
The ashes are already floating in the Atlantic out there, but don't let that confuse anybody.
I'm sorry.
5.6.7.
You're such an asshole.
5.6.7.
05.60 and 05.60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and store it.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's happening, sir?
I'm hanging in there.
This is the, you know, another personal thing.
But what's your relationship with the Cherry Hill and King of Pizza and Garden State?
And all of that?
I hear you speak.
What's my relationship with the other?
It's not a sexual thing, but I've been here ever before.
The car is what's the big deal with that?
No, I hear you speak of it.
I'm from that area.
I haven't been here a year or so.
I would never go back.
I mean, what's the point?
I was there a couple of times.
It was all right.
Oh, I blows.
I know that, but I was just wondering if you had that one.
What?
I was just wondering if you ever worked there or if you lived there?
No, I did not.
I've just, you know, when you go on vacation in Philadelphia, Cherry Hill is a good place to stay.
Oh, yeah.
It's pretty, it's pretty beat to death by now, though.
By now, yeah.
Played out.
They had all their schwarzes moving there.
Okay, well, let's have a great day, sir.
Ah!
Oh, God.
Must be my pizza loft allergy.
I haven't even started eating it.
I haven't put anything in my...
I think it was my allergy to his reaction to that thing.
He's the first person that hasn't peed in his pants when he saw that screw magazine thing.
And that's because he's not worried about that.
He's too uptight about Stephanie and how can he not get in all he wants with his ravenous appetite?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one-line.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Your station was fined $35,000 under some?
What is it?
Your station was fined?
No, not our station.
The station over in Naples.
Oh, okay.
Our sister station.
Oh, because when you said that, I thought for sure it was that sofa-king thing.
No.
That is so funny.
But, um, I'm CNN in all these states.
Oh, this is where stuff we played last year, May of 98.
Oh, if we still don't know what it is.
Did they ever find you forbidden at all?
Or did they pre-approved or something?
It's been 10 years since we've been fine for anything.
Oh, really?
So I was watching all these stations.
It's incredible.
Who was this guy that died?
I mean, like, if he was kind of an uglier guy in his name with Steve Kennedy or something,
you'd never see any of this stuff.
It's incredible.
I mean, and I have all these, all these reporters who are trying to act real sombre and all this stuff.
Trying to say the right thing.
And, uh, they're half-
You know, the right thing to say at this point would be, good bye and have a great day.
And now let's get out of some important news and move on with our lives.
So they would be the right thing to say.
They're enjoying every minute of it.
Okay, that's it then.
Have a great day, sir.
Okay, two calls left on the board.
Steve, we were rolling along here pretty good today, but I have a feeling we've hit a brick wall.
Well, that's because it's getting really close to an upregame show now.
So all these people have turned us off.
And I see it's not because it's July and everybody's out of town.
I thought that's what it was.
The reason it's been kind of a bumpy week is because they're all busy watching this crap.
That's the embarrassing part.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Maybe if we would just pot it up, you know, maybe that would bring the audience back.
Take a poll on that if we could just pot up CNN about MC.
We didn't as Bernie said a moment ago.
We haven't seen Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg during Kennedy's sister come out.
It may well be that she left the side entrance.
Well, let's go to the side entrance and see, okay?
Let's rush right over there.
Let's get to minicam and go to the side entrance and get a peek and see if she's on her bicycle again today.
Or what's going on with Caroline?
Airby, little hair, airby, nook, airby, cranny, anything that says Kennedy on it, okay?
Just unbelievable.
Here's a mobile and Kendall.
Hello?
Mobile and Kendall?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
First time, long time.
Yes?
I got a little something.
Look, I can really hear you.
It sounds like you're in a prone position on a floor passed out.
Speaking of it, hello, hello, hello.
Yeah, but not too good.
Okay, what are the penguins and John, what can you do in your cabin?
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and Fort Myers, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, so I'm coming through the Miami area and as you listen to you, you're putting us down over there and Fort Myers.
Not going on it.
Yeah.
Well, you know, we don't appreciate that stuff over there, you know?
You don't appreciate it?
No, I mean, you know, the bees all live over there.
Miami was such a wonderful place.
I got news for you.
We wouldn't let the bees lease in over here.
That's the reason they're over there.
We wouldn't let those people in here.
Oh, okay, man.
You know, they didn't like all your butt stabbers over there.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
So, you know, they moved over to Fort Myers.
Yeah, that's why you're listening to this show in Fort Myers number one.
And number two, that's why they put us on the air because they don't like all those butt stabbers.
Hey, he doesn't have any choice over there.
He's only got two programs on the AMO.
Yeah, well, I'll come to get a real radio station, okay, pal.
And why don't you find a real life?
Okay, we have one call up in the board and then it's audio us for the week.
5667-0560, pound 560, on the mobile one line.
Jeff Cohen is in here making as much noise as he possibly can.
Rattling stuff around.
I won't say a word to one, it's doing it.
Here's a mobile in the bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Yes, sir.
Hey, uh, what do you think of Jack Ramsey as a commentator for the Miami Heat?
I don't care about the Miami Heat.
Jack Ramsey, I couldn't care about Joe Ramsey.
I couldn't care about it.
Call one of the sports nerd shows, okay.
Call up the mad dog this afternoon.
He'll probably hang up on you, too.
That was the last call we had was about fricking Jack Ramsey.
When are you sports nerds going to get a life?
There's something important going on the world right now.
The set, uh, Freeman Family is planning a separate service.
See, there you go.
5667-0560.
I get the feeling, I mean, I got an hour and eight minutes to go here,
but I get the feeling that I'm kind of like losing control of having any kind of a show here.
Today, I could be wrong.
It seemed that started about it.
And what did you just throw out?
Just throw out that magazine?
Where is it?
Oh, this man.
This man is out of control.
Stephanie, you better start cooperating with Jeff Cohen pretty soon, okay.
He is out of control.
Need some serious action very, very soon.
Here's Daniel.
Hello.
No.
Yes.
Okay.
Here's a mobile and old-cuntler, Rich.
Hello.
And I'll divorce you, clinic.
You're right, but we're straight from...
Uh-huh, okay.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello, how are you?
I'm getting irritated.
Here's what I'm doing.
I'm getting irritated.
You know what I don't understand is they may...
Only getting irritated because I'm just a sideline here for the moment, okay?
I have to agree with you on this whole situation, especially with the amount of money that the government spent.
And then it won't look like a flap in the face then they go bury me at sea.
Why don't they just, like, you know, throw two flowers out there and just say, you know, that's...
Why don't we just go on with our lives?
Yes.
Or I realize it's a difficult concept for most people to grasp and the media can't grasp at all because they don't want to,
because they're going to squeeze and exploit for every dime they can get.
Why can't we go on with life?
Are there any other news covered?
Anything else happening anywhere in the family and all?
No.
Not at all.
Nothing, nothing.
I mean, nothing.
No earthquakes.
There is nothing else going on.
Nobody's dying.
Nobody's else is getting shot.
There were no crimes being committed.
There were no injustices.
Congress isn't dealing with any important issues.
Forget about it.
This is the only thing that's going on in the world.
Whatever somebody dies.
They said the astronauts up there this morning, nobody gives a crap about that.
Okay, they had a little problem there, five seconds up into the flight.
They started getting nervous.
That's not important news.
And you know, most of the time when they have a shuttle launch, that goes on all day long.
We said it's going to be a replacement.
They got about four seconds of that and now we've got to go back to the pre-futural show.
Don't you remember the days where you used to have the shuttle countdown?
Right.
I mean, you know...
We don't have enough seconds for maybe only a three-second countdown.
That's all we got.
They used to televised the landings when it was taken off, who was on it,
how many kids they have.
You know, people die in a born every day.
I mean, it's said the way they died.
But this guy, he took a risk.
You know, I...
It's just like...
If I had no idea...
If I just got my pilot license and I'm just going wild trips and I don't know what I do,
what I'm doing, why did you just wait for the weather to clear up?
It's not the point of blame, but...
Hey, the blame is where it is.
And whether they were laid or whether it's over now, any specific...
Yeah, it's over.
How could a week ago go tonight?
A week ago tonight.
And I'm from New York, but...
How could all these people in New York go by a stranger's house and just leave stuff?
You know, I'm sure there's going to be a decent charity.
So, why...
The way here's Ted Kennedy's on there.
Again, his hair is still white, so have a great weekend.
Sir, there's the bulletin for you.
Ted, his hair is still white.
5'67", 05'60", 05'60", on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Here's the mobile and Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, yes, sir.
I just can't...
To me, the Kennedy family is taking a beating over this.
Not that I'm tired of not tired of hearing it, but I'm just tired of hearing how Jack and Joe Jutafinger,
how unethical they were, again, Jack elected.
And the family, to me, sounds like a horrible family.
The way they've made it sound.
Well, what do you mean you're tired of hearing another word?
You're too much of an emotional cripple to deal with the truth?
Is that what you're saying, sir?
No.
It's just enough of it or...
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Who cares?
What do you mean who cares?
I mean, if we're going to make this big of it to do about the fact that this guy died because...
He was famous because he was a Kennedy.
Isn't it fair to put it in its proper perspective?
Or you want to wash all of that away?
I would agree with you that who cares about all this anymore?
Let's get on with life.
It's stuff that happened 40 and 50 years ago.
But they're...
The stuff they're digging up on the Kennedy is not good.
If everything sounds negative.
But what are they digging up?
In other words, you only want to hear the good stuff.
Is that it, sir?
No.
You only want to...
You only want to...
You only want to...
Somebody who plays Stradivarius for you and hearts and flowers and strings.
You don't want to hear that the old man was made all his money in boot-lugging and was a Nazi sympathizer.
You don't want to hear that?
I'm glad it's coming out.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, they don't bring hands to come out to anybody that read a book, which obviously you haven't, sir!
Anybody with a brain whoever read a book for Christ makes knows all about this.
But of course, the American public knows nothing about American history.
All they know is where to find Elvis and Graceland.
And by the way, he's still alive and brought in the food that they instead of Jeff Cohen.
That's what the American public knows about is nonsense, nourish Christ, foolishness, crap!
They specialize in it.
In fact, their universities all over this country they're going to have in courses.
I specialize in bullcrap 101.
That's right.
That's going to be my major is bullcrap, professional nonsense.
Meaningless garbage.
Maybe if you ever read a book, sir, you'd have already known this a long time ago.
And it wouldn't come with some great shock to you that your emotions can't handle evidently.
On the one hand, these turvids are unfair, but it's good that it's coming out.
Just give it a rest, okay?
Like we are.
Give it a rest.
And now, President Clinton, Chelsea Clinton.
Oh!
I'm exhausted.
I'm ready to pass out and I haven't watched like three minutes of it.
And I'm ready to just fall on the floor and expire from it.
It just warned me out.
Oh boy!
It's the one to two hours!
Yes, I'm a mouth-and-tank bully who floated into town.
And when I read the hurls, I just can't pull it down.
Since all the cringos move the way they auto-try to get.
They held me and me, I will do changes, name it.
It's to be empty and the rest.
The empty and the rest.
It makes my tongue warm.
Warm, warm.
And it's perfect for a town where there's no life to be found.
Outside of what we do the best, like rubbing atyams and juke-things or something,
and there are rotators in the air against an obstacle to the oil.
It's companies that instead act that's all you need to know.
I'm ready to do it when I get the case of black beans squared.
And then I wipe my ass and wipe my hair and brush my hands off the head.
And rub, rub, rub, rub, rub.
And it makes my tongue warm.
There a well-flabbed sitting.
I'll see.
Yes!
I'm going to the channel for it.
1 out of 2 at 5, 50 WQM, so anyway, the guy that want to know why FIU is so going
over the penny sales tax.
Here's the answer.
Here's the facts we just received.
Attention, Miami-Dade County FIU employees.
We need your support in the July 29 election that says,
yes, but we'll bring $90 million in scholarship funding to FIU over the next 20 years,
providing opportunities for thousands of worthy Miami-Dade students to attend our proud institution.
The revenue generated by the additional penny sales tax frees up hundreds of millions of dollars,
currently your market for transportation needs.
The free-to-funce will provide 2000 scholarships annually,
a thousand from a Miami-Dade County high school graduates,
a thousand from Miami-Dade community college graduates transferring the FIU.
And if the voters approve the penny for transportation,
Miami-Dade County will get billions of dollars from Washington to dramatically expand the metro-male system,
sound just like 20 years ago, doesn't it?
Let's impose more tax on ourselves so we can get those billions of dollars from Washington
for another boom dog or let nobody's going to rise.
There you go.
Sure worked like a charm first time, didn't it?
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Naples, hello.
Hey, Neo, love your show, buddy.
You're a role...
Listen, I don't know who that Mardi Cone over here defending the B-sleeves was,
but he wasn't one of us.
I can tell you that much.
Probably not then.
Well, speaking of no doubt, hey, listen, I have a solution to the whole expense thing with JFK.
All the major news affiliates picked up the bill because obviously without JFK Jr. this week,
they would have had a broadcast dead air for the last seven days.
Evidently.
So, I mean, you know, I think these guys should pick up the tab because people have been tuned in with George and Arab.
There's overtime for this.
A little... I'm not fizzing off and let the family rest in peace and let the rest of us rest.
Okay, so God bless you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Neo.
Okay, so how do our friends at the B-sleeves?
5, 6, and by my cheap suit while you're at it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Perrine, hello.
Mobile in Perrine.
Going once.
Well, we got a lot of these deadheads, man.
A lot of these bozos out there, 12 minutes and two seconds in Perrine, and he's gone.
Here's Miami Beach, hello.
Hey, Neo, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
That's all that city needs is billions of more dollars to misuse and mismanage and embezzle and steal from us.
You know, that...
See, I would still like to ask how many people are writing the existing Metro Rail,
which the hero and all the other publications have already told us was a billion-dollar boom dog or let nobody uses.
And the honest answer would be almost nobody.
Watch your whistle, right? Did you see what happened the other night?
The guard just got murdered outside the station.
You already sucked on that thing. I'm afraid to get on it.
Right.
And not to mention it doesn't go where I need to go.
You mean to say you don't want to go downtown?
Sir, they want everybody going downtown, like to one-herald plaza. That's where they want you all to go.
Yeah, that seems to be the only thing.
That's where we got that green new arena that opens January 2,
is like four blocks away from the other one.
That the guy called me a couple of days ago and tried to tell me that all of the four blocks makes a big difference.
Yeah, right.
Hey, Neo, forgive me if you've already talked about this today,
but did you catch the Hicetic Juice selling drugs on Miami Beach?
No.
You didn't hear about that?
No.
They busted some Hicetic Juice in traditional dress selling Hic...
Oh, I see.
...explicit on Miami Beach.
Old juice selling Hic
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Great.
Well, hey, uh...
They were probably hiding it under their tits.
I think that's where they were.
Okay, thanks.
They were hiding in their curls.
They drove.
Charlie, you're a douchebag.
In Zagazon.
Okay, there you go.
Orthodox Juice selling X-SA.
Boy.
How much?
I can get a wholesale.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neo.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I'm a little confused.
What are you confused about, sir?
Are you angry at the media?
I'm not angry at anybody, sir.
No, but let me...
When you say, you know, the candidates and so forth,
I understand there has been a lot of coverage.
But are you angry at the media?
Are you...
It sounds like it's almost personally angry at the candidate junior.
You can't do anything.
No, I'm not.
It's not he's dead, so he has no control over it.
It's the media that's sick and he'd tell badly, sir.
Uh, you know, it just sounds...
I mean, totally confused over here.
You sound like...
Why are you totally confused?
I think I made it as clear as I possibly can.
When you speak, it sounds like you have an anger toward candidate junior
when it should be directed toward the media.
Yeah, okay.
I think you said that four times now, okay?
I'm only angry toward you because you keep repeating yourself.
And I always love those people to tell me what I should say and how I should say it.
That's my favorite.
The Shudmesters.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the Okahumka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Only Florida could have a place called Okahumka, yes, sir.
You know, the...
This country...
The same people who would take their kids and put them in a covered wagon
and bear it along the way.
Yes.
They died off from disease, the Indian attacks.
And now they're getting emotional about a guy they never met.
They never did a damn thing.
They affect their life.
It just makes me wonder.
And let me ask you something.
If all these people with a loved John F. Kennedy junior so much,
how come his magazine was losing all that money and had a circulation of 400,000
which for a national magazine is an embarrassment?
Oh, he got a magazine.
I never would.
You know, that's the whole thing.
Well, it actually requires reading, dude.
That's true.
That's a good point.
And in the back of my mind, I just can't help thinking...
Like that guy that called me forward said, oh, it's a good thing these things are coming out now, I guess.
I mean, what kind of a vacuum, I mean, do these people react to me side of funny pages?
Oh, no.
No, well, my mom is on Social Security.
So is my dad.
And they know every celebrity who they're married to, and I'll tell you the truth.
I bear no mouse towards anybody.
But when a celebrity dies, just think about it.
There's room with the top.
The more dead celebrities, the better.
Because celebrities are essentially worthless anyway.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, he was going along so well until he got...
Oh, there you go.
Chris likes it.
Chris like the screw magazine.
We're batting like almost a thousand except for Jeff Cohen.
We put on a phony ad for a phony ad.
Speaking of phony ad, let's tell you about the pizza lot.
But what a segue, huh?
Jeff Cohen was just here.
We're eating this stuff right now.
How do you like that?
Nothing like doing a commercial while you're eating the food from the joint.
Hey, Jeff Cohen, those are his joints.
Believe me when I tell you.
In fact, I think he's over to check one out right now.
Friday, you bastard.
The story of the rock-thumb beach in the world.
Uncle Ted dude, throw on some boxer shorts.
Let's cruise our box and rage with some babes.
Excellent.
Our money.
One that's...
And Poon Ted.
Uncle Ted dude, let's use our answer to this last name.
We're pressing babes and do the wild things.
If it comes out, no way Bill.
Just wait, Jeff.
Excellent.
They're rich, they're powerful.
They like to swim naked.
Well, you're gonna be sweet.
And Ted can be in the middle of the tears.
Excellent adventure.
Our two.
The next genitalia.
Excellent.
Coming soon to a day to the U.
For your next.
For excellence.
Thank you Paul.
That's back in the days when he was doing funny stuff.
114 at 560 WDQM, 5607 05 60,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Well, that's a line 6 button again.
Manitings a piece of direct.
Miami. Hello.
You got me.
I got you now.
Here you go.
In the mail, I just got my thing from STS.
That's the special transportation service of Dave County.
Printed on their official documentation.
And it says here in part,
approval of the one-cent sales tax by the voters on July 29th.
And all this, they're going to save me 50 cents of trip.
But they don't mention how much it's going to cost me in sales tax.
You haven't read the latest bullet and they just put out today.
They said if you vote yes on a penny sales tax,
it'll bring JFK Jr. back to life.
Well, I think Channel 7 is hoping that.
Now this is ridiculous.
Here I'm paying, first of all, for this information to be sent to me.
And secondly, I'm going to vote no, no, no.
But they don't go into the economics of the thing.
They just say, hey, it's great.
Oh, you know, this is enough to make you throw up.
No, no, no.
One little thing, Neil, on this letter,
it says please remember that you can continue to use Metro bus,
Metro rail, and Metro mover free of charge,
simply by showing your card, which, you know,
that's a thing I didn't know until I applied for this thing,
which I've just recently needed.
But my God, the seniors or the crippled people are getting a hell of a break to start with.
And now they're sending out this propaganda.
I can't believe it.
No. Just say, no.
I will.
Okay. I'll take a couple of times by the way.
Yeah. Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's lost Angela.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's Chris and Los Angeles.
Listen to your broadcast.com.
All right.
And I'm from South Florida, so it's always nice to wake up in the morning when I get out here
and listen to you guys for a few hours.
But I'm just checking my trade manual stamp in the radio business.
And I see he got slapped with a $35,000 fund, which is going on.
I didn't get slapped with anything.
See, as you know, they don't slap individuals.
They slap companies with it.
And it's not that the information in the R&R is wrong, by the way.
It's the station over in Fort Myers.
Oh, it is.
This is our sister station.
It was for stuff on this show.
But they've decided to carry it and put it on.
Just slap it on the ear, all our stuff over there.
Because they're too cheap to build a real radio station.
And so evidently, they got some board again, Ojoan Provacatour.
That's been bugging the FCC.
So there you go.
Well, this isn't really Chris's built canard, so.
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
Anyway, I wanted to call it that.
You might be supposed to know what that means.
I don't know.
I wanted to call it.
But we do love your cruise line, though.
Your cruise line?
Yeah.
What's that?
Okay, Chris.
Bill, whatever your name is this week.
Oh, man.
Woo!
So you see, if not as bad here as we thought it was, folks, there's an asshole at Los Angeles, too.
Let's hear it.
Somebody who thinks he's really clever.
It's another computer nerd.
56670560, POM 560 on the AT.
And the best part of the whole deal is this is stuff that was aired on this show a year ago, May.
That they carried over there in Naples.
May 20th and 24th, whatever those dates were.
And when we still don't know what pieces they were, which we could still be playing.
I mean, don't bother telling us, and I'll say it again.
There's no way that there could not have been communication between the FCC and the Beasley station over there in Naples,
between whenever they decided that they got the complaint.
Because as soon as they get the complaint, they're supposed to notify you.
In addition to which they have to tell you where the complaint came from, who it was.
Maybe it's something we don't have that they use for filler over there.
You don't think they have a name?
We could sit here and we could conjecture from now until the end of time.
Why don't we?
Okay.
Or maybe not as the case may be.
Or maybe the dog did it.
Maybe Bruce Beasley did it.
And then again, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See that stuff always gets on here, doesn't it?
No.
Always really as well worth your while.
But thanks for the compliment.
You're not my type.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the lady in a, what does that say?
A lady Hollywood in Miami.
That's interesting.
Hello.
Hello.
Are you a Hollywood in Miami?
I'm a Miami.
Let's screw it up.
Yes, ma'am.
Speak to me.
Hi.
How are you, Neil?
Okay.
Actually, I don't even get to listen to you that often.
So today I had a day off and this is really the first chance I got.
First time caller.
Great.
I'm an FIU student.
And I heard you talking about that penny sales tax.
Uh-huh.
And you know, I understand what you're saying about the whole transfer.
Okay.
...some other foreign locations being....
And how they could get a feeler would probably be playing this because they did thisindo
a lot.
That was a $1 billion flashed down the toilet.
That was absolutely correct.
That's an all-age.
you gotta get what we have to get and if it's that if it's gonna come from that
then I think it might be a good idea. No. No. Because we can we need the but we need the money though. No. Well that's I mean a lot of people need money. I mean for bars
I know but the school itself I mean it's the only way we're gonna better our schools and once we're better the education
the city becomes better and it's it's in all around things. Yeah. It goes in circles and like the community will not
become better because they give out more scholarships and if I you were Miami-Dade or whatever. No, of course not. I don't think that I
the idea that the idea that the public has to keep paying more and more tax and that'll drive people out of the
county to do business in Broward or elsewhere by mail or electric. I said that's just bad for business. There are lots of
other ways to raise revenue and if the mayor really is interested in finding those ways without
continuing to tax the people see what the mayor does a lot at all actually is a student I really don't I don't
know what the mayor does. Well the mayor is the one who's behind this this is his penny sales tax this is
I know no exactly but I don't think that I don't think this is the greatest way to get money but I haven't seen the
mayor do a hell of a lot more and they're gonna get this money in a lot of other ways I know that
um FIU has a lot less money than a lot of the other Florida schools even though I mean maybe because of our
location I don't know but I know that you know we don't have that much money plus we're 25 years old a lot of
these other schools are a lot older USFs you know they're older schools so we don't have a lot of money to
begin with yeah our students our students do come to Miami-Dade and so on but I think we need more internal
scholarships well maybe if some of them went to a real school maybe that might change something you know
you know what and that's exactly how I feel now and it kind of pitches me off that kids from Miami-Dade and
BCC and all these places are just coming into FIU like it's nothing yeah and yeah it's pretty easy to get those
wind surfing and basket weaving certificates from Miami-Dade that's not true. And BCC specializes in that you know as a
student who's who's coming from I mean I I went to FIU for you know I didn't I decided not to go to US and you
schooled away just for reasons just because a lot of hot guys up there sweetheart that's what yeah I know but
but I wasn't going to follow the action I'm actually I mean the media's all here and I'm a the
broadcaster was a major they're not going to know you're wrong sweetheart I hate to break news here is no media here
the media is non-existent here what passes for what passes for media here is a joke
but but if I have a choice between Florida schools yeah I went to US and I thought that I just I mean I couldn't stand it there
no no that's where it's at they got the good drugs up there they got the hot guys they got the lesbians whatever
you're looking for they got them up there I'm gonna have to miss out on that one yeah so I have I have my
share and they got that a little bit of Steve Spurrier up there too man he's there have a doing idiot well listen good
luck just sweetheart thanks a lot yeah just say no okay five six seven oh five sixty I'll tell you one
thing Chris likes to pizza up make no mistake about that he's in here for seconds and
turds and be our guest that as much as you like because we like to share yes I am it's probably what
you say five six seven oh five cents spider what you'll castelo said you said which I don't believe it
for a minute he's just a hard ass little diggo five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line here's Hollywood hello hi Neil yes sir I just recently got into the
cigar smoking great I went to came in island size able to get some Cubans cigars that is okay and
um I bought a humidor I have a question when you when the temperature is too high to put more water
in it or less water you're asking me there's no directions on your human or no well what you do
steal it was it like a bootleg thing now actually was it was a bent sail so I got a good price on it yeah
seventy seventy seventy seventy seventy degree seventy percent humidity okay seventy degrees
seventy okay because I think it's the temperature see I don't I don't use a humidor because I don't
have enough cigars to put in there to stock on I mean I get so few our suppliers of cigars are so
nickrally with the the supply that I smoke in as fast as I get them you know not and I don't
smoke that many anymore but nevertheless yeah yeah I got some cohebos I got some lanticristo
yeah well you do a lot better with nicks because you don't have to pay all that money for them and
they're just as good if not better okay great I appreciate it okay pal thanks and what is it
that's a guard they've always says the long asses something like that spoke this yes smoke this
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight what's the guard they're going to do
if they pass that thing if you have to see I'm I'm kind of getting ambivalent about that now
because I would hate to see cigar they've had to go out of business and I'm going to cigar show his
because all of his sponsors are cigar sponsors and they couldn't advertise on radio anymore he'd be out of
business that's the example with sky because I talk to a lot of people about him and everybody
including the folks down in next I said well you think of that cigar Dave they all said the same thing
he's an asshole here's a mobile in Tampa hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing I'm doing good good
good deal I haven't talked to you in a while I'm a listener from Tampa yes and down in Miami and I'm
listening to you on another website bigpro's dot com uh-huh and we're all in the
place I think we just had a toll free number if this wasn't such a cheap as place well if we had a
toll free number we've been getting calls from all over the world on that same thing I agree I
I I met you up in Tampa when you're out there with last year and all those guys
that's him oh yeah you're still with them though you're still great yeah I think you do the
hey do the standardized claimants on last show yeah I call over a couple times I did come for you
they always think big of that new this is
deal okay pal all right now give Bob a big kiss for us thanks I'm the lift five six seven
oh five sixty what about that Ricky Martin kissing his boyfriend on a plane on the way over
there to do a Germany on that big seven forty seven huh what about that
disgraceful here's a mobile in Miami hello and Neil how you doing okay sir uh talking about the
metro failure you've been talking about I got a letter in the mail the other day saying they want to
put this new part of it from Kendall you know west on Kendall drive in the median in the middle
I know they can put it yeah that'll be real nice when I walk out of my house to see met you know
three people riding on metro rail and our tax dollars going out I remember those old days at the old
Miami arena where we had to go for the hockey games all the time and you'd sit there and you'd see
that met those metro rail trains coming back and forth and and empty and one or two people sitting
on them I mean it's been that way for years ever since they built that thing and it's the biggest
waste of money they're people starving that that poor girl and if I you need the money and they
spend a billion dollars for a train that nobody rides another one do some work do you think you think
it's gonna the people vote no for you think they're not smart to my I think it's gonna get defeated
so badly that they're not gonna know what's what's what I think and one more thing how much money
was John down worse that do you understand though you now you get to the financial and we don't
want to talk about those things I mean he's got it had to have been worth at least a hundred million
dollars I have no idea yeah nobody ever says that it never comes out no no because then you turn
into what's all the family's money and then of course it takes away all the fun have a great day sir
they're into the in the middle of the pregame show right now so they should be getting pretty warm
with that ceremony going on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
will it ever end that's the question inquiring minds one and oh will this JFK junior insanity this
madness will the media ever stop ever come to a conclusion will we ever get closure oh close this
through the time we show my favorite show
wonder why I like the time ring show it puts the lotion in the basket
my
ain't it
yes my
oh
my
ain't it
my
ain't it
my
ain't it
my
ain't it
Hi kids y'all like cut little stinkers that's my little sound that comes right out you stinkers
want to copy me and do exactly like I do yet pay for writing little songs about
boo boo my brains are gone i'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which
spice girl i'm gonna fart on and dr. Dreass your magic pastes hell no what do i sell ass
man you low play well since age 12 it seemed like i always smell like
thought gripping gases and dootling was pretty swell i got pissed off when i took my jeans off
and farted so hard after my luck went backwards like Chris Croft and every night i'm like
oh dinner has been fun out my ass fast and a fat bitch you ain't too fat smell this honey
you'll be waiting for girl to i don't give a godfathers me to think the world up
my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
my kids she's the one of me kicked out back in junior high said the problem was something
cold up my ass and died i shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when i
covered his depths of use toilet paper walking the strip club my tattoos were filled up
moves the bartender took a dump and a kill come up went over to a dancer had a fucking
regard she lifted a leg up and i knew she was a pharter 99 cent of my life i was lied to
just found out my mom got all gas and i do i told her i broke up to be a famous rapper
they were wrapped about strange noises made on the crampor you know you was dirt when the
man rushed to leave he dropped the hose of back but she wasn't even received
the sky of white gas and said it was pretty cool but i had to go go drop the kids off and move
my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my
133 a.50 W2 and by the way speaking of inversals we have some punk who's obviously
of anything different a lot of time on his hands who's crawling over and over again one of those
little holdios, who's desperate for somebody to talk to maybe you want to talk to him
he's in dayed County 305 383, 5368 383 53, 68, maybe colline the keeping busy okay because he's
obviously in desperate need of some companionship.
What's he called?
6422 times so far today?
Yes.
The 305-383-5368.
Do we want to talk to him?
No.
No.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got the mad dog.
Jim Maddits for Hanking in today at two o'clock,
who was sizzling.
He's on fire.
He's rolling it baby.
And maybe smoking it too.
Donnie B with the pre-game, the pre-pre-game.
And then we got the actual pre-game at 630.
The Milwaukee at the Amarlem 705 tonight.
No.
Interest.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, sorry.
I heard a beep.
I got a few things to say, Neil.
First of all, you're gone.
Like about two years ago, I went to Italy.
And it's true you see at that place is like, I didn't know how to describe it.
It's like the best of everything is in Italy, especially in Rome and medicine, stuff
like that.
Right.
Last night on the Tom Green show, did you see the Higgs and Tennessee?
Yeah.
What they hang out is called Harpose.
And I don't know if you realize that, but open has a company called Harpose.
And Spool Harpose.
Spool Harpose.
It was Harpose.
I thought it was Harpose.
It was Harpose.
It was Harpose.
Harpose, which is over backward.
Right.
And that place was called Harpose.
Yeah.
And they were all butcheredinics.
Yeah.
Anyways, with these stadiums, I don't think public money should keep on subsising those
things.
And I think that everything you say is the best stuff.
Yeah, but we've only got 165 foot yachts on, Henry.
I mean, a poor guy like that.
We ought to help him out, don't you think?
That's right, thanks.
No.
Exactly.
Anyways, Greg Reed, Salamamah, I hang Elipa Baltimore.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the only 18 to the world.
Somebody said, was he didn't like that picture of Greg in the paper this morning?
Let's do a mobile in Naples.
Hello?
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I spy report on the 770 FTC situation.
Yes.
While back when you guys were on, you guys over here were not on Deleg.
Oh, wait a minute.
George, George, listen to this.
Go ahead.
When you guys, when the colors would call, the delay was not working.
So everything that was said like, you know, flocked to it.
Yeah, you would have to imitate the word Jim.
Well, all of that was coming through without a problem.
So we've heard about that.
We talked about that.
I talked about it on the year they had no delay and they still were putting the talk
to one year.
And of course, over here, we're bleeping it and didn't get on the year.
But over there, every word that was ever invented got on the year.
How do you like that?
Yep.
Yes, sir.
And I believe it's leaving to our audience staff to figure these things out.
Of course, you see, and the reason that you guys got to figure it out is we have no communication
with four Myers.
The beesleaves have never had any discussion, even able with Greg.
They just opened the pot.
They put it on the year because they own this company.
And so there's no discussion of coordinating the show with them over there or what to do.
You know, or when they had the delay problem, they could have put something else on the
year.
But they have their coolest.
They just open the pot and think they got a radio station.
You got it.
I know.
Plotmeisters.
That's what you people are.
Beasleaves, you're a bunch of schlockmeisters.
It'd be nice, beasleaves, if you come up with a damn toll-free number.
Oh, yeah.
Hold your breath.
And now they're going to say, well, we're going to have to pay this $35,000.
Okay.
I don't know what he just said, but.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
There you go.
One of our listeners getting a little bit emotional at the end.
But he's absolutely correct.
We're running the show with no delay there for quite some time.
Over on the West Coast, and you reap what you shall sow, okay?
What you sow, you shall reap.
Or however that bull crap goes.
So this.
$56,705, $60,000, $50,000.
$60,000.
Now it's starting to make a little bit more sense.
Because this thing R and R, by the way, they had, it goes to show you, give somebody a
little bit of information like whoever this bogus reporter was for radio and records.
Put this thing in the first of all, it wasn't QAM in Miami.
It was QAM in Naples, which is really WCN770.
And secondly, Greg Reed declined a comment because Greg Reed has got nothing to do with that
radio station.
And thirdly, it had nothing to do with this thing with lyrics about oral sex because there
was no such bit to the tune of I don't want to grow up.
But they're sure it's how a lot of words getting on here over there that had no business
because on economy because they were putting on a talk show with no delay.
And I'm not sure.
I mean, that might not be it, but I have my doubts.
I have a strong feeling that it's probably what it's all about.
You go to hell, new dad.
A sad is a guy that you may find.
At the seashell wearing the spedown, they come in all sizes as they range.
They're making lots of delicious food.
And yes, that can be a number check.
That's work on telephone lines and stuff.
That can be construction workers.
Yes, I'd like to make one.
I know I can't find no stuff.
A sad is a guy I'm going to have on a date with me.
We can spend a wonderful night with the transvestite and the transvestite scene.
I can't find no stuff.
A sad is a guy I'm going to have on a date with me.
We can spend a wonderful night with the transvestite and the transvestite scene.
What?
What?
What?
Why are you looking at me like that?
I wasn't looking at you until you started doing something.
Oh man, what a look of panic.
I thought maybe pizza loft was working its way back through you again.
Wow.
Junior over here, he just had a little pizza loft experience and I was just saying, wow,
I think it's just a coincidence.
No.
We all have a son all got a nature is calling.
What's that butter sauce?
Yeah, that must be it.
560, 560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
New gut.
Yes sir.
I just want to let you know that according to the talking heads on MSNBC, John was worth
50 million bucks after his mom died.
I couldn't care less.
I know me either.
Evidently, his mom did some interesting legal with rain wings with the ONASA family to
care him a $20 million in her.
By the way, remember the woman that called me a couple of days ago said, oh yeah, he did
everything with his own money.
All I can say to that is.
Yeah.
All right.
With his own 50 million.
Thanks for the good news.
By the way, was that John Gibson that said that?
How I got to go.
560, 705, 60, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you watch that MSNBC long enough, it'll make you sh**.
That's right.
Worth in pizza lock.
Here's a mobile in the gable.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was reading a book called Peter's Cotations Ideas of Our Time and I found a quote that I think
you'd like.
It says, theology is an effort to explain the unknowable in terms of not worth knowing.
It is not only opposed to the scientific spirit, it is opposed to every other form of rational
thinking.
There's another little part to it.
It says, a philosopher is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isn't
a blind man.
He's a gentleman who finds it.
Right.
Neil and Closon has the Kennedy's.
What is it?
F the Kennedy's.
Okay, thank you.
He said, F the Kennedy's is what he said.
I'll pass.
They got enough action going on.
How's William Kennedy Smith doing, by the way, is he getting plenty these days?
Oh, good.
Thank God he didn't rape anybody.
That's all I can say.
That would have been real bad if it would turn out that he'd have really done it.
We all believe that he had.
We believe he was innocent, I think.
No.
Come on, we got about 14 minutes to kill here.
We got the 400 open lines.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line here on the gym medits for Hank Goldberg,
warm up show.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Neil, how are we doing today?
Okay, sir.
Terrific.
Anyway, I wanted to let you know, I'm the former Miami native.
I was born down there.
What, what do you mean a former?
I mean, I was born in North.
That's what I was saying.
I'm a former American in the Indian.
Yeah.
Anyway, analysis is the main reason why I'm afraid to go work down there.
Penelope?
Yes.
I thought that was in St. Petersburg.
Penelope?
Oh, it's their penis.
Mayor Pinga, yes.
You know, I think it's the only thing I can tell him is that if he wants to, if he ever wants to have my business down in Miami,
he's going to have to put an end to this penny tax nonsense.
No, the voters are going to do that next Thursday.
Forget about him going to have to do it.
He's already in bed with those people behind it.
The voters are going to have to just say, no, next Thursday.
And that's what I'm requesting that the voters do.
Okay.
They know to hire tax.
Early in office, sir.
No, no, no.
Thank you.
No, no, no, no.
One more time.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
Thank you.
560, 7.0560.
Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Don't forget Screw Magazine.
Go out Monday and pick up 20 or 30 copies.
Al needs the money badly.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Phil.
Neil, how you doing today?
Okay, sir.
All right.
Now, I just wanted to reiterate anybody who votes for a tax, votes just for a tax is a fool.
And my question is, if supposedly it stopped all the stealing in the port, all the stealing that was going on,
where we should have like tons of money to do anything we want.
Yeah.
If the stealing stops, there should be no reason to raise taxes.
It's just use the money that we're getting and use it for whatever we need it.
Yeah.
And that is also.
Okay.
Got a good question.
Love your show.
Thank you so much.
560, 7.0560.
560, 560, 7.0560.
Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
How are we going to get through to all these people that are watching that the masquerade going on today?
That nonsense, that foolishness, that in that insanity.
Is that thing still going on, by the way?
Let's take a puke.
I can't handle it myself, but let's take a puke.
Oh, they got a commercial on.
All right.
You know something, this is the rarest of times when they actually put a commercial on all these network stations or these new stations.
We're all going, yeah.
We're not watching it, but we're at least we can see that it's not the other stuff.
Anything but that.
Anything.
Please.
I'm begging you.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I'm a Bob Lasseter fan and a Jerry Wichner man.
Yeah.
And my voice is boring.
And Neil.
Yeah.
Mr. Knight in 96.
Yeah, I know.
Are you going to do any personal appearance in your future?
No, George is doing all the personal appearances.
No, I'll be yesterday's the news.
George is getting all that because George works real cheap.
Because number one, I have a gift for you.
My late father was a pharmacist and a pharmacist.
Awesome. Good job.
Great.
But he has, he used to make certain things that I think you'll like for your house.
I want to give it to you.
Okay.
And number two, I also have to tell you a story about a doctor I can't mention his name.
And when I see you, I got a story that will blow your brow off of the doctor that's near and dear to your heart.
You won't believe it.
Okay.
I can't really.
I can't mention over the phone.
Can't you tell George off the ear?
No, I'm afraid you'll mention on the ear.
No, I promise you I will not mention it on the ear.
My head, George knows if I promise you I will not.
You just, you can't do that to me.
Okay.
Because I've been waiting a long time to give this dedication to your dear friend, Jeff Rimmer, who I've mentioned a bit of a lemma rather than a gepper.
But you didn't know that he went out to the wrinkly field.
You know, they do the seventh inning, take me out to the ball game.
Yeah.
And he did an audition, he dedicated it to you.
And it went like this and I'll tell George the story.
They stuck.
But the dedication went take me out, Neil.
It's a rimmer.
Take me out for a steak.
It don't mean scissors.
Buy me some cocktails and other snacks.
I don't care if I reciprocate back for it, nor snore, snore, snore for your homeboy.
I ever picked up a check in my life.
For it's one, two, countless meals I've sponge.
Thanks, Neil.
Oh, goodbye.
I'll tell George the story.
Okay, hold on.
Okay, he's on eight.
Make sure you get that information and make sure we don't repeat it down the year.
Two great honors from our buddy there.
Thanks, Scott.
Come on now, Rimmer.
You got a nice free meal last night and so did I.
Thanks to our friends at Bruce Chris.
By the way, we love them.
That's for them.
We like them a lot this week.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 1.
We like them a lot better when the food is free.
That's right.
That's the way it goes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 60.
On the 18 T wireless line.
