Had a chat with the young priest in Rome who said the Holy Father agrees with your audience by the way that anal is definitely the way to go
Oh, that's what he said
Pope is big on the rectum. Have you seen it lately gigantic huge one?
And I'll tell you what else there big on over there is Viagra. Oh my god. That's all they're huckin a Chinese about over there
And you know if those old priests are gonna keep up with those young altar boys
Gonna take gonna have to be popping a lot of goddamn pills
These are facts in the church which by the way, I don't want to start on an anti Catholic or anti religious note
I got a great book which this is actually a book you can buy here. I would assume
Because usually I get these funky books like that
You know the farewell to God that tumbled in book well you have to call candidate you have to do this
Yeah, and this book I'm sure you can actually buy here Hollywood censored by Gregory D. Black
Morality codes Catholics and the movies now I picked this up and I leave through it
I said this book is for me god damn it. This is exactly what I've been talking about
See what I don't understand is how come when the Pope comes here?
Isn't this isn't the Pope a Catholic?
Uh-huh. How come when he goes to Cuba? He comes here. How come that's a big story?
How come when some Hindu bastard comes here? It gets like two seconds on the news
How come when some of the old Jew comes here? They get like 15 seconds on the news
But everywhere the Pope goes since I hate to break the news to you the Catholics are not a majority in the world
I won't say anywhere in the world because unfortunately Latin America were the reproducing like rabbits
Yes, they do happen to be a majority of big majority. That's the idea in Italy
They think they're the majority but still most of the people and by the way
I found out also from another young Catholic in Italy
Guess what you know all those people all those geckys at Sunday, Massive, DeVatican 80% of them are
Americans
Tourist uh, yeah 95% of them are tourists to begin with but 80% of them are Americans
Don't Americans who got this religious thing hanging around the hill like a guy they know but trust and the Italians
They're let they're given them the old Italian salute. They're given them the Bafangulas what they're given them and rightfully so
But you know, I'm reading this book about the Catholic church and about the Catholic League of Deicency and all this other crap
And I'm thinking to myself as I'm reading it
Who the hell are they to dictate what the hell belongs in the movies around the air or any other god damn thing
For everybody see they don't want to just dictate for themselves for their own lemons and little sheep that come along
They've been doing that for centuries with that book list. They got you know with all the banned books
Like uh grapes of Roth stuff like that they figure that was Jewish
But they're running around telling everybody in the god damn world and there are minority
Buddhist put them to shame for Christ sakes and thank God while I was gone
We didn't have no religious insanity in the world. Thank God for that that you know crazy countries like indian
Pakistan were testing nuclear weapons while I was gone
Thank the lord for that we had important crap going on in this station the marlins were losing every day
Right got all this good stuff in here in this great great book
Which you ought to be uh going out and getting it hollywood censored by Gregory D. Black and by the way the uh the thing
I was looking for before it's called the index liberal and prohibitorium
But you like that prohibitorium excuse me
A list of banned publications. This has been going on for centuries
Centuries
In which the Catholic Church has been banning books and giving a list of banned publications to their lending to their sheep to their followers
To their goose depers
And
Catholics at one time or another have been forbidden to read Dante's the divine comedy fieldings Tom Jones
Flalbert's man and Bolvary Hawthorne's the scarlet letter victor Hugo's lady is a rob and more yeas done one
The list was wide ranging and brought together under a heading of a mixture of political philosophers all deemed dangerous to Catholic minds
Confucius Lenin Vladimir not John that is John Locke John Stuart Mill Thomas
Pain John Jacques Russo Trotsky and Voltaire the list of forbidden volumes represented the world's great
Seminal ideals and philosophy economics and social theory contemporary novelist on list included John those past
Osteador drizer William Faulkner Ernest Hemingway and Sid Clare Lewis all those communist abathards how do you like that
And you assholes continue going there and lending them your tangible support and they keep telling you want to know
Why they don't want the members of their flock to read that material
Because then they might be able to use their brain. They don't want them exposed to any other kind of ideas except the craft
Except the horseman or that their brainwashing into their minds
And of course we see it again today. Oh
It's so you know we have all these horrible things going on with school kids killing each other
So it must be because the movies that it's the Jews that are making those movies in Hollywood
That's what they were saying back in the 30s in this book by the way
virulent anti-semitism that made Hitler look like a like a baneid writh member
That's how anti-semitic the church was then and guess what they still are
And they got plenty of company like dr
Kennedy up there at Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church with his virulent anti-semitism
parodying the same stuff that I'm reading in the book that was said back in the 30s
About those Jews those movie makers those degenerates
And by the way dr
One of your musicians in the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church is a faggot
Oh no
Yeah, I'll get it on first-hand information
Here's a nobody cares about that crap. Here's a mobile and Okachobi. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir
How are you on buttload?
But what I feel like saying. Oh, I'm a hulio and I heard you're at tapes last week
And it was all about anal and anal and anal yeah, I'm the all loud up over the weekend. I bet
I'm married to a hulie
And I heard
That too and I heard over the weekend. I mean over the last week to take
Some guy saying that they don't like to do it. It's true. They're not into it heavily, but given the right conditions
Yeah, I kind of like that they get into it and you kind of have to take it
You know you can't expect it every time it'll have a lot to face it
I mean Cuban women of all over the world what a waste of a big ass that would be you know
I want to commend this waste of a gigantic round rectum
Just an amazing voluptuous, you know circular pattern with a big brown eye winking at you and you know
You cannot help but get wanting wanting to go in there really
Uh, it just happened
Well, the exploration party pal will follow later maybe you never know. I mean you know I just like and like I said
Anybody anybody in there we know
Never met anyone in the like yeah
And the thing is you know who he is will give it up once in a while and they feel the uh, you know
Whatever the biometric pressure is right away. I said the Pope has definitely acknowledged
I was in Italy. He was making the speech of the Sunday sermon to people were like just peeing all over themselves
Because the Pope said Neil is right. Ain't was the best. Oh, he actually acknowledged yes, he did
That you like to give or receive both oh, there you go. I mean, you know
I don't like to receive. I never tried it. I don't think I will
But uh if your woman you know gives it up once in a while
Take it for what it's worth. That's the first thing that the the bishops teach the altar boys is that giving is the art of giving is what it's all about
It's a but the art of receiving it too bad either
When my wife gets it up I just say I take I accept it as a precious gift from heaven. There you go
And uh, you know, I'm not blessing my child
Just so forced if you know what I mean exactly have a nice decay and back to it
Oh
Leave it to that little pervert George. I heard spirie ports about this is that he was playing all kinds of tapes all weekend long about
The victims on and on and on that was by popular demand. Yeah, right the whole week they're demanding it and from the sound of it
They're getting it and liking it by the way
Very important thing that almost forgot about speaking of aegra do not do not ever
Pop a viagra just before you go check out a glory hole. Okay
What well that's gonna be I just that's our poll question today. I mean P O L E that's our poll question today
Anybody ever get stuck in a glory hole
Uh-huh, well, then I certainly you've read about couples where the man and the woman have gotten stuck no
Yeah, the man and a woman yes man and a dog no a man and a woman man and a woman yes get stuck stuck no
Yes, see you're in denial. Are we gonna have to go through another week of this again?
And they have to call a paramedic because of a mental
Emotional contraction and expansion and whatever. I'm not gonna draw you a guy named diaphragm
But the same thing with this glory hole business you know sometimes
There are guys usually they overestimate their own prowess
But once in a blue moon they underestimate and they take a look at that little hole that some pervert is drilled in there at home
Depot with with the drill that we certainly hope he bought in store
That's the least you can do at least is patronize the god damn stir if you're gonna dick around in your in their
Men's room hope he didn't put it back on the shelf
What about the drill but at any rate?
So you know you look at that hole and in the beginning
It looks like it's gonna be large enough to mess around with whoever's on the other side
And then all of a sudden oh my god is that expansion begins is that if iAgrac kicks in you got a real
major problem
This is sports radio
560 Q
a
Devo Sony sports showdown are you up to the challenge?
Saturday mornings and eight only on sports radio 560 Q
a
yeah
Hi Felicia
Gigi i love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Got you
I thought using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean honestly who grows hair on their shoulders anyway
Yeah, right. So what are you using now?
Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives. It's just called head. Let's show them about it girl
If you tie your down your own
And
Wow
Lots of places chicks you can sit up by my place later and i'll be happy to give you
In 50 minutes. I'll have you shampooed
Style and blown dry
Gigi you don't miss a lick do you?
Pants out great but is it expensive?
Not at all chicks. My brother says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than 10 dollars
Gully at that price everyone should be getting head
That's right, chick when you say head you set a mouthful. Hi, I'm dr. Raymond philottica from friddle industry
Let's tell you why you should get head
First of lubricate each limp hair follicle leading in a wrecked listening shaft
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root leading your hair soft shiny and exhausted
Nothing does the job like head great. Can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce?
Probably but you might want to try your girlfriend first
So
What hair with lots of volume nothing gets it up like head available to price you won't find hard to swallow and it's going down every day
Honey
We're out of shampoo. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said I want you to go out and get head
Oh, thank you sweet Jesus. I'm going down down and head makes a great holiday gift
Last Christmas my wife gave me some head then I gave her a pearl necklace
I've never seen her so choked up my girlfriend used to give me head and then we got married
Now I'm lucky if I get gergons lotion and a national gift
When you try to do a fun and talk
I can feel the good my son y'all
He's had him a shower no one I'm pumped
His head's the one who knows
If you buy it out your okay
That's your best friend's baby
I'm feeling low
Yeah, yeah, let's remember
The part I said
I can't get to feel better than you get some head
You'll feel better than you get some head
Oh
Come on give it a shot my air looks great
You the nap
Well when he was alive back in 1489 he was a little guy who's three four
foot five tied the round and faced him with a couple of kids and he was in charge of the vatic kid
both young
both
both
five
You see the folks is free to get married back then and spread the money around to their offspring and kids
So the packers at the Vatican may manage his sin and that posed a problem for his husband in him both y'all
The scat and the secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress back then
They all dressed in drag that helped keep it in his cousin then he won't found out he lose the game both y'all
both
y'all
both
One windy day is dressed blew up in the gut if someone yelled hey that guy has no nuts and like Harold and my bro is skirt below
high and every one knew it was the end of the line for both y'all
and
Barrett and worried the bank had go broke the Vatican chimneys melts down holy smokes from history spin doctors had this a race not long after they had to
Screetly replaced both John
Y'all
They buried him or her out of public view and it too held together with Scott taping blue these few words are written on his tomb
We pray that everybody will forget about you
Pope John
both five
y'all
In 1992
Roger Mahoney Roman Catholic Cardinal of Los Angeles told the Hollywood anti-pornography coalition that the motion picture industry was an assault against the values held by the vast majority of the people in American society
This is a Roman Catholic cardinal by the way of Los Angeles the movie industry
He maintained could not continue to hide behind a misplaced cry for freedom of expression
To curb the excessive sex and violence in current films Mahoney called for the reinstitution of the Hollywood production code
Which had ruled the American film industry from its adoption 1930 until it was replaced in 1966 by the current rating system
Industry officials expressed dismay at this plea to censor the movies not just for Catholics but for everybody whether you like it or not
Cardinal Mahoney's call for a modern crusading if the movies was no surprise the Hollywood in 1930 another Catholic priest father Daniel Lord
What a name, huh? That's almost like
Father Daniel Lord
Believe that the movies were corrupting American moral values to counter the influence of the moral movies
He wrote a movie code that prohibited films from glorifying criminals gangsters adulterers and prostitutes
Lord's code which soon became the Bible of film production band nudity excessive violence white slavery illegal drugs
misogynation lustful kissing
Suggestive postures and profanity from the screen
However went further than simply banning things from films his code also held that films should promote the institutions of marriage in home
Defend the fairness of government and present religious institutions with reverence. I guess he didn't see the movie priest
You think he saw it?
A basic premise of the code was that movies did not enjoy the same freedom expression as the printed word of theatrical performances
The most democratic platforms had to be regulated Lord argued because movies cut across all social economic political and educational
boundaries attracting millions of people with theaters every week in order to protect the masses from the evil influence of the movies
They had to be censored
It was evil Jew propagandist who are filling the people's minds with the truth. I mean with crap with what life was really all about
And let me see it again. Who the hell is the god damn Catholic church or these isolated fag priests to be running around
dictating morality and what everybody can see and watch it etc
What I mean are we out of our minds that this has been going on for like hundreds of years?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir
Well, mr. Rogers. I guess I'm one of your religious
paleontologists attacking in with you just tell you that neither the protest nor the Catholic church
teachers what to say about sex and the church
Yeah, yeah wrong
Oh, all I'd like to say sir
Let me ask you this if the Catholic Church doesn't teach what I'm saying that sex is for appropriation purposes only
If the Catholic Church doesn't teach that then how come the Catholic Church won't marry
uh
People who are incapable of
Having sex of consummating the marriage. How come they won't marry those people?
because
because
The Catholic Church recognizes that
That sex is just one part of the total person. Okay
And what about if somebody is impudent what about if somebody is a quadriplegic somebody who can't is incapable of consummating
Uh his marriage vows and having sex does that mean that the church should make those people live in misery?
Well, I know plenty of protest and churches that we're not talking about protest and churches. You're no protest and you're a cat lick
I'm actually well-prescible. Well, that's even worse. Well, I'd like to say to you that
uh, I don't think it's accurate that the Catholic Church
um
Tatives that only that sex is only to make children. Okay. Absolutely wrong sir
after
I will bring in proof positive tomorrow. I will read you from this book which is written by a very firm Catholic
I will guarantee you be on a shadow of it out those are the teachings of the Catholic Church
Well, so George is getting psychotic Hispanics calling off the year who are very upset about the uh,
Catholic comments I made today all religions are bullcrap but the Catholic Church has got a special place
That's right. There are some religions that are bullcrap but they're just basically benign but the Catholic Church is malignant
Malignant and if you want to be a sheep if you want to believe this crap this bullcrap that's being talked you by a bunch of
Ciliol men and dresses then be my guest or by a bunch of Ciliol bull bikes who look like penguins on a bad day
Do you have any kind of a mind any kind of a brain just a little tiny one? Oh, I'm sorry excuse me
But you've got to keep reproducing and don't forget no sex if you're not going to be making lots of babies
Okay, you're what I'm saying. Uh-huh because we don't want to get you'll pop up pissed off
Because that's when he starts uh, you know making sure that the weed that is going around is really bad really rotten to the core like him
You want the good weed you better uh, just quit making all the hanky pecky just go back in your house and make babies like Martha
Jean-Dequeen said in Detroit in 1967 when they were burdened the city down
That's what the Pope keeps telling all these poor shleppers all over the third world go make babies go make babies
That's right
And then we got all the fetus huggers running around the you know spreading their thing they love that fetus
Oh, by the way my special commendation to uh, what's the guy's name that asshole on channel four Dave
The one that's always out there with the tie. Oh, what the hell is his name?
Somebody will you don't know yesterday
They had that story about the woman that stood in front of the railroad train on the tracks and got killed
You didn't see that story didn't make the papers today. I didn't see it. This was on the uh six o'clock news last night
Dave Nelson is epic guy in channel four another brilliant question
He's talking to one of the cops who's investigating this thing and there was also a fetus on the tracks
Okay, so it was like they think that she just did their recommended suicide and that's like two people are dead because of the fetus and Dave Nelson says
Any idea on how old the fetus was?
Now I want you to keep in mind, okay?
This is a woman and a fetus who have just been run over by a railroad train big old chute-chute train, okay?
Anybody ever ride on a chute-chute train?
Yeah, any idea how old the boy that's almost like Larry King asking that poor girl who's a boyfriend had just been shot and murdered up there in Oregon
Yeah, you're gonna be at the funeral tomorrow. No, it's stupid
I'm gonna have a sale at pennies ass. Oh, I'm going out to buy me a dress. What?
Dave Stanley. Thank you whoever called. Thank you for a few sleep. Here's Boker. Hello
Yes, sir
Great a little bit show
I put the people in the
Or actually last weekend about protesting
Disney and gay day and barge noble and all this stuff. What's with religion? I mean seriously people are crazy
Yeah, that's right. You just said it. We ask it's a rhetorical question. Oh, they are crazy
Religion is just a justification for hatred. That's all this if a legitimization of hatreds or whatever they might be
I believe you 100% I had this idea. I want to do so bad next next time to go up there and protest
I want to go up go up there and protest one clown suit protest them
You know and like make them feel really stupid
Of course then they'll plot the Bible and leave it at me and say no you're wrong
First of all, let me ask you don't they understand all those religious those right wingers that they're not welcome at Disney World anyway
That's a date club you moron. That's right. They're not welcome there. Apparently not okay. Butch up pal
I don't want one for the other. Yes
Your 2000 when you get my friend will fight Jesus were gonna start a new cult and you know get 10,000 people membership
That's a picture extra $100. I should get do it on the internet man. You'll have a
Do it on the internet man. You'll have a million by the end of the week. You bet. Okay. Good luck. God bless you
There you go. There's yeah, God junior. We have an open line in brow at 5.67
You had to smoke your pot and suck your whatever hell it was whatever that was he was thought that was good
That was excellent sir after your horse. Oh, if my horse. I didn't do no horse not a one
There were a lot of heterosexual people over there doing horse you know those hookers in the windows in the red light district
Lots and lots didn't do no horse sir hate to break the news to you
And if I did I'd proudly come back and get like a list. We'll see you over there doing people is that what is it? Oh no
Here's a mobile and candle hello
Hey, you know congratulations on what on your reach on my race. Yeah, my week. We're going
Uh, no, my name is role second time codder. Yes, I'm talking to you again. Yes
I'm a Christian now used to be a Catholic but I'm a Christian. What is that? What does that mean? You're a Christian Christian
I don't believe in a lot of things that
Like the virgin Mary
uh, etc
Uh, I'm a Cuban. I don't like giving it to the butt and I sure love eating pussy. Okay, great
Okay, another account lover for you and he's a Christian. Well, that's so what it's all about
He's a Christian baby and he said he loves
See is what he said. Well, you can't say that on here. Can you? I mean James Bond pussy galore
He could say that but you can't say what he said but he's a good Christian and he's a holy. Oh, what do you want?
He's a maniac. He's got to have it. He's he's hot-blooded. It's in his blood, baby
Just wait for those blood test results come in Raleigh. You're in big trouble
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it
A Goldberg weekday afternoons at two sports radio 560 Q
AM
I'm going to get fucked up.
I'll buy you nothing.
I'll take you to the truck.
I'll get you nothing.
I'll buy you another soul.
Now I'm sure there might never be more.
Shopping for an eye could work.
I'll only fix it out.
Shopping for an eye could work.
I use a MasterCard.
I use a Beezocard.
I use a Scobocard.
I use a Tabacard.
I find a sailboat.
I find a bargain.
I find a bargain that I want to buy more.
I'm shopping for a shopping boy.
I'm shopping for a shopping boy.
Get fucked up.
I buy it up and then.
I take the truck down.
I'm down for sale.
I buy another soul.
Now I'm sure there might never be more.
It gets fucked up.
I buy it up and then.
I take the truck down.
I take the truck down.
I buy another soul.
Now I'm sure there might never be more.
See if there's no fact in the church.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
This is a shocking moment for me.
I'll tell you to get out the crying towel.
There's no fact in the church.
This just in.
This morning it was announced in Rome
that Pope John Paul II had accepted
my resignation as Bishop of Palm Beach
in accord with Canon 401.2.
This news release, this is the Bishop Joseph Keith Simon,
second Bishop of Palm Beach's resignation,
sent to the Vatican this morning.
I am grateful to the Holy Father for his paternal concern
for me and for this Church of Palm Beach, which
have been privileged to serve for eight years
and for having appointed Bishop Robert and Lynch
as Apostolic Administrator of the Diocese.
As painful as it is for me and will be for others,
I feel it important to make public the reason for my resignation.
This is a fact in the Church.
Early in my 40 years of priestly ministry,
I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with minors.
Oh my God.
Realizing the gravity of my past actions,
I have been 16 years trying to live my promises
of celibacy and chance to me and have immersed myself
in my ministry as priests and as officials.
In other words, Father, old soul, God.
I have prayed each day for these persons in their family.
It is a memory for which I have lived for far too long.
This is a fact in the Church.
I apologize to all whom I have heard in any way
and if by this action they might seek spiritual, emotional,
and psychological comfort and attitude,
then this painful moment for the Church and for me
they prove to be beneficial, but let's not hold our breath.
If you can find it in your heart to pray for me,
I seek those prayers and I shall be comforted by them.
If you can find it in your heart also
to forgive my feelings of the past, I shall be grateful.
At some of the time, I hope the people of God
and the Church of Palm Beach will be able to appreciate
what I have attempted to accomplish
while serving as your bishop.
As I take leave of you, I express my heartfelt gratitude
to the priest that decends the seminarians,
the religious and altru boys, of course, and Leity,
who have collaborated with me in building the local church
into a vibrant, caring diocesan family.
May God grant us every needed grace at this moment
and throughout the months ahead,
says Bishop Joseph Keith Simon's
in his cheerful resignation to the Holy Father
in the role of this one.
Don't forget.
This is a fact that you're in the church.
All right.
So anyway, how do you like that?
Another one of those isolated incidents.
God, I can't get over that.
Another child molesting priest can't be true, can it?
No, of course not.
More propaganda from those atheist bachelors in the media.
Daniel Rogers, God.
On Jesus' Louisiana긴 goes World King Cross.
She said, I'm gonna run from you.
Don't know when I can't come from you.
That's it.
Oh, my, who she is.
All right.
Oh, my, who she is.
Oh, my, who she is.
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold my who she is.
You know, it's just gone down me.
The irony is the fact that this book, Women Sexuality in the Catholic Church by Yuda Rankai
Heinemann, is on Penguin Books.
I was just thinking about those nuns in their Penguin outfits, and this is on Penguin Books.
It works in mysterious ways.
Damn, God!
Told you.
It's on Penguin Books.
There's a very interesting last paragraph in here, rather long paragraph, but nevertheless.
It says, during the trial of Galileo, Cardinal Bellarmin, who played a decisive part in the trial,
wrote on April 12, 1615 to the Carmelite Monk, Paolo Antonio Foscarini.
Oh, he makes great pasta, by the way.
He wrote to Paolo, he said, to assert that the earth revolves around the sun, is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin.
This equating by the Church of the I.D. is first that the earth is the immobile center of the universe,
and second that Mary gave birth as a virgin, means that Bellarmin's proposition can also be reversed,
so that Mary no more gave birth as a virgin than the sun revolves around the earth.
Now that the error about the sun can no longer be maintained, and the earth has been given permission to be a planet,
the error about the virgin is still to be corrected.
For too long, human understanding and Christian faith were violated by the false doctrine that the sun revolves around the earth,
to this day they're being violated by the false doctrine of the virgin birth.
How do you like that?
God almighty.
Just something to think about, because we know it's all filthy and disgusting.
Sister Mary Catherine Jesus.
Here's Carl Spring, hello.
Yes sir.
I'd like to follow up on a caller here yesterday.
I was in the corridor.
I had a call yesterday?
You had a caller?
No, I remember any.
The guy called up and said, what's wrong with people believing in whatever religion they want?
It doesn't hurt anybody.
Right.
I heard that too and I thought to myself, I got this guy doesn't have much of a knowledge of history at all.
Don't you think that since people act on their beliefs, if you've got six billion people wandering around the planet believing in fantasies,
don't you think that that causes some damage?
Of course, when most of the conflicts in the world, there are two basic things.
Two basic things that cause conflict in the world.
One is territory and the other is religious differences.
Those are the two basic things that cause all conflict in the world.
And religion institutionalizes hatred amongst groups.
And for example, if you look in the Middle East and you look at that territory, it's not so much a question like in Jerusalem.
It's not a question of whether it belongs to this one or belongs to that one.
The question is you've got the Muslims, you've got the Jews, and you've got the Christians.
And to then they all think that that's their city because that's all their holy thing.
So you know, it's insanity.
More people are killed every year in the name of religion.
You've got the people bombing the abortion clinics and the plant parenthood clinics.
You've got people throwing the chemical crack into the mailboxes.
These people are insane. They're out of their minds.
How about people breeding unnecessarily because of religion?
Right, because the pope is running around and telling them to make more babies.
So we have more starvation.
Of course, listen, I mean, why should we have to waste their time documenting it?
It goes without saying.
And if I look at it, it's so wimpy, huh?
I don't think religion is benign and that guy does.
It's malignant and have a great day.
My malignant friend.
We have an open line in day one and broad.
That's why I'm talking about it.
I mean, if it weren't even worth talking about it, if everybody left each other alone,
I don't give a crap what you believe.
If you want to believe in little green men on Mars, more power to you.
Who gives a crap?
Who when people use this garbage?
Well, the Bible says this and about who the hell wrote that crap?
Are you out of your mind? Are you crazy?
Are you nuts?
The Bible says, man, old man, and how many times was it translated and twisted and manipulated?
And in addition to which, who the hell wrote it like this book I'm talking about today?
Women's sexuality in the Catholic Church, is it just a coincidence that God created Adam?
Is it just a coincidence that men wrote this for these bubble ICs?
He didn't bother creating a woman, of course, because a woman is like an underling or a hundred dog.
Whatever the hell that word is.
So, all the bunch of silly old men wrote this self-serving crap.
And then finally, in 1920 in this country, what is that?
Only 78 years ago women finally got the right to vote.
Huh.
And then don't forget about those good old slaves and all the other bull crap.
And the people, well, the Bible says, don't you understand your parents told you
outstanding clause in the two-fairy tune?
You believe in them?
Oh, okay.
At least you're consistent.
Here's Dear Field Beach, hello.
Marlneal, the Bible says the wage is a center desk.
Yeah.
And you have a wicked blasphemous broadcast.
Uh-huh.
And we'll get to what I'll let me ask you something.
Are you going to die of your even live forever?
I'll live forever.
You'll live forever.
You'll live forever.
Where are you going to be after you die?
Where are you going to be?
I'm going to heaven.
Where are you?
Well, it's the opposite of where you're going to be.
Don't tell me where I'm going.
I'm not where I'm going.
Don't tell me where I'm going to go.
Let's hear about what's going on in heaven.
Let's hear about what's going on in heaven, sir.
What's going to be going on there?
We won't be burning up in the lake of fire.
No, don't tell me what you won't be doing in Lake of Fire.
What are you going to be doing here in heaven?
What are you going to be doing up there, sir?
What are you going to be doing?
And he just keeps repeating the wages of sin or death.
Just over and over.
Hail Mary, holy Mother of God.
Blessed our time, Lord.
Let's say about your Hail Mary.
He's okay to save this poor Son of a bitch.
Oh, he's not a Catholic.
Sorry.
I take it back.
Just by...
I mean, that was like said from heaven.
Immediately, if not sooner, I get the response I'm looking for.
From another one of these brainwashed idiots.
Like a parrot.
Just, you know, you can teach a mind a brutal repair.
Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah.
Just repeat the same crap over and over again.
So that's our poll question today.
How many whole...
Hail Mary's does it take to keep your ass out of hell?
That's our question today.
How many Hail Mary's do you have to say to save your God-dami-turnal soul?
You're going to be burdened by the lake of fire.
Isn't that great loving God again that we're talking about?
That great goddamn loving God whose wrath shall wax hot.
But God is perfect.
He can't have any wrath.
Oh, well, those are...
You're just shut up.
The Lord's God is a jealous God.
Now, she'll have the other God.
How can he be jealous of He's perfect?
Oh, stop!
He's entitled.
He's God.
He can do whatever the hell he wants.
He's...
Oh, God!
Right.
Oh, man.
I mean, you're talking about people so God-dami-dumned that it's...
A fetus has got more intelligence than these people who had whatever brain power they had at birth...
...sat from their bodies, just sucked right out of their bodies.
Oh, there he goes.
Talking about sucking again.
Well, hey, it works.
Screw life.
You think like Mary's done once all by...
...a big black mouth, a special ear, and a chocolate sweet of thy...
...crew life.
You don't think like filling a charity's wall.
You then dollar-dollar is sold anybody.
We could try a pulsing straw.
That's what you feel, right?
What throws up your ass in size?
What is that in size?
You can't leave no trace in size.
You don't have to feel right.
Screw life.
You be the bitch I banged you down.
I smack your hand and bruise up your mind in the way you lie.
Screw life.
You get my bow, go long and strong.
It carries their body to hold your hand no further but strong.
You slap it, you wife.
You just beat my son.
The kind of bitch we love.
You don't have to do it well.
We got a big red nose in his eyes.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Here's my me-links. Hello.
Pretty good, sir.
I believe in God not because I'm brainwashed.
There's no explanation to everything that exists out here.
There has to be something out there.
What do you mean out there?
What is God?
A spiritual being.
What do you mean spiritual being?
Why does God have to be spiritual?
I can't really answer that.
That has to be an explanation for all of that.
How come God doesn't get rid of the devil?
That has to be good and evil.
Why?
To balance everything out.
Well, it doesn't balance.
In other words, cancer and bubonic plague and all these other diseases balance everything out.
Oh, is this...
And murder and mayhem and wars and nuclear weapons balances everything out.
Why didn't God create paradise?
Because the world can't be perfect.
Why? If God was perfect and He created it, then what you said is...
The world is not in terms.
The world is not perfect.
All the believers will tell you God is perfect.
He's omniscient, he's omnipotent, he knows everything.
He can do everything.
That's God, that's the God of the Goyam and the Adjuus.
It's kind of funny to hear people call up and argue with you about God and the church.
But they know your native gifts.
They still listen to you.
That's what I don't understand.
If you're going to be an odds with someone, why are you listening to their program maybe?
Because there's a part of them that loves it.
There's a part of their mind where they can't let it sink in.
But there's also a part of them where they know it's the God.
They're in truth.
Oh, sorry.
Okay, man.
God bless you, my child.
He's out there.
He's out there somewhere.
Out there.
Is it up there?
Is it down there?
Oh, we know where you're going to be burning in that lake of hell.
Because the wrath of God shall wax hot.
He is pissed.
Now, he's not pissed at the devil.
He's not pissed about all these diseases.
In fact, it's God that's always inflicting all these the famines and the plagues of the locusts
and the plagues of this and the flood and kill everybody on the face of the earth.
Because he was pissed off.
God can't get pissed off.
Only people.
Ever see that bumper sticker?
God don't get pissed off.
Only people get pissed off.
As in guns, though.
Yeah, you know how good.
We have an open line today.
56670560, 0560.
I mean, a bunch of silly old archaic Getskis wrote this crap thousands of years ago to try
somehow as here's a guideline for how we should be a little bit less barbaric.
So here's a bunch of parables.
Here's a bunch of bubble mice.
He's okay.
And now we got thousands of years later, people taking this crap literally and trying to interpret
it.
Oh, yeah.
Well, this, though, yeah, must have been this and it must have been Noah.
Yeah, must have been a mess on it.
Goddamn arc.
How the hell could they have a shovel big enough to clean up all of it on that arc?
Man, you got gorillas, you got tigers, you got leopards, you got panthers.
Maybe even Kirk Mueller was on that arc.
We can only pray.
And don't come back.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you ever see a picture of Jesus Christ, smile?
I mean, if he has the answer, he'll have to laugh.
Listen, if you were burning on it across and head nails in your hands, you would be a smile.
Oh, there's pictures before the cross.
Listen, that is the way I call.
What do you mean there's pictures?
Well, there's, you see pictures of Jesus Christ and before he got on the cross, he's not smiling.
I mean, if I had the answer, I would have to laugh myself.
Where did those pictures come from?
When were they drawn?
Drawing by people who believe.
But when?
Whenever.
Did they ever draw in smiling?
Did they ever draw in happy?
Anyway, that's not why I call.
That went on when I went with that's what this book is all about about women's sexuality
and the Catholic Church.
The book is about the fact that Jesus was joyless.
Jesus hostility to pleasure and it goes on about the fact that his mother couldn't,
she had to be a virgin or hymen had to be intact because Jesus never experienced any pleasure in his life.
I figured because you knew what's in heaven.
Anyway, Neil, I have an idea that maybe the spice girls were in heaven.
Yes.
Listen, these baseball games have got to hurt your ratings.
So I have a suggestion.
Go on with Joe Angel and take calls between batters and doing a thing.
I think it's a good idea because there are a lot of fishing changes.
I bet there's some good looking bag boys playing for the Marlins this year.
So you know, you can kill two birds and one of those.
Excellent.
Let me know what time your free games are.
We have an open line at day 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello?
No.
Yes sir.
Here's the upside to the whole Marlins issue.
Yes.
The cops finally have a team they know they can beat.
Yeah.
How about Arizona?
Well, there's the other upside.
Yeah.
So now you've got two upside.
Arizona's one like what?
6 or 7 games against the Marlins this year.
They've only won like maybe 15 or 16 all year and almost half of them against Florida.
And I have one other question.
Yeah.
Jesus didn't have sex when he was married.
Is that correct?
When he was married.
No.
When he was Jesus married.
Well, to marry.
Jesus was married to his mother.
Oh, your mama.
Get out of here.
You're too bastard.
How do you like that?
Jesus was married to his mama.
No wonder he wasn't having sex.
He was trying to be a good boy.
Maybe he's talking about Mary Magdalene.
That hokey.
That hooker while.
Yeah.
Jesus did not experience pleasure.
Don't you want to do?
I'm going to have to meet this whole goddamn book to you, mister.
He ate Jewish food.
Like I said, he ate a lot of stale moths as what he ate.
That's why it was the last supper.
He said, fat.
He sped the goddamn.
That's right.
Jesus was thoroughly lust-free, joyless, the joyless redeemer.
Free from any kind of sin.
Free from any kind of sensual pleasure.
Although Jesus was called a glutton and a tipler by his enemies.
How do you like that?
That's from Luke 734.
He certainly was not involved in the last and lowest form of human pleasure.
Sexual pleasure.
That's right.
This is a cordonouet ruling of the District Court of Hamburg, Germany in 1981.
In a case where they convicted an author for insulting religious creeds in affronting church institutions.
In that great bastion of freedom, Hamburg, Germany.
Jesus' hostility to pleasure had implications, first of all, for the married life of his mother.
Before his birth he laid down conditions for Mary's being allowed to become his mother.
According to the teaching of the church, Jesus would have taken no pleasure at all in the whole process of redemption.
He would not have become man to begin with, or he would have looked for another mother if Mary had taken pleasure in very more children beside himself.
This was explained by Pope Sirricius in the 4th century, who claimed that in such an event, Jesus would not have accepted Mary as his mother.
Jesus would not have chosen birth from a virgin, had he been forced to look upon her, as so unrestrained as to let that womb,
from which the body of the Lord was fashioned, the hall of the eternal king be stained by the presence of male seed.
There we go with that fine Cuban seed again.
How do you like that?
And this was not just the personal opinion of an individual Pope, as proved by the Catholic dogmatic theologian Michael Schmous,
who says that with his assertion, Sirricius was bearing witness to the unanimous teaching of the Catholic church.
No hanky panky, no stain of vagina, no broken, how a vuster hymen, none of that.
Got it, because sex is evil and it's so dirty, which is why God created in the first place, because He likes tempting man all the time.
And of course being omniscient, He knows what you're going to do. So He likes watching you screw up, because it's all part of a big grand plan.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Great.
Is that guy an idiot or what?
Which one?
Married to Mary.
He was married to Mary.
Mary to Mama.
What an idiot.
Yeah.
I just wanted to say, I think this is all revolving around money.
I grew up in...
I only shifted up.
A Catholic church.
Yeah.
I went to school on my life at Catholic school.
And the minute that you turn away from giving the money, you don't preach anything about God or Mary or whatever.
Right.
And it's sick.
So you're out?
I'm out.
I've been out.
All right.
Congratulations, sweetheart.
All right.
And God bless you.
You too.
Okay.
Bye.
There you go. She's out. She got rid of the bullcrap. She said, this is a big scam. It's a big business.
By the way, anybody here about that bishop from Palm Beach resigned because he was molested in a little kid.
How to sound, by the way.
What?
Got an update.
He's out of town already.
Yeah.
They gave him a head start before they released that.
Oh, they put him in the head start program.
In other words, so we'll give you a 10 mile head start and then we'll chase you right down.
He's gone.
The bishop from Palm Beach, who this morning, it turned into his cheerful resignation to the ill papa in Rome.
He be gone.
Bishop Joseph Keith Simon's no less.
Oh, oh, oh.
That's right.
Today in Rome, it was announced that Bishop Joseph Keith Simon's second bishop of Palm Beach has resigned.
Bishop Robert Ed Lynch has been appointed apostolic administrator of the diocese of Palm Beach.
And he released this tearful statement which I read earlier.
I'll which I'll repeat only one part.
He says, I feel it's important to make public the reason for my resignation.
Early in my 40 years of priestly ministry, I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with minors, not coal minors, but minors, little kids, little boys, little girls.
Realizing the gravity of my past actions, I've in succeeding years tried to live my promises of celibacy and chastity and have immersed myself in my ministry as priest and bishop and audio spare well.
He's gone.
Take a fact in the church.
Oh, that was a thing they're going in.
That's what the father said.
It's not just neo-Rodges on a radio trying to make the Catholic church look bad.
This is a major worldwide epidemic of perverts who are molesting your children.
Okay, oh, we don't want to hear about it.
Yeah, all your young people out there stay the hell away from the confessional booth.
Okay, when you hear those drilling sounds, when you hear those drilling sounds, I'll tell you right now, that's the time to open up your door on your side and scream out to the father.
You're looking for glory home and run like a son of a bitch.
Oh, God.
Hey, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been listening for the last week or so.
I want to weigh in on this anal sex issue.
You want to weigh in on it?
Yeah.
How far in?
All the way.
All the way.
Oh, God.
My girlfriend absolutely loves it.
Really?
Will you fudge back him?
Yes, I am.
How do you like that?
She, as a matter of fact, probably 80% of the sex we have ends up with the final deposit if you know what I mean there.
Thirds court?
Yeah.
Yeah, she says that she likes to carry it around with her and actually, no.
Like a souvenir.
Exactly.
And she says that-
If a lot cheaper than a locket, or I'll tell you that, and there's a lot less leakage that way.
Right.
If you know what I mean.
Excellent.
And also, I wanted to talk about today's subject, the religion thing.
Yeah.
I definitely believe in God.
I'm like that guy to call the couple callers ago.
I mean, what's the sense in, you know, alienating yourself if he does exist?
And-
That's called hedging your bets.
Well, exactly.
That's not real belief.
That's like, well, just in case maybe, okay, I'll say that I believe this crap.
What if you picked the wrong one?
Yeah, right.
Well, there are some things that have happened over the years, not that I'm an expert on it.
But I have, you know, heard of some things that sort of imply that there is a higher being out there.
Yeah, like those kids that just got shot in Oregon and those tornadoes that just eliminated that whole town in South Dakota.
Things like that.
You know, I'm with you in terms of religion-
Can't you reach the age tuberculosis, right?
Yeah.
I mean, organized religion to me is nothing but a for-profit scam.
Yeah.
That's all it is.
And the camera-
Let me say it again.
If there is a God, why doesn't he eliminate it?
Because by anybody's definition, any religion's God is omnipotent.
In other words, he's all powerful.
He can control everything.
Okay, he can do whatever he wants.
Why doesn't he eliminate the devil?
Hey, I, you know, those people-
And why was God so disappointed since he's omniscient and knows everything ahead of time?
And knows how it's got to turn out.
Why in the Bible was he so disappointed with the way that man was behaving that he had a drown everybody?
And put Noah and these old slippers on this ark and kill everybody else.
He knew ahead of time I was going to turn out.
Why would you tempt somebody if you know ahead of time what their choice is going to be?
I agree with you totally.
I mean, that's the million dollar question.
And this crap about money gave man free will.
There's no such thing as free will.
If you're omniscient, you know ahead of time what choice man is going to make.
So he created all these pitfalls.
He created the devil.
And then he just sits back and lets it all go on while he's wrapping a hot with his wax.
Doesn't quite seem like the way they wrap it.
He's black in it.
If you look at the Catholic Church though, you know, in particular,
you can go to any city anywhere in the world and the most expensive or some of the most expensive real estate in that town or that city will be owned by the Catholic Church.
Of course.
Guaranteed.
I mean, that religion has so many holes in it that it's ridiculous that does.
Even the shroud of torinda don't have as many holes in it.
Well, speaking of holes, you know, I just wanted to let you know that the heterosexual community rectum is alive and well and we are loving it.
All right.
Thank you.
Keep it up pal.
So to speak.
Okay, they're doing it man.
Maybe that wasn't a good idea.
Now watch out for that anal leakage though.
Oh God.
In fact, that's what they told me when I was over in Rome.
Those couple of days we were in Rome and I said well, is the Pope too busy for a personal visit today for a personal audience?
And they said, oh no, he's visiting the Purugina factory and I said, what's he doing up there? And I said pack and fudge.
What?
Purugina is a very outstanding.
The Italians are famous for their candy.
They love their fudge.
This is Sports Radio 560.
Now the U.K.A. am Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Tonight on the hysterical channel.
Famous radio myel store.
A reenactment of radio's greatest moments performed by the multi-talented V.K.A.
The old dynamo.
Lenny Marges.
Oh, the Christmas flag.
The Christmas flag.
All United.
All United.
Oh, no, no.
This is one of the fondest flying.
The fun all around.
Boom, boom, boom.
Uh-oh.
I think I was by the end of the candy we shot.
Uh-oh, when I got used to in standard time.
It was a central time, two blocks.
Uh-oh, the flag was well.
It was a giant flag.
The giant wind of heaven.
The giant wind of heaven.
The giant wind of heaven.
The flag was well.
The giant wind of heaven.
The giant wind of heaven.
The giant wind of heaven.
The giant wind of heaven.
The giant wind of heaven.
The giant wind of heaven.
You tell them Lenny.
This is the end.
Lenny Marges.
Reenacting famous moments of radio.
Tonight only on the hysterical channel.
The fun all around.
All around the world.
Love Maybe I feel bad.
Love Maybe I'm a bloodjack.
B이고 in a word.
microscopy and vib enter.
B
from a world object.
and vib並 di har livre.
Thank you for calling the football Hotline.
Oh baby hold me.
Oh yeah, that's it.
I love you're a legal use of hands
Oh, complete a cast for my wide receiver.
Oh, oh yes, oh yes, bond on my end zone.
Bread, my goal post.
Oh, that's an illegal procedure.
Oh, yes, touch down in my tight end.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Oh.
I'll try a couple of calls before we do this,
because this is pros and cons book.
This is a dynamite.
And I understand, I do realize right up front,
that most of the people don't care.
In other words, most fans, all I care about is,
I want my team to win, and I don't care if they're all a bunch of gangsters.
I don't care if they sign, oh, J.F.
If he can still run, sign his ass up and put him out there,
because as long as my team can win,
then I feel much better about myself.
It somehow makes me feel more significant as a human being.
Us, we, we're the best, we.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Now that you were talking about book track,
I hope you sell a lot of those books,
because there's a thing I think I was making much money.
I was at the Grove last week,
and I was staying at the Mayfor Hotel,
and he's trying to put it in.
Talk to your dad and see it.
Ha, have a good time, Pat.
You did, sir.
So, pros and cons, the criminals who play
in the National Football League by Jeff Benedict and Don Yeager,
and of course, all of our astute sports
do jockstrap orders on this radio station.
They should be having these guys on there.
They should be talking about this.
I mean, do we have to bury this in the closet?
Is that what it is?
Let me start.
Let me begin.
Okay.
Chapter eight.
This will take a few minutes.
It's not that long, but boy, this is beautiful.
And close to home.
I selected the chapter that I figured.
Maybe you can relate to.
It's the chapter is called,
What to Expect When You're Expecting.
Miami Dolphin's Team Headquarters,
Davey Florida.
It's a matter of any time that there's talent available.
You continually try to upgrade the bottom four or five spots
on your roster.
Miami Dolphin Tech coach Jimmy Johnson
told the group of reporters,
gathered at the team's headquarters,
December 2nd, 1997.
He was explaining his decision to offer a contract
and traveled running back Lawrence Phillips.
There's a large upside Johnson insisted.
If Lawrence does all the things we ask in a highly disciplined program,
then he can realize what his talents might be
and realize the success you probably thought he was going to have in a first place.
Less than two weeks earlier, the St. Louis Ram suddenly cut Phillips
after he was reportedly fined 56 times for violating team rules.
In his 19 month, 10 year with the Rams,
Phillips was arrested three times, served a jail sentence for domestic violence,
and was twice sued by women once for domestic violence,
and once for sexual assault.
Having received a second chance at the University of Nebraska following a brief suspension
for brutally assaulting ex-girlfriend Kate McEwan,
the Rams also gave Phillips multiple second chances before finally releasing him.
Johnson assured the media that he and the dolphins had thoroughly investigated Phillips
and that he was not the menace off often portrayed in the popular press,
all words that had been used by the Rams two words earlier.
Actually, I expected all the worst with all the rumors that you hear Johnson said,
and I can say this for a fact,
all of the rumors that you hear are not true.
We've checked out in factual information and the things you hear are highly, highly exaggerated.
Exaggerated? Although the attack on McEwan, which landed Phillips in jail
and had received excessive media play,
the scope of Phillips abusive behavior was kept hidden from the public.
McEwan, despite requests from countless national publications and TV networks,
never spoke publicly about her violent relationship with Phillips.
But on August 16, 1996, she did file a civil complaint
that the Jackson County Federal Court in Kansas,
in it she revealed a brutal litany of assault suffered at the hands of Phillips
while the two attended the University of Nebraska.
Although civil lawsuits are typically a matter of public record and available to the press,
McEwan's complaint was filed under seal.
To the liking of Phillips and his lawyers, reporters were unable to view its content.
However, on September 3, 1996,
Federal Judge William F. Maurer surprisingly lifted the seal.
In effect, Judge Maurer's decision left the painful details of McEwan's civil complaint,
available to any reporter who showed up at the courthouse and requested to see the file,
wanting desperately to conceal the details, Phillips lawyers acted promptly
and were able to secure a court order placing the document back under seal within 24 hours.
But during the brief window when the case file was open,
Kansas City Star Court reporter Joe Lamby was at the Federal Courthouse
and he made a copy of the complaint.
He's the only reporter in the country to have seen the case file,
Lamby reported these details from McEwan's complaint.
October 1994, Phillips shoved her head into a wall so hard,
it broke through the wall, then choked her and would not allow her to leave his apartment.
April 1995, Phillips asked her whether she was dating anyone else and threatened her,
saying, I'm going to shoot you in the kneecaps and then shoot you in the elbow.
This is Los Angeles gang style of dealing with people.
May 10, 1995, Phillips slashed her car tires and threatened to kill her,
then came after her demanding a glass of water and McEwan told him to get him,
after demanding a glass of water and she told him to get it himself.
August 24, 1995, McEwan agreed to drive Phillips who was drunk home to his apartment,
forced her to stay there and sexually assaulted her.
September 10, 1995, Phillips beat her and kicked her while she was at a friend's house.
She contends that he grabbed her hair, caveman style,
pulled her down three flights of steps and slammed her head into a wall.
All right, Phillips reached out a court financial settlement with McEwan,
which required that she neither discussed the nature of her complaint nor the details of the payoff.
Maybe the reason Johnson could so comfortably claim Phillips's record was exaggerated,
stemmed from the comparison of Phillips's record with some of his other players
who would either serve time in jail or been convicted of a violent felony.
Yet these players were never scrutinized by the press like Phillips.
For example, Johnson signed a little known free agent-wide receiver Charles Jordan in 1996
who developed into one of Dan Marino's most reliable receivers in 1997.
As a team growing up in Los Angeles, Jordan was an active member of the bloods,
the authorities who discovered that his criminal record make Phillips look like a choir boy.
You know, like I said, it's only a few pages close to home.
And if you're supposed to look the other way, you better tell me about that.
I don't think so. I have a hard time admiring a bunch of goons.
That's with a G. Whether they're black, white, yellow, whatever they're like.
I'm sorry. I just don't understand.
And you wonder why America's attitudes and values are all upside down.
And you're talking about the president's getting blow jobs up there in Washington
like any red-blooded guy and all the presidents who preceded it.
And we're supposed to be upset about that and rightfully indignant.
But here we're worshiping all your kids out there.
These are their role models, not all of them just too many.
Way too many.
Some of the worst scumbags walking around loose on the face of the earth.
And oh, geez, you know, they're wonderful people.
They're great. These are our heroes.
And by the way, how much more money can we dig up?
How many more loans do we have to take out so we can go buy season tickets
and watch these goons play and put on a very mediocre performance, by the way?
Oh, yeah. I heard somebody call Kimberlice night, you know,
bragging about the fact that Doc Ellis pitched an Oh,
hitter for the Pirates years ago while on an acid trip.
Well, that's great. Let's hear it.
Pros and cons. This is in your bookstore right now.
It's hot as a pistol, baby.
Jeff Bennett and Don Yeager on water books hardcover.
How much is it? Too much for most of you.
It's I don't know what the product.
Don't tell them the price. It'll scare them away.
Okay. On June 27th 1990, Kenny Jones was gunned down in a hill of bullets
while walking down a sidewalk near the intersection of 79th street
and Avalon Boulevard in Los Angeles, a five-block area between 76th and 80th street
to run Avalon Boulevard is home turf to a local gang calling themselves the swans,
a subset of the blood street gang.
Jones at the time he was shot was wearing blue the colors of arrival gang.
Neighbors were initially OGs, I'm more in blue.
Neighbors were initially reluctant to cooperate with investigative search for the killers,
but a week after the shooting officer Jerry Pierre,
or received information linking swan gang members, Charles Jordan,
aka Chuckie Tyrone Jordan, aka Wadi, and Glenn Jones, aka Glaibal to the murder.
According to a witness, the three were seen speeding away from the scene in a white-olds
car vehicle vehicle. Then on July 3rd, a man who lived at the corner of 79th street
and Avalon went to police and revealed that his 12-year-old son had been outside
at the time of the murder. According to court documents, the boy also saw a white-olds
vehicle speeding away from the scene. When police finally questioned Charles
Jordan about his whereabouts on the line of the killing, he claimed according to court
documents that he was at home, one block away on 78th, along with Glenn Jones
and he knocked nothing about the murder.
Police then severed a question Tyrone Jordan, who pinned the murder on fellow gang
members John Davis and Marie Stevens. However, Tyrone admitted that Charles and Glenn
Jones were at the murder scene and that Charles made comments about the victim
wearing the wrong colors just before the victim was shot. When police tracked down
Marie Stevens, he admitted that he and Davis were at the scene as well, but insisted
that Chuckie and Tyrone did the shooting. In follow-up questioning by police,
Jones admitted that he and Charles had concocted a story about their whereabouts
the first time they were questioned. In a September 13th interview with police,
Charles Jordan said that he lied about his whereabouts because he knew that the
word out on the street was that he committed the murder according to court documents.
The officers then asked Jordan if he would submit to a lie detector test after failing
it, Jones refused to cooperate further with police and their investigation. In addition to
being the prime suspect in the murder of Kenny Jones, Jordan had to appear in court
September 27th 1990 for a pre-trial hearing on an unrelated matter. He had been charged
with threatening to kill, Werenor Wilson and Wilbur Holloway when they showed up to
testify at the pre-trial hearing of Swan Gang member Craig Williams, who was
himself facing two counts of attempted murder. According to court documents on August
13th 1990, Jordan confronted the two witnesses in the hallway outside the courtroom and
an attempt to scare them from going inside. Jordan's rash intimidation tactics were
witnessed by LA Deputy Sheriff Sean McCarthy, who was in charge of the Williams investigation.
When I walked into the hallway after I got off the elevator, I saw two males
Jordan and Williams standing having a verbal conversation with both Ms. Wilson and
Mr. Holloway. McCarthy testified that Jordan's preliminary hearing on September 27th.
They were approached by those two males and they were encouraged just to leave court and
drop the whole incident. They defended in the attempted murder case. Williams offered
$500 to the victims if they would leave court. McCarthy testified that when the witnesses
rejected the harsh money, Jordan issued threats. At that point said McCarthy, Charles
Jordan made the statement, that is your life that you're missing with. At that point,
the victim, Holloway said, Mr. Jordan, is that some kind of threat? Mr. Jordan,
responded by saying, no, that's a promise. The threat worked. Williams and Holloway
ultimately left the court house without testifying that day. The sheriff's attempts to bring
them back at a later date were unsuccessful. I've been told by Mr. Holloway's family that
he's moved out and that he's afraid to testify. They don't know where he's moved. McCarthy
testified at a subsequent hearing. I've contacted Warina Wilson's family and was told that
she's moved to San Bernardino and they don't know where they are. On October 11th,
Jordan was indicted on two felony counts of dissuading a witness by a four-cer threat.
He later pleaded guilty on March 8th, 1991, to receive probation. Then October 31st,
Jordan was finally arrested and charged with a murder of Kenny Jones who was jailed and denied bail.
Two other swan blood gang members, Marie Stevens and John Davis were also jailed and charged in the murder.
Jordan's stay in the Los Angeles County jail, however, was far shorter than that of Steven's and Davis.
On January 25th, 1991, Jordan was released and the murder charges against him were dropped. Just days before
Jordan's release, Tyrone Jordan and Glenn Jones, who originally spotted driving away from the murder scene with Jordan,
testified at Jordan's pretrial hearing. In their testimony, they exonerated Jordan and implicated another man, John Davis.
These witnesses kind of changed the way they thought about things to where Charles Jordan was no longer involved.
So Davis's court appointed attorney, Matthew Kasner in court documents, Kasner suggested in court that Jordan
may have placed collect calls from the county jail and told Tyrone and Glenn Jones what to say in his pretrial hearing.
They're involved in a conspiracy number one to put these two men, Stevens and Davis away, Kasner suggested
to judge Clarence Stomwell. The second conspiracy was to get Charles Jordan out of jail. This is a three-defendant case.
The man who failed the paragraph is the shooter. He gets dismissed out of a preliminary hearing. That's Charles Jordan.
He's the leader of the gang. He puts out orders on these two witnesses. This is what you're supposed to say at the preliminary hearing.
Kasner's theory was that his client, Davis and Stevens, were taking the fall for Jordan.
I want to know is there anything in the group dynamic of this gang that when somebody has to go down on a shooting a couple of people
get pointed out and they do time and go right away because they were lower in the picking order. Kasner said to judge Stomwell and
there's a time to get a quarter to giving Maxis to the jail's pay-phone records. The judge did not appear to be bond Kasner's argument.
On January 9, 1992, the murder charges against Marie Stevens were also dropped leaving only Davis and jail witnesses
to a police that he was seen with a handgun at the scene. On January 17, Davis pleaded no contest to reduce charges of voluntary manslaughter
in the death of Kenny Jones and was sentenced to three years in prison.
It was Jordan, however, who insisted during a December 1997 interview with the SPN that he was the one who had willfully taken the rap for another gang member
by sitting in jail for nearly four months. He added that he would do the same again for a fellow gangster if the opportunity arose.
Jordan declined to be interviewed for this book. According to the author's research, Jordan's life is a gang member before entering the NFL
involved a wide range of other run-ins with the law. The following list was compiled from the Criminal Court document at Los Angeles Superior Court.
August 3, 1988, charged with taking a vehicle without owners consent, pleaded no contest to theft of property and sentenced to 30 days in jail.
August 21, 1988, charged with felony robbery in jail, bailed a set of $16,000 case-later dismiss.
January 1, 1989, charged with illegal gambling, no dispossession records were available.
February 20, 1992, charged with reckless driving and driving with a suspended license.
pleaded no contest was placed on probation and sentenced either pay a fine or served 10 days in jail.
He also was ordered to attend alcohol education classes on January 1, 1993, was founded by a list of his probation and sentenced to serve five days in jail.
Jordan was also charged on three separate occasions with possession of a controlled substance and in 1990, he was indebted for kidnapping.
Although he said he's no longer actively involved with the bloods, Jordan nonetheless still considers himself part of his gang family.
I may not be active by still consider myself as one he told the SPN. Further, Jordan continues to give proceeds from his dolphins paycheck to the swan bloods in Los Angeles.
Once I give it to them, it's theirs. I don't ask what it's about. I just handed to them to be continued in the second. He just be giving them the money, baby.
No offense football sports radio 560, QAPM.
Can beat that data meat.
When it comes to internet access, you want the best. No busy signals, a direct and local connection unrestricted access and most importantly, quick downloading.
After all, who wants to wait to see this week's latest edition of PORNO to the web? Oh, don't act like it's not you.
Studies show that over 85% of users on the web are there simply for PORNO. And it's nothing to be embarrassed about.
That's why we've invented America PORNO line. The fastest internet connection for X and triple X rated viewing there is.
How annoying was it when I was checking out the latest hooter site and I had to spend a good half a minute staring at this chick's damn face because it was taking so long to download the important parts.
Thanks to America PORNO lines fast connections. I'm in hooter heaven America PORNO lines for when your stop on the information super highway leads right to the red light district.
560 WQM the dolphins willing this to employ a gang affiliate is not extraordinary. The groundbreaking 1997 report ESPN outside the lines, Quantico the Climb of numerous NFL stars who made the transition from the bloods and crypts to the gridiron.
Redskins defensive and Chris Mims bangles running back Eric B. Enemy Jaguar defensive back the on figures and those running back Derek Holmes discussed their early exposure as teens to street gangs.
Holmes whose brother is on death row for three game related homicides said he owned his first gun at age 13.
How many former gang bangers play in the NFL Chris Mims estimated dozens the basic conclusion was that professional athletes are increasingly coming from the inner city and the inner city is where gangs predominate explained Matt Moran to produce the ESPN report on gangs.
Moran spent four months researching the connection between professional sports and gangs in the process he interviewed approximately 300 people among them gang experts law enforcement officials in NFL players.
The consensus of the players was that you can't grow up in an environment without having your life touched in some way by gangs. He explained in an interview for this book.
Given Jordan's track record is little wonder that Jimmy Johnson with a brain slow and Phillips when no other NFL team was eager to do the same.
Phillips had not been implicated murder cases nor a he had a confess on national television to supply financial support to a violent street gang.
Domestic violence was the biggest mark against Phillips which hardly distinguished him from his new mates. Miami's other running back Irving Spikes pleaded no contest to battery for beating his wife in 1996.
The police and wide receiver Lamar Thomas had been arrested multiple times for domestic violence during 1996 and 97.
A closer examination of the Thomas case reveals why it is no surprise that Jimmy Johnson would give Phillips another chance.
On October 13, 1997 one day after the offense defeated the Jets at Giant Stadium Jimmy Johnson cut veteran wide receiver Fred Barnett.
Lamar Thomas who cut five passes against the Jets for 75 yards including a crucial reception on the team's game clinching drive took Barnett's position in the lineup.
Fred does everything he was Johnson told reporters but had I not made the release I wouldn't have been fair to our team as a whole.
A consummate veteran with a favorable off the field reputation Barnett was replaced by the younger faster and criminal Thomas who's domestic violence record was more prolific than high as past catching statistics.
The bottom line is production Johnson said candidly days before making the formal announcement.
Indeed production was the priority when Miami signed Thomas the year before the heels of a vicious series of domestic violence attacks.
Much of the following account is based on court records and police reports obtained by the office of the office of the state attorney in Port Lauderdale.
On July 4, 1996 Lamar Thomas then a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and his pregnant fiance Ebony Cooksy attended a private pool party in Barbecue with Omov Doctor and Mrs. Edmund DeRou and Plantation.
At the time Thomas was living in Tampa and Cooksy was still in Miami.
She was completing her last year of college at the University of Miami where the two met while both were on athletic scholarships.
The two were spending the week together in the Miami area before Thomas had to go north for training camp.
The DeRou's son Richard, a friend of Lamar and Ebony's, invited the couple to his family's fourth of July celebration.
Shortly after arriving however Thomas left the party briefly to visit his uncle in nearby Fort Lauderdale.
When he returned Thomas brought a cousin with him and immediately insisted that Cooksy who was relaxing in the pool get out so he could introduce them.
Lamar's very impatient Cooksy would later say to a police officer in her attempt to reconstruct the sequence of events leading up to result at the hands of Thomas later that day.
I was trying to dry off and he kept saying come over here, come over here. It went from asking me to demanding me to come over.
Tired as a result of her pregnancy, Cooksy left the pool area altogether shortly after meeting Thomas's cousin.
Inside the DeRou's house, preparing to take a shower, Cooksy was fully undressed when Thomas barged into the bathroom unannounced to urinate.
Despite the availability of other bathrooms in the house, Thomas insisted on using the one occupied by Cooksy.
Wrapped only in a towel she waited in the hallway for Thomas to finish before re-entering the bathroom, locking the door behind her this time.
Minutes after Cooksy began showering, Thomas realized that she locked the door and began knocking demanding that she let him in.
Look, I'll be out, Cooksy responded from the shower. This satisfied with the response, Thomas located a clothes hanger and picked the lock.
Cooksy was unaware that Thomas entered the bathroom until he jumped into the shower fully clothed in a tractor.
He was enraged and demanded no why when let him in Cooksy said in her police statement.
He opened the shower door and began strangling me and I guess for about five seconds I couldn't breathe.
Dripping wet, Thomas stepped back out of the shower, leaving his pregnant fiance, cowering and crying. However, he wasn't finished.
Next time I knock, you better f-ing answer it, you know. He shouted as he sprang back into the shower. It doesn't make sense for you not to answer.
He then grabbed Cooksy's head and began slamming it into the shower wall.
The glimpse that I did catch in his eye, Cooksy later recalled a police. It was like nobody was there.
The violent assault was finally interrupted when the female gassed at the barbecue, entered the bathroom after hearing the commotion.
Thomas again climbed out of the tub, his clothes now drenched. He ran out of the house still by jumped at his truck and drove off.
Ooooooooh!
Naked wet, bleeding and battered, Cooksy was aided by the female who interrupted the assault.
When Barbara Keehoast misses their role learned what took place, she brought Cooksy upstairs to her bedroom so she could rest.
A cup of coffee was brought up along with Cooksy's clothing.
Some domestic badmirs don't have the social and psychological makeup to create other events for their emotions.
Explain former dolphins offensive lineman Ed Newman, who was now a domestic violence judge in Dade County in an interview for this book.
They don't know how to take the time out or channel emotions elsewhere, how to obtain solutions. They act without thinking this is a dysfunction.
These badmirs are a wellspring of emotions. This leads to impulsive actions and the actions are totally inappropriate.
Approximately 30 minutes after being attacked in the shower, Cooksy looked out and Mrs. Derro's second story window only to see that Thomas had returned.
His truck parked in front of the house, Thomas was standing outside talking to Richard Derro.
Scared, Cooksy decided a place to call to her father and asked Mrs. Derro to escort it downstairs to the library where there was a phone.
While Cooksy talked by telephone where father Thomas entered the library with both Mrs. Derro and Richard in the room, Cooksy was confident that Thomas would not harm her.
Suddenly, while Cooksy was in mid-sentence with her father, Thomas snatched the receiver from her hands and hung up the phone.
I'm talking to my father, she pleaded, shut up Thomas to medit. Why are you acting like this Mrs. Derro interjecting? Come on Lamar, sit down.
With all eyes on him, Thomas paused, sat down and insisted to those in the room that Cooksy's fear of him was not sincere but rather an act.
Then as Cooksy attempted to exit the room, Thomas leaped lightning quick to his feet. Well, he'd be quick.
At that point I knew I wasn't getting out of that room because he's Lamar and she's Mrs. Derro is who she is said Cooksy, who quickly retreated behind a large desk for protection.
Meanwhile, Richard and his father just ended the room gingerly approached Thomas while Mrs. Derro positioned herself between Thomas and the desk.
None of this, however, detoured Thomas. He came to me as if I was an offensive lineman and pushed me toward the window, Cooksy said.
And the window shattered on the lower right side. I feared for my life because I was imagining my head or something going through the window and it was a thick window.
Mrs. Derro later cooperated to Cooksy's account to a criminal investigator. The moment she picked up the phone, he sprang out of the chair, jumped across me, said this is Derro and her police statement. It was like a football tackle.
Straight across me, straight into her and pushed her into the window. Both Richard and his father went to Cooksy's rescue pulling Thomas off her in the struggle of the library was trashed.
Cooksy climbed back under the desk, hiding in fear as the men tried to restrain Thomas. A 911 call was placed for police assistance.
Before the dust settled, Thomas's rage left red marks on Cooksy's throat, scratches on her left biceps, large bump and bruise on her right triceps and a red bruise on her right arm.
He also caused over $700 in property damage, putting a hole through the wall, shattering a window, breaking a lamp and destroying various objects around the desk.
Realizing that police had been called, Thomas tried to reassure everyone that was no longer any threat of danger to Cooksy.
I'm calm, Thomas said uncomvincingly. I have it under control. He then exited the house and hurried toward his truck.
Mrs. Derro followed him outside while one of her children placed a second 911 call trying, frankly, to get police to come quicker.
Whereas he had now 911 operator asked, Sir, I hope he's outside of the house, Mrs. Derro Sunsen. What does he look like?
Although he's with my mother and I don't want to leave him alone with my mother, so he could just please get somebody here.
Someone's on the way out there, but what does he look like? Well, he six fours, named as Lamar Thomas. He plays football for the 10th of May, Buckeneers. He's 170, 75-Pah.
What is it? He's 170 or 175 pounds to go to. He's meeting the dark skin. He's wearing a pair of blue jeans.
Five days after the attacks, Cooksy gave her formal statement over the telephone to Detective City Costanza of the City of Plantation Police Department.
By then, Cooksy's bruises had darkened, looking much worse than needed when the police photographed them on the day of the incident.
However, Cooksy's primary concern was the fetus she was carrying.
I spoke with my doctor on Saturday regarding my pregnancy and whether or not it should be terminated or whether it's still lived.
Cooksy told Officer Costanza you did, she has. It's just that it's a big decision. I'm going to have to make in terms of whether I want him to father this child, said Cooksy.
Costanza's chief concern related to the fetus as well, but for reasons different than Cooksy's, while domestic violence is treated as a misdemeanor in Florida,
assaulting a pregnant woman is classified as a felony. Can you tell me about the pregnancy? Asuka standard? Did Lamar know that you were pregnant?
Oh yeah, yes, said Cooksy even brought me the book called What to Expect when you're expecting. Lamar had wanted a baby for quite some time and that was sort of a problem where we were having our relationship.
I have a year of school to go. We're not married yet. On July 10th, the warrant was issued for Thomas's arrest on two felony counts of aggravated the battery against the pregnant female.
One week later, the Buckeneers released Thomas, a player who wished to remain on name told the authors that the Buckeneers dropped Thomas as the result of his arrest.
Buckeneers officials went contacted by authors refused to confirm that there was a relationship between the case and his release.
We're not going to talk about that. So communications director Reggie Roberts, we have no comment.
Not 10 days past before dolphins newly hired head coach Jimmy Johnson. I promise to a contract.
Johnson had coached Thomas in college at the University of Miami insisted that he deserved a second chance.
Jimmy Johnson recruited Lamar to the University of Miami, explained Thomas defense attorney agent Howard Weinberg.
Jimmy Johnson left when Lamar got there, but Jimmy was aware of the type of personal Lamar was.
Jimmy realized Lamar was the type of guy who was worth saving. Lamar was lucky because there wasn't just Jimmy.
There Gary Stevens was there too. And they're both well aware that all receivers who played at the University of Miami.
It's quite a distinguished list. Lamar is the all-time leading receiver in the history of the University of Miami, Heracone.
We continued in the moment. I mean, what the hell is wrong? If you be the leading receiver in the history of the University of Miami, Heracone, what's not to like?
Okay, no matter how much of a scumbag you may be.
No portion of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM easily read acquisition court.
Hey Brian, are you happy? I hate that y'all do you again. I'm so glad to be here. I'll be home happy.
I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I
'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll
be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be
here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here
I'll be here. I'll be here.
the
one or three or five sixty-two men of the book is pros and cons the chronicles
of plan the NFL by Jeff Bennett and Von Jaeger
after her position determined that the fetus had not suffered any fatal injuries
coaxie opted to go to with the pregnancy the deros meanwhile received a call
from Thomas attorney Howard Weinberg
he Weinberg apologize dero told the police
and said he was going to make sure the bills get paid he's going to take care of it
see that the market's counseling and make sure it doesn't happen again according to court documents
however it did happen again
and the problem was not taken care of
after appearing in nine games for the dolphins in nineteen ninety six
wireless lawyers successfully delayed the disposition of his case until after the season
Thomas was sentenced to eighteen months probation for aggravated battery
on a pregnant female on February twenty four nineteen ninety seven
was also ordered to spend ten days in brow county jail
which was to be served on weekends and to complete a thirteen week batter
were intervention program at lifeline in Miami
the dolphins then offered Thomas a new contract on March 11th by nineteen ninety seven
three weeks later Thomas is ordered coaxie again
on March twenty ninth metro day police were dispatched to the couple's coconut
grove home coaxie at this point given birth to a baby boy who was now six weeks old
upon arrival the office found Thomas holding the newborn
coaxie was discovered in the couple's bedroom crying
her underwear was torn there were scratches on her right hand left shoulder and neck
after she told officer grass that Thomas tore her underwear three times
and choked her he was arrested issued his Miranda rights and escorted the back of the police cruiser
after Thomas is arrested probation officers learned that he had yet to begin the
counseling program that was supposed to be part of his probation
subsequent report signed by correctional probation supervisor Jasmine V. Seagalman
and correction the uh... the seller men and correctional probation officer
do right Jones recommended that Thomas's probation
the extended to twenty four months with a longer period of counseling
thus giving Thomas a chance to change his temper and be able to live as a law
biting citizen
the report also indicated that Thomas had accumulated eighty eight total sentencing
point which carries a maximum of seventy five months in state prison
johnson's initial decision to hire Thomas in nineteen ninety six came before the
talented receiver had been for a little convicted of anything by the time the
team resigned a year later Thomas was a convicted felon
now he was charged with assaulting his fiance again and found to be in violation
of his probation
did any of this change Thomas's playing status with an offense not exactly
there were no reported disciplinary measures taken by the team no ultimatums laid
down
but one bird said that the team strongly encouraged Thomas to seek counseling
there are selfish motives on the part of the dolphins are usually because they
want to be the best player possible explained one bird
but they're saying if you want to reach your full potential
then you have to be able to meet the challenge of dealing with the problems
off the field
no one is capable of completely separating his personal life with his
professional life
these things bleed through
jimmy johnson declined to be interviewed on his decision to continue playing
Thomas
the office however did interview other former air dolphins familiar with the
Thomas case
the role of the coach to win plays a large role in how they responded to
situations
said ex-mommy dolphins defensive back livered hobbie and an interview for this
book
how they work for the dolphins when running back erving spice was arrested for
beating his wife
in nineteen ninety five
don't show the head coach then how they saw stark differences in the way that
spikes in the Thomas cases were handled
on august twenty nine nineteen ninety five pember pines police officers
be spotted the way domestic violence complaint at spice residents
according to the police report spice took his wife and struck her in the
face before throwing her to the floor
stacey spice sustained injuries to the neck knees in right foot the following
day
shula met with spice was entering a second season in the NFL
despite not yet making it into anything spice was informed by shula
that he was on disciplinary probation for a four year
any more incidents and he would be dismissed
domestic violence is definitely something that shula would not condone said
hobbie who actively worked with spice in an attempt to get him counseling
shula made sure spice got into counseling it was mandatory he had to go at
least two hours a week spice felt threatened for his job
according to hobbie after spice met with shula he said if I get cut from here
who's going to give me an opportunity after this guy shula cuts me
everybody respect him
spice pleaded no contest of battery on May 16th nineteen ninety six however as
of the publication of this book spice has had no further contact with law
enforcement pertained domestic violence it was cut by the dolphins during the
nineteen ninety eight off season
in contrast Thomas faced no apparent disciplinary action from johnson
nor was Thomas required to fulfill his obligation to attend anger management
courses although I love that term anger management courses under shula
anything that you didn't got caught doing it you were gone no matter who you
were according to hobbie anything happens outside the realm of this
organization that I hear about there's no question you didn't you're out
here shula you should use to say on April 24th nineteen ninety seven judge
Jeffrey De Cohen signed a warrant for Thomas's arrest for violating the terms
of his probation it read in part the probationer did commit the offensive simple
battery on March 29th nineteen ninety seven as alleged in date circuit court Thomas
was arrested again and jail pending his trial it wasn't until Thomas was
incarcerated according to Weinberg that Thomas started a confrontous problem one
day while Weinberg was visiting Thomas at the Broward County jail a guard knocked
on the door of the private tube of an interrupt at the conversation it's time
the guard said to Thomas time for what Weinberg asked him Weinberg soon discovered
that a group of at-risk teenagers were touring the jail in conjunction with a
scared straight program Thomas when he found out about their visit and volunteered
to speak to the youths according to Weinberg Thomas stood up in front of the
boys wearing his jailhouse jumpsuit and told them I'm locked up here I have a
baby at home I'm sending him the wrong signal and I play football in the NFL so
you probably think I'm pretty tough well guess what I'm not too tough to cry
you never want to be in the situation I'm in prosecutor suddenly dropped the
charges against Thomas on May 14th and he was released from jail
Cooke's he has decided not to testify against Thomas leaving prosecutors without
their prime witness Cooke's reluctance is typical of domestic violence victims
but rarely understood by individuals who have experienced violence in the home
sometimes victims have good reasons for not testifying explain domestic violence
judge Ed Newman former Dolphins lineman domestic violence is like a dance in this
dance one of the aggressor perpetrator the other is the victim the victim
about strategies to avoid the next beating some victims think in his procedural
context of a trial that they'll be beaten if they step forward as a witness
sometimes they're concerned about a retaliation sometimes the victim is
financially and emotionally dependent on the perpetrator after playing in two
super balls under Shula Newman completed his law degree and was later elected to
the bench he's one of a group of Florida judges who've been assigned to hear
domestic violence cases on an exclusive basis when there's an apparent problem
when you see a young lady with a black eye and it happens again and again
somebody needs to intervene said Newman not only for the good of the individuals
but for the good of the image of the league and of the Dolphins apparently nobody
had ever intervened on anybody Cooke's behalf Thomas got talked to many times
about the need to address his problems but there was a little incentive in the
way of consequences after his incarceration however Weinberg said that Thomas
started to take counseling quite seriously a black male particularly one
replaced professional sports does not see reaching out for psychiatric
helper counseling is a viable option explained Weinberg they see that as a
sign of weakness so if it was great it was a great value when Lamar stood up in
front of a banker reporters and said I need professional counseling and that
doesn't mean that I'm not a man according to Weinberg Thomas Cooksy and their
child were living together as of the spring of 1998 at that point in time Thomas
had been counseling for nearly a year Thomas declined the author's invitation to
be interviewed for this book as far as Jimmy Johnson's motives for keeping
Thomas on the roster throughout the assaults arrest in jail time they want to
win games Weinberg said there's no question about it if they can get him to
play his best they've helped themselves but I definitely noticed concern that
this was separate apart from just those issues when assessing whether Johnson is
acting out of raw self self interest or altruism it is difficult to overlook
that in 1998 Dan Marino is throwing the ball to two athletically gifted
criminals Thomas endured and have both been convicted of violent crimes his
own words from a press conference October of 1997 seeing the sum of his motives
best the bottom line is production Jimmy said all right nice going Jimmy all right
okay that's all I'm gonna read sorry about all the reading okay but I know that
most of you won't go out and buy the book and won't read it so I want to hell
not pros and cons the criminals who play in the NFL
WQM my name is my daughter Dale I don't even want to hear about the negative
stuff we got it done I mean how I don't go we want a game I don't want to hear
nothing negative I want to read no negative paper tomorrow we finally want a
game it's all that should be said for rate the dolphins want a game for a change
none of this negative missed opportunity all that old bull I'm tired of
punk finally we can put looking at all the damn station showing the dolphin
demise should Jimmy John's replace you all that old bulls I'm tired of I'm fed up
to hear what this is you know it's the grace of God you know I'm sorry for
I'm not the same language but I'm just happy that we were able to get a win
and take some fresh up by no means is just being over and we have to you know
continue to concentrate and get ready tonight on let's watch animal screw it's a
dicey situation for the interpret wildlife crew as they inadvertently interrupt
a wild gorilla in the mist orgy sound man Richard is made with a 500 pound
silverback male follow the couple as they register at macy's and pick out a
flatware pattern it's all on tonight let's watch animals screw
by the way one of the authors deaf and it says that the National Football League
is far more tolerant of violent crimes than it is of other transgressions such
as gambling and steroids because gambling and steroids get at the credibility
of the game but violence that be okay me I see you know when you come out of
the ghetto you're expected to be violent just a little anger management you be
okay huh like OJ you'll be okay till you just lose it let's go where we go
into a crawlgables hello yes Neil do you think it's safe to generalize everybody
that comes out of the inner city who did that sounds like you're doing oh I am
yeah in other words we're reading specific stories about specific people but
so did you hear any of the words that I read sir or you just got a chip on
it's because the music and you have the because of the music area typical
black boys singing about crack you know I don't think it's fair oh you're talking
about the bits that I play yeah so who says that everybody that comes out of
the inner city is a criminal okay that's that's okay okay well thank god we
straighten that out okay gotta do these disclaimers so that these professional
ethics don't get all bent out of shape get out of here okay blow it out your ass
go find a life we'll get a search party open line and brow it all this is a
tremendously sponsor for what I just read there this is just assimilating five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in
Miami hello a a nail yes sir if you could criticize these football players for
what they did how did you get off of your crime when you got caught oh not
enough of my life did I commit any violent crimes or was I accused of a violent
crime blow it out your ass oh you know this is unbelievable this is exactly the
mentality we're dealing with and like I said it's not these guys fault it's the
fan because they'll support it they don't give a crap what these guys do as long
as we win as long as they run fast and jump high just like Brian blades baby he
don't have time to talk to you guys he's got to go out there to see anil and
play that's what Drew Rosenhouse said give me a fricking break okay go talk to
P.W. Herman and blow it out your ass here's a lady mobile in Delray Beach hello hi
how you doing okay man hey you know what you are completely right you got three
more ones back to back to back you know don't you understand because I'm not in
their hero don't want to stand for five and two we don't want to hear about all
the criminals on here on the college football team I agree I'm a I've been
turned on to you for six months and I've been trying to tell my girlfriends
and everything else on to you to hopefully say no we don't have anyone oh I'm a woman
babe well we got one you bet you and I agree with like 95 or maybe almost a
hundred percent of what you say and even with the O.J. situation okay he goes and
kills and gets off and what do we do we're still waiting and looking at tabloids
and there and that you can find that he's in mind that he was debating arrest
it's a good talk that we had all these assholes running around here with signs on
the L.A. freeway you're talking about the dumbest Americans we've got you're
talking about a bunch of idiots you got that right we are you got that right and
my thing is I think it's time to boycott football I football with us we see
him sitting there on the TV and our husband's in the drinking a beer watching it
and going go go go sit there and say what about a police record what's going on
give him enough folks at home maybe they won't watch them no more all right and
games too yeah I wouldn't spend them my ego's him I wouldn't my son wanted
by a jersey from I think it was a dolphin just some kind of crack I said I won't
see a dolphin jersey on your back son and you know hey but that's how my feelings
are okay for you have a good look yeah good on here two open lines in
ground five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's
a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir hey you're absolutely right I used to
play football and they don't care as long as you can run fast jump I love you yeah
I thought they care about they don't care about nothing else you can kill
somebody and they'll get you off of it and you know I'm sure that there's some
of these dolphins out there thinking about you know Shula didn't win anything in
a long time I think this dog was years ago but Shula at least was a didn't
put up a discraft but Jimmy Johnson hey we're five and two so we don't care
what Jimmy does that's a good point to prove he's got to look good so he's got
to do whatever he can to make himself look good well thank you thank God
he had your training at U of M and it's Dallas too okay how did they know okay
thank God that Michael Irving's another one of those outstanding guys that Jimmy
can take credit for we have an open line of day five oh you can't say these
things I mean yeah right and I've got to say before how come the sports
segments on this radio station how come they're not the ones talking about
this book and interviewing these authors because the several pages that I read
there is terminal and as boring as it may have been to some people nevertheless
that was all about stuff going right here in this town and also there is a
footnote by the way which I didn't read but just to show you how up to date
the book is because it was written just a couple of months ago it was a release
editors know that the end of chapter I read Marine will not be heading off
the Phillips and goes on about how Jimmy Johnson has a number of talent running
back to replace him and began fumbling the ball in training camp John
Johnson explain to reporters his decision to release Phillips had little to do
with the troubled athletes most recent rest with the law and police are and it
says the book goes to press police are still investigating allegations that he
assaulted a woman of mine in our club in June and here it is the end of October
we heard any more about that no I haven't heard the final disposition of that
nobody ever heard any more about that no no Lawrence Phillips one of the real
scumbags in the history of the human race stuck his girlfriend and a god damn
stand up post post office box there in Lincoln Nebraska beat there after beating
the crap out of her but hey you know we these guys got to have anger management
courses they got to have yet they came out of the ghetto right tell the
colo around that to okay that OJ came out of the ghetto and tell Ron Goldman in
this family while you're at it always got excuses for aberrant unacceptable
violent behavior don't we mobile in north Lauderdale hello how you doing
ill okay sir listen I got to respond to this it sounds like you're making a big
deal out of something that's been going on forever this there's what you're
talking about right now that he is not making a very good there's nothing new
to anything you were saying this has been going on in sports beginning of time
yeah and so on other people should be talking about it no no no you're right
about bringing it to the public attention but I what I think is what going on
here what's dragging it out so much is that the proliferation of media and
the ability for media to just take things and blow them out on all over the
airwaves and make such a big fuss out of them in a hoopla on the way that
they're almost controlling what's going on now is that it's become so sensational
that the big picture is been completely blown away that these are people from
underprivileged areas okay what's going on okay what's going on here we go
until that's around you know I don't I didn't I tend to that I told George
that as soon as I finished reading we went to the break and I said the response
is going to be from assholes like see sir I'll listen to anybody say almost
any opinion but that I will not listen to I don't care what area you come from
that's not an excuse for violent behavior against other people it's not an
excuse for murder it's not an excuse for assault it's not an excuse for
treating women like like subhuman garbage it's not an excuse I'm sick and
tired of hearing that whether you're black whether you're white I'm not
interested in hearing it whether it's Bobby Cox whether it's God they were in
spice mother's Mark Fitzpatrick I don't want to hear about it Mark Fitzpatrick
didn't come from a goddamn underprivileged neighborhood neither did Bobby Cox
Jesus Joseph what a sad sad sad and you know the interesting part is it
points out in his book see and now you understand where he was coming from in
the beginning well the media's blown this all up no the media ought to be blown
it up that's why this book is so goddamn great paying millions of dollars to
the lowest scumbags on a face of their just like Mike Tyson there's a classic
example see the boxing fans in this country they don't give a crap what makes
it how Tyson how many people he rapes how many ears he chews off how
aberrant his behaviors they want to pay to see him fight some stumble bomb
again because for whatever reason because to them that's exciting so don't confuse
them with the facts with this horse crack and in addition to which these are the
guys these are the select few guys who've been taken out of the my out of the
ghettos and given the opportunity to make millions of dollars 80% of the
players in the NBA are black what would most of those guys be doing if they
weren't playing basketball and making millions and millions of dollars what
would they be doing so when somebody gives you the opportunity to make millions
of dollars and be a big hero and a big celebrity and then you turn around and
continue being a scumbag something's wrong there somewhere right Mark Dupor I
mean you could go down a list you got a list as long as your arm and your leg
put together and this guy's trying to make excuse sure I got and I'm in all my
life I've been a liberal but you know something when it comes to this that's
why draw the line I'm not interested in labels when it comes to the death
penalty fry him when it comes to scumbags who have no respect for other people
put him away and throw away to God damn key and I knew that this would be the
re I told you that right during the break I said you wait and see oh they were
underprivileged they came from the ghetto they grew up in these gangs like you
know something they were given a chance to get out how many chances did they
get it's like how many beers there's a take the enjoy sporting event here how
many chances do they have to get before we finally say well you know thank God
Lawrence Taylor got off drugs oh I'm sorry for a while here's a mobile in
North Miami Beach hello hello no yes sir oh yes you know I'm kind of tired of
these people talking about people who grew up in the ghetto being disnacked
again the quick excuses for them I grew up in the ghetto I was not if I can
lie me on 20th street I was in the middle of the ghetto have you come anybody this
week and I didn't kill anybody right now I was able to get out of the ghetto and
I thought my own business I have a business for myself they have so it's a
it's a cop-up those people who try to make excuses because they were
pouring to a ghetto because I was pouring I was in the ghetto and I didn't
turn out like anyone of them see what most of the people who make excuses
like that I still are called me about a half an hour ago this guy is a
jocks nipper and so it doesn't make any difference what is heroes do they've
always got an excuse they need anger management but as long as they can make
him feel better about himself because it's his team and it can win some
games then he doesn't care what they do really exactly I say put him on
jail all right all right okay pal congratulations see there you go there's
plan I mean if everybody who grew up in a ghetto was like the like oh Jay if
everybody was murdering everybody in totally out of control and beating women
all over the goddamn place then we'd have anarchy because we got millions of
people to grow up in a goddamn ghetto all but it's an excuse not for me it's
not here's a lady mobile in North Miami hello hello yes man oh my
eye on sounds like you oh okay your twin sister oh not I have one of those I've
been listening to you since 1987 and today you finally got me out of the closet
oh my god wow I totally agree with you I think that we set these men up and the
kids idolize them and that's the wrong in society and that's all I have to say
thank you thanks very simple just like the DNH first isn't that complicated you
don't teach your kids to admire scumbags that's all what I'm talking about
scumbags I'm talking violent criminals and I hear all this discussion oh how
come how come this one can't throw a pancake block and I'll come this one got
his finger and the other one back to how come you know but don't confuse this
with the facts because either we got you know a bet on the game which I do
understand that or you know we want to feel better about ourselves it would be
like just like my go into that panther game the other night watching that
disgraceful display am I gonna come in here the next day and say and start
playing that stupid I'm gonna start doing that well we'll get it next time we'll be
okay we're gonna do that I need to psyche after a kill the sports leader sports
radio 560 you have oh god Neil do you ever wish that your family and friends
knew their five old versus better well I have the answer to your prayers from
the makers of you think my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy
crucifixion oh crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to
know their bible and it's easy to play first someone picks a word or phrase from
the bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it but be
careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets nailed
and I'll take a guess and how about a kid nope sorry Billy after three nails
in one spear to the chest everyone loses but don't worry in three days you can
play again so run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your
very own copy of crucifixion why not play tonight comes with a small Jesus doll
nails in a tiny spear fake blood wouldn't cross a hammer not included crucifixion
oh for a dick of trinity brothers which brings us back to the story but I
found so I'm just another step and a part of the whole ambiance in America this
pathetic pathetic bunch of crap people request saves prisoner now first of all
keep in mind that all of this money was spent a course for security while he
was here you got to understand that the taxpayers they're in St. Louis paid for
that make no mistake about that is that correct not to mention of course all the
money that was wasted by somebody probably the Italian government probably the
Mexican government the US government TWA allotalia whoever was for the
shut up beyond with the just potatoes and the laskin smoke crab and all the
other good crap that they were eating on the plane coming over and in between
and going back to a full machino airport but at any rate setting that aside
assuming that we can stand the fact that we're mixing organized villages you know
if they were bringing some old rabbi some old orthodox rabbi from the
Middle East would they be doing stuff like that would they be subsidizing it
no of course you wouldn't have a million people lining up to hear all the
bull crap either would you know if they were bringing some like Buddhist priest
in here you know with a shaved head in fact the guy that's doing a car wash is he a
Buddhist or a hurry Krishna but anyway if they were bringing some
hurry Krishna guy and that they just picked up at the airport would he like
subsidize his trip to Mexico City I don't think so would they be sure serving
him shut up beyond no they probably throws ass in the slammer but here's the
silly man in address keep in mind 97% of the people in Italy don't go to church
okay I'm not making that up that is a absolute positive verified statistic 97%
of the people in Italy do not go to church maybe once in a blue moon maybe like
for a baptism of Connie's baby something like that because they're on to them
because he's right there in the midst and they see how ridiculous it is and they
see all those geckys running around and they see that big used to be a
department store where they sell all the robes and the miders and all that crap
all the adornments that the silly queens are running around it and now he comes
over here and like he always does just like when he was in Cuba brings nothing
nothing tangible just a bunch of stone age rhetoric and tries again giving a you
know I mean Clinton of course needed the PR there land the other day that was
good he loved that even though he's thinking of myself yeah he's sitting there
thinking to himself you silly old queen you although like I said yesterday both
do share a lot of expertise on blow jobs Clinton getting them the Pope giving
them but nevertheless here's the silly old man in address he comes over here and
all these crazy people come lining up from everywhere the biggest indoor mass
in the history of mankind or at least the US of A and he's giving lectures to us
on what we ought to be doing telling and I'm not just a catalyst in this country
telling our government telling the people of this country which the overwhelming
majority by the way are not Catholic I have to break the news to Carol is that
his name Carol what still that's his name Carol never trust a man named Carol
with a dress especially a guy named Carol who wears a dress is that his name it
is you don't know oh my god I can't believe that my religious expert friend
in there my cat lick friend a little behind his name is Carol watch till he's
a pollock with a bad dress and I really crappy outfit so anyway he comes over
here and Missouri governor commutes sentence for death row felon this story is so
unacceptable and so typical of one of the worst things that's wrong in the world
today after an extraordinary personal appeal from Pope John Paul II
governor Mel Carnahan a supporter of capital punishment which the overwhelming
majority even liberal bleeding hearts like yours truly believe in capital
punishment because you have to live in the real world not some kind of fantasy
world Virginia he commuted the death sentence that a convicted murder on
Thursday to a sentence of life in prison without parole the governor said his
decision was a one-time event and a tribute to the Pope rather than a signal
that he had changed his mind on the death penalty so in other words forget about
the laws we keep here this is a country of laws all this penis gate stuff that's
going on oh this is a country of laws not a country of men but but but but but
yeah but when a man in a dress comes over here who wields all of that power
because he's got all that money behind him all of a sudden the and then the
interesting part of it is that the governor of of Missouri happens to be pro
capital punishment he is a supporter of it he says I'll have to say I was moved
by his concern for this prisoner I continue to support capital punishment the
governor's decision came one day after the pope concluded a brief pastoral visit
to St. Louis during which he preached a homily that included the strongest
condemnation of the death penalty is made on American soil go back where he
came from Carol Carolin after his final public of at a prayer service at the
St. Louis Roman Catholic cathedral the pope approached the carnail a southern
Baptist out of like that he's a southern Baptist who was seated in the front
P. Anastagoviner to show mercy to Darryl Miesu was scheduled to be executed on
February the 10th I want you to understand I do want you to understand this Mies
42 was convicted of the 1988 ambush slang of Taney County couple Lloyd
Lawrence 69 and his wife Frankie 56 along with their disabled grandson William
19 he only killed three people what's wrong with that Miesu killed a trio with a
12 gauge shotgun as they wrote all terrain vehicles near their rural Taney
County farmhouse alleged that the senior Lawrence have been his former
partner in a drug manufacturing scheme so he ambushed him and killed the
family and the husband and wife and their 19 year old disabled nephew or
grandson whatever it was some kid some punk killed three people okay
veteran craft had a trial convicted a first degree murder sentenced to die and
this man in address comes over here sticking his nose in our business
Hakan a Chanuk about abortion Hakan a Chanuk about the you know plan a assisted
suicide try to put Dr. Jack out of business and now he's like interfering in the
legal process in this country and is there anybody in the media that's got the
foot spot the balls to open up a mouth and say what kind of horse crap is this huh
what kind of baloney what kind of unmitigated is this that a man who is the titular
head if I can say that of a corrupt religious institution comes over here
where we're supposed to be a secular society sticks his nose in our business
and it's uh... southern Baptist governor or caves in okay whatever you say
it'll make me look good it's good politics I guess the cave into this man with
the dress you know it's very interesting all the people who buy into this
religious horse craft you know one one day this guy's just another guy he's
just another one of the cardinals the bishops whatever worrying all at the
you know those expensive robes over there and then all of a sudden when they
start blowing that smoke man I'm telling you there's a lot of blowing going on
in the Vatican it's almost think about that and he start blowing the smoke and
it comes out of the chimney there oh we got a new pope but I mean and all of
sudden he becomes magically close to god he's like better than everybody else
and he's the town everybody in the world what to do he's telling a billion people
what they ought to be doing I mean you talk about insanity you talk about crazy
people but I mean none of us are ever going to change the fact that people are
basically emotional weaklings and eat all these crutches to hang their hats on
that's very sad but the fact that he comes over here and that the media
like a bunch of cheerleaders they probably had a borrow trant lots pampoms the way
they were covering this god damn crazy exactly and that's the thing you see that
that was a miracle I didn't even hit the goddamn button I just hit the side of the
guy that's right just hit the side of this thing
I hit the side of the keyboard all of a sudden there you go it's a miracle from
damn god yeah I can't even get my fingers in the right place today I'm so
glad they worked up the god damn Pope from Rome comes over here and this guy
they're gonna they'll keep feeding him and keep him alive this guy's how old is he
42 I had to break the news he's gonna be alive for a long time and they're
gonna be feeding a meal so in fact maybe just maybe the Vatican will subsidize
and send over some shout over you all with Duchess Pettitus to the sky or
last getting the smoked crab or maybe this guy's got the crabs I don't know
we can only pray isn't this astonishing and unbelievable of course because
the median all you people in town is weak by the way from all your networks and all
over the goddamn country you're a bunch of spineless cowards you're terrified of
organized religion and you're especially terrified of the goddamn Catholic Church
you're afraid the goddamn Pope is gonna come over and put a spell on you
whether maybe your neighborhood priest is gonna come down and molest you or a
grandchildren or whatever you're terrified of just absolutely unbelievable
take a couple of calls I got this great article by Howard Beale in City
link about whammy ice going Howard whoever you are and the super facts about the
ice at not only the macarena but a lot of the rings around the NHL and then of course
we got Miami magazine with the worst picture I've ever seen in my life of Ray
Whitney on the cover and then a picture of Ray who's having his ear bitten by
Bridget on the inside about dating I hate to break the news to you at Miami
magazine I mean it's cute we have we love Ray Whitney and the Bridget in but you
know but I think they're doing a little more than just dating you know I'm saying
his fiance that they've been living together for how long I think they're doing
a little more than just dating going out for fine food that's what they call it
these days is that what it is I think they're eating more than just fine food
but at any rate here's Miami hello hey how you doing you great um the reason why a lot of us do
not want to speak out and tell her are true you know feelings about religion why is does her
that idiot's like the previous caller that you had I work for local government here in Miami
and you land I have happened to make the mistake of actually say no I don't believe in God yeah
and you know it's he's affected my work I mean a minor comment like that and a lot of people
out there wanting secure wanting secure who are afraid of of of what different
different views different views different ideas and they really
you're saying the truth is that what it is absolutely and they're afraid of it and I mean I'm
not into preaching anything like that but I just happen to see just just one comment I said
I really don't believe in God and I think the pope is a fact and that was it man he was over I
mean I got transferred but a lot before I know I'm walking in the church yeah I happen to be
you know my beat now is overtown I mean it's just one of those things where well starts
friend that word and overtime they need some truth over there take it easy here go on the streets
and start screaming there is no God there's only I'll get lynched okay have a great day
how John lynched doing by the way we have two open lines in date five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line hey what's wrong with getting a lynched
if it's good enough for bubbles should be good enough for everybody else here's a mobile and
cross-springs hello hi Neil how are you great you know I got to tell you I feel like a
battling idiot today sir I'm very proud of it well you know something you don't have to listen
to you since October and the problem is is that you're telling it the way it is and people can't
well screw my own care couldn't care less one thing that you keep forgetting when you talk about
the pope and address what about the smoking pocketbook the smoking pocketbook yeah everything
will walk down you waved his smoking pocketbook back and forth I didn't only have I knew something
else was smoking it's the pocketbook meal yeah and just keep up the great work okay have a great
day sir what is he saying we have an open line in Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty
come on we want to hear from somebody that supports the pope just one today that's going to be
like trying to find something that knew something about the ice in the arena the other day and it
would pick up the phone and call them with anybody do it we had like two people anybody else now they
don't care they're oblivious welcome to La La land all you out of towners we know you're listening
out there all you invaders who came into town for this big stage event here this weekend welcome to
La La land so you can write whatever you want about us down here because the fact of the matter is
number one we already know it number two nobody here cares nobody here cares we're oblivious this is
the land of total absolutely oblivion the people here work overtime on being indifferent and
episodic so if you think you're going to like you know yank their chain forget it I've been trying
23 years the yank their chain and I still can't yank it here's candle hello yeah me oh I just
one that um can I have give two requests can you give two requests yeah for no we have an open
line in uh what is it in a date all three of five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless lines can you give two requests no can you give Ron request no here's a mobile
invoker hello hi Neil yes sir I've been listening to you since your old WNWS days yes I am
I agree with you 100% on religion is when I started I was growing up as a Jew and when I went to
college I started studying religion and I realized how many people have been killed in the name of
and how religions were developed primarily by people in power or who wanted to be in power to keep
other people listening to them if you promise folks that they're going to live forever in an
eternal life and paradise if you do what I tell you now to tell them they're going to die and go
into the ground and rot that's not very popular people want to hear that they can't handle true
people are afraid of that they can't deal with it but that's what's going to happen so what kind
of God by the way would have created a situation like that where you live 60 70 80 years whatever
and you go in the ground and then rot if he created man in his image how come man doesn't live forever
if God is infinite and eternal how come man is an infinite and eternal huh that's a good question
why did he create pain yeah why did he create cancer why did he create all these viruses why does
he create mosquitoes well the religious people will say to test us but if he's no they're all
powerful why test us well thank you I just wanted to tell you there are a lot of people out there
who agree and God bless you sir we have an open line of day they're going broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 we got
the God people going again here today we don't have one cat lick now we got the one guy the one
yahu up there in Palm Beach gives me a song of dance first I'm a babbling idiot see that's his
then that's his disclaimer that's his formal disclaimer he has to start right out with that
so that anybody listening will might recognize his voice and even those who don't understand
he doesn't like this show he's only listening because he's got a bum fork radio that doesn't pick
anything else up anybody believe that no but I'm a babbling idiot because I have the audacity
come on here and say things that make all the sense in the world and talk about all the injustices
and the fact that a man in a dress comes to this country being fed chat up right on and duchess
potatoes and all this other goddamn crap millions and millions of dollars they spent on this stage
the media event here the last week and they're talking about me time we got all these sanctum
on the reciprocates up in congress there talking about well you know no man is above the law and
this and that he got a few blow jobs and he lied about it we're talking perjury he lied about his
sex life wow but here's a guy that blew away three people three innocent people including a 19
year old kid in the wheelchair told him went through the criminal justice system was convicted he's
on death row he's going to be executed and because the men in the dress who's got nothing to do with
our government comes over here and opens up a mouth the governor of Missouri oh well I think
you're right you got a point we won't execute them we'll just let them we'll just keep paying the
feed him and keeping him in jail for the rest of his life and he's only by the way 42 and I'm the
only one that's psychotic about that and a mainstream media like I said that to them the religion
and especially the Catholic Church it's like a hot stove it's like burning coals man as soon as
they even get close to it they back away they don't even dare put their finger close to it or the stove
either this is sports radio 560 Q a m where do you find Jim Mandage white where you got it sports
radio 560 Q a m I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
you have a brand new style to we love the way you want your
you
you are in virtue of the director of the death penalty information setter a non-profit research
organization in Washington said it was certainly unusual for an elected official respond favorably
to a religious leaders request for clemency for a condemned prisoner.
The clemency themselves are rare about one or two years since the death penalty was restored
in the USA, he said.
In other words, very, very seldom, rarely ever.
Is there clemency granted by a governor for someone on death row?
Especially someone who has cold blooded and grotesque, a murdering scumbag like this particular
42-year-old piece of crap, a walking trash.
Here is a church that's got a long history through the crusades and the Spanish inquisition
of murdering and torturing of making people an offer they couldn't refuse.
Not to mention, of course, if you saw Godfather 1, 2, 3, 4, whichever one you saw, the fact
that they have their fine finger in that and a concordat with Hitler that Popeye is the
12th sign, they always seem to have their fine finger where the most murder and grotesque
stuff is going on.
Their finger is right in your rectum if it's not in the altar boys at the moment.
Maybe one finger is in your rectum, the other finger is on the altar boys, whatever.
And here comes this hypocritical man in the dress to our country sticking his nose in
our criminal justice system and our business.
Absolutely positively unacceptable.
And our spineless media, they're going a little bit like that.
And of course, the church is going to subsidize the cost to keeping this guy alive for the
next 30 or 40 years.
No.
No.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Gary Epipo.
I wanted to talk about the Godfather 3.
Did you watch it the last couple of nights on TV?
No, I've only seen it about 600 times.
I know.
I didn't know if you watched it.
At the end of the first night, they were showing coming a traction.
This is the first time they ever saw number three.
They were showing coming a traction.
And they showed Neil.
They showed the Godfather Michael, begging for forgiveness as he was confessing.
I killed my father's son, blah, blah, blah.
Did that happen in the movie because I didn't see that.
Of course.
That was right after he started going into another one of his diabetic fits there and
they had to bring in the orange juice and the candy and he was popping the M&M's, whatever
he was popping.
I looked up like my eyes during it, because I didn't see it.
Thank you, Neil.
It happened.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's just another stereotype.
These are facts in the church.
We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0.5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Great topic, but I have another one for you.
Did you see Channel 6 News last night on this German from Denver?
Woody Something.
He's talking about the South Florida market, how he says that it's a drag down here and it's
terrible and who like would want to come down here to this banana republic.
Have you heard about that one?
No.
Pretty good.
Somebody should have a little more info than what I have because I got a bad memory.
No, I saw a column by one of the Atlanta writers in the paper yesterday.
Most of these journalists have come down here.
I don't know why they're wasting their time doing that.
Most of us that live here have got to brain.
We already know what a toilet this is.
We don't need to be reminded.
If they don't like it, let them go back when they came from, okay?
That's right.
We don't need any more reminders.
They don't have to rub our noses in.
I'm sure that they're being taken care of very nicely down here and that their newspapers
or TV and radio stations are taking care of all their expenses, etc.
They're eating a lot of good meals, so let them blow it out their ass.
That's right.
That's right.
Have a great day.
I was speaking of a lot of good meals.
Here's a little tip for some of you sports people that are in town this week because I
know you're listening.
I know that there are people who are very much into state of mind kind of things like the
Rascal House and the Forge and Joe Stonecrabbs.
Can I just tell you this right now, right up front?
Because I heard Hank and Mike Lupaker, yes, they talk at a length, just waxing emotional
about Joe Stonecrabbs.
I know it's a place where gay and grouper used to eat and Meyer Lansky and all kinds of
very infamous and famous people.
But the fact is that if you love Stonecrabbs, there are about 75,000 places in South Florida
that have much better stonecrabbs than Joe's and at much more reasonable prices.
And you don't have to have connections to get in and you know, you should be able to
wait or etc. and so on.
I just mentioned that in passing because this town is so famous for those plastic kind
of state of mind places, you know.
Oh, we're standing at the Rascal House.
We're waiting an hour and a half for polishing out here in the sunshine waiting to get in.
Why?
Well, I don't know.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You know, yes, sir, black hockey fan.
Yeah, I'm talking so long, but I mean, you're so fired up with so many different topics today,
but I have one more for you.
I mean, I don't even know.
Did you eat the hell today?
About.
Okay.
On page five of the main section, it's got national news.
It says DC mayor criticized for letting aid quit oversteer that wasn't.
And let me let me explain to you briefly what this is.
Apparently, there was some guy in there who handles all the budgets and everything.
And then we quote for you to say this real quick.
So the change of events that led to the resignation began January 15th, staff meeting,
went Howard emerging from budget talks with Williams, huddled with his assistant to tell him
that the office would have no less money than that hoped.
I will have to be niggered with this fund because it's not a lot of money.
Apparently, the guy got fired for using the word niggered link or had to resign.
Yeah.
And you know, what's wrong with the Irish word nigger?
Sorry.
I mean, it was just embarrassing because nobody knew the definition of niggered link.
Isn't that for well?
No, it's a way to see man.
There aren't too many smart people up there who didn't come attention.
It's just so embarrassing because now he has to offer his resignation.
In fact, if you were, if I were to think of one word that would describe the Beasley
Reed company that owns this radio station, niggered link would be exactly the word.
I'm so glad you mentioned that today and injected it into our conversation.
Well, just to inject today.
This is the most niggered link place I have ever been seen.
So, no, we've even got your favorite guy, Julian Barnes, saying seems to me the mayor
has been niggered link disjouagement on this issue.
Yeah.
Okay.
And that's what he came up with.
Well, maybe somebody else explained to the mayor what that would be mean.
Well, yeah, I think that's it.
And have a great day, sir.
Yeah, okay.
God bless you.
Okay, we have an open line in day two and Broward, 56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
See, I'm the only one in-sense that I outraged about the fact that the commuter date, the execution
in Missouri because the Pope came over here and opened up a mouth.
I'm the only one pissed off and fired up about that.
You people ought to be, so there ought to be smoke, forget about the chimney at the Vatican,
there ought to be smoke coming out of your ears, you ought to be so angry about that.
But being the sheep that you are, you'll just sit back there.
Oh, well, he must know something.
There must be something.
Yeah.
He knows something.
I'll write how to run a corrupt business.
Even as bad and people as he looks, he knows how to do it.
This is sports radio 560QAM.
Only one South Florida radio station has to have her.
And you're listening to it.
Hey, Goldberg, weekday afternoons at two, sports radio 560QAM.
Nobody repulses you more.
To my cousin, I was warm in.
Our teens, they are deformed in.
My face looks like it was just hit by a truck.
My daddy, Bubba Finn, he married next to him.
Then out we came without much brains being teased and all.
We're talking in red.
I love to drink that moonshine.
We're talking in red.
I'm marrying my own fine, living in a shack right down the road.
My brain cells there squirming like a twig.
We're talking in red.
The song is really sick.
My clothes have lots of creases.
I sleep with all my nieces.
I have just a room temperature IQ.
Don't say I've got no class or I'll kick you when they ask.
Don't insult my sister or my mother or a call my dad who is my brother.
I'm marrying to Bubba and Freddie.
We're talking in red.
Look, cousin Betty is in a teddy.
Come down our road and we'll tie you to a tree.
Deliverance was modeled after me.
We're talking in red.
The song is really sick.
So sick, so sick, so sick.
We're talking in red.
The song is really sick.
So sick, so sick, so sick.
We're talking in red.
The song is really sick.
So sick, so sick, so sick.
George is in for a real big surprise.
I mean, you're living there.
Somebody like you, somebody is horny and a man of the world has even been in North Carolina.
I mean, what are we talking about here?
In Italy, and this is not something I'm making up because I'm some fag with swish bull thinking, in Italy, especially in southern Italy,
the attitude about sexuality is on a part of men that as long as you're not on the receiving act of anal sex,
you are as straight as an arrow.
You are heterosexual.
You are not a fag.
It doesn't make any difference.
What the act is, as long as you're not on a receiving act, in fact, that's not only in Italy, that's in many parts of Europe.
It doesn't make you gay.
George, okay.
And yes, they would do it again.
And again, and again.
There's no fact in the church.
So there you go.
A little less than a four, it goes to show you don't have to be so uptight because in the majority of the rest of the world,
except the rest of those chinks who are only uptight because they're very much oppressed,
and if anybody catches them off of your head, and the one on your neck too.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I knew what you're doing.
I really miss that.
I'm a college student over at F.R.U.
Yes.
And man, I tell you when they have been door-in-parties, I can't admit I am a straight guy.
I'm half-polyriken and half-to-make and my mother will send one for Traco.
Yeah, which half?
And I'm going on.
Are you on the verge of being our first courageous caller today who's going to tell us that there's a straight...
I'm choked up about it.
I'm jagged on my meat over here.
Hold on, I'm with you.
No, not fast.
I'm also a male dancer.
That's where I'm right now.
I'm totally golden once.
So I am a nice looking-built guy, but I have to admit, and some of the other guys I know out there is straight.
Yeah.
And one of the guys who did me or from a Catholic church...
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Now I am going to choke today.
Oh my God!
Oh my God.
Wow.
Yeah.
And how was it?
You know, I have to admit...
I was it, sir.
Was it okay?
It was better than my girlfriend.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh my God.
Yes!
You know, my girlfriend was there at the club and a guy came with his wife and it was my sexual...
Came with his wife, I'm a little bit more young.
So, you know, a little bit of a white-ass guy.
And it was the first time, and I have to admit, if it happened again, I don't think I would say no.
Because he said that a woman know what you like, but a guy always knows what a man really wants.
The guy knows what that thing is all about.
That's right.
So, I have to have some big co-honors and...
Well, congratulations, sir. If we had a million dollars in cash to give away, you'd be the one to get it.
And I have to admit, and closing, I am 24 and I'm a circumsized guy.
All right.
Thank you, now.
Congratulations, sir.
That's my hero right there.
There's a real good Viral Straight.
That damn fat guy.
But I can't stand...
No, that's a real upstanding.
See, there you go, George.
What did I tell you?
And of course, it happened.
The guy that was a...
What did he say was a Catholic priest who did him in the missionary position?
Something like that.
That'll put that mic, whatever his name, that stink old mic, whatever that guy's name is, that keeps sending the faxes right up against the wall.
No doubt.
He'll be running out to the church before 1230.
He'll be over there.
Confessing his...
His shins.
Isn't that what they do?
They confess on their shins?
Here's Hylia.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm the one who's the president of Catholic United for life.
I wasn't told you there was no gains in the priest.
There's no fags in the church.
Right.
Okay.
Are you talking about that, sir?
Are you going to be able to keep a straight push today or not?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Are you going to keep it straight?
Yes, sir.
How was your push?
You're just the one who was talking about the priest.
The one who were saying that booty, he didn't do him.
He was...
What do they mean they didn't do him?
What does that mean?
You didn't do him?
They didn't do him.
They didn't do him, you said.
Well, they didn't do him, but they didn't do him.
I don't know if they did him.
They didn't do him.
They didn't do him.
They didn't let him out.
Do you read newspapers?
Yes.
It said a settlement was reached.
What do you think that meant?
There was no settlement.
What?
None.
Now they just made that up, yeah.
There was none.
You better write some better material for your next call.
Okay.
You really suck.
This is weak.
Yeah, you're weak.
No, that's not fair.
You're scared of me.
You're scared of me because the Catholic are the strongest organizations.
The strongest organization?
I thought it was a religion.
It is.
Uh-huh.
We are a religion and we have an organization.
Let me ask you something.
Did your boyfriend leave you?
Is that why you're making all these calls?
Wait, friend.
I have a girlfriend.
Okay.
You have a what?
I have a girlfriend.
I have a boyfriend.
They're like you.
We like the slung.
I like the what?
The slung.
Oh, the slung.
No, I don't prefer slung.
Okay, especially on French Canadians, they're grotesque.
Can he hung up today?
There's no fact in the church.
Okay, nice to try, pal.
They're great.
Write yourself some better material next time.
Okay, pal.
He's got a girlfriend named Eddie.
Oh, not that Eddie.
Sorry.
Oh, but see, I just, I'm just a relentless bastard.
You're right.
Just keep banging away.
Remember that information?
We're talking today.
We're finding all these straight guys calling in.
We've had, what, 2000 them call in.
Who said that they've had oral sex from men.
And that they enjoyed it and would like to do it again.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me tell you something, man.
Yes, me.
Uh, no, I'm sorry.
I do with Cubans all day long.
So instead of problem, I say, brolling, you know, like that.
Yes.
Um, when I was growing up in Fort Lauderdale,
like when I was like 16, 15, 16, I looked older and I was.
Yeah.
So of course, I go to the adult bookstores for the, you know,
the porn movies and all that stuff.
When you were 15 or 16?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm like, I'm like, 62.
I'm, you know, always big.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sure.
They never gave me all the time.
So I'd go there.
And I would go there, right?
And I would be like, I'd be watching the movies.
And like, I went to this one one time.
And I didn't realize there were like, you know, those glory holes.
You know what I'm talking about?
Glory holes.
You know what they are.
Come on.
Yes, I do, yeah.
Okay.
Well, I didn't realize because it's darkening, of course.
Of course.
And, um, you know, I feel something like touching, touching me.
I'm like, what the hell?
And I'm sure there was a glory hole.
So like, here's the say I was like, I stayed away from that particular section of the, uh,
booth of the establishment.
Yeah.
Right.
And then the photo time I was in.
In other words, it was a one-eyed healer monster.
That would be fun.
Yeah.
I probably would have was.
I didn't really see what I, it was soft and, you know, have, you know, soft.
So, thank God it was still soft.
Right.
Well, you know what I mean.
And so, it was really embarrassing for me.
But, you know, I wanted to tell you.
But, the other heading that happened to me was I was in a soft bookstore and I was looking
out, picking out the movies I wanted, you know, like to look at in the booth.
Yeah.
So, I started heading into the booth.
And there's this black guy, you know, like, like, there's your gay guys.
You know, I feel the gay guys, they say like, scam in there.
They wait for somebody to come in and say they can do something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, I'm getting ready to go into the booth and it's black, I can't see me.
He looked like, um, at least one of those old time black guys, you know, in the morning,
the movie is real black and desire is a real fault.
Yeah, like Spencer, yeah.
Right, right.
And he goes to me, he goes, um, I'm going to go to the booth, he goes, hey man, can I come in there with you?
And I go, uh, no man, I'm not into that.
And he goes, oh man.
Yeah, oh man.
And he goes, uh, I'll give you a job.
And I go, no man, thanks.
I'm not into that.
And he goes, I'll do it good.
And I feel like saying, you know, what else are you going to do with good?
Then come on in.
Yeah, I never had the feeling.
So, like, I don't know if, uh, you know, you believe me or not, but that's good.
Yes, I do believe.
Basically, why would anybody make up a story like this?
No, I did not make it up.
My old man had a salon on a lot of both boulevards, a hair cutting salon.
So, I pulled her on gay guys on the line.
So, I mean, I never felt like, I never felt repulsive to me.
I just was just a faction of life that I just didn't have any, didn't want to describe to.
Yeah, but okay, one thing, it's a genetic thing.
But, you know, those black guys, they didn't develop those big lips just by accident over the ass.
I, he was the farthest looking away from being gay.
I mean, he looked like he was like a migrant worker.
Well, that's very unusual because most black, uh, fags tend to be like little richer.
They're very, very flamboyant.
Exactly, I was talking about real screamers.
I, I hate to generalize, but I would say 99 and 9 tents of black gay,
emails are like just real screamers.
Right, I wasn't key left over the weekend with my wife.
But they're just like, yeah, they got to wear ankle weights, so stay in the ground.
But they look good, though.
You got to give them credit.
You know, most gay, like black guys, they look good.
Because Louis Oliver was once told me about that, but I don't want to worry fostered over here.
So I want to have a great day.
I'm going to do that.
Congratulations for having a for setting your very best.
So there's this story to like borders right on the edge of it.
Maybe they had mice or something in that joint.
Okay, felt something squeezing through that little hole.
That's a good lesson.
And of course, in this town, there aren't too many affected America.
Generally, they've taken the doors off the, uh, uh, booths, the video booths,
and many of the adult establishments because God forbid, even if people are in their alone,
we sure don't want them to be doing nothing in there.
Do we?
I mean, what the hell could they possibly be doing in there?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, now, how you doing?
You know, you were looking for people to call them and defend the church.
Now, I'm going to try to do that.
I don't know if I'm qualified.
Defend the church and defend the church about what?
Well, you know what I say that.
Well, we just say people who are offended about some of the things you say about the church, something like that.
And, um, you know, like you just made a comment about somebody, about the money.
Somebody given money to the church and, uh, you know, you've got to run right away, things like that.
I'm going to say something.
The one thing is, is that like, first of all, it's like you blame that you blame what the people do.
I guess, I don't know the word, I don't know what it's for, but man's corruption.
You kind of, you hold it against what, I guess what the Bible stands for and stuff like that.
Sir, don't even, don't even bring me the Bible, okay?
I will not debate the Bible with you.
The Bible is still a book written by primitive idiotic superstitious people.
I'm, uh, you're talking about today, 1998.
We're talking about religious institutions, big business.
Let's stick to that. I'll talk with you about that.
But I'm not going to debate all these silly books.
I mean, I agree with you.
But that's my dignity to get into that crap.
Okay, I agree with you, but there's still men's corruption.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
Men's corruption?
Let me help the record was God that he was telling people to kill us.
What is it?
Is radio.
Is your radio wanting to back?
No, it's not.
Now, that's just the echo in this phone line, George.
Yeah, that's going to happen.
It's a, it's a, it's a horse phone line.
All right, let me explain.
Okay, if, if you got a priest, and I agree that it's a lot, I don't want a priest.
I, I grew up Catholic, okay.
And there's a lot of screwed up priest out there.
I agree with that.
I didn't see them myself.
I think I used to be an altar boy for like three months, and I died of it.
Did I, did you get out of that?
Because there was one guy who was a son of a bitch who was drunk all the time,
a gun stand them, one of the priests.
And I get, and I just said, forget it.
I can't do this anymore.
But, you know, I, I, I'm never seen firsthand that these guys are day or day or day
than the last children.
I agree that that's a, but you're going to take in blame because of that,
you're going to say that the rest of them are gay.
You know, they're human beings.
You know what does that mean?
That means it just because there's a few bad apples.
Those are the ones who are going to a bunch of those are the real.
Well, what is being a bad apple have to do with being gay?
I've been priest that I've ever met in my life is gay.
And I am, what are you talking about, bad apples?
I'm not condemning them for that.
I'm condemning them for their hypocrisy.
That's what I'm talking about.
And also the fact that, that heterosexual married couples,
or couples that are going to get married, or single people go to them for sexual counseling.
And these people are busy on the other side of the confessional there,
thumping away, getting their, their rocks off.
That's what I'm talking about.
And you notice what does I do?
Yeah, but you have all of them.
Neil, come on, seriously.
No, maybe just most of them, okay?
Well, see, I don't know how you can say it.
He won't, he won't.
Very easily.
I just, would you like me to say it again, sir?
Most of them, maybe all of them.
Yeah, but you say it, but it's easy to say it, but you have no proof to that.
You say that every, every person you met is a fact.
That's right.
How do you know that?
Because there is, there takes one to know, sir.
I would bet every time I got in the world.
Well, you know, not to mention, yeah, I say that the Catholic religion is fairly corrupt.
So what are we talking about?
What is the point?
What is your point?
You're getting a new phone.
Maybe you're pre-stable by a new phone, because that one really blows.
Get out of here.
I kept him on way too long, because the quality of the phone was really horrendous.
But then if I would have cut him off, he's, say he has got somebody disagreeing on it.
He's going to make a good point.
He's cutting him off.
Cut this.
Cut the crap.
I mean, we go through that whole, every time you try to have one of those conversations,
and I never said anything about having people defend the church.
That's not what I was talking about.
I got this Mike Sinko guy that keeps sending me 400 factors here that definitely can't get over the fact
he was molested by a priest some time, or whatever his problem might be.
I have no idea, but it's obviously just obsessed with this Catholicism.
If you don't like what I'm saying, Mike, so quit wasting the paper, okay?
My God.
Go find yourself a lot.
Go take communion.
Rub your rosary beads.
Go stick away for it in your purse.
Go stick a couple of nickel wafers in there and get your blood sugar up.
God.
Man's corruption.
Man's, oh Jesus, talk about a man who's got no grey matter left between his ears.
Just remember one thing, sir.
There's no fact in the church.
Ed Kaplan knows the scores.
Starting at 10, 7, 5, 10, 10.
We can't wait to see you on the fourth radio 5, 6, 8, 2, 8, 8.
Yeah.
Hey, baby, come play with my sloth.
It's maybe hangin' down but you can take a big it long.
Hey, baby, come play with my sloth.
You don't have the swallow.
I have a washcloth.
Amen to please, when you're goin' down on me.
Oh, yeah.
Where does otherwise upon your maid?
True.
You can't talk for a moment too, see?
Well, here I come.
The roughest and the smoothest.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Who's your daddy now?
Baby, baby.
Baby, baby, come on.
Baby, come on.
By the way, CNN to show you how a brand new American people are and how they're not easily swayed.
Before the president stated the union address last night, the poll was,
does the president set a good moral example?
Only 35% said yes.
After the speech, 49% said yes.
He said to good oral moral, it was a moral example or oral example.
What are the other?
Now, 98% of the men all said yes.
The men, women were little pithed up.
Andy Bliler, a married 32-year-old theater technician to Vancouver, Washington,
School of Arts and Academics held a news conference Tuesday night to announce that he had a five-year-of-year affair with Lewinsky,
that little bitch, and that she had bragged of a sexual relationship with a high-ranking White House official.
Bliler's lawyer, Terry Giles, who did most of the talking, said he and the blilers weren't glad not to believe much of what Lewinsky told them because they considered her untruthful.
Kathy and Andy would both describe Monica as having a pattern of twisting facts, especially to enhance her version of her own self-image.
Giles said,
Giles said Lewinsky told Bliler she was having oral sex with the high-ranking White House official and was frustrated and agitated that it was all he wanted.
He added that she referred to the official as the creep.
Lewinsky referred to the president as the creep on secretly recorded tapes made by former White House colleague, Linda Trip, the creep.
So, are we starting to see a pattern of what this was all about?
So, in other words, she's a typical fat chick, making up stories about how erotic her love life is and everything works out.
But even if it was true, you see, she was jilted and they finally tossed her ass out because she was coming to work naked every day.
It's a go over the Pentagon. They liked that over there. They'd like to send a missile, a heat-seeking missile into you immediately.
And that was the end of that. So, she felt jilted and to be trading upset if this was all true.
And so, not because she referred to him as the creep, is there any doubt that she was out to make a timmis in a song and a dent, and especially a timmis because she's Jewish.
An oral sex, too, Ma?
Oh, sorry about that.
Sorry about that, Ma.
Oh, not oral sex.
And so, anyway, the thing about Kelly Mitchell at Channel 7, I have a fact which I don't know if this is true, but it says they kicked her out of the anchor spot because she warned people to take their children out of the studio before she discussed Clinton's sexual allegations on the newscast.
And they evidently had a little comfort toms there in the studio and she opened up a big push and that was the end of Kelly Mitchell at Channel 7. How do you like that?
Hey, those kids want to hear about it? Coconut Grove. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what's going on? Did you hear what I heard?
I heard about a 960 on the news. We said that there's what's any Monica bitch at the offer there like a couple of million to come out in tenthouse and give the story there.
That's f***ing bitch.
Do you like that? A real slut? A real major slut?
Yep. Who'd want to see her if that puts anywhere in tenthouse?
Exactly. We got her face, right?
You got to put her like in big homes or something.
Okay, thanks for the good news. Talk about the low price spread.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello?
Yes, I'm calling you about it because you're taking out all the time about facts. I want you to know if they don't give you facts or you retire.
What are you saying, man? What language are you speaking? Hello?
Hello?
What are you saying? What language are you speaking? English?
I think all languages.
Yeah. Well, what did you just say? Would you like to hear your interpreter out of the closet for me and tell me what you just said?
I say that you all the time speaking about facts, Rolto.
Well, let me ask you something on the news now when they're talking about Monica Lewinsky and the president.
What is that about? Is that about sex or is it about the world affairs?
I'm talking about you. I don't talk about nobody else. I'm talking about you.
What is the topic that is in the news?
I think you don't have all sex.
Man, you are giving all sex. That is the question today.
You are giving all sex, man.
You don't get a call and have a sex. Bye.
Okay, go get a towel. She's probably had more
in her mouth than Carter's got pills than Monica Lewinsky.
But she's listening, baby. She can tell you what I've been talking about all day long and since she says you always talk about this, she's listening every day, every single day.
But it compels her the spirit of Christ compelder, like they said in the excess. Remember that father, Marin?
The spirit of Christ compels you. The spirit of a bunch of bull crap with this already.
Like David Sivirl and the witch doctor.
Once they start talking to this religious cock, I'm asking you to make you lose it.
We're having a good time here today. We're having a hell of a good show.
And then all of a sudden these maniacs, they started going to a heat because they started hearing all this stuff about priest.
And of course we all know that. I mean, that's no big news. That is old as the hills.
And there's that certain element just like her. She goes off the deep end.
She may have actually been enjoying herself and had a good time with the show today until all of a sudden 70s said priest.
But I mean, that a bull, that by she's going nuts out there.
Mobile in Miami. When has Todd this?
How you doing, Neil? Great.
I'd like to talk about your religious views. I'm probably happy that I've been talking to somebody who has the same views that I have.
It seems to me that whoever can't cope with reality has to cope with religion.
There you go. People who are weak. People who are like little lemmings. They don't have enough balls to deal with reality and with death and face the world the way it is, which isn't all that pleasant.
And so they have to have a crutch. That's exactly right, sir. Very, very weak people, which is most people.
If you think about it, most people that do turn to Christy Christian to any of you.
To any of you. They're usually like recovering alcohol, it's a drug addict.
Oh, yeah. That's real.
I'm a prostitute to what have you. People that just can't cope with reality. I'm glad that I finally have somebody that's on the radio and actually talking about these dudes.
Oh, God.
Yeah, there you go. Well, thanks a lot. Neil, nice talking to you.
God bless you, my child.
All right.
Don't sneeze.
Yeah, it's long overdue. There need to be about 10,000 of us who just talk.
It's got a question of anti-religion. It's just talking common sense and talking reality and just trying to strike back at the stranglehold that all these big corrupt businesses have on the brains of the human race.
And especially in this country, you go to Western Europe and even though there are plenty of churches, many of them very, very old.
The attitudes of most people on religion, except in Northern Ireland, where they're killing all over each other because of it.
The attitudes of most people is like, ah, who cares? It's not a big deal. It's a bunch of bubble myses, which it is.
Bubble myses, like that old spick woman, I called them in and go, just keep repeating that lady.
Bubble my see, bubble my see, bubble my see, that's it. Say it again.
I have to admit, who knew that?
That's close enough for a start. Bubble my see, just say that over and over again.
And stop giving and slap and giving your money and your energies to a lot of fairy tales so you can make a lot of fags and dresses richer and richer.
Although I'll tell you one thing, now that they can't get any insurance anymore, any liability insurance, they may be not so rich. That's why they need more of your money.
That's why the folks run around and say, make a lot more babies. We need your money because they keep getting all these lawsuits, all these molestation suits, and they keep settling them out of court in behind closed doors and in behind erect them.
And pay it off millions and dollars so we know they must all be invalid.
Or is that invalid?
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With two canoe theft on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Gara-Large, now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get away from my corner of the hill, you big M.S.
Remember when we used to post a fact in Caribbean, and we ought to get a wonderful finish baby, white ones are cooler.
Get away from my corner of the hill, you big M.S.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
So that is he likes that.
Get away from my corner of the hill, you big M.S.
Get away from my corner of the hill, you big M.S.
Remember some fast tries to steal my car, I feel safe and with an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get away from my corner of the hill, you big M.S.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac and Gara-Large now, and receive a free flower antenna.
Get away from my corner of the hill, you big M.S.
And old Jewish guy named Isaac and Gara-Large now are available at all their stores.
Get away from my corner of the hill, you big M.S.
Did he issue a supper to wait on flight?
You go, James, compare to the other one of the guys.
Your conversation with him on the boat, provided can start with a stiffer and harder investigation.
Honest cup, honest cup, what some times do you wish girl like you?
Honest cup, honest cup, wearing a dress with present doon.
Did you say a silly and where you served right?
To find that way it was done sir come side with echo reno chains and the tiny sprouts on a commoner call.
Honest cup, honest cup, honest cup, honest cup, honest cup, honest cup, honest cup, honest cup, honest cup, honest cup of honest cup.
Also speaking of Monica Lewinsky and he noticed much much much much less to be said now, because Kenneth Starr has gotten kind of lukewarm on this bitch.
You notice that?
And they may not even, they may not be any deal because they may not be nothing there and maybe it's all a lot of smoke.
That's fucking bitch!
That's right. Maybe she's only blowing smoke, but any rate of buried. They should have been on the front page of the newspaper today
But buried on page 10 a as they say in Toronto is these a couple of very short paragraphs
Which should give you a pretty good idea where this whole thing lays in lies right now
It says in discussions with prosecutors to determine what a Lewinsky should be granted immunity from prosecution
Ginsberg that's William Ginsburg her attorney has not offered him to have his client make those statements that a lawyer involved in the case
One of the lawyers said the tapes indicate that Lewinsky not 24 characterized the presidents remarks more as a suggestion and not a directive
By any means in other words like maybe it'll be a good idea not to let anybody know that you're sucking my
You know what I'm saying and not a directive like go lie about it
I don't et cetera. So you notice how the story keeps changing faster than Monica's panties. It's changing like crazy
Also judge says Navy violated don't ask don't tell the ruling came amid accusations that the Navy is pushing senior petty chief
Offers their Timothy Armageddon with the punishing with the meaning jobs and exposing him to possible assault
In the first such ruling a federal judge said on Thursday that the Navy violated the military's don't act
Don't tell policy when it dismissed the sailor for a homosexuality based on an anonymous online message and it goes on and on and of course
They're going to appeal it and waste a lot of your taxpayer money and the courts will finally say you're full of crap and pay them
50 million dollars and don't pass go et cetera. I really hope you use this on the air
I've been listening to you. I am now for maybe 20 years
At least I've been living here for 40 years. I've never heard anything as disgusting as this new Roger's program
I've heard of me for it. It's pornographic the photo my granddaughter of one of my kids looking to his bizarre
I have to tell you frankly I am done listening to your station
This is a gross gross thing I have ever and as far as I'm concerned you're up my book
Goodbye as the days go on
I think we must be accomplishing some tremendous things on this program because I'm noticing that there are like that
The guy we had on the female there a tremendous number of people who are bitterly offended and deeply upset and
What's the other word disgusted disgusted and offended?
I was just upstairs several power people
Sales people and otherwise are getting a nunch messages on their voice mail also just by association really just because we're in same building
All right excellent
So we must be doing because I've said before if you're on the air and you're not pissing off a lot of people
I'm getting a lot of people really grossed out and revolted and upset you're not doing anything you're boring
You're just plain boring anybody can go on here
I'd be boring anybody can go on here and kiss ass
But to go on here and get everybody worked up into a frenzy and I noticed really last night at the hockey game
It's a Miami arena. I noticed before the game and in between periods when I was walking down a hallway to go take a leak and whatever else
I noticed that you can see it in the faces of people
There are a lot of people like there always have been who come up to me
You know that I'm the hockey god the hockey maven and they very appreciative of the fact that I've been speaking up for them
And not just shilling like some of these other people and then there's another great again
Of course there are a whole bunch of people haven't got any idea who I am, which is fine
And then there's another group of people who look at me like oh
It's the anti-crite. It's that disgusting fact
Which I take tremendous pleasure in it. I love that. I enjoy it tremendously
So keep those obnoxious v-mail messages coming and remember they will be played on here
But I give that guy credit. He said I hope you do play this on here. He remembers Q.A. I'm when it was
When it was boring I remember that too like about 400 years ago when WQM and WFUM were basically the only AEM stations that anybody cared about
Except for WIOD which all the old far too is to listen to remember that station WIOD
Oh, I hate that station and that was basically it that was your now
What about wins I and Z was on here in those days Jerry Wichner was there getting his wig stool in time at time again and freaking out about it
Yeah, but they weren't playing Abba you think that Jerry Wichner's wig is related to Bob Eisenberg's
We'll have to check that out only Bob doesn't change color like Jerry's used to so yesterday
We did the show we were talking about oral sex because the president and Monica Lewinsky if nothing else
They brought oral sex by me right into the forefront of American society everybody is looking in the end of that so to speak and what
Why why is it disgusting and offensive if we talk about it here on the air when all the people on CNN
MSNBC CNBC CBS ABC a Fox News they're all talking about it time magazine
I think I use the term blowjob or something like that. Yeah, I think they did well
That's a legitimate forum and we're just a bunch of goofballs and we're gonna say it and then titter
Yeah, cuz we might actually enjoy it like the people at time magazine don't enjoy a good blowjob, right?
Right see you can't deal with the truth
We've got so many emotional cripples out there. It's terrifying to me. It's very sad. Oh, I don't like what he says
Well, I don't care what you like what I say
But what I say happens to be pretty much on target and what I say also you won't hear anybody else saying cuz like I told you the other day
Most of Mara Bontje asked kissers
Why is it that so many people get very they they just become unglued when they hear things that challenge the
preconceptions that they've been very satisfied to hold for years and years and years and somebody says well
Guess what you're full of crap. Oh, no, it can't be well guess what you are you've been led down to garden path you assholes
See one other thing I want to make very clear and that is that those people who complained to the power 96 people
Complained to Greg Reed complained to Dup Lindsey complained to this one this you'll ain't go in anywhere except straight to the top
That's where we're going in fact we're already there so you have choices
You know you can either continue listening and being pretend you're being aggravated even though you really like it
You can turn it off find something else to do like a lot and play golf
Which would be good for boring people who don't like this show or you can just like you know just get in a car
And just wander off the Hershey highway somewhere and get out of our lives
Nobody is forcing anyone to listen to this show
But they're disgusted and they're revolted and they're good excellent
This is such a goddamn boring town anyway if you can discuss and revolt people even that alone at least is making her juices flow a little bit
That's all Monica was doing my god. What that was wrong with these uptight prudish ass old people
Here's a Davie hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi one of the things though the reason I wanted to thank you and also to call you about this oral sex deal
Yes, I had heard about it yesterday and was listening to you of course and
Many years ago in a national fraternity that I belong to a lot of the pledges the guys that want to get into the fraternity
They do several rituals and things and all kinds of crazy. Oh, yeah, but one of the nights they get together and they they basically
Collect money like a cover charge. They show a
Hornle flicks and whatever you they can pick up they
V that was before the VCRs really they were all these little 8 millimeters or whatever they were right and they sell
Boos there to the brothers and get everybody drunk and everybody's horny well they decided they were gonna bring in
a couple of girls to relieve all these horny guys. There's about 20 or 30 guys there and
I never had any oral sex from a man
At least that if I haven't you know that I know honestly, but these two gals that came in they looked great
They gave oral sex to about 20 and 30 guys a couple of them went back in for seconds and the bottom line was at the end of the evening
I found out they were men right they were men they were men and I don't know what's right
Wow and these guys went in for seconds. So I don't know if that helped you
I did not these guys find out about that afterward
Well the pledges were scared to death to let the brothers know because they felt that you know
They would be severely punished for that. Yeah, the macho a lot of this macho image, you know and they didn't want
We didn't want other fraternities to find out. So there you go
I think it proves that don't ask don't tell us probably a pretty good idea exactly look
They did find out a couple of days later. Yeah, and most of the guys took it and stride and didn't think much about it
They took it and stride
I bet they did but they were at the coin of phrase they were waxing the shaleleys pretty good that unbelievable
Thanks a lot pal. Thank you sir. Bye. Bye. Bye. Have a good one. There you go with your eyes closed
Who knows the difference fraternity? Oh, yeah, they do such silly things. Why do you think they use on Greek names and Greek letters?
You're not talking about it. Right, don't are you? Here's a mobile in pop and oh hello Neil. Yes, sir
Are you better brother great?
Last night I was watching this movie on HBO, you know talking about this brief thing all you know this week
It was this movie called judgment. I don't know if you see it
It was about this tree to molester this kid and you know finally, you know
They they proved that he did it you've seen it you spoke about it
Well, that was the one I was on the CBC first I think I don't know. I don't know
Yeah, I'm just saying but um at the end of the movie they had this caption where now the insurance companies won't
Right
I'm sure the traffic church because this guy was sued or the Catholic church was sued for like 1.25 million and now they're like
You know they're hanging out the drive these guys and I know it's just unbelievable
I think they needed to really deal with this thing, you know
Well, they are dealing with it. They're paying off people behind
I mean they've been doing that for years and that's the right of dealing with it
Right and they're in denial and every once in a while they come along and they make a like a blanket apology
And they say we're sorry that we did you want to blanket and that's their idea of dealing with it
They just they just continue being in denial
60 minutes of that piece with Mike Wallace of about five six years ago what they show that so-called rehab place in New Mexico
Or they send the priest to be rehabilitated and then they send to some other
Some other parish somewhere from wherever they were in the first place and they go and they start molesting a bunch of kids there
It's it's just a like a shuttle
You know they just shun them around different places from under one other and they just pretend it's not going on
Right well when I was growing up as a kid, you know, I was I was sent to the Catholic Church
Luckily I was smart enough to
You know not not to become an alter-boy or not to get into the I was even kicked out of
C.C.D. Excellent. Congratulations. So I'm I'm I laugh and after all the things we heard about Columbus
Hi, I think God only knows what's going on. I turn around a lot to the devil also, so but
I knew this one kid and
He finally became a brother even when I was growing up as a kid this guy was a little strange
So I was wondering what his deal was why did he become our brother?
And I'm I think even now he's a priest but I moved away from where you know where that area was
But I mean I've been living here for like 24 years now
So you know, I guess this guy's a little he's a nod ball. Congratulations, dear sir. All right, nearly take care
Have a good one. What do you mean by that?
dolphins football
sports radio five sixty
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob
Hey guys, if you're single and spend most of your nights alone in your room, why not work out?
You get there a drift. It's easy with solo flex solo flex is the high-tech workout device that's effective because it works on one muscle at a time
In fact, it works on only one muscle, but you can set it up in 20 different ways to work on that one muscle
Yes, there's nothing like a session with solo flex to get sweaty and feel good about yourself
Tommy are you in there? Hello?
What are you doing in there Tommy and when you're done or if you're interrupted solo flex holds up quickly and hides in the back of your club
Solo flex in the 90s working out alone is the safe and healthy way to go call now for every
And on demonstration. We got the mobile bin Miami next. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you today? Very well?
tremendous. Never been better. I listen. I want to calling because I'm one of those guys who's had
Both sexes give head and how I enjoy the quiet bit. I don't mind calling in. How do you like that? Yeah, we do
For your listeners after there is a different definite difference between a male and a female given head and what is that sir?
Well, obviously guys know there
No guys might hold up better. That's that's my point and I also want to ask how many of the
Catholics do you think you're gonna call in asking for those videos today? Oh my god
There's no fact in the church definitely none
I grew up here in Miami and I went to a Christian school and
Not Columbus. Hi
God you're the one you're the one guy that didn't go to Columbus side that can talk about a story
But now I want to call in and just kind of share that with you and your listeners. Thank you so much. I'm glad you enjoyed it
Hey, you have a good one and back to you. I wish I did the facts machine is very quiet
They're just not gonna come out of the closet there and of course you had to open up your big mouth about how we get the numbers
What an asshole you are we're not interested in tracing their numbers
We're not trying to intimidate we're just trying to force a little bit of honesty here
Which is not gonna happen trust me. We're not interested. I don't know. We are not
Well, you're not here's a mobile in Hollywood hello in high a Leah hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I just want to know why you're so mean
What does that mean? What does that mean? Why are you sitting at all? I'm not why are you an asshole?
I'm not an asshole. Why can't you just be nice like all the gay guys? What would it be nice about what?
What are you talking about? I'm talking about you
What is not nice? I'm one of the nicest people you'd ever know. Do you know me? Have you ever met me?
I know you through the radio. Yeah, this is a radio show
Do you know the difference between a radio show which is entertainment and real life?
Or are you one of those people who's so stupid that you don't?
The difference. I know the difference. So what are you talking about?
I'm talking about you. Yeah, so why do you listen to the show if you don't like what I do on here?
Why can't you just be nice like all the other gay guys? Let me ask you again. Why do you listen to the show?
Answer my question. No, answer my question. Why do you listen rather than call me and tell me how to be?
I just was listening and you just like an asshole. So what are you listening for? That makes you an asshole if you keep listening long enough to call in here.
I'm not saying that. What is it? What is it?
Not as much as I thought. Get out of here you silly. I mean that's so that's some kind of you. You're not even at the sandbox level.
You're an asshole. No, you're a bigger asshole. Get out of here you silly bitch.
She just happened to be listening. You listen to the show where we damn day sweetheart. Every day
my hulaie at friend and a guarantee if I had tickets here for Enrique Iglesias or Luis Miguel or Hulaio Iglesias or Ricky Martin or some
Spick singer out there. I guarantee you to be sucking around here like I was the greatest things in sliced guaya baris.
Whatever the hell that is. And if you don't want to wear them, eat them is what I say. Eat this.
Why can't you be cynical? The other gay guys. Yeah, all the gay guys I know are real sweethearts. Okay.
I know some gay people that would like eat you up for breakfast. Not literally of course.
Man, oh man. What a stupid stupid. There you go. One of those ones you were talking about yesterday.
Right. I try to tell you. Oh my god. Probably got a big fat ass to no doubt.
Well that's the best part of it. There you go. That's what I'm thinking.
Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. First of all I'd like to thank you for the shirt I got a couple
weeks ago from you. Thank you very much. Okay. Dickens, Sider, T-shirt. Yeah. Well you're certainly
welcome sir. We're in good health. Okay and I got a story for you about the men pleasing men thing
and I'll get as I'll here to say it doesn't happen. Okay. Okay. You know those little
keep shows rooms that go at the adult bookstores. Right? Okay. But are you going to have to go
on the side of one? Now please don't tell me there was a glory hole in the wall because I'm not
old enough to hear these stories. Well there was a glory hole in the wall. Oh my god. I did it.
I did not know what I did not know what this was at the time I was in there. I mean there for
all. I didn't think they were like mice in the place or something. No, I didn't see it. Like I
didn't notice it. You know I just went in there. Right. And I'm in there. Now what were you doing
in there? I was. But you can you can use your imagination. Okay. Okay. And I'm watching and I'm
watching, flipping through about two minutes after I'm in there. Something pops through the glory hole.
Definitely mouse. Yeah definitely a mouse. The ball hit it mouse and it always do I
conflicted. Did it want to know what was in the next room? Needless to say I closed the door.
Oh yeah. And I got out of there in a second. Yeah. And this place happened to be about two
blocks from Columbus senior high school. And I like to say that maybe it was maybe was father
O.J. Father O.J. That's the thing. Let me tell you all the girls that work here with me.
They love you, but they're all afraid to call you. Well at least they're they got that other
bit. They got her beat by about a hundred yards. So let me tell you. Play back on a banana boat.
Well I like to call Michelle and Adrian a flaming douchebag because they're very,
they're I mean they're just chicken to call you. Come to stand up for old glory.
Adrian Neil can we get can I come up for one of the gay videos for them? Sure no problem.
Okay. Now which one do you want? How about horse video volume one? That's that'll be the
big event of there we get. I mean are they really hungry like a horse because that's the one they want.
Like Harry Elefante. Like Harry Elefante? Yeah I'm going to give them Harry Elefante. You want to
say hi to Michelle? Not you want to talk to you. You want to say hi to me? No problem.
Okay one second one second come here. Come here Michelle. Do not come up with a few.
A little bit. Neil does not bite. Neil has never bit. You want to bet? He curled his
shirt. Yeah I do from my hello. Hi Michelle. How you doing? I'm finding yourself. Are you terrified of
me? Are you scared? Do you have the the idea that I'm some kind of a nasty miserable bad guy? No
actually it's not just my coworker. He's my boyfriend but he told me somebody's story to buy you.
Oh bet. Don't believe any of them. And keep away from those glory holes too Michelle.
Really? No that was way before us. I hope so. I think it was at least a week ago.
Okay. Hang on. We'll send you something good. Okay thank you. Hang on. Take care of Michelle
and her glacier boyfriend. They're line three. Hi Alia. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil.
Now you had the other caller. He was he has sex with a priest and everything. Yes sir.
I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I think he's bitter and I think he's there's no fact
in the church. Oh this is the same guy again. Yes it is. Are you going to be calling us every day
with this bubble mic? Why don't you come up with a new routine? Because you always
tell her about the stop sounding like something like guilty now. Okay you're auditioning for
the morning show. No. Yeah. No. Bring it down. Bring it down. Bring it down. A couple of
octaves and stop. Stop sounding like a gilding. You're a tactic. Where you go. Now you're
talking to a real man. Talk to a Catholic church. No sir. I don't attack the Catholic church.
I attack all churches all synagogues all Hindus all. Oh you see me here religion. What you're
saying in your religion. I'm out of shame to any religion. I don't believe in fairy tales.
Sir do you? You don't have fairy tales. I believe in other ones who work here at QAM. Get
out of here your week today. There's no fact in the church. Okay that's it. You already made promo
once pal. Don't push your luck too hard. He's pushing it. Only one South Florida radio station has
the hammer and you're up listening to it. Go for it. Week day after noon to two sports radio 560 QAM.
WQA have his proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting. Yes you too can have an
illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curriculum the courses free.
Of course you'll work for free. Call 1-800-1-0 and speak to our director of education Mr. Lennie
and watch a blood test. Blood test out. Yes. Yes. What is that news?
Well can you say news?
No. No.
No. That news is no news.
News.
Yes.
I'll take you on a tour. You need help.
Here we have the Zoro's Beginners course.
We wait we wait.
We wait we wait we wait.
When we go through the hell we have the O forgive the way irgendwel.
Wait, no, what's in here?
Wait, here, here!
Take him as you go!
What are you gonna do?
Go straight down!
Let me go!
Wait, no!
Wait, no!
I'm holding him!
Wait, no!
Wait, no!
Wait, no!
Wait, no!
Wait, no!
Wait, no!
Wait, no!
Wait, no!
And nobody here we have done.
I feel like dead in them.
Ah, ah, ah, and I'll send you a book to a whim.
Page of 14.
Okay, okay, they have been me.
And, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
And nobody in this room is guilty when they're lost.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Ah, radio, where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need
to make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean a one-one proof.
With one-one woozy level.
Here's your brand, honey.
And again, it tastes so crappy.
You know, I'd give my immortal soul for a brand that tastes good.
I heard that.
The Alzebob, Lord of the Underworld, where are you doing here?
I heard you're not eating your fiber, Bob.
Perhaps you'd like to try a new Bealzebrand.
What's so great about Bealzebrand?
Well, one bowl of Bealzebrand has all the fibers you'll need to keep regular, but the
best part is it tastes great.
Wow!
Besides, if you don't eat your fiber, your bowels will clog with water, meat, and your
testable favorite kind of solution, gladious sports from your age.
OK, OK, I get the points.
So I'll eat my brain.
There's a good fellow.
Thanks, O Desolate One.
No problem.
And now about your immortal soul, Bob.
Bealzebob.
I'm just kidding.
Bealzebrand.
Because good health, shouldn't cost you your soul.
They're smoking it out in the Everglades.
Voices.
Every time you turn around, there's another one coming straight for you.
Your mom, your girlfriend, your buddies, right?
And somehow, your voice, the one that really matters gets buried.
But man, you can't let it space-timer.
And that's why the Air Force could be the place for you.
You'll learn a good salary, learn from $125.
And serve your country.
Well, that's the right.
Well, it's right for us to just fall, OK?
What was that about?
He came in here and he said, he all read in the face.
Well, I guess he wasn't read in the face.
It's kind of hard for Roy Foster to be read in the face.
Well, you know what a black guy gets read in the face.
You know?
But in any way, he looked at Barrister.
He said to me, oh, you should be talking about my personal stuff
on here.
I said, what personal stuff, you're, he said, oh, my plumbing problem.
So we take it back.
Roy Foster, he didn't care about the other thing.
You keep thinking it's about that stuff with that sales broad.
Now, he didn't care about that.
Everybody knows that.
Now, he's concerned that people will somehow
disgrade X-Doph and player when we all admire the money,
play it all.
He's really badly out of shape and fat now.
And we understand why he tried to act in that
because he's big as a house.
But at any rate, he did not shed blood.
I just made that up.
Not.
We talked about Maya incident on the year before, remember?
Well, you shed blood.
Right.
And all these people were calling me
and the doctor on the beach was calling me.
Yeah.
Well, but you're not uptight and sensitive.
And when you blush, here we can see.
So we know when you're offended.
But when Roy blushes, we can't see it.
So that echoes to his show.
One more good reason not to be black.
Because if you're going to be sensitive and start
blushing about stuff, how are we supposed to be knowing it, huh?
I don't be knowing it.
God damn it.
So Roy did not crap black or green.
Whatever it was.
Purple.
Red, whatever color it was.
Oh, it was purple.
OK, whatever.
Just go upstairs and do what's your name and get out of here, Roy.
Go sell some spots.
Here's Dear Field.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Never been better.
Listen, I just stepped into the house for a minute
and flipped the TV on.
You should hear Pat Robertson praying for Carla Fei Tucker.
So well too late now.
OK, the one that's going to fry.
Why should it be any different for the men than it is for the women?
Yeah.
You stick an axe through someone.
They're going to fry you.
Has nothing to do with men or women.
It has to do with that.
She's born again, sir.
Don't you understand?
She's a born again Christian now.
And how about she's changed?
So maybe O.J. O. C. Delight.
Yeah, well, that's the thing.
Oh, she's all ready to go meet her maker.
Good.
I wish I could pull the switchers or flip it for her.
Or give her the needle.
Stick it to her.
Yeah.
Then have a great day, Pat.
You too, Neil.
See you around, eh?
Everywhere you go, it's the same old crap.
Bunch of Yenthas.
See, it goes to show you why we have no spots on most
of the day on the station, because most of the people
are supposed to be selling and or coordinating
most kind of activities are busy.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, doing our Yentha routine.
So George tells me during the last break
that he's had several calls from upstairs, upstairs,
meaning the power structure of this joint,
where all the Yenthas sit around all day,
finger diddling each other or themselves,
or both as the case may be.
We're trying to get the stains off their clothing.
And people wanting to know, are you okay down there?
Is there anything going on?
Because Joe Castello is in here today,
who of course is usually back at the other joint,
getting Enfacima from what's in the building.
And he's just sitting here observing today,
in case the course, and he's the backup,
if we can say that, in case George is gonna be out sick,
which being here today, Joe, means count on it
in the next couple of weeks.
Trust me, he's already planning the days.
But I mean, doesn't that show you how pathetic
and paranoid you assholes and George says to me,
oh my, getting fired right now?
Yeah, cause he just bought a house.
That would be a good time to fire his ass.
Although at least you were a circumcised,
I'll say that.
That was only an accident,
but I just dropped my cigar.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
It wasn't lit, wasn't it?
No, no.
If I'm brushing down there, it's only cause it's cigar ash.
Let's go to a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neon?
How you doing, sir?
I got a couple quick questions for you
in a couple comments.
Okay.
You swine over to the Hurt Your Show before you came over
to our QAM, and basically,
listen to a few times, an open mind.
I think your insight in hockey is excellent.
I think you know a lot about the game,
and I appreciate some of the things I hear
in your comments about it.
Yes, sir.
But as far as your other comments,
I mean, I'd rather you stick to sports.
I don't understand right now.
You'd rather I stick to sports.
Well, let me say this to you, sir.
Again, I don't do a sports show.
I don't do a hockey show.
I don't do a sports show.
I do the highest rated show in this market
for the last 20 years,
but in your Roger Show,
and we'll continue doing so.
Don't hang up on me.
I'm not hanging up on you,
but I will say this.
I don't take direction from listeners,
especially people who don't even know what my show is about.
OK, well, like I said, I came on board with an open mind.
OK?
But I've been on the air now here for like five weeks,
and it would seem to me that if the only part
that you like hearing is the hockey stuff,
which represents about 5% or most of my show,
that you would have been long gone by now.
