D-Po said crap.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and grammar.
Or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Rita is gas poll.
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
bees leaving that position or the Beesley Broadcast group.
Now Neil Roger, on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
This is the sunny fox.
I listen to Neil Roger's because I can hear the word asshole.
Crap it over records.
Presents the coming out of who great deep sounds it's the out of the closet collection.
Yes.
Here's my head to spare you.
Bobby can you please me.
Let me reach you.
No.
Oh, Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Just one second.
I want to show you something.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Everybody is
You know, I tell you one thing, Jeff, you're a good guy ponytail, but next time you buy
a TV thing.
That is some of the stuff that's your screen, doesn't it?
Yeah, it's from better to hear.
True what?
Oh, cool.
Oh, awful.
Sounds like somebody's snippin' them with the tweezers.
Anyway, it's 10.03 at 5.60 WQAM, so they still haven't discovered that FCC story.
Let's hear it for local media.
But they have rediscovered Sunny Fox.
My favorite, there's a legend in the broadcast industry.
I don't need a sound incentive or just respectful.
But if you walk in the control room and see the orages, it appears as though you should have wheels at both sides of his chair.
I mean, he's sitting there like crouched down.
He's so forceful in the radio and he's such a little like, if he doesn't have a bodyguarine,
but he leaves the radio station, good luck to him.
I think he's got the conclusion, Chris, what's his name?
Igor, what's his name?
Redhouse.
Chris, can house?
Oh, can house.
There's another 5 grand.
And, oh, that's what we're going to do today.
I think we're going to like tally up all the money that we owe the FCC.
And by the way, I think I have figured out what the timing, the peculiar timing of this latest anticipated fine
that they're saying maybe we'll get after the lawyers get you thrashing the sound.
You think it might have something to do with Littleton?
Uh-huh.
And the fact that now the government has to play goody two shoes again,
because I know that if I were like a teenager and I heard somebody say the word uterus on the radio,
I'd go out and probably roll out throughout the whole town.
You know what?
I'd kill at least three or four people anyway.
Wouldn't you?
Uh-huh.
Sure.
Or if I heard that foul mouthed off and saying I'd probably blow half the town away.
Even with all those bleeps in there.
But nevertheless.
So here's a big story in the living arts section this morning.
And by the way, thanks to Joe Rose this morning who explained it to me.
Now I understand what they don't talk about, the pros and cons that book on the sports shows.
Because basically what Little Dog said is, we have to show her here,
because these shows are for the people who don't care about how many scumbags they're on professional sports.
That I'm paraphrasing a little bit, but that's basically what he said, which is why of course they are narrow casting.
Anybody who's a sports who's interested in sports a little bit or kind of a passing sports fan,
but isn't one of these nerds who doesn't just go ahead over heels for scumbags like Lawrence Taylor for example.
And there's a good, there's an excellent example.
Lawrence Taylor, one of the lowest forms of subhuman excrement on the face of the earth,
gets inducted into a football hall of fame in Canton, Ohio.
Pete Rose of course, that was gambling, which raises questions about the integrity of the game like I've told you before.
Lawrence Taylor, it doesn't make any difference.
How many drugs he did, sold, bought, etc. They don't care about drugs.
And that's the F and truth.
Let me tell you that right now.
And the same with baseball.
That's why Orlando Subpeta gets in.
Pete Rose doesn't.
See, but Orlando was only drugs.
That's his own thing.
He can be a scumbag, but he can still be in there.
But Pete Rose, it's gambling.
It raises questions about the integrity of the game, you know.
It brings us back to those ugly days of 1919 and the black socks.
We don't want to relive those days again, do we?
Uh-huh.
We do.
Hey, listen, it worked for the $64,000 challenge in 21.
Take a look at Jack Barry.
Rest in peace.
By the way, you know Jack Barry died?
Don't give me who.
Jack Barry from 21.
Don't give you who?
Joker.
Joker.
What was the end of that show?
Joker's what?
Vile.
Okay, I knew he was talking about that.
Oh, okay.
You know, you're just, uh, you got to expand your horizons a little bit.
It's been a long time.
That was a little wild, wild, wild night crack.
And he also had a show many years ago, which, uh, can we say this?
I think we're going to get fined for this called Winky Think.
And you.
Oh, you can't say Winky Think anymore, can you?
No.
Like I said, he had a show called Winky.
That was a little kid.
No, seriously, it was a kid show.
And that was back in the 50s.
It goes to show you.
We're not making progress in this country.
We're moving into the Stone Age.
You say, Dink on it.
Oh, that's $20,000.
So we used to have a show called Winky Think.
And what it was is you would join up and you'd have to send in like the box top from a Kellogg's sub-brand serial.
And they would send you like a little plastic screen that you put over the TV screen.
This isn't black and white, the days of black and white.
And it would like you to be.
And you'd have to like, with crayons.
And you'd, you could mark on it while watching the show.
I mean, that's all I remember of it, but it was called Winky Think You and Jackbury.
Winky, and you and Jackbury was the host.
So back in the 50s, Dink was okay, but Dink is bad in the 90s.
That's the message from the Federal Censuship Commission and all these other right-wing assholes.
By the way, did I mention that the FCC are a bunch of anal retentive assholes yet today?
No.
Okay, well, you are. I just said it.
Now they haven't discovered that story yet.
Nobody in the local media.
Now the reason that nobody has discovered has become Tom Jikers in Pasadena,
covering the fall preview of this annual journey that he makes out there.
So we can go to Santa Anita or Hollywood Park where the earth is open.
So that's the reason Tom Jikers written about it in the Sunsendles because he's not there.
So when he's not here, nobody in his town knows anything from radio at all.
Except Howard Cohen, the staff writer with the hero, who has a big piece in here with pictures and a whole deal of full color.
Here's Sonny Fox and Ron Hershey Highway.
On KISS.
And there's only one, well, there are two things I learned in this article today.
By the way, give J.P. back his $13 and stuff.
Do they get some mean jokes?
No, no. I wanted to use that for lunch today.
Let's call Brad and we'll buy a little something.
You're going to Mommy's, aren't you?
No, on Tuesday I go on Wednesday.
Oh, sorry.
You're going to have to tell you you are slipping.
You are slipping.
Not only don't you know Jack Berry or Martin Gronsky.
You don't know that I go to Mommy's on Wednesday for lunch.
I felt like Wednesday.
In fact, no, what I'm going to do then, I'm not going for lunch.
I'm going to go to our house and mumbles to her garbage when she's not there.
Then tomorrow I'll go there for lunch and say, oh, guess what?
Look at this.
I found this condom in your waist basket, Ma.
Who was here?
Yeah, who was visiting?
Yeah.
But anyway, she only wishes.
So here's a producer Janet Speetziale.
Sounds real Italian to me.
The two things I learned in this article about the Sonny Fox and Ron Hershey Highway.
Who are now on Kiss in the morning, which is our sister station.
Is that Kiss?
I don't even know who this guy is.
Have I ever seen him?
They've done a few.
I don't know.
How come Kiss has got its own general manager?
I thought that Greg Reed was the general manager of QAM, of Power 96, and Kiss.
And guess what?
Two out of three ain't bad.
Even Pete Rose didn't bet 667.
But nevertheless, they've done a few.
So maybe that's why Kiss does so well.
Because Greg Reed doesn't have his finger stuck in it, huh?
That probably is the reason.
Don't you think?
Yeah, he stays there a lot of...
And the reason Power does so phenomenally well is because Kid Curry runs that.
And Greg has nothing to do with that whatsoever.
I mean nothing.
Less than nothing.
Although he has been on to call that psychic network late at night.
Oh, and by the way, they have a new name for that show.
It's the psychic-dike network.
Anyway, what?
What is wrong with that?
What's wrong with a bunch of big fat psychic-dikes?
I don't see anything wrong with that.
With Saggy Hooters hanging out on their knees?
Oh, there's another $10,000.
Now I'm going to say after 10 at 560 WQM, we're going to find out who the real Dave Huda-Dani, who is okay, who that guy is.
The general manager...
See, I can't even get myself to say it.
The general manager of WKIS, Country Kiss.
Nice going there, Sunday Fox.
Maybe Sunday will grace us with an hour while it was great calls.
That's the one thing I learned and the other one was the fact that he's not drinking anymore.
How you doing, Sunday?
Okay.
Anybody believe Sunday's sober these days?
No.
Come on, he's sober.
As a judge.
That's what he said.
Right, Sunday?
It's a lot of gum on it, I go on.
F-D-C is trucking.
Get out of my way.
Get out of my way.
I'm doing like my choice of now.
I can't stop my dance.
Tell you I'm threatening cows.
The power of clansions.
I can't stop my dance.
Don't go by my chance.
I can't stop my dance.
I can't stop my dance.
I can't stop your baby.
By regulating what I say.
I can't stop my dance.
I can't fit my glance.
I can't stop my dance.
I can't help you, the trucking sails.
Tell me something, why are you like this?
Talk about my dance.
Give us a lie.
Talk about my dance, I can't stop getting by my dance.
Give us a lie.
Don't go by my dance.
I can't breathe without you.
Show you how you look at me.
I know I never wanted to be crazy.
Add some great melon on my eyes.
I'm so okay.
I'm just 50,000.
Tell you how I'm so whipped.
That's what I'm holding in.
I'm just 50,000.
Tell you how I'm so okay.
I'm just 50,000.
Tell you how I'm so okay.
I'm just 50,000.
Tell you how I'm so whipped.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
Tell you how I'm so okay.
I'm just 50,000.
Tell you how I'm so okay.
Tell you how I'm so whipped.
Tell you how I'm so okay.
I'm just 50,000.
Tell you how I'm so okay.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
I'm just 50,000.
Tommy.
Kramer.
Oh, Tommy Kramer, who, by the way, did not do drugs in the 60s or 70s.
I would not do sure about the 90s.
What a burnout.
But anyway, Tommy wouldn't have been able to say Ron and Billy.
So we had to keep it to Ron and Ron show.
Because basically, the pre-pubescent minds that listened to that show,
they would never have been able to handle anything besides Ron and Ron.
They could have been Billy and Billy, but that's like four syllables.
So Ron and Ron, that's about as far as they could go, with the people who listened to that show.
Was that a great show or what?
Oh, my God.
So anyway, my question is, if they would have hired Sonny, who I thought he was okay on here,
maybe he just didn't have quite the chemistry with Bennington.
You know, he didn't have the air for it.
With the dreaded deadlocks?
Can I ask you a question about people with dreadlocks?
Do they ever like bathed?
No.
They put a hernet out when they take a shower?
When they take a shower?
Oh, like I said.
Well, no, that's a good excuse.
Not to take a shower.
I don't want to mess up my dreadlocks, man.
Huh?
There are few words, I can't think of anything in the world, other than seeing Sonny Fox.
I can think of nothing else that makes me more nauseous than seeing people with dreadlocks.
Does that make me a bigot?
Like, we'll be goldbird.
Oh, I get the willies.
I get the heaves, the dry heaves when I see that bitch.
Why do people do that?
Is it just to show how obnoxious and disgusting an antisocial they can be?
Is that what it is?
And how much they can make you feel a squeamish?
And you can only imagine the stuff that's crawling around in there.
After weeks and months of not bathing, you can only imagine the bacterial growth and all the stuff that's all the live organisms that are crawling and oozing around in there.
You know, like Jimmy Hendrix, Rest in Peace, but I mean, let's face it.
You want to hear his music, but you don't want to get too close.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
It's kind of like, maybe that's why Greg.
I hear Greg read you used to have dreadlocks and he got him cut real short.
And even now, he still can't get the lice out of his head, which is why he keeps picking all over there, you know, all the time.
Maybe he's got cradle cap.
Is that what it is?
I don't think so, not in his case.
You're confusing him with Bob Green.
So anyway, getting back to sunny Fox.
So come to fight out from, I don't want to say Joe Costello told us, because he doesn't like anybody.
And I'll tell you who Joe Costello hates the worst.
And maybe he can't help it because it's his anti-foot fetish.
Is that Jack S. Fooody over there at Y100?
Who gets mentioned in this article by Howard Cohen, by the way?
I bet your Howard Cohen doesn't even own a radio.
So Joe Costello tells me that when sunny was over there sucking around a kiss after being bumped around and bumped around and didn't get on over there with Ron.
I didn't get that job.
Couldn't get a gig.
That he was sucking up to everybody real Mr. Nice guy.
And once as soon as they gave him the job on a morning show, everybody treated him like crap.
In fact, I said, well, what do you really think about sunny Joe?
And he said, he's an asshole.
Wow.
Pretty strong language from our buddy Joe Costello, but he generally has got it right.
I said to him, what about that production guy that bolted in Igor Krista Cathouse?
I said, what about him?
He's an asshole.
Oh my God.
He sure was friendly when we had all the free food here last week, came in here and sucked up about, I would say about $13 worth of food myself just estimating off hand.
So if we put his $13 in JP's, $13 bucks that he bought in this morning, we're $6 ahead of the game for the 20 I paid Brad the other day.
Now actually I paid the 20 bucks.
It wasn't for the launch it was hush money, so we'd stop picking on JP.
That's what I paid them the 20 bucks for.
Now I don't take credit cards, okay?
Do you?
I got a platinum card, sweetheart.
So anyway, big piece in here about sunny fox and Ron Hershey highway to pay for this morning.
While we're getting fine, what is with these calls this morning?
We had like already 20 calls.
I didn't have a chance to put any money in here yet.
Boy, talk about being in a big hurry.
They're probably getting all registered to make sure they can go out and vote two days from now on Thursday.
And then of course, wouldn't you know it?
Oh, guess who's got another great column in the hero today?
I can't believe it.
Two in one week.
Fred Grimm.
This guy may actually replace what was his name, John Grogon, as like a local columnist who writes more than one good column a year.
A hero dies and nobody notices.
I'm not going to read the whole thing unless it gets really dull here, which it looks like it's going to be, but nevertheless.
Fred Grimm writes that Frank Johnson died Friday.
Not many noticed, too.
Well, you wouldn't even know who that was, would you?
Oh, we can't say Johnson on a year.
What is another five grand?
Can't say Johnson.
Can't say Dick.
Can't say Johnson.
Can't say Willie.
What other nicknames?
Huh?
And certainly can't say Box.
Anyway, Frank Johnson died while the National Media Rhoff exploiting the death of a celebrity icon.
And by the way, there is still on it.
You'll never guess what the hunchback had on last night there.
America's number one apologist for the number one eulogizer for the Kennedys.
He had a bunch of people that including that, uh,
actually Bailey, who never met a bottle of he didn't like,
talking about the safety of flying alone.
You know, small plane crashes.
They just say there's nothing else going on.
They will not let it go.
They won't let it go.
They're in a feeding frenzy on it.
So anyway, Fred Grimm writes that Frank Johnson was the judge.
He was the man who in the defensive the Constitution stood up to George Wallace and state sanctioned racism
despite death threats and bombs and unspeakable harassment.
One of the bravest federal judges of our times,
and as many of his pioneering decisions later upheld by the Supreme Court,
were applied to become the law of the nation.
And yet the death of Judge Frank M. Johnson went unremarked by the anchors on the big networks.
He was death rated on a shame to say, says Fred Grimm,
only 14 paragraphs deep inside the Miami Herald.
On the same day, the JFK Memorial Service was splashed across the front page.
So on page one, you had the 85th day of JFK,
and on page 4b, if you notice, which nobody did.
There was a article about one of the great federal judges, Frank Johnson.
See, nobody cares about federal fricking judges, no matter how significant their role would be of been
in shaping American life and history.
Nobody cares about that because he wasn't glamorous and didn't have the name Kennedy,
and didn't have some glute magazine.
And that bitch who called at the end of the show yesterday,
all I can say to you, sweetheart, thank God we ran out of time.
Because I would have splashed your ass up from one side of the other,
I might still do it today, because I'm in just the right mood to do it.
We go through four whole hours here yesterday,
mostly about this election coming up on Thursday,
which of course does have to do with most people's lives who live, work, and drive in South Florida.
God forbid we should talk about something that really affects our lives instead of somebody
who died, who nobody knew in this audience.
And this bitch calls right at the end of the show,
well, mind if I change the subject, you're not going to like it.
And she goes into a big song that ends trying to rationalize about how when I croak,
I'm going to wait, see, I hate to break the news to you, sweetheart,
but if I'm when I do croak and I'm still on the air, which I doubt,
because I'm healthier than a horse, but if I should, the fact is this,
that the people who would be upset about it would be people I've been entertaining
for 23 years or part of that 23 years on the air,
so maybe I did make some little significant addition to their lives.
Did Junior, did John John entertain us?
No. Was he interesting? No. Was he provocative? Was he humorous? No.
Was he anything in my life? No. No. No. No.
What the hell are you talking about, honey?
You silly thing? God, she was pathetic.
Trying to rationalize what you're really trying to do at my expense
is make yourself feel better about the fact that your priorities are all screwed up,
that your attitudes are absolutely humanly unacceptable, unacceptable.
The fact that you don't have enough hutspa to like, you know,
enough intestinal fortitude to step away from the masses,
we'll get sucked in by the media hype and get convinced that,
oh, this was something a monumental event in our life,
and this was an extraordinary human being.
See, I'm getting started on again because of that bitch,
but that's good, because there's no calls.
What we've had, look at this, we had 40, I've counted them,
48 calls over, Junior's nobody hanging on.
A lot of people very upset about what you're saying about running on.
That's what that flurry was all about.
There were people who listened to Ron and Ron calling this show.
I hate to break the news to you, Ron and Ron,
happened to be two of my best personal friends.
That's what they said.
And if you guys can't take a joke,
I think no, seriously, if they weren't big fans of mine,
if Ron and Ron and I hadn't been really tight back in those short,
they were briefed, but they were great, those passion days.
I mean, what are you talking about?
It's so embarrassing looking true.
That's right.
As a matter of fact, Neil Rogers is my lover.
There you go.
A little lone fact.
Bennington probably still embarrassed about it.
And in his case, I made an exception about the dreadlocks.
Well, seriously, there are people in this audience who thought that Ron and Ron were entertaining
that they had a show.
Remember when they went off the year the first time when they went into a panic over there at the Zeta?
Because Howard had just come on here and they knew that after one book,
that was obvious that Howard was going to blow them out of the water because they blew.
And the ratings were dropping like a rock.
So they unceremoniously yanked them off the year and they vanished for quite a period of time.
And we kept getting these calls on IOD.
Oh, Ron and Ron are coming back.
Oh, they're coming back.
Well, half of that was true.
One of them did come back.
The other one was too lacking in intestinal fortitude.
There's that word again to make a comeback.
So we had Ron Bennington and the Ron of choice,
which I never did get Ron to ask you the question.
If they would have hired Sonny Fox, would it have been Ron and Ron Fox?
Oh, yeah, he would have had to change his name.
You've heard him for 100 years in the market as Sonny Fox,
but now he's Ron Fox because we don't want to confuse Tommy Kramer.
He did that.
Who never did any drugs in the 70s, but he just looks like it.
Tommy Kramer.
There was a radio legend, man.
There was a guy, huh?
Remember when he came up with that great bit that staged a bit about somebody who died,
who didn't die, who was it, Tony Bennett or somebody?
Somebody insignificant.
And they put that thing on the year.
That was about the most famous thing they ever did besides that argument they had on the year,
which I'm going to play in them.
And by the way, you inspired me that on the year history of between Bennington and D.N.
So actually, we had how many four people who liked Ron and Ron?
That's our poll question today.
Who do you like better Ron and Ron or Rick and Suds?
Or the first team?
Let's throw them in there too.
Oh, yeah, especially after Little Dog made those ridiculous comments this morning trying to justify
the wimpiness they had toward these scumbags, like Lawrence Phillips.
Oh, yeah, there we go. 49ers.
I'm proud.
I knew if it didn't go out there for about a week.
So the locals get ahold of him.
Yeah, they'll show him up.
Brackdom thing or two.
Producers.
What you got is a meeting.
No, that's my rule.
I won't.
That's true.
That's the rule for me.
You're in radio?
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to know you.
You're in the business.
I don't want to know you.
Lose my number.
Now, how do you really feel?
The business has been meaning to you over the years.
You haven't taken enough out of it.
The business has been so cool to me.
I thank you.
And now I can go away in peace very, very, very soon.
Goodbye.
I think we just signed off.
No, no, no, no.
Just me.
Just me signing off.
How's the crib?
How's it down south crib?
Nice?
Yeah, it's great.
It's great.
Love the hood?
You know, I'm just trying to get in.
You know, my life is getting these rumors about you leaving.
Why did we buy a new house?
I don't know, honey.
You didn't tell me until after we already put the mortgage down.
I told you before the mortgage, my friend.
No, no.
Yes, I did.
I remember talking to you about this.
You never talked to me.
I heard from someone else.
I know.
I talked to you in the middle of November.
We all sat down in the middle of November.
You in the middle of a deal.
You didn't do the deal and you didn't do another deal.
You told me that.
I just said I didn't know.
You told me that.
You told me that in November, man.
You did.
We never talked in November.
We did talk in November.
We sat in the hotel room in November and talked.
What hotel room?
That hotel lobby and then we went up to the room in Tampa.
That hotel room.
Remember, we had lunch and then we went up to the room.
By that time, I already had my place.
No, by that time, you didn't have your place.
And I didn't talk to you.
I talked to the people that you had told me.
No, we all talked.
We all sat up there and talked together.
We did.
We had a meeting.
We all sat down, talked.
And then you and I and two other individuals from the company sat down and had a meeting
in the hotel room.
And that's how it went down.
That's what happened.
And that was before Thanksgiving.
And here we are January 6th.
Are we going to have a conversation or what?
Are we done?
Should I walk away now?
You're going to do whatever you want to do, man.
I have done whatever I want to do.
But should I walk away now?
Would it be easier?
I don't want to make this thing difficult.
No, there's things all about you anyway.
It's not all about me.
It's about the show continuing.
It's not all about me.
It's not all about me.
It's about I'm moving on.
And we're making this an easy transition.
Well, let's make it then.
We are making it.
And then we're asking about how everything's going.
I asked you if I'm going on.
I'm going on.
Okay, I asked you about the crib.
That's all.
It's great, man.
Man, I'll just leave now.
If it seems you're that way, I will.
It's not easier that way.
Well, then why are you saying what you're doing?
I'm not doing anything.
Let's go on.
Let's act like everything's happy.
That's exactly what I was doing.
And then you took your headphones off and didn't want to talk to them.
I don't play.
I'm not playing.
I'm not playing at all, man.
I'm being totally honest with you.
And I have been.
Yeah.
What do you mean, yeah?
I'm glad.
I'm glad everything's going down the way it's going down.
It's all happy to me.
It's all happy to me.
I know it is.
It's time for me to move on.
That's all.
All right.
So let's change the subject.
I didn't bring it up, man.
I didn't mean the conversation.
Whether you need to stop talking to me.
Way up the tempo was a crap.
A morning show.
Yes.
Then in Orlando they ran it too.
Now they can't compete in old Tampa Bay.
They're on in Jacksonville and they're too old.
Run and run.
They just aren't that funny.
If something tells me they make too much money.
Run and run.
And throw it a blow.
Run and run.
All of the A's like to call them the bros.
Bash the gaze and the epics too.
They're worse than sunny fox or parvy shoes.
Lassons are my lo and even.
Joey too.
Run and run.
They just aren't that funny.
If something tells me they make too much money.
Run and run.
And throw it a blow.
Run and run.
You know these two losers show it's a real snoozer.
But I must get credit where credit is due.
After five minutes of that bad radio.
Makes me love that Chuck Myers morning show.
Run and run.
They just aren't that funny.
If something tells me they make too much money.
Run and run.
And throw it a blow.
Run and run.
Run and run.
That's best one.
He was a really a piece.
It's 1037 and 560 WQM.
How come these run and run defenders.
They just like the ads who didn't have the balls to come down here.
They must take after him.
If you like them, they thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
They thought they had a good show.
I'm the Joltee that called this morning on the first team.
I'm talking about the hangable minisecond time.
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
What do you mean the second time?
There are a bunch of scumbags out there.
And the people in sports radio don't want to tell you that.
Because then it'll, it takes the glean.
You see, they have to have the polish and the hype on there.
So that everybody out there to morons feel,
Oh, these are really important people, man.
These are great people that we can admire.
And all our kids can look up to, like Lauren Phillips, right?
Oh!
Scumbags.
The scumbag of the month, whether it's Lauren Taylor,
whether it's LT, L-P-O-J, whichever name you want to put in there.
You know what I'm talking about?
Roll!
He knows.
He knows where to stick it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
And what does that have to do with Ron and Ron anyway?
What does see what I'm talking about with this audience?
They get me whipped up with this Ron and Ron thing
because they're calling you off the ear.
I played the bits there, which were relatively amusing,
especially that little fallout they had on the ear there,
which I love.
Because on that, basically, that show was nothing but a bunch of backstabbing anyway.
And they all hated each other like poison.
It was a backstabbing fest is what it was.
Not a love fest like around here,
where we all love each other.
Ooooooh!
Oh, Tammy!
You got it, suck!
Long capture, and Pazema,
Smegma,
Zabaria,
Saraiasus.
They can all be attributed to the harmful effects of smoking cigarettes.
Hello, I'm William Talbot.
Perhaps you'll remember me as Hamilton Burger,
Raymond Burz-Admiss,
and I'm Terry Mason.
No.
And now, I'm dead.
So take it from me.
Get the habit, and you won't wind up like I did.
Don't smoke, and you'll never die.
Ever!
This message paid for by the Billet and Dan Pazsmoking Committee for immortality.
Dammit.
Hey!
Anybody got a light?
10.45 at 5.60,
WDQM Hank is back today at 2 o'clock.
He's back from his extended vacation.
Which depot seems to be quite observant, by the way.
I don't know what depots all of sticking is,
but he knows that Hank's vacation for quite a lot.
I mean, more power to him if he can get 48 weeks off a year.
Why the hell not?
Get whatever you can get, man.
Grab it.
That beehive, man.
He's a little bit out of control lately.
A little dog, he's what he is.
You know, an ex-jocke with a big head.
And Geldy turns out to see,
when you're wrong, you're wrong.
You're a goat this time.
I was totally out of wrong side about that show.
I thought that Geldy with that squeaky voice, you know.
He was the a chigger in the wood pile.
Turns out he's the only one of that entire show that's...
He's about to told him it together.
He's the anchor.
That's right.
He's the human anchor on that show because that beehive, man.
Man.
Comes to me in the hallway this morning and says,
Hey, I see your buddy, Joseph Gackie's got that...
The colored job on a football, huh?
You're your buddy.
And I said,
Joseph Gackie sucks.
Joseph Gackie sucks.
Joseph Gackie sucks.
And then he said,
Uh-huh.
Yeah, you're right.
I think I will do an hour on that today.
The fact.
And you see, here's one thing.
I want you to understand right now.
Finally, Greg Reed.
Let's give him a little bit of credit.
Should we give him some credit?
No.
Well, let's do it anyway.
He has the opportunity once to hire the play by play guy for all these stupid sports things we got on the station,
which is breaking us by the way, break it a bank and causing our sales people to have to work 24 hours a day
to try to sell a bunch of cheap spots on this horse ball play by play garbage.
But nevertheless,
now that we got this hurricane stuff.
So now he finally has the chance to pick the guy and he does the right thing and picks the guy from the University of Massachusetts.
There you go.
Nice going there, Greg.
Because I can guarantee you,
and this is right from the horses,
but that if they would have had the option to pick and to play by play the guy for the new, the new guy for the Panthers,
it wouldn't have been Jigs McDonald.
Would it?
No.
You can take that to the bank.
And Jigs, you're a good guy.
Never stole a freight train.
But God, are you old tired and stale?
I'd rather listen to Ron and Ron do the damn Panther games than God did.
I'd rather listen to Fes Wattley do the damn games than Jigs McDonald.
Because guess what, Jigs?
Your jig is up.
You know what I'm saying?
Man, oh man, old stale tired and fuddy-duty.
Nice guy, great guy, but see, I don't let that.
I don't confuse personal with business.
I would love to be on here saying,
man, this guy is dynamite.
But again, did we have the chance to pick an act?
No.
Bill Torrey in the Panther organization,
where there's a chigger under Ervy Wood pile,
they're the ones who picked that wood.
That incestuous thing that they've got going on.
Just like Dean Jordan brought his buddies, Christine, and Morin here, and Bill Zimper.
Not a want to mention any other names, because it'll said George Off.
You know what I'm saying?
But you know who I'm talking about.
Not a good, close personal best friend that was brought in here by his good buddy, Dean Jordan.
And then as soon as Dean left the course, we all turned on him.
And rightfully so, with a crappy suit, with that olive-bringle suit.
Did you ever see that man, Dean Jordan?
You know, like Chris Moore, now you've seen him, right?
Did you ever see him on the other side?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You know how people have like certain body language?
And Chris Moore, he wouldn't walk up and down the stairs at the old arena.
He would like, from his way up and down.
And the body language of a real born loser.
Well, he was like Hercules compared to Dean Jordan.
He just kind of waddled around with a tasty, a pazely, oh, God.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello?
Oh, God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man, there's nobody to compare you to.
We're not comparing me.
We're talking about the Great Run and Run this morning, and the weekend's good.
We're still very very old Ron and Ron shows.
They weren't so bad, I mean, they were tolerable, but...
Well, see, we never had the Ron and Ron show here on the IOD because the D.S.
The Wimped Up, they had it originally way back in the beginning.
Okay, great.
He said they had a lot of, which is all we need because they will get another 20,000 from the FCC, okay?
You can't say crap on it.
They're just because he listened to Ron and Ron even though it fits in with their show.
In fact, remember the day that they came in on IOD when they were moving down?
We're going to be supposedly going to be moving the show down.
I'm trying to remember, what was the show was already on here in the morning, right?
Wasn't it?
Previously.
No, no, I'm talking about when we first went to Paxon.
Were they on right off the bat or not?
No.
No, what was on?
Rick and Sudds were still in the morning?
I forget it.
Yeah, I guess so.
Rick and Sbud were still in the morning.
I can't remember.
No, they, I guess, they were.
We're in the time warp.
We can't remember.
Either one of us.
But anyway, to make a long story short, before they were going to come down and do their show on the station here in Miami,
they were moving their operation down here, but no, they weren't in the morning, right?
Right.
And they came to town with Tommy Kramer, the vaulted a geek who didn't do drugs in the 60s or 70s.
And they came in at the end.
So they're standing in a control room and I said, hey, bring the guys in here, okay?
Because I want to give them a little send-off, you know?
We're going to be on the same operating out of the same building.
I'm trying to give them a little publicity there.
And so they come in and sit down.
I bettington, he was okay.
He was a little bit of a sense of humor.
Didn't take himself quite so seriously.
But the, as the, would the cigar store, wouldn't Indian.
I have never seen any, any walks in.
And the first thing he, he tells people after he walks out, I've never seen such a soft man in my life, meaning me.
Well, how does he know whether I was, and I guarantee if I'd have been hard before I came in,
after looking at him, I got soft in about two seconds.
You know what I'm saying?
A skin texture and light like burned leather.
Is that a good way to describe the way this man looks?
Sure, burnt leather.
And his wooden is a cigar store Indian.
And I'm sitting there, I'm trying to loosen him up a little bit, have a little bit of fun with these guys, okay?
And his expression was as wooden as the totem pole that he was born on.
Never changed in Iota, the one that went out and didn't bother coming down and disappeared.
It's Arnondo.
And I made the comment, and I said, well, you know, I'll tell you one thing.
I said, you know, and I made a bad mistake.
I said, you know, anybody ever told you sound exactly like Howard, because his voice, really, if you had the two of Montside by side,
you couldn't tell him apart, his voice, I'm not saying he was Howard or in any way she had performed,
but nevertheless, they were in the lesbians and sloths.
And as soon as I mentioned Howard's name, this look came over to me,
I think that's what set him over the edge.
That's why he went out and didn't bother coming down.
Remember that?
And that was meant as a compliment.
That wasn't a knock, it wasn't a comparison.
All I said was that his voice sounded just like Howard.
And just as the mere mention of Howard's like, I'd like to both wanted to get up and run out of the room and cry and say,
ah, Howard, who's that?
You know, the guy that chased you off the market in the first place, assholes, that's who it is.
Don't forget the best part.
Tommy Kramer's lying down in the hallway.
I don't want to say it was my good buddy Wayne that overheard the hallway down there.
Is he still working there, by the way?
Yes.
Oh, like I said, I wasn't Wayne with somebody else.
But anyway, so they walked out of there after like our 10 or 15 minute bit,
I'm trying to introduce them, I'm loosening them up a little bit.
And you know, I had done what did I say?
All I did was, I don't know what I said, just having a little fun with them.
Took a couple of shots, you know, a little, which is the way having no fun.
Yeah, a lot of love pap here and there.
And they walk out the door in the hallway and this little, uh, Wim Tommy Kramer,
who served no useful purpose at all, another old burnout, who looked like sunny fox in about 20 years.
Oh, I've never seen it.
What was it, you remember the exact quote?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, when you would.
I've, because you're a bitter piece of crap, yes, and I've never seen a man put a grenade in his mouth and pulled a pin.
Right.
How do you like that?
Is if I was the one that was self destructing, amazing enough, I was the one that get paid off seven months not to work
and had a nice seven month busman holiday thanks to buddy, what Paxton,
and came here for a hell of a lot more money than I was making there.
And they're the ones who like, how's that show doing? Are they on the ear here?
Oh, no.
Tommy Kramer, another man whose existence we, uh, questioned the reason for.
What was he?
The talent coach.
The talent coach.
How do you like that?
The talent freaking coach.
How can you coach Ron and Ron and call yourself a talent coach?
Isn't that an oxy moron?
Huh.
Don't you have to have talent before you can coach it? Isn't that the deal?
God.
And man, you watch because they're the same whims, the same kind of whims is Ron Diaz.
They won't call me. They called you off the ear to take your umberage with my comments about Ron and Ron.
They sucked, okay? They're show sucked.
They're rating sucked.
Everything about them sucked.
The guy them, uh, vending to with his damn dreadlock sucked.
And Diaz with his lack of a sense of humor.
And then the guy, the, uh, Billy guy that you brought in, they brought in the youth, that was a good guy.
I didn't hear that part.
What?
He was doing it all the time.
He had a kid that got challenged in Rome and he used to call his kid a gimp on you all the time.
I got a pretty good sense of humor, okay?
But how do you like that when a kid gets to be about 10 or 11 years old?
And the kids in school are saying, hey, uh, Joey, how come your dad's always calling you a gimp on you?
And then your kid goes, like that, you know, what's he going to say?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
You had to be there, I guess.
Here's the mobile in Miami, hello.
New guy.
Yes, sir.
You're one sensitive individual.
I'm sensitive?
I'm just kidding.
Um, I'm sensitive.
I'm a huge deal with that.
Also a big run in Ron fans.
Oh, here we go.
Alright, let's hear it.
Oh, God bless you, sir, for having some balls, which most people in this town don't have any.
Not a problem.
I heard that Bennington and Fether on the Crow, I guess, up in Daytona.
They're on the Crow?
Yeah, they're for the birds.
Yeah, exactly.
But God, she used to go see Ron Bennington and Uncle Funny's when they were down here.
Oh, Uncle Funny's.
There's another one of those great places where people like Chris Baker used to hang out.
Exactly.
But on the stage, you know, in the state of comedy is in on, is he good?
Always hysterical.
Yeah.
He's just a real, an absolute riot.
They tried to fend off for a little song or something, that was pretty pathetic.
But Ron Bennington, he basically was the anchor of that show.
I didn't think that needed anything else.
And I, in fact, there was a little crossover where you and he, Chad, had to, like, between shows or something.
And I really enjoy that.
That's one thing God.
Yeah, he was okay.
He, at least, like I said, didn't take himself too seriously.
And had a sense of humor.
But Diaz was such a hard ass man, or something wrong with that guy.
Great, great.
Well, you know, I guess it was kind of a good cop bad guy.
Talk about taking yourself too seriously.
Funny cop in the stone...
Yeah.
So Garster Indian.
Exactly.
Did you ever see Diaz?
I not.
I'm telling you, man, this guy, his complexion, if you took an old baseball glove and you set it on a firewood stock for about six weeks, that's what his skin looked like.
You've played it pretty vividly.
Talk about a burnout.
No doubt.
Keep up the good work.
Can I call somebody you do today?
Yes, sir. Go right ahead.
On Parker Ure, a tone, a tone or so on douchebag.
Alright, congratulations, Parlon.
Being the one guy in the audience with some balls.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
Yeah, you shut up already, will you?
Here's my best close personal friend who George hates like poison, by the way.
1056 at 560 WQM.
He won't think about it.
I'm the only one here that's a good guy that likes everybody.
There's other people George and Joe.
They hate everyone, you know?
You imagine any name, and they say...
He's an asshole.
No matter if people out of the phone book, you can just read the name.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, because they're just hard asses.
And we got mad, though, baby.
WQM.
Oh, hi.
I'm dispensing with what I was ever going to play right there, because leave it to JP.
He's made up for $7 worth of the 20 I paid for those lunches.
He's scanned from bread.
It looks at the schedule over here.
We're trying to ever look at that thing because that would dignify enough existence looking at that stupid schedule.
Now seriously, first day, see ordinarily, I would say, am!
We both, we all would say that.
But on the one, I think it's a conspiracy.
I think John Henry's in bed with Goddamn.
My mayor penis is what I'm sorry.
Mayor, whatever's name is.
Can't say, ping-ga, that's better.
There you go.
Another five playing on the toilet.
Keep that cash register going with the FF Federal censorship permission.
The marlins are playing in Philadelphia in a pregame on Thursdays at 12.30.
That's election day.
I smell a chigger in this wood pile.
I'll tell you that right now.
That was probably a game originally scheduled for 7.30 a night.
Why would they in the middle of the goddamn heat of the summer when they're having this enormous heat wave all across the country?
Oh yeah, do you know that it was 88 in Atlanta?
That's how boring things are now.
There's so little going on.
They finally have missed John John's body for every drop of blood that can get out of the ashes.
And so now, oh, it's a heat wave.
It's the 27th of July at hot.
Wow!
It's in the 90s some places.
Wow!
Isn't that something?
It was like 102 in Vegas.
Wow, it's usually like 115 at this time of year in Vegas.
And they're making a big difference.
It's 102.
You people in the media, good luck to you.
Okay, you'll need it.
But why would they on the 29th of July out of nowhere play an afternoon game in Philadelphia?
Huh?
Yeah.
To get that faggot off the year an hour and a half early so that we can't get everybody,
I'm going to tell you we may have to start the show early on Thursday and boot that morning show off at an hour and a half ahead of time.
Which of course means all I'll have to do through.
It will even have to come in Thursday because in order to do that,
they'll have to just play all spots nonstop for the first two and a half hours.
Yeah, 6 to 8.30 in the morning.
It's all spots radio Thursday on the worst team.
Might be an improvement over some of that crap that B-Fos been pouring out.
Some of that corn ball garbage.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
Now I bet.
Yeah, we might have to come in 8.30 but the problem being, I mean like 12.30 to 2.
That's when a lot of people are off the lunch hour.
That's a good time to go vote on Thursday.
Two or three times.
And vote.
No, no, no.
Over and over again.
Oh, so anyway, that damn Robert Steinbox, fine but whatever his name is in the heralds.
Oh, yeah.
And now I understand why the brothers out there in the sisters and the mothers are getting this yes bandwagon.
Because they're so called leaders.
The uncle Tom's in their midst like Willie Logan who never met a Republican he didn't like.
A right-wing fascist he didn't like.
They're the ones to conning them into this crap about all how great it's going to be.
Don't get sucked in man.
Let me tell you right now.
Do not get sucked in by the uncle Tom's and believe there's going to be all these jobs.
And how wonderful this is going to be.
It was a disaster for you.
The first time they did it 20 years ago.
It's going to be a bigger disaster now.
Don't get sucked in.
All you dark, complex folks.
A bunch of bullcrack just read Cargis, the Carl Heissens column in the Sunday's paper in the herald.
Just keep reading it over and over again or have somebody read it to you.
But the idea that we're only going to be on here for like a half a show on Thursday on election day.
I'd say it's a communist frickin plot is what I say.
Who set that up?
Stupid idiot.
Yeah, who the hell was that?
Now we really hate the Marlins, okay?
See, this is their way of paying back.
This is payback now because I've been telling you what a crap organization it is and how they've been screwing the fans.
And that's why only about seven or eight thousand people are really showing up for those games.
And the reason by the way is about seven or eight thousand people because that happens to be the number of season tickets they had this year.
And so that's the minimum number of people that would probably show up anyways about eight or nine thousand because those people already paid for their tickets.
And being cheap like most of the people that are here are anyway, they're going to show up come hell or high water.
Oh, we already bought the tickets.
We don't really care about making a statement because you know, we don't, we already paid.
Might you tell me why you're money back just like we hear at QA and did not that we can talk about those things on here.
Those lawsuits can't wait.
Oh, but nevertheless we said we want to rebate and they said no.
And that's why we got lawsuits flying back and forth with the Marlins because they're a little league team.
They're a minor league team.
And Thursday they're going to preempt the last hour and a half of the show.
This is unacceptable as what it is.
I say push that game back out of fairness.
Is there any fairness in the society? No.
Just like Pete Rosell proved back in the days after JFK was killed since everybody's talking about that these days.
The only sporting event that went on that weekend was the National Freaking Football League.
Everybody else postponed.
They canceled whatever.
No other sporting event. The National Hockey League.
Everybody else said, okay, we won't play out a respect for the dead president.
But the National Football League bigger of course than politics.
Bigger than life itself. They had to go on.
So we know damn well that something like Major League Baseball and that boring Bud Sealing that piece of crap.
They're not going to move this game back because they're infringing on the most important radio show of my life this Thursday.
Wouldn't you know it wouldn't you just know it that we get screwed?
How we take it right deep inside.
There's another five grand.
Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Hi Neil, how you doing? I'm depressed.
I got you man. Wow.
Well I'm in Fort Myers man. How do you think I feel?
Oh yeah. Suicide.
Hey, about four years.
I feel better.
You're there and I'm not.
Hey, about four years ago Ron and Ron started on the air right in Fort Myers.
They had a whole ton of hype and they went down like the Hindenburg.
Really? What's going on?
Even in Fort Myers they went in the toilet?
Well, big time. Yeah.
Were they ever any good times? I was new a few times.
No. No.
No. I never. I mean I didn't listen to that much when they were on Zeta but when they were...
I was following them in IOD all I can tell you was deadly.
It was like following four hours of dead air.
It was even worse than following the first team.
Oh and that's quite a statement. That's a real kind of nation.
Okay, I'll come over there with dead person's ID and vote no on Thursday.
Okay, thank you. You got to bring a whole bus load.
You got it. Thank you.
And by the way Norman Graeme and we're going to try to work a deal out with him.
Not only are we going to give you $700 for every no vote but a free car with every no vote too.
Okay. We're not talking about any other like a free limo with every no vote.
We want to do it upright.
Okay, we got 600 open lines here.
567-0560, 05-560 on the AT.
See when the important stuff comes along.
That's when the lines go dead. The important stuff like this Marlin game on Thursday.
Like us getting preemptive for an hour and a half so we can't do the most effective job
and we have the greatest impact because all it's going to take.
I know it sounds corny. It always sounds corny about why you know just a couple of votes one way or the other.
But in this particular case based on that last poll where it was too close to call really 46 and 45%.
It's the frickin truth especially when you know they're going to rig as many votes as dead people as they can anyway.
So it's imperative that we get as many people out there to vote no emphatically on Thursday.
To avoid this.
And let me say it again just in case you don't get the message.
Once they impose a sales tax, I mean you know the local option gas tax very few kinds of taxes get ruled back.
That was one of them.
But once they increase the sales taxes, they're never going to go away.
No, never.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
That's a crocker shot.
You know I can't believe they would do that.
And also not just happened right? Just pop up.
Absolutely. They're playing a 12 a 1 o'clock game on a Thursday in the middle of the summer.
It's about a 110 in the shade and full to help you.
Yeah, that's ridiculous. I mean they're already complaining.
They're in an open-air stadium nullesse.
And you know they complain about how hot it is, is whether they want to schedule the games at night.
And then all of a sudden now there's a game this time.
What did they schedule the election for that day?
We don't think that might have been it too. They might have said let's take a look at the schedule.
And let's have it on that Thursday because that loud mouth fags on here.
he's the only one that's going to prevent us from putting this thing over. Let's make
sure he's only on the air a short time that day.
You know my father and mother came down here back in the 40s and they lived in Miami and
best they never did was move to Broward County like 25 years ago.
Thank God for that.
I got out of it.
Hey Neil, I travel a lot throughout the state of driver tractor trailer and I listen to
you. I was practically, I've listened to you all my life. But Bennington, not Bennington,
the wooden statue.
He has, yeah.
He's on in Tampa on Thunder 105.
One's on the crow and the other one's on Thunder.
Yeah. He's over there in Tampa on some classic rock station.
And I'm flipping around and it still sounds so morbid.
So morbid is the word. He has a morbid sound. I got Bennington at least with that little
trophy. At least he puts a little bit of humor into it. But the ice is morbid is right.
And I also have friends that just like would die for those people. I mean they just thought
they were the best.
They think that was good about their act was entertaining.
I have no idea. I mean I like terminic being when they were here. I mean I don't know
what Ben says about me. But yeah.
I thought you were the one.
You're the one.
I say you're the one.
Yeah, I'm the one.
And in closing, Wayne your douchebag.
Okay, thanks Bill.
Thanks.
Okay, Ted Pastel and by the way, Hermnick McBean who of course then became
American suds. Nobody repulses you more.
And now Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC. Dr. Burnham.
A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly also known as a f**kster. Always talking about what
he wants just fit in and broke ass. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want
to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere. No, I don't want none of your
time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me.
Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride, trying to holla at me. No scrub.
No scrub. No, no. No scrub. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Okay, love and f**king, this is no lasting matter. I've seen it there right now. And of course
I look at the schedule Friday to see what would be the reason they would play a Thursday
afternoon game in Philadelphia. Maybe Friday to fly out to the West Coast to play the Giants
of the Algiers and like, now I've Friday to play in so far away from Philadelphia all the
way over there in Pittsburgh. They could walk from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh in about
two hours. You know what I'm saying? They could hop in their limousines and drive over
there from Philadelphia to the West part of Pennsylvania to Pittsburgh. So it's not like
there's any special reason why we got a day game on Thursday. I'd say congressional
investigation into this is what we ought to have. Very bizarre. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound
5, 60. Every time we go into commercial break on this show, we have 7, 8, 2500 calls
waiting on the board and almost all of them disappear. As soon as they hear the hint
of a spot, they're all vanished. Because the listeners of this radio station are being
conditioned with the 9 and 12 and 13 minute breaks on the other shows, which we don't
have on this show, by the way, but nevertheless the people are conditioned to that. So they
just panic. They drop the phone and they scream out into the streets running and carrying
on like maniacs. Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. New York. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Listen,
first of all, no, no, no freaking no. No. And second, it's my birthday. So you can just
like, give me the phone. Just once. No. Okay. Well, thank you so much. Thank you so
much, Neil. Don't forget to swap to Detroit. Okay. Happy pal. Get out of here. 5, 6, 7,
05 60. Let's hear it for Ron and Ron. Come on. Let's hear it for Ron and Ron. No. All
their fan out there who are bunch of cowards. We had the one guy that and he wasn't, he didn't
sound like an enthusiastic supporter of the X-May sounded pretty lukewarm at best and almost
hostile at the face value. 5, 6, 7, 05 60. What about sunny Fox? Any sunny Fox call? And
of course, the reason for that being that the crap kickers out there, listen to that garbage
he's playing on kiss. They don't listen to talk radio. They don't listen to this stuff.
They're all in their pickup trucks out there. They don't pick up AM anyway. Where's
it the other way around? Whoever heard of a pickup truck that doesn't have an AM radio.
I know somebody that I don't want to mention Norm Kent that has a new car that doesn't
have an AM radio. How do you like that? So in my attorney doesn't know about the FCC proposed
fine. And when this company's local attorney also doesn't know about it, what does that
tell you? Okay. Because Greg Reed don't have time to worry about unimportant things like
that about a potential $35 forfeiture to the federal government when he's got to worry
about the name QIAM picking the new voice of the Heracones. There you go. That's the
important stuff. And by the way, Joe Costello also, not only do you say that sunny Fox is
an asshole, I said, what about that Joe Zagaki? He's an asshole. He said, hates him like
poison. In fact, we gave Joe Costello. We gave him a cheering standing and sitting ovation
because when I was on vacation, the rumor was, because Hank and I were both on vacation
at same week. Remember, I want to thanks to the vacations. And actually one day I come
back and I find out that on one of those shows, who filled in the other days, Mandage? Oh,
thank God for that, right? Yeah. Oh, thank God. America's greatest X-Jock sportscaster.
I want to go on record to say that right now. America's greatest talk X-Jock, uh,
Jim Mandage. Yeah. But anyway, I guess he couldn't work on Wednesday. And so who fills
in? Oh, my God. So Joe Costello was evidently running around the building doing his Joe Zagaki.
I have no personality imitation doing a great job of understanding. Really all you got to do
is like get a dumb look on your face, stretch your lips apart. The light that goes like that.
And that's Josie, you know, I mean, how can a man with no personality be the color man? Isn't
that an oxy moron? What's that? Is the color man on the football? But thank God. I hope that they
finalized this thing with this Mark van der Mir because I haven't heard him yet. But I understand
this guy is dynamite. And it's about time we had like a real sportscaster doing sports in this town.
As opposed to having well shouldn't have said that because now you're best close personal friend.
Well, setting him aside, I don't pass any evaluations on him because I need those free hockey tickets
badly. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, you know, how you doing? Pretty good, sir.
You got a great show, man. I guess I didn't see you pretty much. I'm on the road all the time.
All right. But yeah, I saw a conspiracy with you on that Thursday. What America is going to put the
game out on 12 in the middle right? Yeah, there's no. There's no.
The officer we haven't had a day Marlon game since before Abe Lincoln was an infant. Okay, it's been
much since the Marlon's played a day game. And all of a sudden just coincidentally here out of nowhere,
we get a day game on election day in Dave County. Well, that's that's the Mr. Alex here for you.
I say let's bring back Jack Webb and have an investigation.
All right, yeah, I'm going to go out on Thursday. I want to make a thousand notes.
No, no, no. Excellent. Keep it up, pal.
No. No, Mr. Alex.
I'm going to help and tell him the nose nose. Okay. See ya.
5 6 7 0 5 60 this is really, I'm serious. I'm not one of those conspiratorial minded people.
I might not. I'm looking for a cheger under every wood pile, looking for a trial
editorial commission member in every office. And by the way, I say Jesse the body for
president right now.
Well, step aside, baby.
Time to move the big man in from Minnesota.
He's my kind of guy.
And then they give him a bunch, you know,
it was great because they hit him on,
I think, with MSNBC during my desperate channel surfing
last night, and Brian Williams, who's one of the most
insipid boring people who asked the most stupid questions.
He has them on there.
And they showed a clip of when Jesse was doing the WWF thing.
He had the big Elton John shades on
and the whole thing around the neck.
And he says, I hate to break the news to you, Brian,
but actually the voters of Minnesota,
they took a poll after I did that thing.
And I had a 73% approval rating,
which is the highest in the history of Minnesota
since they've been taking these polls.
How do you like that?
And then he finally gave that camera a look and said,
hey, Brian, hop on this poll.
Oh, can't say that.
There's another five grand, another five grand.
How about if you're Polish, can you say Poland?
No.
No.
How about that Rekwalensa?
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, hello.
Hey, how you doing, you all?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, man, you're right.
I like you.
I like your take on these.
So, see, okay, I want to tell you something.
You add holes up there at the FCC.
This is the way real people talk.
And I got to keep bleeping these people
and cutting them off because he said,
bull, okay, that you don't want to hear it.
That's the way real people's be talking.
Okay, you jackasses, you handle repetitive morons up there
at the FCC.
You see, one with anybody with a brain
wouldn't think that any of the stuff would even be going down
anymore with these idiotic fun
because you think that there'd be a natural evolutionary process
now all these years later after George Carl and W.B.A.I.
and the Pacifica thing out there in the West Coast,
we've got all these years, it's almost the 21st century
and you think that anybody with a brain would realize
that there's a natural evolution just like it used to be years ago
and Jack Parr was on the lead show.
You couldn't say water closet on TV.
Now they're doing diarrhea and constipation spots
and toilet paper spots and Mr. Wipple squeezing it.
Okay, and the toilet tissue too.
So you think that maybe we'd lighten up a little bit
with this crap but oh no, not the federal government
because they got to protect the children out there
from all these words like uterus.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
Yeah.
And penis.
5,670, 560, prompt 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I asked George about Joseph Gackie.
He said, he's an asshole.
Yeah.
And don't tell that story again, the one that he told me 500 times.
You're getting what I would tell you.
Oh, about who, Joe?
About OK.
Oh, a wrong button.
Thank you.
So you're going to monitor today.
Yeah, I'm going to rummage to your garbage.
Okay, God only knows what I'd find in there.
I don't want to know.
Here's Carl Spring.
Hello.
Hi, Dale.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry, I didn't bring this to your attention yesterday
but on page one of the Sun Sentinel.
Yes, sir.
They had an article about Joe Carrillo.
Yeah, I saw it.
I referred to it when he said about all the corruption.
The only thing wrong that keeps this from being a world class city
is all the corruption in government.
And I said, without my corruption, he's talking about how can you trust the politicians
to give them another penny sales tax?
Well, did you read on the back page where the follow-up you know was
that Joe Carrillo.
Yeah.
Carrillo.
Carrillo.
Carrillo.
Was in Chicago at the youth?
Yeah.
And young Joe went to a Catholic school.
I was mayor Richard Daly's favorite altar boy.
He revolved back in the church.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
And as for your being...
Maybe that's where he learned the genius lecture.
I'm telling you.
And as for your being preempted on Thursday?
Yeah.
What happened when the Marlins and the Panthers were on at the same time?
Yeah.
Let him put it over there on Waxie, 790.
That's right.
There you go.
Put that stupid ball game over there.
Let's take a vote.
Everybody that wants to put the Marlins game on Waxie on Thursday.
Let's say, hear from him.
I agree.
Because this is an important public service that I'm going to do here on Thursday.
I'm going to puke my guts out.
Just try to get people off their ass to vote no on it.
And protect the...
Even though I live in Broward County and it makes no difference to me.
And I don't give a crap about those tools.
Because other than going to the airport, I don't even have to go that way anyway.
I can go up to God.
They made 36 in the ball.
It has no impact on my life.
But I've seen that people here get screwed over and over again by a bunch of corrupt lying politicians.
I saw Merit Steerheim do it 20 years ago and now they're trying to do it again.
And I don't want to see it happen again.
And everybody that lives in Broward County that has a relative in Dave County.
Get on the phone and roll them up.
No.
Just keep hollering into the phone.
No.
No.
Right.
Tell Dana.
No.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
Just say.
Hoof ball game, 1230 on Thursday, huh?
I say we call up the FBI.
Let's get that gay Edgar Hoover in here right away before it's too late.
Call up Jack Webb.
All these dead people get him in here.
Call up Shiloh Comes.
Get these bastards in here.
We need Columbo in here to keep his eye on it.
We need a major goddamn investigation because we've got corruption as running rampant here.
We had a call yesterday.
If you missed the show, woman calls in right off the bat about how somebody is already in out there.
I told him that they're going to be able to pay a 30 bucks for a yesboat.
Now again, I can't verify that.
But she didn't sound like some kind of a quack.
She sounded like some reasonable human being who didn't have any ask to grind.
Oh, there you go.
Another five grand.
Can't say grind.
How about bumping grind?
Can you say that?
No.
You people that think you live in a free country.
No more friction dancing.
No more virginity and adult clubs in the Browards against the law to have a turgid package.
Wait till a turgid police come along and start squeezing your box.
Oh, there's another five grand.
Yeah, to see if you're a who's naughty and nice.
See that you anticipate going into a break and they're already popping off there.
Pop this.
Okay.
What is watching that good?
It's great.
Oh, the mall and
on the sea.
Cause Wayne has a bigger
believe me when I tell you
now that they've fought team really.
I feel sorry for Jim Leeland.
Every time it's layered on a joke.
Believe me when I tell you
now that they've fought team in the joke.
Okay.
Wayne has a bigger
be in the nature at home.
And you know everything good thing you said is a lie.
Wayne has a bigger
be when it comes to payroll.
And it's just a winning
just guy
I
I
I
say to you
I
I
walk
with a dog
Believe me when I tell you
they'll have to find another
Oh yeah.
My friends, John,
they're like what facts me something in the
copy of the facts is really bad if you fact
me the first page again so I can get all the
load on.
Wes Palmman admits sex abuse while Tennessee
priest.
Police can't charge the county health department
worker because the molestations are a decade old.
The kids weren't very old but the charges are.
A decade ago this is Frank Richards.
Two national police detectives came to the
tiny pink bungalow in Flamingo Park in February,
burying dark burdens for him.
We've got some horror stories they told him.
As they resurrected his life in his bus
Palm Beach living room.
A decade ago he was known as
father Frank Richards, a Catholic priest in
Nashville, the rose in the church to begin principal at
Knoxville High School.
During the three hour interview, Rogers told the
horrible stories and then it's all blooded out of
these facts machines suck.
But in between the lines, Roger Richards sexually
molested dozens of underage boys entrusted to his
care.
He was a pedophile priest.
How do you like that?
Another one of those isolated incidents about
people fact in the church.
A pedophile priest getting those altar boys on their
knees or is it the other way around?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T
Rhineless Line.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello?
I was waiting to see what kind of a tasteless I knew you
do it.
I knew you could do it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T
Rhineless Line.
What do you expect from Naples anyway?
Probably the Beasleys.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, I do.
I'm going to be doing it today.
Okay, sir.
I see the Metro-Dade bus drivers are passing out
pamphlets on their buses endorsing the
self-past.
Of course, what do you expect?
What do you expect?
They're paid lackeys in the establishment.
What do you think they're going to do?
Amazing they have time to do that, but I guess I'd be
doing it to if it ensured me my cross-delivnger
raise, right?
Yeah, there you go.
Also, too, it's going to increase the size of the
union.
Yeah.
So just how you might...
Maybe somebody could factually have pamphlet
one of those.
No, no, I'll pass.
Okay, I've seen enough propaganda to last the
lifetime, sir.
Oh, I need our two very easy letters.
No.
Inno.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay, we got 1,600 open lines now.
5,6705,60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello?
Yeah, Dale.
I was looking into the reform party, but when Jesse
Ventoro was trying to say he's going to want to recruit
Lowell Wiker for a chance at the presidency, I got a
phone with Tyler Bill Bradley.
Well, what do you mean you're going with him?
What would that mean?
He's not going anywhere.
You don't think he has got in the middle?
No, he has no chance.
He's got some money, though.
Let me say it again.
He has no chance.
None, zero.
How about you, dude?
How about just to get the Democratic nation to get the
Democratic...
That's what I'm talking about, you know?
No chance.
None, zero.
Read my lips.
None.
Oh, you upset me now.
Well, I'm just telling you the way it is.
He has no chance.
Why do you think?
Because they take you to a liberal?
He's just...
What does he stand for?
He's a pseudo intellectual who stands for nothing,
who was once a basketball player.
He may be a very bright guy, but he's extraordinarily
an artichael.
He even makes Al Gore look exciting.
And I'm going to tell you that's all we would need is, you know, having people...
This will be the dirtst w of Bush, Al Gore, and Lowell Wiker.
You talk about a snoozer, man.
Three people collectively with a personality of Joseph Gackie.
I just want to know why George Bush's son is the tremendous frontrunner,
and he's probably a school player in vouchers.
Couldn't possibly be because of that name, you think?
And have a great day.
This guy's on the Bill Bradley.
I think he's called me before with this Bill Bradley stuff.
Get with it.
Bill Bradley's got no chance, okay?
In addition to Wiker, we have an ad election now?
No.
We're two days away from a very important thing.
See, this is the problem that most people is.
All they care about is presidential elections.
That's all they care about.
Which the next one last time I checked is almost a year and a half still away.
And in the meantime, the stuff that really affects your life the most,
which is what's going on right here in this town in the States,
that's like, eh, they don't care about those things.
Which is why you got what you've got.
A pilot craft.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hey, Neil. I'm following you.
I thought...
No, I'm...
Zugner.
Did you hear about that alligator story in Miami Beach?
No.
Well, this trainer, they were going to do a shoot on Miami Beach,
and they were using his alligator that they got in somebody's backyard.
And it was all over the news yesterday that this alligator fits the trainer.
Now, this thing was tied up in the back with trot with Tabar on this mouth and the whole thing.
Can't reach that gator meat.
Yeah.
I'll tell you what.
What they didn't tell was that this trainer was playing around with his teasing this alligator for quite a while.
So, of course, when the alligator got the first chance to get loose from the tape,
it bit him in the leg.
But they're going to put this alligator because now they call it a pass.
They're going to put it out of their misery.
Yeah.
And I think that's totally unright.
That's not right.
Well, in some other words, you're concerned because they're going to put an alligator to sleep.
Is that what you're concerned about?
No.
Is that the kind of thing that disturbs you because they're going to put away an alligator?
Yeah.
Because it did something right.
Should've bit his whole leg off.
Now you're talking.
That's right.
Thank you.
Okay.
Woo!
This guy's worried because they're going to put an alligator to sleep.
Call up Carl Heiss and okay, I'm sure he'll write about at least a whole column on it.
Maybe a whole week's worth on it.
Because he wrote his one good column for this six month period on Sunday.
So he'll be writing a bunch of Manatee and Geter columns again.
Yeah.
Hug the Everglades.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
then at 6 o'clock we talk in baseball with Donty B again who's got his 53rd birthday thing on
today, can grant me birthday to you Donnie, 55 years old today, he'll be on for a whole hour
from 6 to 7 o'clock. That should be pretty entertaining. Pre-game at 7 o'clock in another
night game Lucky at expected this time, if it'll allow for you tonight 7, 30 tomorrow
on in the Phillies, a night game, Lucky at the expect in the dog days of summer when it's
120 degrees in the shade of the daytime
you know what i'm saying
you want to create the thing in your mouth i got one right here my hand
now i can't light it of course because this is a
non-smoking environment
we don't want to offend anybody in the building who gets very upset by cigar
smoke
yes
frothy mad
gory is the boringest person that you'll ever view
we can't take him anymore
no one's for borings and vice president albor
no sign of patience
depression is he lies
if you stuck with him then one hour seems like fire
yes
the story is the boringest person that you'll ever view
the story is the boringest person goes for to pursue
only one's more word than him but not be young
but he'll come to life for Asian guys with lots of dogs
long and trusted artists
the boringest person that you'll ever view
we have to get to political assertivity
a presidential election of well over your way
the fact is for the guy to call before about the lower wiker what you don't
understand is Jesse Ventura and anybody else realistic in the reform party
realizes they're not going to win the next presidential election
and it can happen for a long time
but if they're going to want to candidate on a national level
it's got to be somebody who's got name recognition number one
who's got some credibility number two
number three who's not an extremist either way
and so they can at least make a good showing
he doesn't believe that the lower wiker is going to win the election
of course he's not
it'll be the election after that when Jesse himself runs
out devil all over him
you'll see mark my words mark it down right now like Wayne said like Baldi said
you can mark it down right now
July 27 1999
Fatsawana Radio told us Jesse Ventura will be present in this country
some day soon
not just because he was an ex-wrestler
not just because he's like an unorthodox and got a big mouth
but because he stands for the good stuff
like letting people live their lives
like letting maybe you grow like a 30 or 40 plants in your backyard
that's one of those things
all of the way to the church
yes separation of freaking church in state
so that all you religious nuts out there
all of these things are going to be out of business
out of business oh by the way speaking of that
more good news okay another setback
abortion law on minors ruled invalid
or is that invalid
from talent
have you ever wondered how come invalid and invalid are spelled the same way
have you ever wondered that?
no
we'll start wondering about it
Florida cannot require that a girls parents be notified before a doctor
performs an abortion
a circuit judge in Leon County ruled Monday
Florida write to life called Mondays in juxtapher a temporary setback
and a state will appeal the ruling
well too bad
too bad because they're going to continue losing
because it says it's the fourth time in 12 years
that state and federal courts have barred Florida
from limiting access to abortions
judges citing a rare privacy amendment
for the state constitution that protects women against government intrusion
in their lives
and that's what people want
governor Boots
they want all people want protection
protection from government intrusion into our goddamn lives
and into women's uterus
can I say that on the air?
no there's another fine
how do you like that?
uterus I said it again
10 grand
crazy bastards
here's a mobile in Naples
hello
oh and this button just to refuse
I had an explanation for why they played the game in Philly
yes
about 10 years ago the Philly's always played like 100% night games
and I guess a lot of businessmen complained
so what they did about 10 years ago
they tried one businessman special like at 1230
yeah
and they sold out the place
really
so yeah
so now they do about three or four a year
well they sure is how picked a hell of a day to do it
I'll take it that
well it's probably figured out
yeah before the season
sure about it
at the time it sounds good to say it's a conspiracy though
yeah and another thing you were talking about
like a couple weeks ago about
it's a pretty callous thing of them to do is Harry would say
I'm sorry?
I said it sucks but anyway
okay well that's the answer
I said Harry Callus sucks
oh Harry Callus is good
oh he's horrible
yeah even more boring
here by Rumsom and Harry Callus do the Al Gore and Lowell Wiker
a baseball broadcast
where Richie Ashburn said
yeah he died
yeah he was a bad Philly season that killed him
well he's still living near the ballpark
he's like hanging out down there
he never wanted to quit
there was going to fire him and then he died
well anyway
and how much press did he get?
did he get pressed like John John when he died?
you'll bet your sweet ass he didn't
well they had a bad
they made something of it
so he's not like that
he got about five minutes and that was it
yeah Dela and it was another big hero of mine
he said it's gonna be alright
remember Dela and it's on the whiskey
yeah remember that smoky purchase
who was the other guy that knows 50 team
Eddie Robert
how about Eddie Wiker's
remember him he got shot in the motel
yeah it was kind of like they moved
they've been moved
the natural is kind of like
based on that door
Robin Roberts Jim Conradi
Kurt Simmons
Kurt Simmons got a broken tell
he cut his toe off in a one lower accident
right before the 50 series
right and he missed it out for four weeks
and then he
and Richie Ashburn played on that team
Ashburn was the center
and it's in right
Dixisler hits the home run
Dixisler right
it's a home run to beat the Dodgers
and then the Yankee swept the Phillies
fourth grade in the
70s with the catcher
with the semi-disk right
I saw the second game in the series
when Dimaezio hit a run of
silly I was 13 years old
yeah those were the day
and I'll tell you right now
those were the days when Watzball
was a real sport
yeah I used to go to Bill Campbell show
every morning when Saturday
morning yeah I don't know if he
knows the Phillies too
and the year so Gene Hart is dead
and Richie Ashburn's dead
how do you like that
and they both get like about two minutes
you were talking about twins
a little while ago
yeah you should think about three or four
playboys ago they have the Don
triplet in their centerfold
yeah you won't believe it
okay I talking to you
see you
I will grab it
of course some of the people
around here they grab anything
5670560
Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line
oh my god
Dell A-N-S is dead
how do you like that
oh I miss you Ashburn too
and like that thing
Fred Grimrow this morning
which I noticed nobody saw that
about Judge Frank Johnson
I didn't know who to help Frank Johnson was
and I read this article
and about what a great federal judge he was
and how gutsy he was
resisting the racism of George Wallace
and he gets nothing
he gets like an afterthought
like an afterbirth
nothing Zippity Duda
and it says in the last paragraph
of Fred Grimrow's column this morning
in the hairless as John Kennedy
as much as anyone
would have understood the absurdity
of the contrast between page 1
and page 4B
last year Kennedy wrote of the deaths
of two similarly notable figures
how many people remember every detail
of Diana's death he wrote
but virtually nothing
of Mother Teresa
how do you like that
and how many times have I said that
would you like that wrinkled up old
bitch or not
Mother Teresa
she died on the same weekend
like two days after Diana's car crash
two days later
and they slept around there in India
and that whatever they call that thing
what an a rickshaw or something
wasn't Rickshaw therefore too
a human sunny fox with air
and you know you think you have a little bit of respect
you go to India to a foreign country
take that smelly old cap off Rick
won't you
no
damn it
you said that the rickshaw was little ricky
tickey is what he said
was kind of like teetering
they thought they were going to lose the body
like the Ayatollah fell out that time
but nevertheless
months and months about Diana
and books and TV specials
and airy kind of emotional hysteria
because the world is a wash
in celebrity bull crap
that's the problem of the world
like this ricky martin crap
I'm serious
pretty soon they're going to have
they're going to have reports on the
flavors of ricky martin's
farts that's going to be next
yeah I'm telling you
probably MTV will have like a whole half
hour special on that every week
they'll probably preempt the time
green show
which is the visual on television
they'll preempt that with ricky martin's
gas
yeah give them the gas
that's what I say
five six seven
five six
five six
let me say it again for whoever was
called yesterday about ricky martin being
bisexual the only thing I can say that is
yeah
and like I said
let me clarify one thing
he sat across
from some chicken a bus once in his life
not next to her
because he wouldn't even think about sitting next to a
female
he sat across from some young lady on a bus
that's as close as he ever got
having sex with a female
here's Cooper City
hello
okay thank you great and next time
try talking to that thing with a hole center
okay
so we can understand what you're
a mumbling about
pretty weak material and you can't even hear it
five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line
here's a lady in high alia
hello
hey Neil
our first lady of the day
yes
I just turned 18
well not just but
in December
and I haven't gone to vote for anything yet
but when I heard
Thursday
I heard about that
I got so pissed off and fired up
okay
I'm driving my mother down the
on Thursday
and we're both going to vote no no no
a thousand times
alright excellent
alright
and I mean I can't believe it
it's the biggest load of crap since the last
Marlins game
okay
and the biggest load of crap since they had the elephants
at the sunrise musical place
right
and when this bill
you know magically passes
alright
it's gonna be the biggest cover up since the
Bret Hall goal was allowed
that's right
well played
ridiculous
nice going sweetheart
well that's all you okay
early and often
yeah okay
there you go
there's the young lady
18 years old just turned 18
she knows about Bret Hall
she knows about corruption and local politics
she knows that the word is
you know
the word of the day
you know
you know
you're not the negative but
you know
just be positive about being negative this one time
just this one time
okay
is that QUE or CHE
from my Italian friends out there
five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty
on the 18 p wireless line
here's Miami
hello
Neil
yes sir
great
let me ask you a question
who subsidizing these flyers that the book drivers keep handing out
who subsidizing them
your tax dollars at work
no doubt sir
and probably of course all those construction people
that's like the article by Carl Heinesen said
that's why
from mayor penis had no problem coming up with a quick million dollars
to flood the TV stations
with all those ads
because all these construction people are pouring money
to that one side of the campaign
so they can get these
the big jobs to you know make billions off of it
so how come last time I went through a toll
I don't get a flyer through there
well they were
they were giving them through a few weeks ago when they wanted to slow traffic
down real well
they were doing that too
I think I'm losing their jobs just to pass us
who the toll people
yeah they'll just take a couple of months off
they'll start building all the other toll roads
okay
yeah don't worry about that
all right you have a nice thing to do
and back to you just say no pal
oh yeah they've got all the little games that they're playing
trying to manipulate the public
trying to be real cute, real soft
maybe this one time
just this one time they'll discover that the people this town have been screwed
too many times
okay they wouldn't trust them
from here to the goddamn wall
and then it includes you too mayor penis
we remember very very vividly
the way you got in there
the way you sucked your way with that phony lie about Mickey Harrison
and the American Airlines freaking arena
turned around in the minute
you weren't in office long enough to get the goddamn seat warm
and right away all of a sudden I don't know where
hey look at this great deal I just made with Mickey
you split the county to Mickey
that's what you did
you phony little speck
you split the Mickey
might have grown
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
but that's not really impassioned isn't it?
I love the way I said that
but it called
now was he talking about Ricky Martin or the mayor
if you play him
my happy boy Potter day
he is panther type
he's being there fairly quiet
but they're efficient
with a discreet
he brings us all
and they're gonna still take long
for their bedroom walk
and plastered with his face
he makes the choices
and all that teeny bumps
when his pelvis pumps and lies
they're repulsive
short pieces star
but I don't hear what he is
and if you think I'm to tell it's that's okay
he's gonna be starting
on Ricky Ricky Martin
he might just lose a lot of plans
because it's Mickey and Mickey starting
on Ricky Ricky Martin
I'm not telling you
he really loves a man
he's on
his target on Ricky Ricky Martin
I don't care how much that he makes
because it's Mickey and Mickey starting
on Ricky Ricky Martin
I'm not just a performer
he's a star
and he's gonna have a lot
of turnout
and cross-ball
Helms which makes me want to puke. Here's something about Columbia and their stupid war.
Here's something about the education and here's something from that the right wing piece
of crap, William Sapphire. Is Howard Kleinberg's article even in here in my paper?
Oh. So somebody's been have to fax it to me if they got the data edition of the Herald
on page 7a. Because evidently it's about this sales tax because Howard's another one
of us who's been here long enough to remember the first go around. I can't wait to see
it. So thanks Mikey but now I got to wait for a fax. And our fax number is area code 305
650 0198 0198. Okay 567 0560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. 400 open lines wait
nine. Here's the mobile in four lot of day. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes. A quick pork or report
to Flamingo in 595. Yeah. There's like seven or eight troopers out there just pulling people
over left and right. Great. I'm speaking of government intrusion in your life. Yes.
Would I get five thousand if I called those guys a bunch of walking penises? Yeah.
Oh okay. In fact, plural I think you're up to 15 grand already. I am?
One penis is five thousand when you say plural it's like they pick any number they want.
So since there's seven troopers it just cost me 35 grand. You're right. In fact even with us now
we're going to be able to do that. Congratulations. You're right up there with us.
All right. Hey that's my goal. Okay. Just in thinking about it how about that song the uses of the F word?
Yeah. Could you play just to get the FCC going? I'll think about it. Have a great day.
Yeah. Yeah. I want to get the FCC going right. Now we're just continuing to do it our show.
We're not going to win by here for anybody. Do we have it? Do we have a data? Well we do have it.
Thank you. By the way before we get out of that speaking of the FCC we got a story here.
Thanks to our friend Casino Stan who once in a while besides his can see a casino hysteria
send us some good stuff about the trout molesting priest and other things.
For example X cleric a former Church of Christ minister was sentenced to 15 years in federal
prison on Tuesday for torching or vandalizing four Mormon churches including the one
where his ex lover was the organist. He played the organ in Albuquerque in New Mexico. How do you like that?
I would say that. No. No. But the good story. Thank you so much. The good story would somehow we
admit this. It's about look at this. The guy's name was crap.
Crap. Yeah. A black police officer fired from the... And wait till you hear his superior's name.
This is a true story. A black police officer fired from the Mami Beach Police Department in 1996
was awarded 150 grand last Thursday by a US district court jury that agreed that his termination
had more to do with race than job performance. Walter Crap. 39 of Hollywood said he was systematically
harassed, scrutinized and criticized by his superior's because he was outspoken about racial issues.
I bet he knew his crap though. And his attorney Nicholas Manzini. I wonder if he's related to
Bardzini. Nicholas Manzini successfully argued that his client was treated differently because of his race.
Specifically Manzini pointed the incident that led to crap's termination. On September 4th 1996,
crap was reprimated by... I'm getting so excited about reading this. He was reprimated by then
Sergeant Michael Puts for leaving his assigned post without permission. That's PUTZ. Puts. OOOH!
How do you like that? Crap said Puts was loud rude, be raided him, and then criminally battered him
with a violent, open-ended slap. Puts could not be reached for comments. What a Puts. Huh? How do you
like that? We got crap. And Puts. What a great law firm that would be, huh? Oh, they're probably
gonna deal with the FCC knowing that these are Washington attorneys. We're gonna hire crap and Puts.
Woo! So anyway, here's Howard Kleinberg's thing and based on
Mike Winery, who's a man of impeccable taste. Don't bait and switch with transit campaign pitch.
Leave it to a good buddy like Howard Kleinberg, who knows this hockey and knows his crooked politicians.
It says it was one of those earlier casino referendums. I can't remember which, but what
inflamed me about it was the anti-cicino campaign brochure that illustrated on the cover,
people being stabbed, shot, gararded, mugged, and otherwise brutalized. The inference being that
if you ever went in the favor of casinos, violent crime would sweep Miami. The vote went against
casinos, and as a result, there is no crime in Miami, no shootings, no muggings, no knifeings,
oh well. The article of political campaigning is a murky one. Always has, perhaps always will be.
What upsets me most about this is that good people struggling for good issues,
often so disturther campaign, they turn voters the other way.
The transit tax issue is a good example. So skewed has been so much of this campaign that even
though I'm a strong supporter of mass transit says Howard, I'm tempted to vote against the Thursday.
Do it Howard, just say no, please. No. You and the God to miss Baja. No.
He says here's why my mailbox has been stuffed with campaign literature,
mail to me supposedly from a good number of cultural organizations, most of which are either
donate to or may do is paying number of. When you look at the fine print, it says the presentation
is paid for and approved by the Transit Not Tools Committee, the folks in favor of the transit tax.
What do these mailers tell me? How about this, the cover of this one? Vote yes in the July 29th
Special Election on Transportation and your arts and cultural organizations will gain $7 million
every year. On the back at Warren's, if the Transportation Tax fails, we will lose this once
in a lifetime opportunity to gain public funding for arts and culture. The right hand inside
facing page does talk about traffic gridlock, but the left hand inside page also gets into money
for culture. Clearly the thrust of the brochures not for what the election really is about,
but something that locks the feed off a transit victory or looks to, locks to what it should do.
Another mail are also paid for Transit Not Tools, but featuring photos of cultural institutions
as it's covered. Finally, real public support for arts and culture if we vote yes on July 29th.
And he goes on about the one from the Museum of Science and from the Fairchild Trapple Garden,
et cetera, and so on. As we struggle with a real issue of a dollar need for transportation,
it turns out that there is an existing County Transit subsidy of $103 million a year. But if the
transit tax passes, much of that $103 million will be diverted to other uses including
daycare and health care, scholarships, tourism promotion, library books, and that money for
the cultural institutions. This resembles the Florida Lottery where the proceeds were supposed to
be additional dollars for our schools. However, the state legislatures sees the opportunity to leave
much of the funding to the Lottery and spend what used to go to schools and other projects.
I believe in supporting arts and culture and many of the social programs in Miami Data would
gain financially from a pro transit victory, but that is not the issue before us. It's a smoke screen,
more like a bribe. Get your folks to vote for us and we'll give you this. What we're voting for
on Thursday is a penny sales tax for transportation and wondering why that $103 million in addition
to the new tax still can't be used to get us out of gridlock. If Miami Data doesn't need help to
unravel our huge transportation boom doggle, then how about giving it back? Ask Howard Kleinberg.
How do you like that? And he says he's teetering on voting no. Do it Howard. No. You got enough
brains. You got enough comments sent. Just say, go to the liars to bullcrap artists. We've been through
it before, sweetheart. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60. Look at this. Boy, time is just flying along. Here's zooming along.
Man, when you have it a good time. What's that? What is that?
What do I want that for? Not just already do sunny? Just put it away. Okay, put it back in your
pants and come down. Maniac, you get a lot of control here just because Brad said he's going to
give him a free lunch today. The other reason you get in the free lunch is because I'm here, okay?
The free lunch guy is here. That's the reason everybody's getting a free lunch.
The champion snore of all times is here. Yours truly. Also known as...
Oh, good. Howard Klein, f***ing blow! Feeling sexy? Feeling kinky? Feeling old? Been coming to
Fredrick's of Hollywood? Florida? Retirement haven to the elderly. So you wear a plastic
hair monitor when it's sunny out and a fur coat during the summer? Big deal. That doesn't mean
you can't done some crotchless panties in a barbed wire bra tonight. What, honey? Look at the
rubber panties. You'd look great indeed. No grandma, check out this G-string and see through
hall-dirt-top combination. What? Oh, that is nice, dear. I can see myself really getting into
that little number. Can't you? Bring the husband, bring your family, bring your bed nurse,
and come into Fredrick's of Hollywood. Florida. Look for one in the retirement
community near you. You know, I'm in shock. I'm like, you really slip. Not only is your memory
off fading, but I'm looking up at a counter. Now last Friday was Shannon's birthday. It's right
there in the counter. Last Monday was Volka's birthday. We wish him a happy 40-year third. He's
almost as old as Donnie B. And last Friday was Shannon's 23rd birthday. And we, I totally forgot,
I slipped my mind. I'm sure you must have given her something on her birthday. You said happy
birthday to her on Thursday. Can we say on the air what you gave her for her birthday? Is it bigger
than a bread box? I give her an eye on you. You as in uterus? Oh, five grand more.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 60 on the mobile one line. So Howard Climberg points out as everybody
should realize, see if this thing were legitimate, if it would stand on its own, they wouldn't have to
throw a bone to everybody in town. If I, you, the arts, Jack, or Climber, all these other silly people,
they wouldn't have to be promising something for everybody if this thing could possibly stand on
its own merits. And if there's additional 15.6 percent increase in your sales tax in
Dave County, reading was what it's supposed to be for transfer of fricantation. I almost said it,
by the way. Instead of fricant, I almost said crap in. How about that crap and putt, huh?
Here's a mobile in N'Ranger. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I love that owner
about crap and putt. I read it too. Listen, I worked for the county, I'm a union officer,
I just want to tell you about the penny sales tax, the pressure we've been getting. Yeah.
Three contracts coming up, airport, fire police. They're saying, okay, you've worked for it,
would give you well money, all this kind of stuff. Yeah. And the president of the union,
he's not a member of, he says, I got paid for it. He says, yeah, I got to put it on my
yeah. Right. And so that's what I'm saying, the guy who's a room is going around.
If we up all this money for the union, he's talking to you now. That's all the pressure's coming
for us. Well, Tom, you're going to vote yes, and just go in there and vote no, they'll never know.
Yeah. Just say don't blame me, we voted yes. Yes, Joe, I'm out here, poor talk, I was super
vise, I was stupid, super vise, suits, they both for the penny sales tax, they get out of here.
Amen. All right. Okay, just do it, pal. Everybody just lie. Okay, the politicians are famous for
doing say don't blame me, we all voted yes. Just go in there and vote no like a maniac. Okay,
just keep punching that thing until it's got a big oozing hole in it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir.
You had a bust. Yes, I am. Yeah. I've been out here for 35 years. Yes. Let me tell you something.
When the mob was here, things were a lot better. That's right. Let's wrap the goddamn,
man. You know, remember when we had the casino things and tower talks about they were the gambling
about how all the mob will come in here. Like the mob hasn't been here all along. If they would
let the mob run the county instead of Mayor penis and this much of mafia people, we'd have a place
in the exciting place. Right. What not a beach? The beach was beautiful. Right. And when Carter left
he's jelly-celled, stupid thing. Right. That's right. It went to pot like Jordan. That's right. They
go back to Cuba and take their country back. That's right. They get a hold of St.
Louis traffic caddies and nephew when they go over there and do a number. And another one.
He is the biggest household you ever met. Yeah. I got that. That's what you can tell us.
This guy passed the state tax in Connecticut. Yeah. 7 out of 10 people that want to be killed
is son of a you know what. That's yeah. Oh, another five grand.
Anyway, I had Joe Castellaw. You think about it. Low Wiker. He said he's an asshole. Yeah. He was right.
Okay. Thanks. You know you're okay. Thanks. In fact, you want to think about Joe Castellaw. You just
we we have an outstanding thing. What do you think about we don't even mention that? What do you think
about he says he's an asshole? Yeah. Just go into blank. Let's you a name and just go into
full book. Any name you want to pick? He's an asshole. How about footy on my off? He's an asshole.
Oh man. He goes nuts when he hears that. Just the name sends him into orbit. His allergies start
acting up even if he just reads the words Y 100 like kind of billboard somewhere. He starts to go
nuts. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I mean what kind of a thing is that anyway? You know what kind of a logo is that?
Why? 100. Why would anybody in their right mind? Why would anybody over the age of 10 be listening
that crap in the first place? Okay. But I'm really proud of all my friend. I fell already a broad
casters in his town like footy and Paul Castellaw balls over there sucking around. You know it's
not bad enough. You're ripping off everybody else's material like footy mind. We'll we don't
begrudge you that. But don't be another one of these political shields. Why do people like that?
Those are the kind of shows that they go on politically astute people like Paul Castellaw ball
footy. Oh yeah. That political rocket scientist because over there playing bubble gum
markets for nine year olds. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. They don't play Britney Spears on her. She's
a little too mature for listeners of why what 100? I don't want to say why 100 Joel break out again
in the hives. Here's a four-letter deal. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. Long time. First time. Good
afternoon. Good afternoon. Hannibal's back. He's got a new book out. Yeah we know that's old news sir.
Oh sorry. And Diane anything with a good either. Sorry. I said the King George has a bad speech
defect. Yes I'm as me. Uh huh. I'm not changing the subject. You remember that? I like law you
come out with. Well sir can I ask you a question seriously. What language are you speaking?
Speak it surely. Could have fooled me. I know it's company. Yeah it's company. That's what I thought.
And now there's another five grand. Oh Jesus. Would you stop saying those things?
I think it's real. I'll let you once it be a track. Yeah. That Joe. That George. That Joe. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway that's that a lot. Can you is there a law that can override the condo law?
Listen let me tell you take a refresher course and when you start when you learn to speak the language
coming back okay my company friend. Couldn't understand it. Well can you understand it? No.
I'm already saying. Right. It's not law. You know that. You know that. You know. You know you know you know you
move. It's about to dig up. Tell you. These are the most constipated people on the face of the
earth. These freaking British people. Thank god we won that war anyway. Thank the Lord for that.
I think I think once they got that mustard in there. That's what kind of affected their speech
patterns. They had a kingway. A heralette George the sixth. And now we got these cocking. I didn't
say well I'm going to make. Let me go on and bring you to the Atlantic. It's a good airline. We
thank my good friend, Richard over there. He's taking very good care of me. But you know something
the stewies the the flight attendants are very nice on here. Well it's probably me. It could be
anything. I'm just like yeah. What are you talking about? I have better luck on Martin's
scare with a goddamn dutch of the stewies on there. You know I still believe. Yeah. Okay. Whatever
you say. Fine. At least I know what the hell they're saying. Don't come out. Goodbye. Get out of my
face. Take that sea wolf and sea bass and get it out of here already. But Virgin Atlantic with
these British with the constipated brits. They're emotionally constipated. They're mentally constipated
and they can't speak the language they invented. Other than that they're great and they're
pasty looking ugly but other than that they're dynamite. And of course they're food sucks but other than that
so call me again. Okay. And tell you how. And put away that spotted dick. Oh there we go again.
Can grant for that. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami.
Deal. Yes sir. I'm called yours and referred to a little flyer they're giving out.
I'm an oinker for the county. Yeah. And last but not least we take that touch a little flyer telling
those that one a great thing that Penny Tax is going to be and if we didn't vote for it they
will cut our budget in the department. You know. You've got to vote for it. You're going to
burn in hell I'm sure of that. Yeah I'm born in form for sure. You know maybe
Mayor Pingas you lick Ricky Margis finger look out and get the hell out of day accounting.
And make us all safe. Another thing is the transit is they go to Vegas. You've been out there
when they have free bus rides for all day long for transit. No. Vegas. Maybe gambling.
That's some of all the problems. Anyway, Nils you're great. Okay. See you.
Anybody understand? I think he was taken up with a British guy right there. You know what I'm
talking about? Then I said what he was saying too but he's a good guy and he's going to vote
several times on Thursday. It's part of that stupid Marlon game. It's coming up with a pregame
of 12 30 on Thursday. Well that's a real I mean a slap in the face of all you know
or any other day of the year I'd say great we'll take the extra hour and a half off any day of my life
but not this Thursday the one day I'm dying to work from 10 to 2 and they screw us up.
Nice going here Marlon. You guys really suck. If you think I've been ripping a hell out of
the Marlon's up until now just wait and don't tell me they got no control over it. They got control.
They have something to say about it. They should have just said no. The fillings is what they should have said.
Just say no to that Mushmout Harry Callis who could put you into a coma and
three by the bottom of the first inning. There's a vlog vibe all the love you know.
Spastic Harry Callis who thinks by the way that he's like you know got a little bit of that tone
of John Fassant in his voice so the NFL Hardham do that stuff after John Fassant in that.
You couldn't lick John Fassant in his ass okay Harry.
Yeah Spastic. What is that? Sports canisters who are spasged out you know.
I don't say that. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on a mobile one line and by the way all that stuff in
Barry Jackass is calling this morning about poor Dave LaMont. You're a good guy Dave.
You're a friend I like you you're a hell of a good guy but that's screaming you did on you
and football that's what the back you out of the picture out history.
So you can whine and the bellyache all you want about the wonderful job you did plus the fact
that you know because you couldn't control your body functions and were farting up the store.
Yeah he did color on you and baseball with me that one year remember that anybody?
Of course not about a hundred years ago.
Get to be about the middle of the fourth inning and my eyes kept tearing up.
I thought boy they're sure we're working heavy over time out of Kilbasa down here.
It wasn't the Kilbasa was LaMont cutting the cheese big time over and over again couldn't control
himself. Now this guy from Massachusetts we understand I wonder if he ever knew the Kennedys huh?
That's probably why he got in that's why he got the job he's from the state where the Kenvys are
front don't mess with those people. Let's do a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello.
Hello yes sir. Yeah you'd fun about the tax in Dave County that's particularly shocked
but if you look at the front page of the USA the day because at articles says the states can't
spend the money fast enough they have thirty three billion dollars in surpluses that involve
about thirty five states so they determine at the end of the article that they need to spend
the money faster. Yeah and that would that would cut my eye because that's what we need is
guys in government to spend our money. Right they're going to bring in Renfield as well
they're going to do from the Dracula more faster faster they're going to do that you know.
I need that job let me be the designated spend that was a guy from from a reefer man they're
all same thing he was same boy. The other thing that don't go on near George. Yes the umpire
suing to take their resignations back. Yeah how you know we changed we changed their mind it's
I don't know sorry you didn't change your mind. Oops nice one major league baseball for once they got
it right give it when it doubt get them out. Okay that's a great idea right. Yeah we quit oh
no while we changed your mind. No you didn't have a nice life. Fakers bunch of blind fakers
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty animal one on your wife was reefer madness.
Yeah it was the same thing. Holy cow Aaron's coming.
By the way the sprint rating folks tomorrow it's gonna really be out of your hand this
will be big day for the Dracula couple of years.
Why do you get?
We don't know.
And all the cuters go on time.
Why do you get?
We don't know.
Everybody's gonna die.
People will find it when we're done.
I read that in a magazine.
If I come with the world.
If you believe it's the end of the world.
Let's see the market.
Ratchet again.
I'll give the man in your long time.
Don't jump into the air.
So I'm thirty two five fifty W.
George must have taken me seriously.
He's calling Brad over Tony's for lunch again today.
We just had lunch from them free yesterday.
They're gonna start getting really upset.
Especially since certain other people around here are trying to use my name.
For only thirteen dollars.
My name is worth a hell of a lot more than thirteen dollars.
I'd say that I'd say like thirteen fifty would be good.
Now so because you got a smile on your post like are you kidding us.
We're gonna send you free food again.
I was just talking about J.T.
And about the twenty minutes suck job he made over there yesterday calling
and apologizing and sucking up.
I mean unbelievable.
I was wondering whose voice that was.
I thought it was our old buddy that called and said that.
You know if I can ever find this damn thing.
Where the hell is it?
You know the one I'm talking about that said.
And I'll put it stuck.
That wasn't that guy we thought it was.
It was Brad saying that to J.P.
on the phone yesterday after the first forty five minutes of apology.
And I'll put it stuck.
Yeah.
Oh you're gonna be sitting there in the front row.
You're gonna be sitting there.
Yeah I'll be sitting right next to you.
Palakai loved yesterday that that that he's in fact he was like Renfield,
Jr.
That one yesterday.
You're gonna be sitting there in the front row in that bag show.
Yeah I'm in the front row in a bag show.
What's wrong with that?
Sounds like the beginning of a great poker Brian bit.
Okay we got six hundred open lines here.
I realize we can't get to you immediately if not sooner but that's too bad.
Do we really care?
No.
You got something worth while fine.
Hang on a couple of minutes.
If not too bad.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
We didn't have one lady a day.
In fact no I think we had maybe two but that one very very nice young lady.
18 years old.
How do you like that?
That's for this show.
When 18 year old young lady.
I bet that book comes out tomorrow.
We got at least a one share.
And it's coming out early in the first part of the show.
All the other people are work radio in this market.
You know what that means when the book comes out.
You'll all be gathered around listening to the.
Yeah.
You'll get to.
The only one who give the straight poop on those numbers.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I'm Neenil.
How are you?
Great.
I don't know if you saw the article for Robert Steinbeck in the hair of this morning.
Yes sir.
I made mention of that again.
Another black guy.
Another Uncle Tom trying to lead his brother's pictures down the garden path.
Yeah I just turned it about a few minutes ago.
Yeah.
It was unbelievable.
I mean the guy doesn't have a clue.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
You know the guy's saying to the people.
He believes that our regend is coming and none of us ever have a plan
except the politicians here and there.
Right.
Just like the original material.
Just like that 11 mile billion dollar boom doggo.
Yeah the only the only other thing that I that he failed to mention
in other cities where they do have metarray.
I mean like take Chicago.
The metarray runs right down the center of the freeway.
So while you're inching along you look at the train.
Right.
They're flying by.
That's right.
They say hey I'm going to take the train.
But you see unlike most other cities like in New York where you got man
hadn't in Chicago where you've got the loop.
Most other major cities have got a downtown where people go.
Nobody here goes downtown.
This is too much of a spread out in the enormous area.
Where are you going to go?
The metro rail goes anywhere.
Where are you going to go once you get off?
What are you going to do then?
How are you going to go anywhere on foot for more than two minutes unless you work
downtown?
Would you already go there?
Right.
Yeah.
The guy just doesn't understand.
It's a pathetic.
They're falling over each other.
They have the arrow to push this tack.
Now McCrawl Highson had the best column of them all right in the
heraldary yesterday.
So I think he's got a little more quite a quite a quite a ability.
Right.
I heard you yes and that.
All right.
Just wanted to call and you doing a great job.
Yes and thank you.
Thank you.
And we'll be doing a great job on election day this Thursday for two and a half
hours till the end.
Kisata here for some stupid free game show for some even more stupid ballgame.
That means nothing to the Marlins or any of us unless you're a Philly's fan.
1600 open lines 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes sir.
Is this Neil?
It sounds like me.
Yeah.
It sounds like you.
Uh huh.
Listen, I just want to say I can't vote down there in in uh day county.
Well changing name just to get a fight in the name of an old dead guy.
Ain't that a damn shame?
Because I'd vote no in a horribly.
Me too.
I'd come back down here and vote 14 15 times each hour.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll vote too.
But wouldn't it be better?
He's kind of cute.
What?
Don't say he's kind of cute.
Who's that?
Venus.
May or penis know.
Yeah.
You got a thing for him now.
I don't I don't think he's cute at all.
But if you got a thing for him, come on down and check out his agenda.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, what's shaking man?
Yes sir.
Hey, what was up with that guy?
It was a cute pink uh,
a penelope guy man.
I got a creep.
Uh, we got a thing in uh, I used to go to FIU.
I guess your goat must have got out and ran away.
You can't go ahead.
That uh, that um, we used to go to FIU and they sent us a flyer for
for telling us like that we should vote.
Yeah.
That's right.
Cause FIU is going to get money.
Jack, or the timer's going to get money.
Everybody in their brother's going to get a money.
Uh, if there's going to be any money left over for transportation,
we're really not sure.
But air, the old people are going to get money.
The young people are going to get money.
The dark, complex people are going to get money.
The Hispanic people are going to get everybody's got something in this deal.
Uh, I don't understand where the logic is,
it's spending $500 a year more in taxes could be the 50 cent pull of day.
That's right.
That's right.
We're taking it.
We have to be sitting on that thing driving back and forth.
Just spend all your whole day driving back and forth across that thing
and not go anywhere to get up to that 500 bucks.
Without a doubt.
No, I don't know what that's done.
All right, let's go.
Girl you an often pal.
All right.
Okay, 2800 open lines is getting worse by the minute here.
566.
In fact, you know something I'm beginning to realize.
We ought to have a Marlon game every day with a pre-game at 1230.
2.5 hours is plenty for these bastards.
We're out of material already.
I don't know what that could be.
Mommy, when will I grow my extra re-wee?
You only have one re-wee, son.
Uh, Mommy, are I the four of them?
No, no, you're only supposed to have one.
Is Daddy the four?
No.
He has two re-wee.
No, son, he only has one.
Oh, he's me, Mommy knows.
No, he has two.
Two.
Yeah, a row one he's paid with and a great big one he brushes the baby sugar steaths with.
1242 at 560 WQM 560 705 60.
Palm 560 on a mobile one line.
Jamanda, no, not jamanda.
Tankolder is back today.
See how soon they forget?
Hank, I'll be back at two.
And then we got to Donnie B talking that really exciting baseball at 6.
And that big Marlon game.
And the police.
Here's the Lady Mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I just wanted to thank you very much for trying to get the word out about this.
Kenny sales back.
I'm working at it.
I just, I think I have wanted to mention to you.
I think that he's going to be on NPR today discussing this.
Who's that?
The panelist.
Yeah.
And um, anyway, I just want to let you know,
I'm George, did a great job when you were gone by the way.
Okay, thanks, sweetheart.
Thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye to the way for the sports nerds.
Here's another great story about the scumbags that you and your children are supposed to admire.
Lawrence Elevates a Long Island attorney says he's filed a multi-million dollar lawsuit
in New York State Supreme Court in Assault County against New York Jets line
in John Jumbo Elliott and Matthew O'Dwire a former jet and current Cincinnati Bangalore offensive line
and I do mean offensive.
The suit seats compensatory damages in the amount of $1.3 to $2.5 million.
On behalf of five plaintiffs and their spouses and punitive damages in the amount of $5 million.
Elevates says the suit is being brought on behalf of two City of Long Beach police officers.
John O'Sullivan and Dean Burke and an Assault County police officer.
Anthony Revelli as well as Michael Conradis and Christine Bonsonuri volunteer firefighters.
The suit stems from a melee which occurred on July 10th on Boat Guards on Park Avenue
at 124 West Park Avenue in Long Beach.
When 308-Pont Elliott entered the ladies room,
pushed Bonsonuri, Bonsonuri aside, opened his pants, exposed his genitals tour,
and urinated in the sink.
Squirt, Squirt.
Elevates says Elliott and his companions then engaged in a raucous brawl,
fighting and pushing patrons and throwing items throughout the bar and punching Bonsonuri
on the left side of her chest.
The 6.7-inch tall Elliott also then punched Conradis with a close fist and forearm.
The attorney says Elliott was accompanied by 294 pounds,
6.5-inch tall O'Dwire and another offensive lineman for the jets,
318 pounds, 6.7-inch tall Jason Fabini.
Fabini is not being sued because Elevates says he didn't commend any of the assaults.
After the police arrived to arrest Elliott, O'Dwire and Fabini, O'Dwire kicked out the rear
window of the police car, causing glass to shatter with shards of glass, cutting and embedding
in the face and eyes of officers who are Sullivan and Burke and Revelli.
O'Dwire also kicked Revelli in the hip and struck another officer as well.
Elevates says the lawsuit is seeking punitive damages because of the exceptional size,
growth and athletic prowess of the defendants and their wanton disregard for others rises above
the level of an ordinary assault and warrant the condemnation of society. The attorney noted it
took 31 police officers to subdue these animals. How do you like that?
More of those great athletes that you can teach your kids to really admire,
like Lawrence Phillips and like all these other scumbags.
And we got people on this radio station, Adobon mentioned, Littleblog making excuses for them.
Well, you know, the people least talk shows what it's all about. What you should have said, Joe,
what it's all about are assholes with no values whatsoever, who admire scumbags as long as they
can win some stupid, meaningless ball game. That's what you should have said. And you have to keep
glamorizing these jackasses instead of discussing it openly, honestly and intelligently,
because God forbid somebody with a IQ bigger than their damn penis size might actually listen to it.
Right, instead of just a bunch of sports nerds with their idiotic marwana questions.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and coral spring.
Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, you know, these
bitches in Miami, they're no different than anywhere else. They're not unusual. Look at the,
look at all coal that's young out there and Detroit with the people moving. Yeah, but we don't live
in Detroit. We don't live in Detroit. I know, but it's the same mentality. Yeah. They got
the same system up there and nobody writes that either. Right. But they blew billions on that. Yeah,
we've already done this once. That's the point. We already blew over a billion dollars
of somebody's tax money on this and can't we learn the lesson or we that's stupid.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Davy. Hello.
Davy. Zill. Yes, sir. Hey, you played at Skate yesterday about that, the
full cooking. Yeah. Can you play that skid again for me? I got a friend who's down. Yeah, I got a
friend for you. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile
and four-loader deal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I got to say that you have converted me. I was at the
beginning pro tax and now I'm hearing you in the last couple of weeks. Yeah. I'm completely
going to vote no and encouraging everybody that I know to vote no. Please, I'm begging you to get
everybody, you know, even some dead people out there to vote on Thursday. I'm telling you,
Neil, keep spreading the truth. You are. Keep it in the truth. Thanks so much. We're spreading
in here. It's the only place and that's why they had to cut our show short on Thursday because
they know if they left me on the whole four hours, that would bury this thing. It would definitely
be it. No. That would be it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. But as usual,
I continue sitting here squeezing and begging and pleading and pumping these numbers and pumping
the numbers. And of course, you will notice as you drive around how much lighter the traffic is,
even though we still got some jackasses out there making it as miserable as possible.
Because there's nobody here as we get closer and closer to August 1. This, in fact, from the middle
of July until Labor Day, that's the peak. That's when the fewest people are here in town,
when everybody bales out of here, when it gets to be 110 in the shade, the only problem is they
got nowhere to go. Now, it isn't 110 in the shade, but nevertheless, they're still not here.
So all these baloney, phoney stories that they make enough of. Oh, well, you know, we had a
worst disillusion now because otherwise, if we don't have the result now, I'll October when
the federal government hands out the matching fund, we wouldn't have the approval of the audio audio.
Bull crap. Everything about this election smells and stinks like a rotten fish. Thursday, July 29,
likely story on a day when the Phillies in the Marlins are playing a day game. Those, I guarantee
they probably checked that thing out to the probably, I checked the, uh, Philly and Marlin thing,
the schedule, just to make sure to silence the voice of the opponents.
Not that I'm getting paranoid or anything, and that business about the FCC fine coming up,
you have to really wonder about that too, huh? Well, a Catholic church couldn't do it, and I'll tell
you right now, Mayor Penga, he ain't gonna do it either. He's not gonna shut up this show.
Oh, there's a mobile in Palm Beach Gardens. Hello?
Palm Beach Gardens. Yeah, Neil. Yes. Yeah, this JB up here in Palm Beach,
God, and I want to know what you against the Metro Railroad. Yeah. How long have you been working
on a phony accent, JB? Five by two years. Yeah, well, keep working on a little bit better,
okay? And you can use that English guy and come on and do it right here on the table.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, probably, I must have been JB Brown, you think? Yeah.
Also known as toast. See, that's another thing with this town. You know, you're getting such a
bunch of ass liquors in this town. How many people have gotten this town to tell anything the way it is?
It's just even with something as banal and meaningless as sports. If somebody thinks to join out,
how about talking about it? If somebody does a great job, give them all the credit, I'm not talking
about being negative. How about being honest? How about telling it the way it is?
JB Brown, there's a guy got burned more time than last week's mayonnaise, okay?
And this guy, oh, he's great. He's one of the great defensemen. And as soon as he's gone and they
finally dumped his ass, oh yeah, he's shocked. He was an NF. That's the kind of ex, that's the kind
of great voices we got in this town, just a bunch of butt suckers. God. And you remember, remember
that thing with the panthers? How all of a sudden after we had that show in the morning,
the countertops there and Christine and more was here, screening calls. And all of a sudden,
some of the big, butch guys on the station, not to mention Joe Rose, who had been so critical of
the organization, all of a sudden they stayed like a suckin' up pretty damn good.
And you remember the thing with Dave Dombraski a couple of Fridays ago when Joe Rose was so
macho for a couple of minutes till his senses came back to him. And then all of a sudden,
after they had those comments by Dave Dombraski blaming this radio station and the top shows
on the station for all of the problems why nobody wants to go see their crap product,
all of a sudden Monday and Tuesday, hey you know the Braves are here, we really ought to go out and see
him. We really ought to go out and support the dead fish, the rotten, stinking fish.
As Phil Henry would say, where's that booker, Belmoney?
Where's that Mark Belmoney I think said? Every as soon as he heard fish, he thought we had free food
again. Talk about a Schnorr. There's a guy at JP who I'm going to learn how to Schnorr for him. We'll
get you in the hookup with Mark Belmoney. He didn't do anything in Iowa, he did with Schnorr for free
stuff. Here's a mobile invoker. Hello? Yes, one word from Mayor Penelope. No. Okay, great. Good call.
Not. 567-0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. He's a mobile and four-later day. Hello?
In fact, that's a good line. That's what he's going to leave Dave County Penelope. Yes?
I'm listening. Why are you so negative on the Kennedy's and all that? What does that mean?
I don't know, you're negative with John Kennedy's point. Negative with all these
things. Yeah. In other words, you can't handle the truth. I can't handle the truth.
I thought you'd get a blow job in the field. Yeah, yeah. Blow this. Okay. Blow this.
You can't handle the truth and you can't handle the fact that I'm actually here on a show
and will continue to be telling the way it is. That's what you can't handle. And that's why you've
got to turn up so loud that you got your finger deep inside your neck or maybe somebody else's.
Who the hell are you, kiddin' Mr. Huh? Who are you, kiddin'? You just, all the people you and your
ilk, you can't stand the fact that anybody could come on here or anywhere in public and say
something that you don't agree with. Because your idea of freedom of speech is it's okay as long
as you agree with it, as long as it's your narrow, uh, idiotic view of life. Then it's okay.
Because anybody with a brain that didn't like what I have to say, they'd be doing something
else right now. They'd be able to finger it out. Here's a mobile and okay, Chobby. Hello?
Yeah, Neil, I'll tell you right now. There's only two guys with balls on that station.
Yeah. That's you and Manditz. You're interested in guys running around with a bunch of babies.
They don't have enough balls just to what they think. You're out there, you're spreading the word,
and you got a bunch of people out here going, what do you say? What do you say? Yeah, exactly. They're all going
to that point. Yeah. Yeah. And like this last guy, that was probably Mayor pinged his boyfriend
this last one I just called. And Neil, can I call someone to do something? Go ahead.
Lauren, you spread her, pushing, sweating, big fat douchebag. Yeah, he probably knows crap and
he asked me over there on the beach. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got to tell you, I got to have a little
sympathy for the politicians down there in Dayton County. They lost their cash cow to put up my
Emmy in Capo, Lunetta. So you got to give them a for effort for trying to get a new cash cow,
new boom, boom, doggo. And keep up the good work. Thank you.
Man, going to happen, pal. I'll guarantee you, we're going to vote so many times on Thursday.
They're going to have to bring in 6,000 next to workers just to cap the guy down vote while they're
making it up as they go along. They're going to have to fix a lot of votes on Thursday to push this one
over the top. They did it 20 years ago, fake election. No one has ever denied that, by the way.
And I'm not the only one who's speculated on that. People, much more, you know, less psychotic than
I am have said, yeah, there was something to smell about that election. People in a homestead
voting for the freaking metro phase. L.R.U. people kidding. If you're going to fix it this time,
at least make up some better lies about where the votes are going to come from. They're going to
put this thing over the top. Okay. Like sweet water. Probably going to have 80,000 votes in
sweet water, vote. And yes, the only problem is there aren't 80,000 people in sweet water.
We'll just create some overnight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We'll just go to parts of town where people
can reproduce real fast, you know, and the kids will grow up real fast in the next two days. Yeah,
we don't have to wait the night. We're waving the usual nine month reproduction period. And also
the 18 year up here before you can vote. We're waving all of that. If you're breathing, you can vote
as long as you vote. That's what they said. Thirty dollars they're starting at, we're starting at
700 bucks and a free car from Norman Brand for no vote. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil, how you doing today? Pretty good, sir. First time caller, long time listener.
All right. Listen, I spent a day long driving up and down Miami. And if some of the idiots that
will live here in town would actually do the math and realize that they're going to save more money,
just paying the damn tolls, then increasing the tax, then we'd be offset. But unfortunately,
the society we live in, we got a bunch of airheads living down here that they don't know they're
brought from a hole in the ground. It's amazing. You can make empty promises to people so many times,
like these people have done before, like with the First Metro Rail and lie through your teeth and
screw them in every way you can. And then a few years later, come back and then there's still people
still with enough to buy it, to fall for it, to believe it. And that's the society we got down
here. We got a bunch of idiots. First of all, we got a bunch of bricks in office that are actually
trying to put these laws together. And then you got a bunch of idiots that are buying into this crap.
All right, Neil, take care. Good show. Just say no, man. All right. Okay, no man.
Four minutes before one at 560 WQM. What am I getting all worked up about this thing?
For because somebody's got to, because the rest of the people are walking around like they got
somebody's finger in your ear. That's the problem. Wake up and sniff it before they put another one
over on you. And all you business people out there, that's who should be leading the charge against
this is the Chamber of Commerce. Anybody heard from them on this yet? No, I haven't heard from them.
They're always sticking their nose in it. The Chamber of Commerce, the Junior Chamber of Commerce,
they should be vehemently opposed to this if they care about business in Dave County.
Because you're going to be losing him a business handover limp risk in Dave County.
People are going to be racing out of there with that extra not just one percent, the extra one
and a half percent tax you're going to have for instead of six and a half. It's going to be seven and a half.
What's going on today? It's the water to two hours.
In theaters now, from the director of Leavitt de Beaver and the producer of The Spy,
who shagged me, it's The Spy, who shagged Beaver. Who on make you hony? Yeah, I know that feeling.
Who on make you hony baby? Yeah, too hot. Yeah, I guess you're right.
Who's moving baby? Who's shagged now? Who's shagging into it? I've just got the breakfast
in New York City. This is New York City. This is The Spy, who shags Beaver.
You're having too many times out of here. Oh, be hey. Let me tell you this.
It's back to the coaster wagon for you. Yeah, baby.
Okay, I'm going to have to one at 560 WQAM,
0.560 on the AT&T wireless line, 0.560, 0.560. Hey, Goldberg back from vacation today.
Hey, stop it. At two o'clock.
Where we going? And the beef bowl, by the way, is pretty upset about all those vacations
that some of us are getting. Too bad, beef bowl. Just kiss the ground. You're working, sweetheart.
Here's Kutler Ridge. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
I knew. I was thinking of wondering just because we've made this date in the past concerning,
you know, politicians or the money in everything. Does that mean that we're never going to do any
public projects to help us town? What do you mean by that? I mean, we're never going to do anything.
Who said that? According to your own cars, they're saying that in your own way.
No, it didn't. We're not going to do anything, but they both, what they are saying is that we aren't
going to build another any more metro rail, which doesn't go anywhere. Nobody rides it anyway.
What's the sense of building a metro rail that got to pro player stadium when John Henry
wants to move the marlins anyway and wants to taxpayer tell him to build a new stadium anywhere,
but out there. We're going to, we're going to build a whole leg of the metro rail of the cost of
maybe $100 million out to the stadium where there's going to be eight dolphin games every year
and nothing else is going to be going on. Where's the sense in that?
Well, it's just going to get the northern part of the county and connected.
Yeah, and where do you go? Where do you walk when you get off of this thing? Where do you go?
Well, it's a survival business and community or along that route.
Yeah.
And where do you go? Where do you walk to? That's my point. This is not a walking community.
You know that. So there's nowhere you can go unless you go downtown, which 99% of the people
don't live or work downtown. You can't walk anywhere here. You have to have a car.
There'll have to be connections. Connections of what?
We all have a transportation. Yeah. But we don't have to fit together.
Yeah, okay. Well, you have a good time Thursday, pal. Whatever you're saying. There's a guy who's
just a little bit like that. He believes it all. Yeah, we're going to have this gigantic,
wonderful match. And let me say it again. Like Carl Heisen point down the column on Sunday.
There's no guarantee, even if you do pass this on Thursday, that's I'll ever get the matching
funds that they'll build one foot of additional metro rail. There's no guarantee in there.
But oh, all the people that FIU and Miss Horkheimer and all these other people,
they're going to get all this money. Like Howard Kleinberg says, if it's a tax for highways and
metro rail for transportation, use it for that and stop trying to throw a bone to everybody
else in Dade County. So it's to try to suck them in to get none of Van Wagon. That alone should
be transferred enough. Unless you're an absolute blithering idiot, you can see through it.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello. Hello, Danielle. Good to know.
What is this? Great show. Yes, it is. Oh, I'm thinking up on your advice them.
I had not the Vegas tomorrow. He's going to have this fellow. Now you're talking.
And I want to say one thing real quick about FIU. He's in the wrong profession.
He should be a jail ward. Yeah, and that's why they brought in Dave Wantson.
He's going to be a Wantson. That's going to be the Dolphin Warden.
That's it. Okay. I have a go on. Thanks.
Plunge your lungs. If you went big, remember me, please.
Remember what a great contribution I made to somebody's life.
How come this? Oh, there you go. Press the right button, dummy.
Look at that. It isn't going to work. Oh my god. My thing is stuck. There we go.
So all I need to do is get stuck on MTV too. And I'm finished for the day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60. Oh, look at that. That was up 112. That's up 51.
Oh, time, Danit. Let's get that stock market up to about. Let's get the Dow up to about
18, 20,000 by the end of the day. And we can all go home and never be seen again.
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir.
Am I on? Sounds like you. Yeah. Neil, and another thing,
you see, what this is a smokescreen? They first, we can't win in this thing.
If we vote no, which is what I'm going to do, we still get the poll hike.
And so they're ramming us like always. And this is what the politicians do.
And in the city of homestead, the city is trying to annex part of the area that belongs to Metro
Dave because they did that stadium that that's built on the middle of nowhere.
Yeah. The track is losing money. And now they want it.
They want it to, and the other day we went to a meeting and you know what they told us?
Oh, we're going to give you better service. But right away, my taxes will go up $1,000 a year.
How do you like that? For what?
Because they want to annex the Metro Dave area that I live in right outside in the Redlands.
Yeah. So that these politicians are all the same.
I think we should all put them out there in the wall and keep us can't enshoot them all.
Okay. I'll see you in an hour, pal. See you in a row.
Where's this thing? I'm looking again at yesterday's
Sun Sentinel, which you know is the only place where you would find in print at least most of the
true stuff except for Carl Heisen's column. The thing about the oh yeah.
It says if this passes, there's no guarantee that new Metro oil rail lines will be built.
And you would see tools on four major roads disappear, but you would watch new toolboots pop up on
other roads. So you know, this temper and again, as if the idea that there were tools in these
roads, first of all, there were tools there in the first place. There already been tools there.
All they did is increase it from 25 to 50 cents.
How much is that extra quarter? Or if you go both ways assuming every day that extra 50 cents,
difference is going to make times five is two and a half dollars a week, right?
Am I right about that? Last time I checked.
50 cents times five or a dollar, I'm sorry. No, that's right. It's only a 25 cent increase.
So it's a two and a half dollar increase. That's a hundred dollars and a little bit more than that.
125 bucks a year. 125 bucks a year. Is that going to break anybody in this audience?
Assuming we're only talking about people that drive both ways every day Monday through Friday,
which you can fit in a bread box with a number of people who have to do that.
But they try to put in the big scare, get everybody panicky. Do it as the unannounced
as possible and create all that big traffic jam. Get everybody frustrated.
Write in all the things the way that they're going about this.
That should raise the questions right there. And when you start telling that a Roman that's
coming from the way they're doing this, you know, right off the bat that this is another corrupt
piece of typical business as usual in this town. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Yeah, now you stole my thunder. I was just going to say I'm in the construction industry and we
get what they call dodgy ports. And they're already looking to put, I believe it's either broad or
semi-ninesh, because we're one of the other one one already has a toll on it. But they can rate
to look and put a toll on that road on the 79th Street Causeway. I believe that we got out of there
just in time. I'm telling you and it's very small kind of like a secret is that they've already got
metro real stations planned. There's one already being constructed. They just broke ground on it
out of medley. And that's going to run out into what's called the high park or it's called
grand park out in that area. But they already have broken ground for the metro rail to be extended out
and eventually it's going to be going towards the term park. This has been in five years in the
making and it's just now starting to break ground. So if this does pass, they can say, oh well,
look, we've already started work on a metro rail. Yeah. So which has nothing to do with the money
to fund in this tax? Exactly. It's 100% federally funded money. Right. And it's part of it's being
put up by the FCC. I'm sorry. That's the FCC. Yeah. The FTC. That's right. That's exactly right.
No. For Florida East Coast Railroad. So I mean, it's a sham vote. No. No. No. No.
God bless you. So thank you. Amen. This guy said vote. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
Several times. He's right. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless one. And by the way,
they lied. It was also another interesting article, which I failed to clip up.
Ping up. Keeps coming on there. Oh, it's the third most congested metropolitan area in the country.
And they said, you know, they used figures to it's the 12th most congested, not the third, the 12th.
If you look based on the real amount of the traffic flow, which still it is congested,
but there's this amazing thing called widening the highways and using all kinds of money to,
you know, make for better transportation with cars because that's what transfer just like Norman
Brahmins says. That's what this is all about. It's a driving community. It's not a mass transportation
community. There is nowhere to walk to. I mean, is this the kind of place where you're going to take
a metro rail into the middle of nowhere and then stand there and wait for a half hour for a bus
and do that both ways. There is no place to go to walk to. Other than downtown Miami,
where is it that any of us work that there's going to be a metro rail anywhere near?
We're going to have a metro rail near here so I can leave my car at home and by the way,
guess what? I live in Broward.
Is there going to be any metro rail that I'm going to hop on?
Oh. I say hop on this. That's what I say, Mr. Mayor. And of course, he might.
I wanted to give you the real thing here, Neil.
Oh!
What would it do if I had normal food?
Would you do if I had it in my CD?
No.
Are they the same in your body?
Yeah, not to mention where I could find now.
And just succeed by just spreading your lies.
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a tourler or a guy.
How low will you be if we can jump seven trees?
Now, at least until I'm out of rehab, 35.
I get by with this last in my breath.
I get guys with this plant in my breath.
I don't have to try with this plant in my breath.
How do you feel to that age for me?
Me.
She lived through me by carrying.
By carrying a leaf.
You'll be in all of my life.
But in this business, that's the most important thing.
And my guess is, it's important.
In plants in my breath.
Yeah.
You done?
One more please.
116 is 560 WKM.
Thanks to our good friend Brad over there at Tony's.
There was a Tony over at Brad's at 193 North West Check in Avenue.
She was a mammary I got.
She's sent over about 600 pieces today.
And by the way, JP's money did go to a good cause
the delivery guy.
We give him a nice big tip about the 50 cents.
Now, you give him the 13 bucks.
We give him a big tip and we bought Josh and Jason wherever they were.
All right.
Great.
567 of course, JP is not paying for his lunch today because he sucked around with Brad
on the phone for 20 minutes.
At least wants to free me a lot of it.
567 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Great pizza today, by the way.
In fact, you know something.
Jeff, I hope you're listening, which I'm sure you're not.
You're probably out and running around doing gotto in those what right now.
Doing gotto in those who.
But this Tony's is starting to get right up there on the same
you know what I'm in the nip and tuck neck and neck.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Picture this on a sunny afternoon.
It's the beautiful day.
Uh-huh.
You can shut up your whole family to the beach with a picnic cooler.
Mm-hmm.
You can shut up with towels and take your barbecue.
And you can use metro rail.
Can you picture that?
No.
No.
This metro rail can have a place to take my boat.
I can attach to it to take it to the beach.
No.
What's not?
I'm being facetious.
Did you see the herald today?
The disser section?
Oh, the business section?
With a herald appropriately buried this article.
I just read it real quick because it really isn't really going to raise your gander.
At a loss of $29 million,
MIA design could get asked after spending.
Come on.
Come on.
I'm quoting.
After spending $29 million is I a new concourse
and central terminal Miami National Airport.
County officials say those plans should be shelved
because of changing traffic patterns at the airport.
Airport officials want to scrap those projects and start fresh.
$29 million.
Oh my god.
Down the drain.
Is that surprise you?
No.
Unbelievable.
The other gentleman was the typical.
It's just where you are.
Oh my god.
Where you down?
And the herald buries it in the business.
That chorus.
The 29 you put on the front page?
Of course not.
The other thing, I don't know if you've been listening to some of Spanish radio stations.
Penelope is a...
Yeah, that was the first time.
Is blasting braiment.
I gotta believe Penelope has gotta be a communist.
Do you hear what he's saying?
I'm quoting you.
Braiment is a multi-millionaire who lives on a yacht
and blah blah blah.
He keeps pushing and criticizing braiment
as being a millionaire and living on a yacht.
Well, let me ask you this.
Mickey Eerson is a billionaire who's got
billions of dollars.
His daddy's got that nine billion
that he ran off the Israel with.
That's right.
When he's business, we don't get any tax money from.
He takes all the tourists out of here
to the port of Miami.
Six amount of cruise ships
with your all registered
to affluent countries.
There is no tax money to ride from that business
and yet he's in bed with Mickey.
Yeah, and Penelope is saying,
but right now,
Mayor Martinez is saying
is commenting on Penelope is saying
the last time he heard language like that
was in Cuba when they were communist
with blasting the people who were making money.
Right.
So that gives you an idea.
And the other thing, if he's so upset
about somebody who's got a lot of money.
Right.
Then how come he's so buddy- buddy with Mickey Eerson
all of a sudden created a big bond
like the day after he got elected?
That's right.
And Mickey Eerson has bigger yachts
than Mickey Eerson could buy in Southern Norman
brave in 10 times over.
One other thing.
The 27th Avenue line,
this gentleman you had earlier
was talking about going up to 27th Avenue.
Those surveys that they did this 27th Avenue line
were done 30 years ago.
The population shift,
and as you know it,
is to Western Broward.
Right.
Nobody you goes on 27th Avenue anymore.
It's a wasted line.
Absolutely wasted.
Yeah.
So, you know, I don't know where to, you know, I don't know.
I can't.
I'm flustered too.
I don't know why, you know,
I can't believe all this garbage in the,
you know, I said the only one you said,
you know, and I took, I looked at the article today,
is the Sun Sentinel is the only one
that's printing the truck.
Right.
That's right.
And Carl Heisen in the SDA is your old.
Carl Heisen,
hit it right on the head.
A money pit.
A absolute money pit.
You got it.
Okay.
Just say,
no, early and often.
Thank you.
Thank you.
In fact, we're going to spend the whole staff here at QM.
We're spending all day tomorrow after the show at two o'clock.
After we get off here,
we're going to go around all the cemetery in the county,
dig up all the bodies of the dead people
and make sure that they vote several times on Thursday.
Because we do understand it is acceptable to vote
if you're dead in the county, right?
We have plenty of precedent for that.
Uh-huh.
Okay. Good.
And we are letting Bert Hernandez out to help us
on Thursday with that election to make sure we rig it good.
Nobody does it better.
What's his wife doing?
That guy, that attorney.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale and I'm mobile.
Hello.
Hey, guys.
Yes, sir.
Got to vote no.
No, I don't want we don't need any more day county residents over here
making more problems.
Right.
I'm going to vote yes for the dolphins,
all the convicts on the dolphins.
It's winning.
And I'm going to vote yes in support of the bridge tenders.
Thank you.
Okay, great.
Okay.
There's that butt plug.
Fine.
You know what I'm talking about?
He's that.
He's that.
That's obsessed with the bridge tender.
Probably wants to look with him.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless long course.
We've been asking that question for years since we were on IOD
on the 709th Street,
quadsway is the bridge tender.
Here's a mobile in my and that's what my mother finds out when she goes to the dentist
in between the right rummaging to my garbage.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I deliver mail in the city of Miami.
Unfortunately, I got to deliver this political crap.
Senator Gwen Margolis is already announcing here that we have a crisis in our community.
Miami, the county has become the third most contested area in the United States.
That's a lie.
They're passing New York City.
We are in the midst of a traffic nightmare and you have the power to fall
the crisis right.
Just say no.
No, I'm voting no.
Good good work, pal.
And tell Gwen Margolis were to stick it.
Oh, there's another 10 grand.
Sorry.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, Carrie Mekis.
You see all these wonderful liberals, my old liberal friends,
this liberal democratic establishment, these spend and tax, tax and spend, spend and time.
People are sick and tired of that.
Okay, stop flushing our money down the toilet.
Like it's coming out of a water faucet.
And then maybe somebody might go along with this boondoggle ears to help all your friends
in a construction business.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I'm a close to the sale tax increase.
Also, I'd bless you, sir.
I don't agree with what it's going to be used for.
And I don't trust the people the money would be going to.
I wanted to point out a few things.
I'm a CPM, you know, reasonably into this.
Right.
I don't spend all my time on sales tax.
But there's three counties in Florida that have a 7 and a half percent rate.
There's Scambia, which is Pensacola, Monroe, and Jackson.
I don't know what they're having in Jackson.
There's a huge difference, though,
in about how that works, though.
All three of them have expiration dates on their,
you know, county surtax rates.
Our no expiration date on this one, baby.
That's right.
It expires when we do.
And I actually ran some numbers here for you.
Of all the counties that have surtax rates, 75% of them have expiration dates on them.
In the state of Florida, 25% do not.
And 15 of the counties have no surtax at all.
Right.
Uh, so, uh, I guess that's my material.
Okay.
Earlier off on Thursday, man.
Okay.
Okay.
Bring a bus load.
A butt load.
5667-0560-0505-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
In case you'd tune in late, we got some real bad news for you.
In fact, even if there weren't an election,
it would still be bad news, probably for the audience.
We got the Marlin Game on Thursday as a day game in Philadelphia,
playing the Phillies of One o'clock, so the pregame is at 1230.
So we get preempted the last hour and a half.
Just coincidentally on the one day of all the days in the year and all the day,
and the five years that I got that deal with this place,
the one day I want to be here the whole four hours come hell or high water is this Thursday.
To bang away on this thing for four solid hours to encourage as many people
and they'd kind of get off their dead ash and go out there and vote enthusiastically.
No.
And there's chopping me off like after the first two and a half hours.
Now, if we had any brains and balls around us, do not they'd stick that damn you?
In fact, if they want to keep the game on QA and stick us on kiss,
that's the way to do it.
Forget that crap kick and stuff you're playing on there for an hour and a half.
And stick us on kiss on country kiss their last hour and a half.
We get all those red necks, all those truck driving scumbags out there.
They'll go down there and vote 10 or 20 times.
Now, guarantee it.
They're not too crazy about your kind, George.
All those kiss people, they're kissing it.
That's why sunny foxes are on there.
They're not too crazy about your kind.
They like his kind.
You know what I'm talking about?
The moonshine kind.
Remember Mike moonshine?
Here's the candle.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Beautiful, Sean Hill.
Yes, it is.
Yes, I wonder how many of the voters out there remember Mayor Peney's ads on TV
about the poor kid playing in the dusty street there, claiming when he was running for mayor,
he has no place to play.
So why are we building this big arena?
For Rich Mickey.
That's out.
Right.
For a millionaire, that's right.
I want to take him to flip on that.
One day.
That's right.
One day after he got elected,
that was the first official act
which to do this turnabout.
It happened overnight.
Like we're supposed to believe that.
And all of a sudden,
Mickey out of the generosity of his heart said,
well, I'll put up the money to build the arena.
You guys just subsidize it for the rest of your lives.
You hit this puppy right on the head.
And if people are dumb enough to believe this guy and try to...
He's a frickin' liar as well.
He's a liar with great political aspirations.
And like I said yesterday,
please keep this in mind.
Long after he's left here and gone on to run for Congress, to run the Bevice President,
whatever the hell he aspires to be,
we'll be stuck here with a bullcrap that he leaves behind.
Just like Merritt Steerheim did the first time before he made his comeback.
Exactly.
They're just counting every corner they can to get this.
And if people are dumb enough to believe this, they deserve it.
They deserve what they get in God bless, Brad.
I encourage everybody to say no,
because if they had any idea what was really going on with this budget,
now money's getting wasted and that's all in, they would say, forget it.
God bless you, sir.
Beautiful.
Have a great day.
There you go.
The intelligent people, the people with a brain.
We had a couple people yesterday who couldn't put a sentence together,
maybe 10 to 20 for our battery.
And those are the people that were voting yes,
because they're being led by the nose because Willy Logan says there's...
I'd say I would trust Willy Horton before I'd trust Willy Logan.
And I'm not talking about the ball player.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 127 at QAM.
Holy mackerel!
This is Joe Bo on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God!
If your party snacks taste like hell,
this year at Christmas serve Jesus of Nazareth.
Your guests will say, holy cow, when they bite into these sinful,
rich treats, and Jesus of Nazareth coming of variety of flavors,
from Alaphingo to hallelujah.
Get the smack he would have liked,
and the taste worth paying for.
Jesus of Nazareth.
It's your salvation, this Christmas.
There's a Jesus of Nazareth shop on business,
loop 80 right next to Chrysler Almighty Motors.
132 at 560 WQM again, happy 64th birthday to Donnie B.
He'll be on 6 to 7 before tomorrow and game tonight.
Nice going on, only 63 today.
Oh!
And they're getting older by the minute.
Maybe that's why he likes Jesus McDonald so much, okay?
They can kind of bond together with the seniors golf tournament.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's hear it for Greg Reed that finally did something right, okay?
That I have an old hack to do, UM Sports on his station.
He brings in a new guy that we hear is fantastic.
Whatever hell his name is.
What is his name?
Mark, what is it?
Mark Van Damier from the University of Massachusetts.
How do you like that?
Of course everything, nothing in life is perfect.
That's what we brought in what's his name?
Joseph Gatti.
Because we don't want it to be too good.
56670560, I think they're seriously there are dead people in this town.
They have a greater personality than Joseph Gatti.
I mean, that's not even a contest, not even close.
I wouldn't be surprised when we start digging those bodies up to
Marlita Goldvod on Thursday.
Some of those people have like 20 times the personality
that wants his name of God.
Joseph Gatti.
Yeah, him.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello?
Yeah, I don't know what you got to get to the Chicks McDonald's.
Yeah, well, I got to get...
How are you going to be talking like that?
Like some kind of a nerd.
Is that come with a territory?
Oh, just let me finish.
Well, why don't you talk like a human being?
Why don't you start out by saying hello?
How you doing?
Have a great life blowing out your ass.
Something.
I'm sorry.
Instead of starting out like an adversarial, you know,
why can't you be a mench?
I'm sorry.
Hello?
I don't know what mench is, but...
Jesus, great.
I don't want to hear another Jewish little
Shushan boy call my hockey games.
Who's that?
Who's the Jewish Shushan boy?
A little Goldy, whatever it's name is.
Yeah.
So...
How did you know about that job?
Who told you?
I listed to you, we've got Chicks is coming to town.
Chicks is great.
You know about Goldy's a part-time job, though.
That's what I like to know.
Cause I listed over in the morning.
Yeah.
He's alright with hockey, but I was Chicks is great.
Big sucks.
Chicks got canned.
He's so great.
How come he got canned?
Everyone else he ever worked.
How come the playing went up on the lift?
How come they blew his ass out of Toronto in one year?
They laughed his...
The paper shredded him up there.
Well, I like Chicks.
He's a big step up from what we had, though.
That's definitely thank you.
Thank you.
You live a real one thing.
Okay.
See you.
Of course, like I said, a dead man.
You know something I'll tell you even
would have been a big step up.
Chicks a guy.
Well, now you're getting carried away.
Can you imagine Joseph Gackie doing hockey?
That would be the best.
Well, there's a long shot down the ice and I think he stopped it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
See, this market deserves Jigs MacDonald.
He'll be perfect for here.
Because the fans here wouldn't know.
Just like Demetri Tertishney,
how about our sports shows that they may discuss him?
No.
The guy dies in his horrendous accident,
Saturday in his voting accident,
gets his throat slit.
22 years old.
They got a ship his body back to Russia.
Probably buried inside Burian, no doubt.
Any conversation about that on this radio station?
No.
They wouldn't know Demetri Tertishney
from Demetri Miranoff from High and Pupik.
That's what they would know.
So Jigs MacDonald,
fitting her like her love,
they all say,
oh, he's great.
Just like they said about Christina Moore.
People had knew nothing about this sport.
Who had nothing to compare it to,
like somebody who actually called the game.
Instead of sitting there trying to do
sit down comedy for two and a half hours.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
How are you, Neil? How are you doing?
Great.
Listen, I listened to you years ago
when you did serious, serious talk.
And I remember with that Metro rail,
I can remember you screaming against it,
against it that no one's going to use it.
That's why you're right.
Yeah.
And they actually told the people
that if you bought everybody a Cadillac in Day County,
it would have been cheaper than that stupid Metro rail.
That's what even Reagan said.
He don't remember saying it,
but even Reagan said that it could have
had spent about everybody a brand new Cadillac
and spent less than the billion dollars
for a damn train that nobody rides.
Exactly.
And here we go again.
Now they're trying to tell you that if we get money,
the train will go someplace.
Yeah.
Well, guess what?
People out there, Day County.
You're riding a blank check.
A taxi is just a blank check to these guys.
We're going to do what they want with your money.
It's time you're taking full of your own money
and watch what these characters are going to do.
Out.
This is the waste of time down here again.
And waste your money.
God bless you, sir.
Get out there with a megaphone
and a sandwich board and let them have it.
Let me say it again.
It says right here,
not only were the tools on those four roads
disappear temporarily,
but there'll be new tool roads popping up
all over the place number one.
And number two,
there is no guarantee that no Metro rail lines
will ever be built.
You got it.
So even if you love the Metro rail,
even if the end, like somebody called it and said,
yesterday, they have the seven new routes
that they're showing there in yesterday's hero.
Five of them are like in the conceptual.
In other words, they're like in somebody's brain somewhere.
They're thinking about it.
They're peddling you in invisible bill of goods.
They're peddling you if come.
So if you try, this is basically what it boils down to.
If you trust them based on what they've done with your money
over the last 20 years,
if you trust them based on all the corruption you're seeing
and all the ripoffs in the money disappearing here in this town
the last 20 years, go ahead and vote yes.
But if you're a little bit skeptical based on the track record they got,
then just please say,
no.
That's what I say.
I think I'm going to sit here on Thursday and write,
we're going to go in there and
to pot it up right over the game over the Marlin game.
Nobody will notice.
Yeah, that's right.
Right right,
Marlin's game is going to go on here.
I'm just, we'll do a little subliminal programming
on Thursday,
in between every pitch will play.
No, no, no, no, yeah.
And low and outside.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Followed off.
No, no, no, no, no.
He's out.
No, no, no, no.
Yeah, that's right.
In between every God did,
Pitch and Establish,
does anybody here care about that game anyway?
No, no, there it is again.
Yeah.
Anybody listening today?
No, no, no.
Yeah, I got this all planned for Thursday, baby.
No, yeah, there you go.
A little variety there.
All you send you in,
you couldn't do it in a time
where we had a media
that had some backbone.
You could never put this far
so we're on a goddamn public.
I'll tell you that right now.
And even my good close friend,
Howard Clineberg,
after I read that thing,
after we never recalled it,
and I read that thing on a year,
which I'm sorry that I wasted the time reading it.
You know, he had some good points
in there about all the promises
about all these other things
where the money's going to go.
But the fact is,
have a little backbone, Howard.
It's just like what Casino gambling.
Which he admitted to me off the ear,
which I can say I have already said this
that was years ago.
I went back into the days of Miami news.
Howard was the publisher of the Miami news, the editor.
And the editorial said,
no one Casinos,
but that he finally admitted to me
after wrestling with that for years.
He was really in favor of it.
Don't sit on the fence.
We'll let D-Fo be the one.
Let him be lonely.
They're sitting on the fence.
Have a guide them opinion.
You're tempted to vote no.
Don't just be tempted to do it.
Do the smart thing, Howard.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, kid, baby.
Here's a guy named
a thousand cancer gays.
Says the country is moving,
but can't tell which way.
If you're likely that to better
visit the Prius worries,
I'll know.
What time is Chris for all?
He gets the biggest hard on.
More on.
When Brian's movie shows up.
Chris is probably made to be an angel go away.
But I think I feel that there's like
two-clotted day.
To all plays be their problem game.
Got some nice firmly used play.
Oh yeah.
What time is Chris for all?
He gets the biggest hard on.
More on.
Brian's movie shows up.
More on.
Okay, both the blind.
He keeps getting it.
He's always troubled here.
I'm 44 at 5, 60 WQAM.
What good the pizza day from Tony.
Man.
Thanks Brad.
You're the best we've got.
God is just good.
I always try to tell certain people
that it's always a lot better
when you don't pay for it.
And as soon as you finish saying that,
they run like a basket.
Okay, look at this.
Two lines left in the board.
We got 15 minutes to go
until the hopper gets back on your ear here.
Here we have two lines left.
After this,
Monument is show today.
After this ball-busting show,
we got two lines left.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, buddy?
Not much.
I just want to give you a quick call
and let you know I work
with a couple of Jamaican guys.
Yeah.
And the one guy he's totally addicted to.
His cousin just started working here.
And he just, his buddy left
and he put on a DMX CD.
Yeah.
And he comes back in here
and he goes, who the hell turned off Neil?
He runs right over there and puts you back on.
He goes, we don't listen to that CD until two o'clock.
All right.
Yeah, well, you know,
since we started buying all our
Readiness Building from the Jamaicans,
they're like, there's a lot better.
Yeah, and they're not.
Hey, listen, man, he'd really like you
if you could play that Britney Spears song
because he's got a tape all queued up there.
You got it.
Okay, no problem.
All right, Mon.
See ya.
See ya, Mon.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
That one, it says, I'm under age.
So you can't play that.
The commission will get all upset about that.
No doubt.
Jesse Hums will be rattling his spear.
Yeah, he'll be rattling it.
He'll probably be squeezing it or trying to anyway.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60
on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Mobile in Hylia.
Don't you love that?
When you hear the sound of the thing on the outside.
Great.
Okay, he's probably got the phone deep in his neck.
No, it didn't work too good that way.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60
on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, you're absolutely right about this penny tax.
You know, I've been listening to you for many, many years,
and you were on his phone.
It's against the Metro Rail.
And I got just so fed up with Dave County.
I finally just, you know,
going to race.
I said the hell with it.
And I moved out.
I live up in Broward.
And I don't have to deal with that crap anymore.
But, you know, they're going to shove this down.
The people throw some Dave County once again.
And you know what?
You get what you, you know, you, they got what they got
because of panelists and the rest of that, you know,
that whole Cuban organization.
And it's basically a foreign country, you know.
As far as I'm concerned, I can write it off.
I don't have to deal with it.
You're right.
It's a banana boat country with a banana boat.
Matt, you're absolutely correct.
And if the federal government wrote this area off
after the Mario Bolis,
it's the most of it.
It's your daughter, about Florida.
It's a dumping ground.
And you know, both Mike Geek, I told him,
as soon as you finish school,
you're out of here.
Right.
Do not try to go to work in this area
because you'll never succeed unless your name is Rodriguez.
It's a sand state of affairs.
That's what George says.
But that's the way it is.
Okay.
You know what the best.
Good luck, you pal.
Okay, 1600 open lines in the 12 minutes to kill.
Are we going to make it until two?
No.
We're rolling along here just smoking today.
We're smoking at big time, you know what I'm saying?
And all of a sudden, they kind of like Peter Robb
because this town is usual.
They can't keep up with their enthusiasm at long.
That's why Thursday will be perfect.
Okay.
We'll do a similar for two and a half hours here.
And they got that stupid ballgame crap.
That's criminal.
See, if we had a Balsey radio station here,
which we don't,
but if we had a gutsy Balsey management here,
they would say, okay, you're right.
We're going to cross you over on the KISS,
Power 96, something for that last hour and a half.
So we can really have an impact on this town.
We can do something good for the people.
Since the station's located in Dave County, by the way,
just close it up to be the Broward line
that they get a quick getaway.
But nevertheless,
we're located in Dave County.
We ought to be doing some kind of a service here.
Besides putting a bunch of stupid, illiterate ball games on here.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
You hit it right on the head when Chris Moore said that.
He played like JokesTER last year.
You know, a lot.
More on.
Yeah.
What do you mean last year for six years?
Well, yeah, you're right.
But it just got so animated last year
when the panthers were blown out of games.
Him and Randy Moly were just like,
play off each other like two little kids.
You know, it was like, what happened to the game?
Yeah.
You know, he couldn't be he couldn't be bothered
to describe the game, which I thought is what he was getting paid to do.
And the worst part of the deal is to show you what a bunch of geniuses we have
in a panther organization.
They love them.
They begged them to stay to show you what a bunch of morons are running out of it.
I don't understand why.
I don't know this chick McDonald's from from anybody.
Is he good?
He's better than what we had.
Okay, so that's all I can say for him.
He's just step up, but not not a big step.
Not to the top of the illiterate by any means.
Hey, the spokesman's got to go.
Take it easy, Neil.
Okay, this is the last year for the spokesman and his brother too, by the way,
you know, the kindergarten school teacher is brother Terry, TM and BM.
That's what I say no more BM, but we'll get into that in a couple of months and believe me.
They better hope that Pavel Burre's knee heals up real, real good.
And then he has a gigantic season and scores about 63 goals this year because if not,
because they're giving us beside him, you got your Ray Whitney and you got your decent goal,
tending not spectacular, but good enough to win.
And that's it.
That's it.
Mark Parrish will be a good, and that's pretty much it.
10-D-4-2, we got 1,400 open lines as the audience has just finally had it.
They just at the end of their rope.
5-6-7-0-5-60, count 5-60 on the AT&T line.
