Doug, I'm a board!
That's it.
I'm a board!
I'm a board!
I'm a board!
I'm a board!
I'm a board!
I'm a board!
I'm a board!
I'm head of a honda!
Woo!
Pretty healthy, huh?
Oh, yeah.
You were two like that?
He was two of me in one life, so.
Oh, so.
Oh, hey, we're off.
What was that?
I don't know.
As the star here in Miami was two of us.
What was that color?
As the star?
I'm just a man guy.
A man to tell us about yourself.
I don't know what that's coming from.
That was great.
Well, that's because bluff was just in here.
Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
You know, right at the start of the show,
where there's new skates, lies going bluff.
So do you.
Want me to hit the open or not?
I'm gonna put a few now, yeah, let's go.
Sport radio, 560.
Now that you two are my Miami-Ford-Motor-Deliver,
then the Sun-Feed.
You'll Roger Show.
To talk to Neil, call 560-750-560-Toll-Frey.
You were named in Broward.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers,
or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those
of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560-Q-A-F.
Get up.
Get me a lunch morning.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
By the way, they showed up.
I told you.
No, he did not.
Isn't it pleasant surprise?
It glubed it.
Oh, man.
It's unbelievable.
The door too.
So thank you so much.
Above all, GarageDuring Parts, you do a great job, and if you're a GarageDuring Parts
goes to the screen, fluid, these are the people to call.
And also thanks to what's your guys name that you have the thing in there which I don't have his name,
and you better come back and fix my thing.
Scott, Scott the Plumber.
Well, we'll give him the whole plug when he finishes doing the job.
Here's a great letter to the editor in the SunCendle this morning, by the way.
Why is it great? Well, you listen. I'll tell you why.
Alan Wakerling of Plantation Rights.
Editorial on target.
I want to commend the editorial staff for your October 23rd editorial regarding the Southern Baptist Criticism of other religions.
I don't often agree with you about tutorials, but I do agree with this one.
You have stated my opposition to many of the Christian religions.
All right. I know you'll receive many letters especially from Southern Baptist criticizing your position,
but I want you to know that there are people who agree with you, and I am one of them where it's Alan B Wakerling.
In Plantation, let's hear it for Alan.
Alan, let's go.
Like the majority of people with a brain.
If you want to believe in fairy tales, fine.
No problem, okay?
Just don't try to make everybody else an offer that they can't refuse and give us this song in a dance.
Well, we're going to do this. This isn't what you don't have to do it, okay?
Just stop being so intolerant.
Such a bunch of goddamn finger pointers, okay?
Is that okay?
No.
I knew you'd say that.
Speaking of assholes, by the way, how about the hoots by this John Henry?
Here is a desperate, desperate man.
Henry's new park pitch.
This is right on the front page of the Herald today, along with the article about how we got the Fox investigating the chicken coop now.
Oh, yeah. Mayor Pina says that he's going to get a panel.
He's picked a panel to investigate my international, not that the Herald brought him out of the closet.
That's right. They have to have an independent authority or private company to investigate the chicken coop.
And of course, this is the same mayor by the way whose name is mentioned every other paragraph and at 85 part series about the scandal at my international.
He's going to get this group together and they're going to investigate and make sure that everything's kosher.
Then later, by the way, in the same newspaper today in the business section, here's a big, big, big thing.
I haven't seen a thing this big in a long time.
A bumpy takeoff at MIA. American Airlines begins first phase of construction.
Here's American Airlines chairman Don Carty with plans for the Miami World Gateway terminal.
I mean, it is massive. It is huge. It is vivid.
Unbelievable. Americans, con course.
Listen, you've got to have a lot of room for all the hamgrapes in the heroin, you know? For all the Rugrats.
Can you imagine with this big of a thing how much can go on in?
God, they can have a multi-trillion dollar drug smuggling operation going on over there then.
Americans, con course, will feature 150 ticket counter positions, 17 security check-in points,
and automated people over the system of the capacity of 74,000 riders a day,
one and a half miles of moving walkways, and improved baggage claim, and the best part of the deal is it only costs 5.4 billion dollars.
Alright, piece of cake, baby.
As we reward American Airlines for being so much on time and caring so much about the customers,
and for the hand grenades, and the heroin and the Rugrats, the ramparts, whatever the hell they are, the Rugrats.
We'll get back to that. But anyway, John Henry, a desperate, desperate man,
even though he's not in it for the money, you don't understand that, don't you?
You don't want to make no profit. You don't understand that.
Well, he tried his best to do it the other way, and everybody said, no.
I think it's going to be real, real interesting.
First of all, to see if there's any response, and of course later that's a real good question.
But now he says the public will pay to build a stadium, or at least most of the cost, but then he's going to give 90% of the profits
after being adjusted for inflation, of course.
Back to the community. An offer we're not supposed to be, and back to the community to support quality of life projects,
like parks. How do you like that? You think they're buying this?
No.
Oh, yeah. Politicians, they're not too upset about this as a matter of fact, they're saying it sounds phenomenal.
Andrew Zimbalis, no relation to Ephraim, says it's extraordinary and unbelievable.
Deal. Andrew Zimbalis, a Smith College economics professor, who's author of baseball and billions,
and a critic of public finance stadiums. No one has ever done this before he says.
He was quick to caution, however, that the as yet undeveloped the tales of the proposal or critical,
how are the profits to be counted by whose accountants? And of course, when you say by whose accountants,
keep in mind the very creative financing and accounting that's been done by Wayne Hypinga before and Alba John Henry now,
in addition to which it says in the same article, the Marlins are expected to break even this year.
Didn't I tell you about Montreal?
Then average like 9,000 people attendance again, the worst in the majors, and they still broke even.
And they got like a rosy future coming up because they didn't lose any money last year.
The Marlins expect to break even this year. So what would have been wrong if they lost 20 or 30 million
like all these other sports franchises because he don't want to do that?
So a lot of creative financing going in there and the sad part of it is people like Fort Lauderdale Mayor Jim Nagel,
says the proposal would sue the public skeptical of donating millions to a millionaires team.
And many of the politicians are jumping right on the bad bag and saying, oh yeah, sounds good to me.
Here's the excuse we've been waiting for to embrace this deal.
Now let's start taxing the public and come up with all kind of creative ways and maybe we can get a chunk of this too for our pet projects.
Do you think any of this money is going to go to the school?
Oh, by the way, speaking of school, did you see the story this morning?
Silver Bluff, I wrote it down.
Silver Bluff Elementary School in the Dead County in Miami.
They got no money for security guards. So the principal is like cut it down to like one part time security guard
and the parents are having a nervous breakdown. Does anybody care?
No. Of course, with everything that's going on right now, it's a real good idea to cut down on security guards in school.
So I just think that's a real good idea.
We don't have money for security guards to watch your kids at school.
We don't have money for textbooks. We don't have money for lunches so that all the kids can get fed in school.
But we are going to have money to build a stadium for John Henry.
And he's going to give it back to us a big chunk of it so we can build more parks and things like that.
Sounds good to me, right? I say let's jump on a bad mic. Let's go. Let's do it.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
No, you got our vote, baby. Let's hop right in there with John Henry.
Come on. No. Yeah.
You'll see the tremendous response to this. It's going to be overwhelming like everything else in this stuff.
Oh, by the way, speaking of overwhelming, just a last footnote. I want to dwell on this again. I've spent too much time, even though I do take personal or front of this whole golf tournament situation.
Is this disaster this fraud?
So our sales manager, I don't want to mention Lou Ann Winnick on the air again screw in, calls up Tracy Caraceto, our former promotion assistant, whatever the hell his title was in Boston.
Who doesn't even work here anymore and says, if anything goes wrong with his golf thing, if there's any bad fallout, you're going to take the fall for it, Tracy.
The same Tracy you took the fall for Senator Roy Foster in here that day.
Roy! Carry on while I was on the air about this golf tournament and about how come we can't bring OJ, et cetera and so on.
I just want to put that out there for the public record that this psychotic bitch is continuing all over the country.
Now people that don't even work here anymore, you're going to take the fall because if there's any fallout, you're not here anymore anyway.
So you know, you can take the fall.
Nice going, sweetheart.
10 past 10 at 560 WQM.
No forcing of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM, easily re-equivisioned court.
I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
One, two, three, four, five, come on over honey now, come and take our drive to my big house in Chathacquah.
We can both get juiced and maybe a little time on my wife's on business.
She's out for a week, I'm like a kid and a candy store.
It's time to achieve that chastred soul.
My dog's so good at it.
So you remember, little Billy, you're leaning parapetizing.
It's going to be a wild time at my home in New York.
Just beneath the island, cheating like a sport.
I'm just my wife, so good.
Coming over honey now, blow on my trumpet.
A little bit of mama dust in my glass.
A little bit of mama dust without my wife.
A little bit of mama dust, what I see.
When she's far away, that's yellow and grey.
A little bit of mama dust, what I need.
A little bit of mama dust, memory.
A little bit of mama dust, here I am.
A little bit of you on my happy man.
1015 to 5.50 WQAM.
I am a little bit later on going to talk about one of my favorite topics.
I will get the facts machine going again.
And all of the NRA people will be sending their facts.
I can't wait to even play the sound.
The NRA people start sending the facts again.
Oh, you don't understand Neil.
And you better take another look at that second amendment.
And you better be, but I will, but I will.
Yeah.
Reassess your values, God damn it, Mr.
because it's the un-American F and way.
What you're saying here.
Gunman kills two minutes of the battle boat shot.
He walked in very calmly, shot four employees at the boat repair company,
killing two of them.
And this right on the heels of this wacko out in Hawaii.
And of course, Honolulu, you know, it's way out there in the middle of the Pacific.
I've been there many times.
It's a beautiful place, but it's far away.
So you need to care about that at all?
No.
No.
Investigators mystified at Hawaii office massacre.
Reporters say Brian, you are sugi after killing seven men.
Wave goodbye to a coworker.
Bye-bye.
Be saying you.
See, just what we need, Jack Lorden, the son of a bitch is dead, you know what?
Just what we need him.
And he's dead, even with the bad hair piece.
Bye-bye.
See you.
Be saying you.
Isn't that what the prisoner said?
Be saying you.
Patrick McGoen, maybe he knows him.
A search of his home, by the way, found 11 handgun, five rifles.
I see Jack Gunn.
The first time I checked Honolulu, he was in Hawaii.
And Hawaii is the 50th state or whatever it is.
Isn't it the 50th or 49th?
Yeah, 50th.
I know.
Well, what cares about Alaska, you know?
That was just to get the Russians' piste.
It's big, it's huge, it's gigantic, and Alaska too.
Yeah, 11 handgun, five rifles and two shotguns.
See, the fact that we have all these guns laying around this is not why people get killed.
In addition to which, by the way, you with sugi's father, Hero, said his son had undergone
anger management counseling after threatening a supervisor and damaging an elevator door in 1993.
Don't you love that?
That's even better than closure.
Anger management.
In other words, what we do is with crazy irresponsible people who are out of control.
We send them for anger management counseling.
I guess it didn't work.
Huh?
I guess we might say that in this particular case, it didn't work.
Because there's a bunch of dead people now.
And then the same, this is on page 21 in the hero.
I mean, it's all over the place, but you have to kind of search for the good stuff.
Here's a whole list of the mash.
These are shootings in 99, not individual shootings, because it would take the whole newspaper to list those.
But these are mash shootings, which have become as American as apple pie.
What is that, by the way, is that your bonus check?
What is that?
What's your show?
Oh, right now, this is your employee of the month check.
Ahahahaha.
Whoa!
I'm overwhelmed.
Oh, end of your $1.
And my summer book bonus.
Oh, and my summer book bonus.
Oh, I got it.
Now, I'm a little bit more impressed.
Me too.
Where's your bonus?
Is that in there?
Didn't they throw you a bonus?
Yeah, maybe they saw these hour by hour's how that bluuck just gave me.
Oh, there goes bluff, getting on my nugget again, huh?
They'll be writing a little memo.
They'll make a little drawings on the doors again, the children from the morning show.
I got news for you.
Better be spending your time more constructively after I look at these hour by hour numbers.
From this, from the last three rating books, by the way.
I, you know, we better make copies of this and plaster them all over the walls, all over the building.
Which I usually don't do stuff like that.
It's childish and juvenile.
But when you work here, why not be like everybody else?
And plaster these all over the wall.
Which I'll get to those in a little bit.
Oh, I will.
I'll get to those numbers.
12 plus and then 25 to 54 hour by hour.
I mean, you talk about something that just stands right out.
Even John Holmes, the very thing that stood right out like this, like these numbers.
In the middle of a Russ Oasis of numbers.
So instead of making little drawings of me and Bluff on the ground or whatever to help we're doing in that picture.
And all this other crap about getting off Niels Nugget and getting all upset because some innocuous line he wrote in the memo
and making him go into his office and cry and rewrite them, I'm oh, what you did both.
Instead of that, how about working on that guy, the show there in the morning, okay?
Because obviously when it's seen these numbers, it could sure use some work.
You know, George and I were talking about, I'm getting sidetracked, but this is very good.
We were talking about this before.
When I first came here and I began to see all the people.
In fact, when we really, when it hit us big, was last January.
Remember, they're getting ready for the Super Bowl.
So they like shoved us out and everybody else out down in the second floor.
Because Greg was trying to impress everybody with what a big shot he was.
And he was too embarrassed to have all these out of town sports, medium ogles.
Come in and see that toilet over there.
The bug infested, right infested, his handcuffs to call it, joy over there in Sheridan Street.
And so at that point, we began to see all the people that work on the other shows here.
The morning show has got 173 people that work on that show.
Plus the three guys on the air.
Hank's show has got 142 people that work on that show.
Plus Hank and their clearance when he's sitting in there holding somebody's hand.
It's staggering to me.
Now I got news for it, like Howard, for example, Howard's got a lot of people working on that show with him.
He's got Rob and he's got Jackie to joke we're used to have.
He's got Boy Gary.
He's got this one.
You know, he's got crazy stuttering John.
He's got plus, of course, all the other technical people.
He's got a whole crap, a Cox, he's army.
But at least he's got big numbers in every market that he's in.
He's kicking ass.
He's making millions of dollars for the people who are putting him on air.
I'll say that for him.
But I mean, if you're going to take 242 people to do a show,
if you're going to have a massive production like that,
I have 300 people to do a radio show, I mean, there better be some big payoff at the end.
You know what I'm talking about?
There better be some big guy named Numbers there.
You better have a generate some kind of an audience.
When I take a look at these like 12 plus numbers, which is the entire audience.
And I see in the summer rating book 9 to 10 am a 2.1, big share.
And then at 10 o'clock it becomes a 6.3 share.
I have to raise one eyebrow.
I have to do it with my finger because I can't do it by myself.
Like some people who can automatically do that.
So with my middle, with my most important finger,
I raise my right eyebrow.
Two, three inches up there in the air saying,
there's something wrong there, somewhere.
So you guys there in the morning, you 423 guys at work on a morning show.
Instead of worrying about Austin and Blossom,
silly memo that bluff wrote in all your paranoia about me.
Just get back to business and start taking care of matters on here, okay?
And try to book those guys up a little bit.
Be fat thing up a little.
Let's not pickin' on my good friend, Jigs MacDonald.
Just because we all wanted to get the job.
You didn't get the job.
Is he going to get the job?
No, he should have gotten the job to him play by play.
Because he would have been great.
I think he would have been excellent.
I was all for him.
I was on his side, which is probably why I didn't get it.
They bring in this old, funny, dirty, who happens to be.
We were talkin' this morning out in the hallway about the difference, okay?
Because I heard them play when I got in the car this morning.
Jigs MacDonald, which I was coming home from Pomato Park last night.
Just at the opportune moment there,
at the beginning of the third period,
Panthers are down to the one.
And my boy Ray Whitney, nice go on Ray!
Pies up the game.
Maybe the thing is in the, we gotta get a hold of that.
Jigs call on it.
Yeah, he's talking about some, well, the Panthers,
there's a delayed penalty coming up.
And now the Panthers are gonna have it to it.
The Panthers are just tied up to get it.
It's just, it's unbelievable.
And it's just amazing.
And so we were talkin' this morning about like, you know,
the fact that Chris Moore was terrible on the air,
and he was an asshole.
Jigs is terrible on the air, but he's a great guy.
I love Jigs, he's a super guy.
He's awful on the air.
Much better than Chris Moore, but he's still awful and doesn't describe what's going on.
I'm driving home and I'm listening to this with the four eyebrows raised up in the air,
and later on in the third period, Tom Pote of the Orlas gets hit in the head with a puck.
And I thought that play it stop because Jigs is describing,
well, it looks like his home, and I'm thinking like he got injured seriously.
And then all of a sudden, he yells, oh, and Trevor Kidmix is from end to save
at the other end of the ring.
And I'm thinking, you know, I'm thinking at that point?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are we gonna get that from those guys who know?
I guess we probably won't get that now that I'm in the church and the thing,
if it's in there.
Now that I mentioned that, I'm at 2.1 and then 9 to 10 now.
It probably is.
I do have to buy this.
Hey, I'm not responsible for those numbers, okay?
In the spring book before that, it was only a tutu, you know?
Remember the guys that used to have a tutu on IOD?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah, I remember.
And if you're on a sports station, the last thing you want to be seen wearing is a tutu.
You know, it's just not good for the image.
It's not good to butcher up the image, you guys, a tutu.
So maybe a two one is better than a tutu.
I'm a ramblin' man.
I'm just full of it mainly because I can start talking a little bit today.
Even though I'm going to go see my new doctor friend just for the hell of it.
Just have him take some blood.
I love giving blood.
And just go in there and find out all these different.
I love the numbers.
You know, I'm a numbers guy.
I love radio numbers.
I love blood test numbers.
I don't know why.
It's just something that Dittle will, you know?
There's nothing wrong with having something to Dittle with.
So George is going to go out there and look now for that Jigsmack Donald thing,
which we desperately have to have.
Now they got it.
Is it in there?
Yeah, they're looking.
Oh, they're looking for it.
Maybe they're looking for the rest of that audience too from that to the two point.
Well, whatever was.
Sure they were good to us.
I beg your pardon?
That's it.
How you doing?
That would give it to us.
Or I'll read the rest of these numbers.
How's that?
Huh?
Yeah.
I'll read the 12th, the men 25 54 numbers if they don't give that to us.
Then the really, then Bifold would jump off the top of the goddamn building.
Oh no, he plays it safe.
He'll jump out of the first floor window.
You know, Bifold is kind of like, you're riding the fence.
It was right there at 8 o'clock this morning, by the way,
that they played that.
Right there at 8 o'clock, Donnie B., who looks really especially,
certainly this morning.
Well, he's upset that we're ripping his good friend Chris more in the hallway.
He has a thing for Chris.
26 after 10 at 5, 60 WLQAM, whatever it is.
So I got my bonus check already.
Woo!
Got these bastards trained, huh?
By the way, did I mention that screw-and called up Tracy Caroseito in Boston,
who don't even work here anymore?
Did I mention that?
Telling him he'd better be prepared to be the fall guy for all this crap from this scandalous golf tournament.
How do you like that?
Trouble making, psychotic bitch!
Wow, but at least he's consistent.
2AM's got the coach.
He's got a shot.
We got a chance.
It's been a bit better than that.
He's in love.
Here on Sports Radio 5, 60 WLQAM.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
He is a resectical political commentator.
The conservative economic paradigm tells us the year 2000 election will be won.
I'll get off it, George.
Let's just drop the pizza.
She's the free third of the business to quote Winston Churchill outtake mine with copious amounts of pepperoni.
And they just happened to be roommates.
George, you left the toilet seat up again.
You're a feminist, my dear.
Live with it.
George, F. Will and Grace.
Right after stupidly season.
Thursday, this fall on NBC.
1031 to 532 WLQAM.
How about those Maple Leafs?
By the way, baby.
I threw them up one goal in the last four games.
I threw them up a kick and ass.
Last night, first place in Eastern Conference.
Tried for first in the league.
In the points.
God, are they kicking some serious ads?
Uh-huh.
So anyway, I'm coming home from the track last night.
Got my radio on here on 560 WQAM.
Your Panther intensive station.
Because the Panther Edmonton game is on right.
And of course, I couldn't be watching any of it at the track because unfortunately sports channel off Florida's digital now.
And it's not on the cable systems up there.
Or it's not on the in-house, whatever the hell.
It's not on the big dish.
So I hear Jigs McDonald here.
Whitney and Melinda be across the Edmonton line.
Whitney, how did you get to Melinda be?
That's in.
Shoot.
Good stuff by Settle.
The puck close and clear out of there by Jason Smith.
Even my eye was battling for it.
It was knocked down another penalty call coming.
Pitchers have just pointed out.
I shot off the left side.
A piece with the face off.
It's goodbye to the wizard.
Hey Whitney, I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
I'm the game of true peace.
There's no question about that.
Why they brought that illiterate dumb frog in here
Who's still there by the way saying illiterate dumb things on the telecast
Then he's popped out because Bill Torey is obsessed with him.
And that's why James McDonald came in here because again, Bill Torey
Going back to those islander days
Remember those days a hundred years ago when the islanders had the great team
Who's there about to this band anyway
And so we get to his McDonald.
Instead of taking a young guy like Gildi
Who was pressed into service last year when Christina warmest the plane
Or whatever the hell I feel was
And had to do that Ranger game
And did a magnificent job under a lot of pressure with no advanced preparation
Did a really good job
And that was before I even liked him
And I still say did a good job
And so we were pushing for him because here you know you got a young franchise
You got a young guy that you want to who could be the panther announcer on the radio
For the next 20 or 30 years
You develop some new talent
Instead of bringing back some old retread, tired old hack
Who will do a thing like that
Like I've never heard anything like that in my life
The panthers have just tied it up
Well what does that mean?
See once the moment is gone once you've blown it so to speak
That's what Monica always said once you've blown it
It's kind of like anti-climactic what happens after that
You know what I'm saying?
Squared squirrega at the climactic moment is gone
When you're listening to what sporting event especially on a radio
Forget about TV because at least TV you can see it
But on the radio the guy's supposed to make that moment exciting
But when the moment is already gone
And he's saying oh it just happened you know it's like uh you know
Yeah like that like a frog's fart is how it goes over
Not too good Jigs pretty disappointing
That's all I can say bitterly disappointed
In his work so far
Great guy like I said
Unlike Chris Moore who was a real real slimy asshole
I mean one of the most in fact him and Skooann would have made a good pair
Why couldn't they have a loop together you know what they would have been great
Maybe it's still not too late
Like I've told you before when you used to why we used to be at the Miami arena
You'd see him frumping up and down the stairs
Not walking but frumping up here
His body language would tell you that he was like a born loser that was Christina Moore
And a real sour attitude and a backstabber and paranoid and delusion
And Joe Rose this morning told me that I've never affected anybody in this joint
Like I affected Chris Moore he was psychotic about me and I said
All right that made my whole day even more than this sub-ownership I just
Put in my pocket
So all these assholes like the ones we had yesterday which I love those calls hopefully we'll have some today
Oh you're all done Neil why don't you leave right now
Those guys
Same boring stuff
You know I just popped a big fat one in my wallet
Yeah I just popped a big fat one
Squirt Squirt
And the check two
And these numbers that I was just handed here these hour by hour are staggering consistently staggering
And guess what we'll continue to be consistently staggering
How do you like that?
I like it they stand out here like
And I remember those books that I OD for about a hundred years I've been doing this
Not that I want to pat myself on the back do I
Oh like I said I want to pat myself on the back because it feels pretty good
God I wish I had longer arms you know
Oh yeah there we go not badening up for
Oh look at that I'm getting vibrations from it
Not bad it feels pretty good keep going don't stop now
Yeah
What's wrong with that
That's a strange expression isn't patting yourself on the back I like that
That's I love the you know
Or you could pat yourself on the
Where do you want to pat yourself maybe on the back to sports station
Let's pat ourselves on the rear man
That's a sports thing or I'll start that again they get real nervous about that
That's one of my 600 topics I brought up over the last 40 years
That nobody will talk about because you're too embarrassed
Aren't you embarrassed about that
All these macho he men out there that you admire so much
And they're patting each other on the back to ask
What is that all about
I sure is strange to me
For a hundred years I've been asking to tell me one other profession
One other area of endeavor politics
Medical profession
Law anything you name it to me
Where men grown men pat each other on the ass
And has anybody been able to give me one
No no
Other than maybe in a tea room somewhere
No
We're the undercover cops trying to get real close to his friend
Well anyway we got that undercover stop cops today too
About that cherry guy
Not done cherry some other cherry guy
Security guard in the schools
What was this guy's name?
Maurice Cherry
And I guess this cop was somebody was button somebody's cherry
And evidently got into big hot water about it
And it comes to find out it's all a bunch of crap
And even one of the cops on tape only surveillance from this so-called sting
This entrapment deal was caught saying on tape
He's not cooperating at all he's putting Larry off
His Larry the cop was trying desperately to entice him to grab his
F***ing privates
The colligated Larry has really worked in this guy
I'm receiving Dave County police funds for this
Question mark
As they were busy entraping this guy
And destroying his life
That's your police working action
But while we got all these guns laying around
And people really don't know what he's doing
Oh look at that that's a good sign
No factors yet from the NRA people yet
The gun crazy people, the gun huggers, the gun lovers
I say if we find anybody who owns the 11 handguns
Five rifles and two shotguns
I say lock them up immediately without sooner
No sane person owns the 11 handguns
Five rifles and two shotguns
Or a partridge in a pear tree
How do you like that?
That's what Dave Acacity told me
Or was it Danny Bonedoucce Bay
So wait wait I mentioned that Luan called the audit
Crazy Curricenter
Should have seen the look on Joe Costello's face when he heard that this story
This morning wow it was almost as enthusiastic as when I gave him the 200 bucks for that employee of the month deal
And you notice see I don't make anybody wait
I come through right away
I hand him the cash
There you go, here's two big ones Joe
He deserves it
He does deserve it, he's a good guy
Does a lot of work for us, he does a lot of work around the joint
Even if he isn't that auto-racing crap
But he can't help it since it makes him nuts to this place
And they sales people has to be able to sales holes of it
He deserves it, that's why every little extra bone comes my way
I throw it over to Joe
They throw it to me, I toss it to him
He puts it down the hallway, they kick it in the net
And the pantheon just tied the game
Nice going there, Jigs
What the...
Oh come on, that's nice going Ray, let's hear it for Ray Whitney
He got your Ray Whitney in Palm, El Burre
Burre scores Whitney ties again, but nobody else is scoring on that team
You got Victor Coslo, useless, Robbie Needham, our useless, Scott Melon, the useless, Oleg Cavasia, useless, Radic DeVore, useless
Other net to doing pretty good
Boy, am I just worked up in 5M, I'm psychotic today
24-11 at 560 WQM
Oh, don't bomb a new bomb, but she's a little
Juge Juge, Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Are you?
Juge Juge, nice booty
A bomb, a bomb, a loob of each half of the noon, now with you on a few
Juge Juge knows what to do
Oh, she'll yell at you too
When trouble starts to ruin
Being popular in touch, I've seen all the rest
But Juge is the one that does it best, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge, Juge Juge
Juge Juge Juge Juge
Juge Juge Juge Juge
Juge Juge Juge
Juge Juge Juge
1046 and 560 WQA
I'm happy Thursday to you
We're having a big party over here
We're having a big rating celebration today
Bonus is Jokas Dulles
Walking around with cash in his hand
Georgia, of course, on the other hand is still sitting there waiting for his
And the bonus too
Yeah, well, certainly they'll give it to you by Christmas
Before Christmas, wouldn't they?
I mean, it's a holiday time, why'd you go in and have to go out and spend a lot of money this time of the year?
Don't you think they're going to give it to you before Christmas?
No!
Anyway, here's the fact, and it's not even about the, uh, and our real about crazy people with guns
Let me say it again, okay, any country that's got crazy people running around with collections of guns all over the place
People that have got real temper problems
People that have got all kinds of personality defects
Running around with a bunch of guns
We'll never be a great country
We'll never be of anything but a barbaric slaughterhouse
Welcome to America, by the way
Thank you, but anyway, here's the facts
It says I've had two bypasser dreams of hip replacement and new knees
I fought prostate cancer and diabetes, I'm half blind, can't hear anything quieter than a jet engine
Take 40 different medications that make me dizzy, winded and subject to blackouts
I have bouts with dementia, I have poor circulation and can hardly feel my hands and feet anymore
I can't remember if I'm 82 or 92 and I've lost all my friends
But thank God, I still have my Florida drivers license
Oh, that's great! Perfect for this town, baby, you know what I mean?
I think you do
Yeah
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50
I think we need to take care of this John Henry business and find out if he's winning any over new friends
No, friends here with his new deal, that's right, he's going to give us up to 90%
He's not telling us how much money it's going to be, and of course still it's too early to find out where it's going to go
And whose pocket it's going to get to, and of course we still have no idea who's going to come up with the money
To build all the access roads and all that money it's going to take, and of course to displace all the businesses
And the people who are going to be moved from wherever the hell this is going to be built in downtown for a lot of day
Or wherever it's going to be, have we come up with the answers for any of that? No!
Is it going to pay for those things? No! No!
But here's a desperate man who obviously can smell the feet, I mean there is no doubt
You have to be a moron not to realize that the support for that new day, except for Tim Smith up there for a lot of day
Who just happens from the rumor mill to own some land, you know, some property
And that the stress part of downtown for a lot of day, let's be so gun-hoaf of the new state even
Except for him and a couple of other bozos, nobody seems to be in favor of this deal
Politicians, Luke Warms would be an understatement, okay? They're all basically saying get lost
No! No!
Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello
Hey Neil, my God, how are you doing? Yes sir, did you happen to watch a date line last night? No, I did not
Oh, it was beautiful. The people magazine, Man of the Year
Yeah, we already know that sir
Oh, I thought I didn't hear about that
Am I about to put the Mayor Piennes? No!
Man of the Year? People magazines, Man of the Year, Richard Geer
Yeah? I just thought that was amazing
Maybe they're animal lovers, they're people magazine
They also have Mayor Piennes as one of the sexiest politicians in the world
So honestly, they're tasteless in their rectum like the gerbals
The passport office
Okay
567-0560, pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line, out of town line at statewide line, 877-785-0
877-785-6345, there's just a tremendous outpouring on his John Henry business
That he's now coming up with this new scam about how he's going to give the people back 90% of the profits
And we're going to build parks and all this other good stuff and bird cages, things like that
Look at the tremendous response we're getting here so far today
Here's Boka, hello
Good morning, Neil
Yes sir, I can't believe John Henry hasn't figured it out yet
I mean, it's right in front of him, a money making venture for this stadium that he wants
If the government continues to keep guns legal, then there's no reason why they wouldn't legalize this
It's similar to the lottery
Yeah, you start this lottery-like scenario
Where every day instead of filling out a lottery card with numbers on it
This card has boxes next to cities in the United States
In other words, you have Dallas, List, you have Boston, Seattle, Honolulu, whatever
And what the participant is doing, they're trying to guess
Where the next workplace or school shootings going to take place
Because it's bound to happen
Just an idea for John Henry, I don't know
It seems to be where we're headed right now with all these shootings
Also, one other thing
The Play-by-Play Man for the Panthers you were talking about on the radio?
Yes, what's his name?
I have no idea what his name is
I'm not a big hockey fan, I'll admit that
But I was just wondering, you know, have you ever done Play-by-Play?
Sure
In hockey, you have done it?
Yes sir, I have
I don't know, maybe the guy just made a mistake last night
I'm just calling him in defense of hell
What do you mean by that, he just made a mistake?
Well, I only heard the clip you played about 10 minutes ago
You never made a mistake when you were doing Play-by-Play?
That's not the point, that's just one example
I also mentioned another one where he was talking about a guy getting hit in the middle with a puck
And somebody almost scored and he just had stopped describing the action
And he described that after it happened
You can't describe something on a radio long after it happened
You have to keep up with the play
I mean, you don't even know the guy's name and you're defending him
Sir?
Yes sir, what is his name?
I just told you, I don't know his name
I was just saying, he named me a hockey player by a play announcer, a good one
A hockey player by a play announcer?
Right
Ah, the guy on the SPN
What's his name?
He used to do the main black bears
And for some reason the name is Skate Bears
The name is like bears, that's the guy that drowned, he's dead
Well, this is the same guy, he's not here for that name
That's the guy that's dead
He does baseball in NHL
What's his name?
You're not talking about, I'm not talking about Tom Mees
No, I don't know who you're talking about Gary Thorne
Gary Thorne
Yeah
Well, you're proving your point, I couldn't...
Great, that's a good point
Okay, have a great day, okay
Woo!
This just ain't the week for the phones baby, I'll tell you that right now
Is this the week for the phones?
No, it's been deadly
I don't know what's going on here this week, it's another one of these phases, man
The moon is in your rain or something like that
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45, 7, 8, 5, Niel on the Florida Line
Really grim
Here's Miami, hello
Yeah, hey Niel, how's it going?
Okay
Good man, I just turned my radio on a little while ago
And mistakenly I put it on Channel 610, on Channel 610
On the station and by...
I couldn't believe what I was hearing
Apparently they have this lorry, slushing girfs, I call it a flattened German
They get in desperate to compete with you
What does that mean? They're getting desperate to compete
She's been on one of their stations for two years now, three years
I didn't know that
Because I normally just listen to your show
Right
I can't believe they put this crap on the radio
What do you mean they just make what's on the other stations?
I don't understand, what does that have to do with us?
It doesn't have anything to do with just as a little...
Well, what did you want to talk to me about sir?
Let's talk about us
I just want to tell you that I truly enjoy your show
Okay, thank you so much, okay
Wooo! Like I said, baby!
Get to the bank right now at that check
5, 6, 7, over
You know what I'm going to do from now on
Instead of wasting my time trying to make these people call
I'm just going to come in here every day expecting a check every day
And then I'll say, okay, I'm going to do a little monologue for half an hour
And then I'm going to the bank
Stick it in there
Come in next day, do a little monologue, go to the bank, stick another check in there
Couple of months of that, and I'll come in one day and do the final monologue
Okay, see ya, yeah, that's the only way to do it
I mean, these people are in a coma
I just brought up 50,000 of the most goddamn
Sintillating things in the history of mankind
Mayor Penis, the fox guarding the chicken coop at the airport
We got the goddamn crazy mass shootings
Both in Seattle and in Honolulu the other day
Everybody in their brothers running around shooting up and nobody gives a goddamn crap
We got John Henry, who now is desperate
He wants to give the goddamn money back
He doesn't want any profit
He's trying to like make you an offer you can't refuse
Does anybody care about any of these things?
No
We got James McDonnell, but just a guy don't even...
He doesn't even know the guy's name
He doesn't know Gary Thorne from Gary E. Carter
Boy, talk about a Thorne in your side
It's like they got a copy of the day about Peter Warnell or whatever they could call them
Peter Warner
The big black guy named Peter
I mean, Jesus, don't we have anybody in this town who knows anything about anything?
No, no
Jesus Christ
All those 18, 19,000 people that showed up in a Macarena every night last year
And the 14,000 or 13 that are showed up this year
And they're like more than 10 of us to know anything about who these guys are
No
What it's all about?
No
But we got a hockey team, baby
Here's a mobile in the Gables, hello
Hey, I'm in Wester now
Here's a mobile in Wester, yes sir
Who's counting?
Here's the wicket
Let me see if I can add a little something to this O. McDonnell call last night
Robbie Needham is sitting in the crease
And the Edmonton Euler player
I guess checks him right in the chest
And he flies feet first out of the crease
The referee behind the goal immediately signals a penalty
Meanwhile, O. McDonnell and also Jeff Rimming
Is calling, oh there's a penalty
The pencil is on a part
Boom and the Edmonton player clears the puck to Whitney
Whitney shoots in school
There's stuff they're right in there, yeah
Even Jeff Rimming missed it
Did he?
Rimmer blew it too, huh?
Oh my God, I was watching
I was watching a lot of them going on last night
But anyway, that's kind of how it would be
George has got a big smile on his face
Because you rip and rip and rip and rip and it's like a poison
Listen, both the radio and the television apparently were calling the penalty rather than following the puck
That's why it's called
And when a guy gets behind, you know, you got to keep up with it
You can't do all this just like that bill climps on there the other night though on ESPN
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
I mean, he don't even let the play by play guys say anything
And any forces that got to get behind
This is the problem that you encounter
You got to keep up with it baby, you got to keep it up
Neal, and hockey is it better just to have the play by play guy rather than having to get these colored guys out of there
That's what I say
Get the other guys out of there
Exactly, hit the like guy sport
I'm not Neal
Okay, see you, thanks for the good news
So even remember Bluert last night
Wow
Stop twirling in this snorkeling, whatever you're doing
Yeah, 1057 at 560 WQM
WQM, my enemy, we caught her tail
We ain't gonna be with her tail
And try to clear each and every
He was fencing his fight
He ain't gonna be with her tail
No
He ain't gonna be with her tail
No, hit it every and every
Lord, put you back when he was a kid
Woo-hoo-hoo, it wasn't a day to say
You're the only one in the head
He was the white house to be all big
Like a big cat, you're a cat
So he can be big
He's the white thing
He's the white house to be all big
He's the white house to be all big
That's the way it's all
I don't know if it's nobody that I did today
No, it's nobody that I did today
Woo-hoo-hoo, it wasn't a day to say
You're the only one in the head
It's 1102 at 560 WQM
560, 705, 60, pound 560
On the AT&T line, 877, 785 Neal on the out of timeline
And by the way you'll notice
The other one is George
That's a good news
I like that around here
Here's a mobile and open park
Hello
Did you ever think about stop the whining about the...
That's that asshole again
Yeah, the burst tender guy
Yeah, that's what it is
560, 785, we just can't get any real calls this week
We just have game players and products and cracks
And assholes and idiots and mouth content
I would have missed that on a calendar
But that's all we've had this week
I'd say like 90% is what we've had
Like this guy, this idiot, the burst tender junior
Here's Miami, hello
Yeah, sir
Hey buddy, first time caller
I got a question for you
I just bought the best of Neal tape
Yes, sir
The only deal with the picture of hope
That big is great
But I'm trying to get a hold of your older stuff
And I mean a hard time of call center one
A timing hard time doing that
I'd like to make a glass for a shameless request
But it's hard that I want to hear that I'm looking for
Yeah
The word about the OJ
That's for a spicy and Dyson Dilton know all that
Slicing and Dyson?
Yeah, the one like Neal Armstrong thing
And a Louis Armstrong, I'm sorry
Oh, hack the wife
Yeah, exactly
You got it, baby
Thanks a lot, partner
Okay, see ya
See ya, Pally
560-050560, hack this, we'll play it
And the POM 560 on the 18th
I mean, there's something going on this week that we don't know about
I'll tell you that
I'm serious, I know this guy coming in the morning show
In fact, that's another thing
Joe Rose looked me in the note when I was doing that thing about those ratings
Like, yeah, he's sensitive
Very sensitive, you never know that guy with a head that big would be that sensitive, but he is
So, why don't you ask Mr. Hotshow?
Why don't you ask your audience whether it's that the show sucks that they don't like our show in the morning
That your people don't listen or maybe it's because there's too many commercials
So, maybe we'll find out from this audience today
Among other things if we ever get any real calls today
If that's the reason that they don't listen to our morning show
Because obviously when you see this tremendous disparity
When you go from a 2.1 to a 6.3 at 10 o'clock
And the audience triples all of a sudden in persons 12 plus
And when you go from a 4.2 in men
2554, which is supposed to be
Their big demo to sports station
A 4.2 to a 10-3
Which is like 2 and a half times what they are there
There must be some reason for it
It must be all the spots you think of
That must be it
Just say that he'll feel better
Here's a lady mobile in Miami
Hello
Hey, Neil
Yes, ma'am
Oh, nice to talk to you again
I just tuned in so I don't want to be redundant
But regarding this airplane crash
I just can't get
Regarding the airplane crash
Yeah, the airplane crash that happened a couple days ago
The Egyptian plane
It's an amazing and they have the media
They must feel like things they say are going to make the family members feel better
Today on the news they were talking about how
The plane went up and then it went back down
And then it went back up again
And that's what it's split in half
And everybody would still alive
You know, I'm thinking of myself
If I had family members or loved ones
This does not make me feel much better
It's just incredible the way
You know, with all these things happening with the shootings
And the airplane
I mean, they're just falling all over themselves
It's thickening
Nobody cares about the shootings anymore
I mean, we had to run in Hawaii
Seven people got murdered
Yeah
And we had to run in Seattle yesterday
We run in the heels of it
Four people get shot
Two of them are dead
And there's so many of them
And the media is desensitized the public
So that nobody cares
Exactly, exactly
Another day at the ranch
Exactly, it's exactly what's happening
It's amazing
Oh, it was only seven
And they had how many
26 and Columbine
So seven is not too bad
One is only two over there
That's right, anything less than double digits now
We can't get too excited about it
It's thickening, it's thickening
So anyway, I enjoy your show
And I want to say hi to Julio
And just keep up the good work
Okay, hi Julio, thanks, sweetheart
Bye
56670560, pound 560
Come on, can't you, relative's cry for us?
Can't you wail and moan a little bit louder?
Here we'll hold the phone out here
Can you hear it now?
Can you hear these people they're crying?
They just lost their husband and their wife
And their kids and their brother-in-law
And they're crying
Is that unusual?
How listen to that?
We're the news media
You're crazy people
You're absolutely stark-raving mad
Here's Boyton V. Chellow
Nail, how you doing today?
Okay, sir
Just two things
Talking about charities
Where I work every year
We get issued United Way donation sheets
And you know, you have the different charities
And how much you want to donate now?
Yeah, I have nothing to do with it anyway
I hate the United Way
So to why?
The only person, the only organization I ever donate to is
The commission army and stuff like that
Anyway, and the problem of this sheet
Was you can donate so much
Whatever you want to the brain-high zinger
Children's Fund
Now if I'm not mistaken, his children should be well off
Yeah
I'm just kidding
Another thing as a fortunate thing
Excuse me?
Yeah
Well, I was fortunate to live overseas
For while in Germany
And I probably will not be able to
Like use some day, live over there full time
Because you know, my lifestyle and stuff
But I-
Because your lifestyle?
I mean, I have a family, I have children
You know, I'm stuck here
I believe so
So are there people who have families in Silverin don't ever move to other countries?
No, I'm not saying that
I mean, I don't see any time soon
I mean, I don't make money
Well, so what's the point?
Well, the thing is I had the four, I had lived over there for a while
And I experienced what it is to live over there
Yeah
And it's fantastic
I mean, I lived in Germany, you've been in Germany, even to my friends, I've been to Frankfurt
I used to just get on the train and travel anywhere I can go
And just have, you know, just experience what you can't do over here
You know?
Okay, well, I grit your gear so it was peturable, I'll see you in colon
5670560, pound 568
Was that a call?
No
Wow
I'm going to get it up right out of the chair and I'm going to go look out the window
Okay, I think that there's something that happened this week
It's only been this week
I'm going to go look out the window, I'm going to get my periscope out and take a peek around
Because I think it's getting really dangerous
It's becoming unsettling to me
Here's Boca, hello
And the thing that I write about in the bucket in the extra
Yeah, great
Queue it up again, okay
5670560, pound 568 on the AT&T line
Probably coming from down in Scoranz off as most of these calls if you ask me
In between her calls to Tracy
I always love people when they, you know, it's like you said the dog, you know
They can, in fact, I noticed my little dog this morning was out in the yard
It was around about 10 yards away, kicked up some grass, you know
Like he's doing a good job
That boy, tiny, covered up
When they, like, try to get their stories together
And try to coordinate their stories
Because when people tell a lot of stories
You know, they have to make sure that everybody's on the same page
This is going to be our story, okay?
Okay?
And if not, I got these pictures here of you from that swing club, you know
Nine minutes after, she must, I wouldn't be surprised if she's got one of the copies of the picture
Jason's a, Jay-shaped turd from the toilet pool that day
She's probably got one of those in her collection too, man
She must have some kind of a crap book down there
And is that where you'd put a picture like that?
Nine minutes after 11, a QAM
There's a daddy's sucks, okay?
Okay
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful
All right
She's not since I've purchased a pop-up of a pop-up of a pop-up of a
Oh, Justin's done enough
Was a hero
Love by millions
Across the land
And when two vizes
Here's their wife now
She was hanging with another man
That you just went home now
For a nice and sweet night
And a pair of gloves and back he went
But she was tipping her friends the waiter
And giving more than 15%
Well, she was couldn't take it
Start a slice of an indictment, don't you know?
Was that the airport before they fell?
She made a touchdown in Oshikago
It's checked in at the Alive Hotel
But at the LAGA
Well, he flagged all day
Bob and legal procedure
With a knife
That's the prison yard penalty
He said, with conviction
That's what gets when you
Tax the wife
Out on hell everywhere
In a ghetto where browns go
Pressing something to his goal
Wishing he was dead
But it was a cell phone
No, not a pistol
To a side by summa
Keep it his head
Oh, well, it finally got a mark
Now it's up to the jury
But he will surely be in jail for life
An out of people they are safe
They feel bad for Roger
They forget it ain't okay
Here's the hatch the wife
Tax the wife, man
He!
Huck on time, man, oh, Jesus black
It's time I have to wait and see what happens
I can't see anything
You know, wrinkles always
All these things
Anyway, this was on the best of the NL-94
For the guy I called before
If you can get a hold of that
Maybe if Santa wanted
Best of the NL-94 is what that is on
Do we think we have any of those?
No!
Never less
By the way, speak of the center one
No, forget we'll be at the specs and core
Gables
Do we have that address yet, by the way, on Dixie Highway?
Someone called and said
Yes, it's me
1570 South Dixie
Doesn't sound right
It's right there by the Gables by UN
On South Dixie across from the UN
But anyway, we'll be there a week from Saturday
November 13, noon to 2
With all of our best of stuff
And those key changes
A lot of good stuff on
And the T-shirts, etc
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale
Hello
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
What's happened in the Scott flummer?
Yes, you last night
What happened, man?
I thought I was going to be at 7
I was there, talked to John
Yeah, I was at the track, Scott
Oh, I didn't know that George said you'd be there
Yeah, I want to get my thing back
I was heartbroken
I want to get my thing fixed, Scott
Yeah, I know, I'm going to come pick my thing
Hey, you going to be there tonight or what?
Hello
Neil, talk to George about this earlier, Scott
Yes, but we didn't set it time
I just want to make sure you're going to be there, man, that's all
No
You know, so I can do the work
No, I won't be there
You won't
No, what time are you going to show up?
I think I'm the last night
No, I definitely am
You're definitely there at 7 now
All right, well hey, man, you know what I mean?
The reason I wanted to do this to meet you
Because I like to show and all that
And I didn't want to go down the center one thing
And all that, because I don't subscribe to this charity stuff
But you don't subscribe to the charity stuff?
No, I don't because half the money don't go where it belongs
You know how it is
No, that's not what happens with the money with the center one
That isn't true at all, that's why I'm involved with it
I don't know, I beg your differ on that
You beg your differ on that?
How do you know where the money goes?
How do you know?
I don't exactly know, but half the charities and half the things that are supposed to go
But I'm not involved
That's why I'm not involved with those
Scott
All right
Well, I know, I mean, you seem like a straight-up guy, so I have to take your word for it
Yeah, well listen, have a great life, Scott
So we'll find some other plummeter once they're coming up, play games, okay?
Well, what is that all about?
And let me say it again, thanks profusely
Well, you know, you find over the years I found every time I've needed something
Without exception, I've always found somebody really great who's come by and done it
And sometimes they don't even charge, and it's one of the benefits of doing a radio show
But then sometimes there are people like this who seem to be looking for a date or whatever he's looking for
Not interested, Scott, thank you
I'll find somebody else
That is the correct address, by the way, to Gables' thing
Whatever it is, it was just the one thing of any time
One thing of the time, what was the name of the guy?
Because I want to give them another plug, the garage door people
I don't know, you had to say
I'll find the thing, because they were great
And then they sent one of the regular people there, and he didn't want to have a date, and he didn't want to meet me
And he was an okay guy, and he did the thing, and he greased it all up, and the door too
And I gave him a check, and it was great
For all door, whatever, well, I'll come up with the right name
I mean, that was just, in fact, I'm glad that he did call
It wasn't enough that he spoke to him off the ear about this, but now he's calling me on the ear
See, I can't this week by anybody who wants to play the game here this week
They want to play other games, but they don't want to play the game if we talk about these things
But I'm talking about, no matter what it is
We've all of a sudden just made a big turn, a U-turn here at this big curve in the road on this show
I went to the racetrack last night
Did I have to be there for this guy to fix a water pipe in the yard? Did I have to be there?
No
And he would go on another set or one thing to meet me, but he doesn't subscribe to those charity things
Because the money doesn't go where it's supposed to be
Does that have anything to do with fixing my pipe out there in the yard?
No
No
Not in the least, it has absolutely, positively nothing to do with the price of anything
Wow, man
I'll pass Scott, have a rate life, okay?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Gainesville, hello
Hey, now
Yes, sir
I just started listening so I didn't know what you've been talking about, but I don't know what was up with that guy
He seemed like he needed some attention
Yeah, he's looking for attention, not to a good job
I'm just looking for somebody who wants to do a job
Yeah, he's looking to a good job, but not the kind of job you're looking for
That's right, exactly
I don't know if you've seen this or if you've talked about it, but do you see who was selected as people magazine sexiest politics?
Yeah, we get to you that, we talked about it and we saw it in its terminal, it's just the embarrassing and never
No, I cannot believe it
Don't they know that in a couple of years, whenever the next election is, he's not going to be a politician
Well, maybe that's why they're picking him now while he's still in there, that could be it
I was up last night, I went to the sunset and the website
The first thing I saw, Miami-Dade County, sexiest politician in America, says people magazine
Yeah
I couldn't even hold my head in here
Well, it says B Forbes Complex need really heavy mades
Oh, yeah, all he needs is B Forbes's money and then he maybe he could
No, I wouldn't be surprised if he's got it somewhere, you know, something like that
Yeah, but then we'll thank it, Count
So why doesn't he subsidize stadiums or what doesn't he subsidize the metro route that goes nowhere?
Okay, pal, have a great day
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877785, Neil on the Florida line, 7856345
Wow
Here's a lady, mobile and Davy, hello
Hey, Neil
Yes, ma'am
You know, with all this crap going on, the shootings and these plane crashes and all this tragedy
I don't think that it's about nobody cares
I think that's what we can only care about certain things
I mean, how we still care about everything?
And you know, you don't care about...
Are we supposed to care about everything?
Well, how about people that care about anything?
Okay, that's what this show is
And whatever people care about, I'd be interested in hearing unless it's something that nobody else cares about
Well, you know, if you don't care about...
If you don't say that, you're all upset about pain stewards and all of a sudden you don't care
I mean, you know, I won't care about certain things
Who said that? I don't care about pain stewards and the least, who said that?
Well, most people say that if you don't say, oh, what a tragedy, you know, then you don't care
But it's not that you don't care, it's that you don't care about certain things
You can't... every day, you turn on a TV and it's just, you know, somebody got shot, somebody got shot
How can you not care? Even if you don't know the people that we live in a country where people are getting shot like cockroaches get stepped on
How could anybody with a brain not care about that?
Well, if you did care
No, no, no, let me only care again
How could you not care?
How could you not care?
How could that not be very disturbing to anybody with a brain with any respect for human life?
Well, at this point, most people don't care
Well, I mean, like you said, it's on the station, you know, you go, oh, well, look at that, and turn it off, you know?
Really?
I do
You do?
Some of the genocure about the shooting who I did it, the seven people that got murdered?
I can't, I don't have time
You don't have time?
No
You don't have time to care about it?
No, definitely not
How much time does that take?
To care?
Yeah
It takes a lot, I mean, you know, you can go through your body
How long?
A minute and a half, ten seconds, two seconds, five minutes, how long does it take?
About a pound
Okay
There's another one for you, honey
As Bernie gets, would say
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the 18th, see in the valley girl
Yeah, she's just too busy, okay?
She's too busy, girls, she got her own stuff going on
She can't be worried about all this other crap
Here's Bokeh, hello
Hey, great observation for you
You know, the death happened in three
While the bait and pain's doing a little chamber and I support people dying
And that was somehow of a deal that the pain's still at last, would you say?
Yeah, okay
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th, see in the valley
Everything's a big joke, everything's a big guy
Yeah, it's very funny
Very funny what somebody's playing crash, you know that?
I mean, JFK, Jr's case
Here's a pepper pine, hello
Hello
Yes sir
I'm glad to hear the Stewart nature straight up guy
Yeah
The reason I'm calling is the morning
Is that incredible? What do you think of that call?
Am I a little, am I wrong and being a little bit put out by that call?
Oh my God, he must be wonderful
Anyway, the reason I call this is morning show
There's two words, and I don't listen to it
Yes
Joe Rose
Yeah
There's another reason, is Joe Rose is commercial
When he starts singing,
I automatically just jump out of there and I don't go back
I cannot stand those commercials he does
Yeah
And in one for D-Fo, I wouldn't even turn, if D-Fo's not there, I don't listen to it at all
And I don't understand why they need three guys on there
It's to me, it's just that's a mind
I would like to see D-Fo and somebody
And if Joe Rose...
Well, it sounds to me though, that you do listen to them
Oh, I do listen till I hear Rose say
And that's what you overdo W-O to Rick and Suddy
Rick and Suddy?
Rick and Suddy, I just stand there and that's what he starts saying
When he starts singing, that sends me to
I go right to the old, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the rest of the words
I just, I don't know, I, I wouldn't buy anything
Many, many, many that, the, the last time they advertised on it
Okay, I'll write it down
Alright, I got that note down for Joe
Good deal
Thanks, right
Okay, there you go Joe, you answer what you're getting at, baby
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line
7, 8, 5, 63, 45, that's 8, 7, 7 out of town
8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil
D-Fo, Sony, Sports Showdown
Are you up for the challenge?
Now, day morning today, only on sports radio 5, 60, 2, 8, 7, 8
Baby, you melt my jockey shorts
Tonight, on CBS, the new fall season kicks off with an all new show
From the creators of two guys who girls in a band comes what's that smell?
The hilarious misadventures of two janitors working in a retirement home
B. Arthur, Conrad Janus, and Estelle Getty star in what's that smell?
Tonight, on CBS
It's like a pretty 1-5 60 WK
I couldn't be wrong with this maybe one of the few, maybe the only place in the world where some bitch
Especially on a show where we get almost no female callers, that fucking bitch
We'll go out of her way to call, the way down hold for a few minutes and then get on the year end
And the two announced to us that she doesn't have time to care
About all these people who are getting killed, she doesn't have time to care
I'm not suggesting that she spent hours of her day sitting in morning and praying
Or whatever else she's supposed to be doing about it and russia nashing her gums about it
But what a goddamn comment to make, that fucking bitch
I don't have time to care
Maybe she's got a knock on the door, maybe her next customer is coming now
I don't know what the deal is, she's busy
What a disgusting obnoxious scumbag bitch, we got a hooker up with screw-in
Yeah, maybe this is a, maybe a Tracy turns it on, she can take the fall for the golf tournament, how's that?
By the way, I got a plumber by the way who's gonna come and not interested in date and doesn't want to play any games
He's interested in fixing my pipe and not the one that maybe somebody else had in mind
And above all garage doors we think that profusely
And by the way, I hate to break the news to you Scott, but there's a whole bunch of people that come to appearances that we do
Who don't buy anything? And they say, hey, can you all get, can I have your autograph on those picture cards?
And I always say, you sure are no problem
No problem at all, nobody is coerced into buying anything
Same crap as yesterday, get a new line, okay pal? Get a new line, he sounds like one of the products to me, you know?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and obviously you would because you're on this show with us every day morning, noon and night pal
So obviously you would care, same crap as yesterday, broken crawl springs, maybe those two can hook up, okay?
And check each other's pipe out
Here's Coral Geobels, hello
Hey Neil, love your show
Yes sir, I got a great way, John Henry can finance the new ballpark
Yes sir, the team can sell John Henry's snake oil
The South Florida market
Yeah, what do you think about that? I just do that
Not bad
I got an idea, maybe you can just run a few golf tournaments
Yeah, that's not bad, a couple of charity golf tournaments, maybe 10 or 20 of them and that should do it
And invite juice
Invite the juice, invite one of our salespeople here to be in charge of it
Well Neil, love the show, love everything you do, thank you
Okay, have a great day
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line, here's Boynton Beach, hello
Neil, what is somebody need 10 to 15 guns? What's up with that?
That's the question I'm asking
I mean, can we get some kind of legislation that says one is nothing, or two
11 handguns, 5 rifles and 2 shotguns
But of course this bitch they call it before, she don't have time to think about that
Well, she doesn't care, she don't have time to think about it
If you just allow me one thing to say, anybody out there who thinks they should own a handgun or owns a handgun
You know nothing but a pussy ass packet
Okay, thanks, thank you
Okay, we're talking about me I think, okay, thank you
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line, and 1-877, 7-8-5, Neil on our Florida line
Here's Sunrise, hello
Neil, how are you doing? I was talking about that, effing bitch
Yeah, talking about the shenanigans, about the, she doesn't have time to care
You know what they're with us, you know, all the shenanigans and all that
I think I got a reborder for that lady
I don't have time at all, but I do have time to care
I mean it's like the old cliche, either you're pregnant or you're not
Either you care or you don't, I mean, just people out there that don't have time
How much time does it take to care? It doesn't take any time
It's like some kind of investment of hours of your time to sit down and like stare at the moon or whatever
What does that mean? All she's really trying to say is I don't give a crap, that's what you said
Oh, I know
Oh, by the way, I got a favor to ask you
Uncle Neil? Yes, sir
Yeah, it's got nothing to do with the show, although my brother and I, we do love your show
And without patronizing, we do see, for like a better term, see you, see how to eye with a lot of the opinions that you have
But we just want to ask you to take it easy, take it easy, because we want to see you around for a long time
Not crazy to the show, but because you want everything and we mean that and everything
Okay, I'll be real quiet
Have a great day, pal
Take care, Uncle Neil
Thank you, Sava
He's concerned about my health
We all are concerned
More than that bitch, she don't care about me or anybody else, she don't care about me
She may not even care about herself
Lady, you're one of the most disgusting scumbags I have ever spoken to in my life, lady
And I called you lady, very, that's fucking bitch, yeah, that's more like it
She's no lady, she's just a slut
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a mobile in western, hello
Hey, yes, assistant
For that girl, call them, sit yo' roses at table, singer, girl roses great
That first thing in the morning show is great
Yeah
Right, your audience, yeah, but you're a part of it
Yeah, you're a big pussy
Yeah, okay, huh?
You're a part of it, you're listening right now
My audience sucks, but he's part, see, this is the thing that I find amazing
And this week we seem to have really hit the motherload, so to speak
We have an epidemic of these people, the audience sucks, I suck, the show sucks, George sucks
Everything about us here sucks, but you're all a part of it, you're all listening right now
And even taking the time to call, you're even better than that bitch
You don't have time to care, but these people even have the time to call
What is going on, by the way, with these, uh, what is the story on 6,000?
Just a thing, just a thing, just a thing
Okay, there what?
Not filling up
Okay, did you, well, just looked a little bizarre, okay?
You're never gonna be sure what it's got
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello
Any idea what I'm doing? Okay, sir
I think with the caring business, it's almost too much to care about already
I mean, you cared deep down that this stuff is going on, but individual cases
The media has made us so numb, because it happened so much
And a lot of it, I think, has to do with the satellites and the internet
Some guy fired to rush it a wrong way, we hear about it before it bigots smell it, you know
And it's just, you know, they bombard us with stuff from across the world
Yeah
And then there it goes, you know, you...
That was China
I mean, you hear about it before they could even finish us think, you know
It's just too much, too fast, and it's too...
You know what that all sounds like?
I mean, I'm the first one to tell you the media decentsatizes the public, but it sounds to me like a cop-up
I mean, the idea that, well, I'm very busy, and there's just so much of it going on
And I would go crazy if I cared, so I'm just oblivious to it
No, I mean, I think that's an excuse, that's what I care
No, I care
She's making an excuse, because she's an insensitive mother scratching bitch
That's what her problem is
The thing is, Neil, though, we don't have time to care
It's tough enough to, you know, to pay the bills and work and everything
The consul will be dragged down by all this stuff
I mean, beat down your care that it's going on
You might need to be dragged down by it, in other words
Because it's a bummer that some guy keeps killing each other, you know
I mean, it's not a happy thing
And the plane goes down
You know, I mean, he's not all happy things
We want to be all happy, okay
He wants to be mom-batter with a dad and a dad
That's right, we're happy
You're right, we want to be happy, good point
Nuremberg is bliss
Okay, thanks
Okay
What he's saying is
Let's just be happy, okay
There you go, dad, a dad, a dad, a dad, a dad, a dad, a dad, come on, let's go
Let's all be happy, happy, go lucky
Let's get that disco music from Smeg103.5
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60
I mean, and the first buck I've told you, 50 trillion times
This is the headquarters for, man
You want to find people that don't give a crap about the
B*****g, fill in the blank, this is it
That's our theme song, I don't care, I don't get that's it
We don't give a flying crap and you won't make us, including you, Pat
So, thank you
21-Feel-Nue in the QAM
I just want Peter Allison, though, that all of us American Govins on the water company
We are Chinese too, take a revenge
Tonight, earn E's, Miss Dries and Skendles
Yo, I'm AJ Benster
You ever wonder what happened to Papai
I'll tell you what happened to Papai
He's dead and he died of brain cancer
That comes from Maryland's spinach and aluminum pots
Not to mention olive oil, but diagnosed with genital water
What damage your answer, I died of brain cancer
Papai, I'm some dead, you can get it
B*****g, ain't that a f*****g bitch
It is, it's 1.45 at 5.60 QAM, we got Hank and two, we got to Hank with B*****g
B*****g, you know, cook at 5.00
Her cool hotline 6 to late and in the books to reach the 10 o'clock tonight
80K in a gambling show at 10.00
From a flagra in Naples, by the way
Eddie's gonna be a flagra, the Naples that I plunge in his brains out
5, 6, 7 and by the way, was that Harry, the phone that I hung up on there
How about giving me a chance to read the book, okay Harry?
Before we start jumping all over me, please
I mean, what is this this last couple of days?
We got the guy, the make-believe plumber there
that wants a date and doesn't want to come and doesn't believe in the charity thing
and the money isn't going to the right place
and we got the guy that wrote the book that I haven't had yet
I don't even have my fingerprints on it yet
and he's already called it
Then we had the guy with the poems up there on West Palm who sent me my one birthday card
Here's the lady mobile in Margate, hello
Hello
Yes ma'am
Hi Neil, this woman that you talked to just and worried to me so much
I can't even start to tell you
People like her that make me nauseous
Make me nauseous, she's so self-abored
Yeah, she don't have time to care
She don't have time to care, she's the first bro that she had a problem her life
and want the whole world to stop and give her sympathy
But she has time to call you
But she don't have no time to care
Yeah, that's a good point, we have time to make an inane stupid and embarrassing phone call
but she don't have time to care about that
A bunch of people getting blown away
Some bitch bro that makes me nauseous
And I can't stand people like her
That's what she's thinking about
It's better to be a woman and a man never can have the same size
Right
You know, here's these people got obligated
and to God knows why we get it
That's right, they were all obligated, right
The batter?
That's ridiculous
Uh-huh
You know, they were obligated and she's oblivious
She's oblivious to the whole freaking world
Right
You know, she's the one that she should have been on the plane
Well, I said for her that's what I said
Figure
How would she feel about her family?
How they feel, those four people
Right
You know, and every day you go by
and you hear about these guns
and people go, I don't have time to watch them
because I'm not interested
I'm involved in my own life
See, that's why the NRA people
have got to hug her
They don't have anything
Exactly, she said they don't have time to do that
Yeah, they probably have time to do that
Maybe they could write the letter on the turlop paper
You know, kill two birds with one stone
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Pawn 5, 60 on the 18t
Was anybody care about that John Henry proposal?
No
One way or the other?
Oh, nobody care about that morning?
Show what I asked with Joe Rose?
No
No
Just amazing, the week that just is a real fly opener for me
I'll tell you that
Here's Boka, hello
Yeah, Neil
Yes sir
I can't take it down here, no, or man
You're absolutely right
This Joe Rose kind of morning is gotta go
He's out, he's been a T-Sucks
Everything starts this guy up in Britain
He got me all pissed off today
I know 20 guys, I'll take the bullets out
Show them all up and ask one by one
Yeah
It's unbelievable, these people don't give a crap about nothing down here anymore
They come down here from all these other places
Oh, they'll pop, pop, pop, pop, pop
This that
That's it
That's it, it's pop, pop, pop, pop, pop
You're very good, sir, like we did it
It's pop, pop, pop, pop, pop
It's pop, pop, pop, pop
The other day, you don't give a crap about nothing
I can't take a no more amount of hair
I'm taking your advice, I'm gone, pop, pop
Okay, pal
What were your flowers?
Woo!
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line
877785 Neal on that line 9
That's where this guy was just done
Line 9 worked for him
8777856345
Here's Miami, hello
Hey Neal
Yes, sir
I had a story, I was down in Key West with a friend of mine down for a panacea past
And this woman had severely cut the bottom of her foot on a piece of glass
I was broken out in the street
She was laying there bleeding all over the place
The medics are there and the cops
It's over the walk up to us and says, what happened?
And we said, she cut her foot on the bottle
She walks up and says, better her than me
I just couldn't believe it
That was probably the bitch that called her a while ago
That was part of the same one
Unbelievable
Yeah
Thank you
Thanks for the good news
Okay, it's the press and week here at QA
Am I told you right around every year at my birthday time, boy
Everything turns to pure instant
For a few days and this is the no exception every year
I don't know what that's all about
I'm not big on that astrology crap or anything like this
But man, every single year for as many years as I can remember
Right around from like the end of October to the first 10 days in November
It's time in my life
Everything, you name it
And thanks by the way for making it consistent for me this year right away
This audience, phenomenal last this week
Here's Pembert Pines, hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Hey listen, this gun thing is just got me
It's tough, it's unavailable
You know, you range and go crazy over the guns
But yet you take the constitutional right away to bear arms
The next thing they're going to take away from us
Are you going to give me this tire of the constitutional right?
Low and out your rash, there's no constitutional right for individuals to bear arms
It's talking about a well regulated militia
We've been through a million, million times
And the only people, you see what I'm saying?
This is why I go crazy
The only people who care about this are assholes like this
Who want to twist the goddamn constitution
He will not a constitution if you shoved it up in the system
And then the same old trite cliches from the NRA
Oh you take away that right?
We haven't got any goddamn rights
Okay but the fact is rational sane people don't want to live in a slaughterhouse
Where everybody in their brother is blowing people's crap away
Nobody with a brain wants to live in that kind of environment
So take your constitutional arguments and...
Get up and go down
Exactly
Stick them up Sally's ass if you like, okay?
God
Brewing your terminal, your ponderous
It's like a stuck frickin record, okay?
And like I said, I don't know what you're worried about
Because of the rest of the public like that bitch that call their all go at...
You don't have time to care about this
And like I've asked to say, I'll ask it again
I've only asked it 78 trillion times since I've been here
What do the people in this town beside the early bird dinner?
What do they care about? Any answers?
No
Like all the goddamn hockey games
The only thing they care about is the free t-shirts
They're slinging up into the crowd
Yeah give it, give it, give it
Even the adults are acting like a bunch of three-year-old kids
Smacking little kids out of the way
Elbowing, high sticking
And you see adults in the penalty box the next period starts
Corrected like overgrown infants
Kind of like around here at this station
Oh, just give me the tea, give me some free crap, okay?
Give me some free crap
And the early bird, that's it, that's all they care about
Nothing else
This thing in Miami International
If this scandal and it was a great job by the hero
You know, given credit what credit is due
It was a great job
And even they were getting a response from Little Mayor Penga now
If it happened in any other major market in the world
Or they had a program like this
For days on it and that's all people would have been talking about
What do we have like two calls about that maybe?
Maybe
They don't have time to think about these things
Especially here they don't have time
Because we know that they're so busy there right now
All the stuff they were to do here
Like go see Bett Middler in the middle of a goddamn hurricane
Here's for Lauderdale, hello
Or any of how's everything?
Okay sir
We all don't really have to care
We can all just kind of get together and pray
Yeah, there you go, that'll do
You can't hear Turner-Twebble of us
But are kind of 1500 of us pray?
Then he starts to hear it
Yeah, I'm praying to be safe from people like that bitch
That's what I'm praying
There's a show called the Daily News of the comedian John Stewart
He's friendly toward the secular cars
And he has a program on the called God's stuff
And he shows this isn't staged, it's a self-video car
Popular cars?
Well that's my car
What an expression that is, yes
Anyhow he has, he calls it God's stuff
And he has situations where actual, it's not the stage is taped
Creatures at the pulpit or pulling out guns
And demonstrations of shooting down either Santa Claus
Or any other thing they think is contrary to them
Including hecklers from the crowd
And they open up briefcases and get out guns
Yeah
Nice message
And all these people thinking
Well for George W. He said he's the one that signed at Bill in Texas
If you don't want to go into your church you have to post a sign
Otherwise it's okay to bring them in
Do you ever wonder how they went in for the Lord?
Here's another one for you God
Do you ever wonder how the Bible belt and the gun belt are one of the same?
I've been grappling with that
Yeah
Can a day was this time beautiful this time of year I just got back
Good part of the country
Like the other woman said, better you than me
Yeah, thank you, sir
Okay
How's that secular crowd coming?
And we have an open line somewhere 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, around 5, 60
The AT&T
I'm just in honor of my birth date tomorrow
I'm gonna sit here and go
Like that the rest of the show today
I am
Like that
Wait a minute I got a better idea
Maybe I can do it like through the strainer here
Yeah
Woo! Do you hear that?
What is that all about?
You got the microphone too close to the speaker
Oh, I don't know
It's all good
That's good
Yeah, that's good
Yeah, that's almost like
That's what I'm ready to do
After 23 years of being here in the land of the walking dead
I said that 23 years ago, is it any different now?
Is it any different now?
What's that all about?
What's just happened there?
You shut the pot off
No, I didn't
That seems to play it
Oh, look at that, actually
That's an active god
It went to the audition mode
No
I got so carried away there, I'm knocking stuff with my elbows
Too much for elbowing, okay?
So what's the name and it's
We got to run away a voice shredder back there
It's the shredding stuff in a year
What's that an outer guy that's the...
By the way, Tommy's didn't do the Blank Name Blackberries
I do believe he's the one that's around in the pool
I don't think Gary Thorne did the main...
Did Gary Thorne do a...
No, I don't believe so
But have it you ever made a mistake?
Yeah, no
Maybe coming in today
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
Hi, how are you?
Great, good show
Have a comment
Number one, okay, I am a gun owner, okay?
But I hear people are getting shot
Killed the, you know, all these like the thing that happened over there in Hawaii
It breaks my heart, it really does
Now here's the solution, I feel
Oh, here's the solution, okay, well...
I believe everybody listen out, this guy's got the answer, okay?
Well, I believe all guns should be taken away from citizens
They are not needed by us on the street
Okay, and they should be stored at where you're going to use them, I go to ranges
So I would have no problem leading my rifles there in lock up
And when I feel like shooting, I can go there, take it out, shoot, and put it away
And leave again
But the thing is, is when you find these criminals and they're carrying guns
They should be held to the highest possible punishment
And it should be followed through with so that nobody carries guns
Yeah, that's a really good deterrent
Most of these people are blown themselves away before, I mean this guy in Hawaii didn't do it
Most of the other ones are said that isn't going to work
Well, that's what I'm saying, everybody should be taken away
Guns should be taken away from citizens
Okay, everybody should be taken away, thank you sir
Let's take everybody away, what do you say?
All right, we're taking everybody away, okay?
Better watch out, you're in the lock on the door
They're coming to take you away, or maybe it's got the plumber wants to fix your pipe
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18teen
I've over the kiss people in here, what was the guy with a bed wig, Bob McKee and Earl doing in there
Just saying hi, delivery tickets
Tickets for what?
Some country, po down, corn, corn, and things
Oh great, let's get them away
I'm here QAM, my heavy pointy car tail
I'm going with my move with my move with my move
So I move around when I go to, I call the Mambo movement number two
I'm the toilet seat, I swing and sway
To the Mambo beat, the radio play
So we down a load, and I'm off to, just one seat
I got to do, a little bit of faith, but there's all I need
So I can make my high, and I can be
I don't have to push, I'm in control
When I move inside the side of the toilet bowl
I never have to spray, it comes out whole
It looks a little like a 2-0
I'd wait through the left, I'd wait through the right
From being a green machine, and I'll tell you why
I don't see all you burning calories
But you never ever get a big red ring
That's why we track guys
Who can't use the exercise, can have none fun
When they use the powerful movement number two
Hey, look at me, Alex, I'm going to Mambo
Come on, do it!
I'm going to put the wheel in here, get up and talk to him
I'll tell you, I'll tell you
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
I think that's how to make a comment about that woman that called and she fits in care. I think that's how to have time to care. Well, that's the problem is people just don't care and doesn't she realize that's where the problem is? I mean if you care about people, you don't go shooting them. But anyhow, no matter how many shootings happen, they always come out with that same old line, don't they? They're gunned. Oh yeah, they're just saying it all for lonely. They're trying to take our gun away, that's right. But they have enforced the laws that we got now. We don't need any more laws.
And what's going to happen to the rest of our consciousness? It's just all so ponderous. Put it on a tape already. Let's see, when a politician gets shot like Brady, they change their tune. You know, the Brady amendment or whatever. Yeah. It's a different story when it happens to the politicians. They want to try to do something maybe. Maybe. Just a thought. Okay. Okay. I mean, I'll have to burst it. Thanks so much. Bye. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 8 7 7 7 8 5
Neil 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 on our floor line. Boy, that thing is going over like yeah. It's just the week and I'm not going to make any difference. Just one of those things. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Happy birthday, buddy. Thanks, pal. Hey, Neil, I heard you talking about yesterday about me to my aunt, the other guy salary. You think where Whitney gets what he deserves? Of course, now he's making 1.3 million. That's pretty sad when he's tied for the guy that makes eight, that eight and a half and he's they got the same goal number six. Yeah. You know, but that's how it is. The other guys make 2.3 and they got one goal between both of them. Yeah. That's great for the team. Neil. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for your brilliant comments. You're for your first vacation observations.
There's a guy feeding back to me the material that I put out there yesterday. Nice going there, sir. It's called the hockey news. You know, it's available like a news stand and you can even subscribe to it. You might actually learn something about the game. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning. Good morning to you, sir. Feliz cumpleao. Teo. Neil. That's a happy birthday. Uncle Neil. Thank you. Really, man. Be report. One of the leaders is
a talk show host in there said that the Americans that got JL Plumber out of office did not know how to vote. And we mean in the Cuban show the study campaign to teach the Americans in English and the heroin and by buying. Preview time. How to vote and to be better in form. Oh, yeah, right. So, you know, never in that. I think just had a leaflet with the pictures of the Dell on there. That'll do. Yeah.
That's not really, really what's happening. They've reached never ever reached before new dimensions in this stupidity. I think we should try to start a camp. Yeah, wait, you know something at least they get a response. I'll say this much for me. Maybe it's just, you know, they got a captive audience and those people. I mean, all they got to do is pass gas and those people are. Right. They're on the phone. They're screaming. They're jumping up and down. They're out in the streets. I've been here for 100 years. I have to squeeze and scream.
And I'm telling you, I said I'm serious this week. I could say every four letter word on a year over and over again and still not buy a response for $10,000 a call. This town is astonishing. It's just amazing to me.
Well, that's a way. So they do have a point. They do have a point. Okay. At least they go out and they do whether it's for the wrong reasons or not, which it usually is, but at least they do something. You know, well, they do. But anyway, we're going to have a static campaign here to get fine signatures to propose an amendment to make.
Sure that every person that wants to be elected to political office and they can should have a police record. So then people have the choice to choose.
If you like the words, you like not one that has a kill anybody or ones and the only Rob.
I think if they would just start throwing free Guaya Barras up in here that those polling places, they could have a lot more people to come in.
Well, they, but we want to start this campaign and also in the same pilot, we want to put an amendment to call day county to change the name to absurd.
Okay. Okay. Happy birthday. Thank you. Are we there to five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yes. Hello, Mr. Roger. Yes, sir. I believe you show thoughts. Uh-huh.
Okay. Well, thanks for listening to five 60 Q a.m. I believe your show sucks. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil. That must have been one of the screen. I don't know. Your show does not suck. Uh-huh. I suck.
All right. Hey, uh, you know, it's a risk of asking a stupid question. I trust you saw the with you go to start the third career. The type of game. I did not see it. I was a little already.
Yeah. Well, I'm kind of glad you said that. Uh, I'm not a hockey guru, but it was a real treat to see some of Chris passing in just a nice shot cop shelf, uh, descended in there. Uh-huh.
The reason why I say that is. I would suggest you also regarding the golf that it is is equally difficult to send a, you know, one and a half.
Oh, sir. Now let me, let me get a marble and throw it in the ocean. I mean, I can take an orange and throw it into the North Pole. I mean, you know, you can claim anything. I disagree. I disagree with that.
And our guys who on ice skates, they're on ice. They're hitting each other. They're tremendous physical condition. They aren't just waltzing. I'm going from one hole to the next. I'll give you that. Yeah.
That's hard. You know, I agree. No, not a sport. I live the past time. Most, most of those past time can get underneath part of expression. Yeah, turn the club upside down and hit a left hand. I could move up here. I can't hear if they stuck the club in there.
I couldn't, I couldn't, couldn't impress me. All right. Let me, let me just say this. Compare golfers with hockey players. Is this like a, you know, it's a comparison. I think you can. I think you can. I think you can because there are some percentage of hockey players that as one of the past times pick up a golf club.
So what is that? It's got nothing to do with the fact that they'll play hockey. What is that? I mean, there are people that play football that play golf. Not a full of played golf. No, because I, I mean, they were the same. What is the point? No, what I'm, what I'm leading up here, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're preaching to the wrong guy. You know, let me finish.
I'm listening, sir. Okay. Say something. I would suggest no to you that there's a percentage of hockey players that do that because they find that task just, just as difficult. It's not more difficult. You know, then sending a shot top shelf, you get up there in front of 10 or 15 or 100 of your peers.
Sir, nobody wants to see it. That's got a brain or a life. Nobody wants to see it. Watch in a hockey game. It's exciting. It's titillating. It's breathtaking. It's real competition. No, I'll give you that. I'll walk around and then stay there and hit the ball and then walk around again and go hit the ball again. Sure. Have a good time.
You lose five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
The best of me all 99 CD is that. It's perfect. It's perfect. Get them now with spectacles. You can see the ground plus West Palm and Void and Fort Myers.
It's a best of me. I've been a fifth voice and you want from five sixty. Do you have? I got two sets of lips.
What's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell we really love him?
Yes. The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls.
The girl friend is all third daddy. She's the fan on the book. She called daddy. Must I that five to me talk about right?
She'll maybe talk to me. Oh right. My favorite holder doesn't have any number. A green or a fairway.
That's right because I'm a tap. They're a lapper. I play golf and I'm gay.
He's time to talk to the past. He's golf is the only time to tell.
I'm gay. Let's play L-U-T-H-S-L-A-D golf to me.
And ride this great ship set of my face. It's still a lady's golf to me.
Okay. Well, 15 to five sixty. I'm going to cue him. That's our topic today is bull bike. Let's hear it, baby.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call in the four Myers. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. First time color. All right.
Just letting know a couple things about that. Factor received yesterday about QAM about 70 QAM.
So sent out by someone who used to work for QAM for WWCN but no longer a Gene Roberts who is acting on a little bit of sour grapes.
Some of his comments are bashed the morning guy. Joe Scott. Yeah. And apparently it's apparently.
Waiting the fact that he had the number of the billion numbers on him for Beasley. Well, yeah, that one. Right.
Yeah, it's it's land Joe a little bit and I'm saying it's I know it's our rapes because back then it's ever since Joe got on the Arab.
They are now a number two in the markets in the in the men 25 54.
So they're actually starting to kick as much as much.
We're here on the ratings as you are Miami in the same demographics.
But if you if you really want to look on a nice little suck up and talk to Kaplan about this next time you see him.
Yeah, brand new brand. Oh, sorry, you don't see him. No, they haven't the GA although he's only here lit him up to the show.
Okay, well, if if they're through some acquaintance you get to talk to him, talk to Kaplan about the Brad Collins because on yesterday's show he did a major such a bottom.
I mean, I don't know who that is. I'm Brett Collins. He's the afternoon sports guy who cuts into half of a hammer show down here.
Yeah. And I don't know what you're saying. I mean, I see we don't hear any of that.
Okay, so it's like I'll greek to us. I don't want to see you see why.
Yeah, see what happened was during the last during the second half of was normally hammer show. Yeah.
Brett Collins comes on for what's called sports talk over here. Yeah.
And apparently there was an interview with Kaplan yesterday because he's going to be at the ground track tonight.
Right. And during the interview was a major such a major suck up.
What does that mean? I don't understand. What does it mean?
I mean, what is the significance of that? Why are you telling me this, sir? Why do we care?
You were wondering what was exactly going on over here at 770.
No, I would know I was not the fact that was sent to me yesterday handed it with the billing with all the money that the cheap bastard beesleys are making.
That we can't even get phones in here that work right. That we have to beg for every little bone that they throw us in here.
That we can't get people's bonuses paid before two, three, four months rule buying people's that threatening to sue them.
And that was the crux of it is the rest of the stuff was window dressing.
Oh, and have a great day.
I am so you know something. I'm so sorry. I am so sorry that that line was put in the way that it was. You have no idea.
So you originally was supposed to be like reaching out to tentacles and testicles into the real world out there, you know, for people who listen on the audio net and the internet all around other places who might actually have something to say.
We don't care about the radio in Orlando in Fort Myers with all the respect to our listeners over there.
You know, we're not on a year over there. So we can talk about Fort Myers radio.
If you pardon my indifference, we also just like that woman said before she don't care. We don't care about the radio in Tampa about fat bottle.
And about his eyelids. We don't I don't care. Just keep singing it folks. That's our theme song about all of these things.
We don't care about real radio unreal radio. Brad Collins, Fort Collins, the Joe Collins. I have no idea who that is.
These people ought to be working here. It's back to that kindergarten level. Get the little spail in the sandbox out again.
Any K was out of bed and he sucked his ass. He did a suck up job. And it's one in the morning. He did that in the end of 2.5.
Oh my God. I just want peace. I just want peace. I just want to sit here in silence. To let us break about 5-6 minutes.
Yeah, let's just sit here in silence. So like golfing out. Yeah. Here comes the tiger.
Tiger is wearing knickers today. By the way, does tiger have any romantic interest that we know? No. No. That tycoon.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on the AT&T line. 877-785-0 on the deadly Florida line, which basically is like an internessing Yenta. I'm surprised Mr. Radio hasn't called on there yet. That'll be next. 785-6345. That'll be next. You'll see. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello there, New. How are you doing? Okay.
First of all, happy birthday. Thanks. Number two, I would like to give you comments on Mayor Penelo being voted. Let's go to Sonny Isles. Hello.
Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I saw Tiger was at the funeral. He's the only black guy there with a white chick. So, hey, let me ask you a question. What are you going to do? That last idiot, not the one, but the other one talking about listening to the radio.
We can't even hear 560 here. How are we going to hear 770 over here? Right. Exactly. Does he have a clue? That's right. We can't even hear the station inside. I'm sitting here. They handed me these out by our ratings from the last three rating books. The numbers are astronomical. And that's on a radio station that people can't even hear inside of a building. That's amazing.
Right. Right. Imagine if somebody could hear the station. We'd have triple digits. We'd have some... Yeah, do you know who... You ever hear Bishop Edward Head? No. Bishop Head? Yeah. He was a Bishop of Buffalo. That's when I knew the kid. He was a head bishop, yeah.
Yeah, this is real name. Bishop Edward Head. So, anyways, let me play one quick song. Two seconds of a song.
Okay, that was pretty good. There's a quick two seconds for me. He worked for all of us. 56070560, 0560 on the AT&T line. Here's Poppano. Hello.
Poppano. Now. Yes, sir. On off to Newswire. Miami Heat Player, Rodney Butcher. Arrested for two grams of marijuana Toronto Airport today.
Really? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say. Click. 56070560, 0560 on the AT&T line. Let's get the Merge-Iwini police after that, man. Let's get him on right on it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
And then we'll divvy it up. Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello. Hey, Neon back on the mainland now. Yes, sir. You know a guy named Mike Johnson does a show in Omaha, Nebraska. No, I know Mike Johnson has scored two goals for the least last night.
Yeah. Hey, listen, a couple things. A buddy man was told me and I had never been there and you talked about it any time Toronto. Yeah, even the police don't carry weapons and they don't have a problem. How can every other? That is not true. Of course, the police carry guns. That is absolutely untrue. Police carry guns. Okay. He and I was misinformed. You very well. Okay. But other countries have gun laws where you don't know how to have a gun. They can't get the public there. Can't carry the Canadian gun law into a very very small country.
Okay. But they seem to get a lot of money and since they had the shootings there in Scotland, they're for a couple of years ago when all those kids get in the shot up by that crazy person. You can't carry guns. Gun possession is outlawed in all the United Kingdom and it works very well, by the way.
I know they shouldn't get along very fine in their own country. Yeah. That's going to be a lot of money. You go to most European countries other than the police. You don't see anybody. I mean anybody other than the police in the military with guns of any kind.
Back in the 40s my father served the World War II because what he had to do at the time and he did his thing, came out and never owned a weapon after that. I just don't get it.
Now these people just don't care. That's why it's a slaughterhouse. They don't know that. Hey, no, that woman was right. She was the epitome of what America is all about. We're indifferent. We don't care. We don't mind living in a slaughterhouse. Just don't shoot me and I don't give a crap.
Right. Two other comments of the bitch about carrying. I mean how long does it take to make a thought or a decision? Right.
Are you going to make a decision? I'm asking her to set aside a certain amount of time every day. We're going to sit in a medallion, sit in the corner and start emoting about her or something like that.
It doesn't have to. It's not like they wanted to go to like the thing that they did with JFK and go stand in line and have a joint service. Right.
But just sit in the corner of the house. I'm tasting space that a useful human being could be taken up. She's wasting oxygen.
Okay, and I'm wasting your time. So like a one more of the thing. Yeah. Yesterday when you got off the air, you know, Hank had done show on. Yeah.
Did you listen to any of that? Yeah. I wouldn't pay much attention. I heard some of it. Did you hear Hank asking? So what do you think of the dolphins this year?
I think they have a shot. Did he say that? Yeah, you got to find square. I swear it was so fine. I thought that was the best. I was thinking you were in the car just.
No, I didn't hear that because it didn't. You know, I do believe they have a shot. I got a lot of good. Thanks, pal. 56070560.
560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davy. Hello. Hey. Davy. Hey. Yes, sir.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. Today. Okay, sir. Excuse my voice. I'm coming off this of the Northern flu. Yeah. How come it is every time here?
We get one dose of decent weather. We're going to have two doses of the crap that come from the north with one question.
Do you really think golf's not a sport? Yes. But it has balls. What if it, yeah, something with balls? Uh-huh. No. So, so I have balls that are not a sport.
That's not the caries I've heard. Okay. Thanks for your brilliant call, sir. Oh, these people today this week, boy, they're beautiful.
56070560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got 400 open lines here. And I want 34 minutes to go. Not that I'm counting mine. You do understand that, don't you?
Not that I'm paying that much attention to the old clock out of wall as they used to say 100 years ago. When Arnie Wu-Woo Ginsburg used to be on WMEX in Boston back in the days when radio was worth owning.
And tap with nose the score. Turning it. So the last thing is we've not only on sports radio 560, you A.M.
Beware of exploding balls. We'd like to show you. I'll show you the new candle bends the bomber from Pua with its gay bar tested technology.
Gentle bend is an effective very pleased thermometer. Never again you need a one stick of thermometer in your mouth or a giraffe because the gentleman is so un-tuned.
There's never been anything like it. It's fast, accurate, clear when you want it. My temperature still hasn't gone down.
New gentle bent thermometer from Pua with special patterns is don't ask don't tell insertion pads. Maybe your husband would like one.
Properly one at 560, but it's got balls, baby. 1231 at 560 WQA. And I know if it's got balls, too, is there a sport? No. I don't think so.
Here's a call from Stuart. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Yeah, if I'm ever diagnosed with cancer and given about a month to live, I'm going to subscribe to the golf channel on Delphi.
Because I want that month to seem like 15 years. Right. There you go. Excellent.
It's the slowest game. It's like watching your fingernails grow. That's not a sport.
This guy is trying to compare hockey game with golf. Anyway, why does he compare baseball, which is relatively slow as professional sports go?
Or something like that he's comparing hockey with golf. No comparison. maniac. And the other thing that bugs me about golf on TV. There's no end to it.
In football, you got a Super Bowl and baseball, you got the World Series in golf. It just goes on and on. There's no way. You got the masters.
You got the British, whether they're open to this, I mean, just it's just the same old tired crap. Well, why anybody would watch that?
Those are the people that watch other people play golf have got to be the most lifeless tragic individuals who were ever born, whoever set foot on the face of the surf.
Well, even in the end of falls would be embarrassed. And Florida, the golf cap, although the world. There you go. I rest my case.
All right. Have a great day.
Thank you. There you go. We had to go all the way to store to get a real call. I told it exactly like it is. Right.
You only got three days to live, boys. Did they watch the golf channel? I feel like a hundred years. I feel like my thoselon a pretty good day.
5 6 7 0 5 60. And by the way, no more golf tournaments too.
See, that's another thing yesterday. We shouldn't have had eight million calls about that.
About charity scams. I went to track last night. My friend Derek says, yeah, I can't believe you don't, you're not out of that.
He said, that's been going on for years.
Charity fundraiser is one of the biggest scams, one of the most unregulated scams because the government, I guess, just doesn't give a crap.
It's like, I mean, if they don't care about all these religious takers, sucking up for money on television, why should they care about all these charity scams?
How many millions, by the way, do you think Jerry Lewis has made over the years with his Jerry's kids thing with his big telephone?
You think he's doing it for nothing? No. No.
Here's a mobile and cross-bring. Hello? Any idea how you doing? I'm doing okay.
Hey, a couple of things. First of all, any guard to the issue of gun control. You know, everybody gets all fired up. No pun intended.
How do they know? How does it get fired up by the gun nuts? They're fired up. They're the right to be called the religious.
The gun nuts don't want the government coming and taking their guns. Okay. So here's a solution. You ready? Yeah.
All we do is we say guns from this day forward are illegal. Now we're not going to come knock it on your door and take them away from you.
But if anything happens and we happen to find you in possession of a gun, you're going to jail.
Yeah. So if you're stopped in traffic and an officer finds a gun in your car, what would it be?
In fact, I got an idea. What we can do is we can build these gigantic prisons for the gun nuts and we're going to let them take their guns to jail with them.
And then they can blow each other's crap away inside the big house. Then we don't have to worry about feeding them and clothing them and fixing their teeth and things.
Good idea. My idea is you know how they grandfather things end, right? Well what we would do is we would grandfather the guns out.
We're not going to come take them away from you. But if you're caught in possession of a handgun for any purpose, we'll take it away and we'll blow your brains out.
Exactly. Exactly. And then we don't have to go knocking on people's doors and having another wake-up situation and getting all that kind of crap off.
I'm going downstairs during a break and see if just screw in has got to go.
Because if somebody does, I'm taking it away and I'm going to...
So this way we don't... The government doesn't... Big brother government isn't going to come take the evil government isn't going to come take your guns away.
These are guns. This is long as you don't... We're carrying it.
God bless you sir. I'll pray for you.
I love it. One more. Thank you.
5-6705-60. It's a nation based on guns. We had the fourth of July. We have a bunch of crazy drunk people run outside what they do.
We just got guns up in the air. That's right. If we can't get your eye or your arm or your elbow with a few straight firecrackers, we'll get them with those guns got up in the air to celebrate. We just want to celebrate.
Let's play that, okay. And then they'll confuse us with the smigmo103.5 and we'll have a 45-year.
Here's the mobile in the bell-glaed. Hello.
Nail. Yes sir.
One people watch the right of cup and the Stanley Cup.
Yeah more people eat vanilla ice cream than Ben and Jerry's too, okay. Fish food and it's still socks, okay.
Another golfing new yorka. You're boring, okay. Take that voice and get back on a subway with Bernie again. He's got another one for you sir.
More people watch it. More people watch bullfighting too, okay. So maybe you're in the bulls like what I determined from your call.
Check ass. Not interested in what the masses, the masses are asses. Anybody knows that.
And if they want to watch somebody else whacking a goddamn ball around that stair business, okay.
It's terminal. It's boring.
Boring. Maybe they're just a lot of boring people out there. That could be it because quite frankly just look at this town.
Man, listen to these people that call this radio station.
Boring. 90%. 90% of that's being kind. I'm trying to eat benevolent because tomorrow's my birthday, okay.
Boring. People that think they're very amusing, very interesting. Like this guy that's just called.
Mr. New York. Mr. Bronx.
We're going to have William Holden drive you to the foot of the George Washington Bridge and see what a good job you can do sir.
Or maybe we'll take you to that viaduct in Toronto, the Blur Street viaduct.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
You didn't know the slam on this gun business for what it's worth.
How was the professional soldier for 28 years and did three consecutive tours and beat them?
By the time I got out of there and most of my buddies, we didn't want to see another gun.
Right. The guys who talk about guns and want to have guns, they have never taken live B or generally whimps anyway.
They got guns. They're very kind. They're not a gun.
So they think they're a man. Right. That's it.
So anytime you talk to one of them, you have to really look at them because they're not men.
They have this to make up for the fact that they're not...
That's absolutely correct. They're little teeny cowards who have very teeny tiny Chinese-like penises and they want this...
This is like their phallic thing between their legs.
If they ever saw what happens with a gun, they would be so awestruck, they'd probably faint.
They'd probably dump in their pants. That's right.
You know, they're just pitiful. There's two steps below pitiful and I hope I'm not boring.
No, sir. You're right.
A lot of us out here really admire what you say.
Thanks a lot. All right. See you. Have a great day and we'll pray for us.
We'll pray for us against these.
Guns nots. Okay. The gun's squeezers. That's right. It's those macho men.
And of course they've got to have the big ones, the AK-47 and the UZs.
They've got to have the big shotguns and the rifles and go out there and kill Bambi in the woods.
And it makes them feel like a real man. And then they take their head home and they put it up on a metal piece.
And they hang their goddamn raccoon coat on it.
Yeah, I'm a real man.
And then you pull their pants down to their knees. And even I'm hung like a moose compared to those guys.
Okay. They're hung like a goddamn Bumblebee.
You ever see a Bumblebee's...
Wow. Got to look real close.
And it's hard to get him to stop moving around by the way.
21-1-560WQAM.
I'm not quite that perfect.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White House Association.
Let's face. Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns.
They scare the s**t out of people and intimidate them and they're giving you whatever you want.
That's right hand guns. Think about it.
Need some cash? Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer? All the convenience.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a hand gun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him.
This is a simple solution to life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Find a dancing on the street. Just fire a lot of hand guns.
It's a great alternative. But working problems out, it'd be considered a population control.
Yes, hand guns. They just might make your face.
60-1 at 560 WQM. It's a lot easier than forced derelization and a lot quicker too.
I'll tell you that. 560-705-60.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a call from Ilamorata. Hello.
Yeah, hello. Yes, sir.
I got the scoop on the Egyptian Air 990.
You got the scoop on it?
Yeah, why did it went down?
The pilot and the co-pilot were in the back doing...
Okay, great. 560-705-60. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Yeah, you got a little mistake going on this spin.
I work in the jail and if you pull or talk to a lot of the inmates, they want you not to have a gun.
That's the one thing that really keeps them in check.
Yeah. They speak out the draw.
They keep you in check.
And if you let them in, how do they know if you have a gun or not?
Well, there are stereotypes that fit and sometimes they don't know.
And that's when you hear about these guys getting shot or when they rob the convenience store and like in California with the Koreans
and they're up to think you're using the five robbers.
Right. It's one after the other once a week.
And Switzerland is mandated that they'll go mail or...
Because they're all members of the military.
What does that got to do with?
No, it's a militia. They're not members of the military.
Well, whatever it is, it doesn't make any difference.
And the people there aren't shooting each other so they don't have all of the Arizona so violent fraud.
Let me tell you something, that's a cultural issue because if you go to states like Wyoming, Montana,
somewhere anywhere in the Midwest, the crime rates tend to be lower although the gun laws are more like...
We're going to say Vermont and New Hampshire have almost zero gun laws and they're crime rates are...
How many people are in the state you're talking about?
How many large urban areas are there in the state you're talking about?
We can talk about Wyoming but let's talk about Vermont which has a bigger industrial area.
No, no, no, no, no. Sure, there is no big area.
How many people are there in Montpelier? How many?
No, I don't know.
Oh, okay. Well, come me back when you find out.
Yeah, they got a big industrial area up there. Vermont, they make Ben and Jerry's there, right?
Pretty big place for Vermont, isn't it? In Vermont, pretty big?
No, New Hampshire. No. No.
Papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa. Yeah, Switzerland. Ever been Switzerland, sir?
No, I'm sure you haven't.
Sixteen thousand open lines here today, 567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call in Naples, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just want to invite all the lack of days ago terminal golfers out there to first of all put on a pair of skates and try to first of all ice skate with any skill whatsoever.
Then, once they think they've got that mastered, to take a stick and try and handle a puck across the ice with it.
Then, once they think they can do that while they're being grabbed and punched in the hit and caught up wearing all of the equipment, too, by the way.
Well, definitely. And while they're trying to do that, listen, that guy was ridiculous.
I did just a jackass comparing hockey to golf. What is that?
It's absurd. And the thing is, I've tried to play before and I consider myself a pretty athletic person.
Yeah. And to skate with the puck, I can handle that, but then you've got to lift up your eyes.
You better lift up your eyes.
It's in the same. It's difficult as hell. And these people that, I mean, I'll give golf one, oh, it's difficult to hit the ball consistently.
You know what I mean?
It would be difficult. If you give me a baseball and you ask me to throw it across the street and a target about two feet wide, it would be very difficult to do that, too.
It doesn't mean that anybody should want to watch it. It doesn't make it interesting. It doesn't make it exciting.
And there is no action. What makes sports exciting is action, drama, tension, the idea that there's any action in golf, there's nothing going on.
There's a guy that walks up and he waxed the ball. What kind of club did he use? How many yards did he hit it?
And then they all mosey along very slowly. They all mosey along. And the gallery, they mosey along and move on up.
And then we finally go to the next shot, the approach. And then we go to the green. And we're waiting to see him puttin.
And there's a lot of silence in it. First of all, any sport where they have to be silenced, you know, it's not exciting.
I'm falling asleep as he's right now.
Yeah, sing with your quest. Yes sir.
Taitami.
Okay. You got it.
Yes.
He's a pro-king, the pro-king.
And I tell you what I read a lot of was like, wasn't it Sam's Need? Was it Ben Hogan? I'm pretty sure was Sam's Need.
They used to put side saddle, you know, like a girl with his knickers on, you know, and he would like hit him.
I mean, he was a great golfer. I mean, if that's important to you, it's important to me.
No. But nevertheless. And he used to put like side saddle.
And like that was very, oh, look at that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound. I mean, see, like the playing bagpipes, the Scottish, we laugh at them. They're silly people.
Doesn't make them bad people, but they certainly are very silly people with a high stockings and the kills and the whole deal and the bagpipes.
We laugh at them. This is their game. This is their sport. This is their invention.
Here's a mobile and four-lotter deal. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're talking about guns and golf. You know what I should do? You should invent a golf club as a gun.
So they don't throw the golf clubs when they get first ready to shoot the caddy.
Uh-huh.
Okay, thanks for your material.
I think. Here's Coral Gables. Hello.
Can I stick to Neil?
Speaking.
Oh, hey, Neil.
I got two things I want to ask you.
I mean, golf isn't even a sport, man. I mean, really, you take away the club and it'll be really, it'll be called walking, you know.
I want to ask you two things. One thing is, I know you follow hockey, but what will be your second sport that you would consider?
That you like? I mean, even if you don't really like it, but what will be your most second tolerable sport that you can watch?
It's a toss up football baseball.
Yeah, it's pretty good. I'm not that much of either one of them anymore. They're both boring.
It's quite so watered down. People are pretend to get excited about the NFL. They're just faking it. It's it's garbage.
Yeah, we'll listen to Eddie and see who takes the point.
Right. Exactly.
And then, you know, it's interesting you mentioned that I was talking to my banking guy yesterday, my investment guy.
And we were talking about this place and about my job here. I got into a whole thing about that.
And he says, when you know, he says, I used to listen to that station all the time. He used to be a pretty good sports station.
But now, when I leave here every day and I go home driving, I listen to the financial stuff on the one station.
And I'll punch you over to your station. He says, all I've been here is gambling.
They're always talking about gambling. I don't even listen anymore. It's just not interesting.
It's terminal, man.
I mean, I have nothing against gambling. I was at the track last night, but I sure as I wouldn't be presumptuous enough to come on the year here today and tell the people what horses I better cashed on last night or lost on.
It's boring.
Going to do it is one thing. Right.
Listening to it over the radio. Right. That's almost as bad as those.
Well, there was two minute long soccer promotional.
Remember that? Those two days gone.
Oh, God. That's the only way ever. Yeah.
Two hours for a commercial. Whatever it was. That was ridiculous.
Hey, Neil, should we have reason to be enthused about this new American Airlines terminal for Miami or should we?
Hey, listen, a lot more room for the heroin in the hand grenades.
That is true.
Can you imagine if we can just tax all that stuff that goes on here, we can probably get out of bankruptcy in Dave County.
17 security checkpoints. Yeah. Right.
5.4 billion, baby. Thank God there's no graph going on there.
Oh, that's a great thing.
The fox is watching the chicken coop. The mayor says, well, we better have an oversight committee now. We better have some independent people.
Everybody that's in that airport, air be business that's in there. Everything that's going on in there.
This one, Shmere, that one and this one, Shmere, this one. And it was all right there in the herald.
And the people in this town, they're going, couldn't give a crap less.
Oh, yeah. Well, we like to go to Fort Lauderdale because they speak English, which you do have a good point after that thing I had last week.
But nevertheless, they'll just sit back and accept anything here because they don't care.
Like the woman said, I'm glad that she called because maybe I'm wrong. Maybe she's right and I'm wrong.
Maybe we're just supposed to be oblivious. Maybe we should just go through life with blinders on. You know, seeing a wave of hearing a kind of like Greg Reed, you know, that kind of deal.
Professionally oblivious.
Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello, North Miami, North or South or something like that. Yes, sir.
You know, if it's, if those three tragedies that happen in the last few days aren't mind-numbing enough, then you get these idiots from the press, from the media that come on and ask these most ins...
I mean, you know, they're asking somebody from the transportation agency, well, you know, what do you think? Did it blow up?
You know, it's a... I mean, they got to get a little...
Is it bigger than a bread?
No, it's your first bread, right?
So, you know, but if these guys are sucker enough to say something, you know, they're speculating and now it's going to be gospel.
Now, you know, the news has...
You know, something one of the worst things that ever happened to us was the advent of 24 hours news channels and sports channels.
This is one of the worst things that ever happened. That's why now after every sporting event, you see, you know, a dozen different silly people sitting behind that table with the press conference,
with a microphone in front of them, coaches and players and illiterate jobs all sitting there in front of a microphone.
And every time there's any kind of a news event, because they got all these hours to fill up, they milk it and they bleed it and they stick their microphone in front of everybody's got them face.
And they don't give it...
It's a sickness.
And they don't give it down what they fill it up with as long as they fill it up with something.
No matter how stupid, no matter how wrong it is.
I'll say it again now the most embarrassing things I ever saw was on Sunday morning I wake up in Toronto and I turn on the TV and they're talking about the plane crash.
And they got some correspondent in Cairo on the phone with Miles O'Brien.
And all of a sudden in the background, you hear some guy wailing and crying and the correspondent says,
oh well this gentleman standing over here to my right has just discovered one of his loved ones has perished on the plane.
Maybe I can hold the phone out here and you could...
And of course even Miles O'Brien, James, James, now we're gonna move on to somebody else, even he was embarrassed by it.
But how do you like that?
Maybe I can hold the phone out a little closer so we can hear him wailing and gnashing and crying.
Could you please cry for us a little louder? The world wants to hear your pain.
You know that twerk-tating crook today is interviewing, I guess the police chief, out in Seattle.
And he asks him, she says, you know it seems like all of these shootings are done by a white middle class men.
What do you think of that? What do you think of that? What's he supposed to think of that?
He's got a trad, he's looking for somebody who just shot up a bunch of people and he's got to make judgments as to what he thinks of that.
Yeah. It's just unbelievable.
I guess the guy in Hawaii must have been another one of those white middle class guys too.
Yeah exactly exactly. They all got glasses off.
I'll pray for us.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got two 300 lines for your approval.
Here we got the Hank Goldberg show at two. We got Hank with Bino at five, or Kurt Kroen hotline at six.
The booster at eight, Ed Kaplan showed from Flagler at the Naples.
I don't understand that. They have a Flagler racetrack in Naples. Is that what that means?
I don't understand. I mean I know they have a racetrack in Naples, a dog track.
But anyway he'll be over there in Naples. And go over there and pick a winner for him and maybe he'll chew it.
It's four minutes before one in QA.
Oh!
Oh!
Don't want you to play here!
I said it was for a second!
Oh boy! It's the one to two hour!
The legendary athlete, the extraordinary actor.
Now he debuts in his new action series.
OJ Sifton Stunner's Miami Slime!
Hey, hey, you lads!
Come on, step to feet!
The excuse is loose. OJ Sifton is the bar's cop named Bruno Mali.
The defeat streets of Edward, California, to the deadly streets of Miami, Florida.
Listen to OJ Sifton's ass-ticking cop dialogue.
So where were you last night at 7 p.m.?
Answer me, bitch!
Bitch! Bitch! The bitch is going to go to hell!
Miami Slime, starting OJ Sifton as Sergeant Bruno Mali.
The hard rough tough cop on duty.
But the loving dad off.
Dad?
Yes, dear.
What happened to mom?
The bitch is dead! The bitch is dead!
I feel the bitch!
I'm getting a room and going to your home, man!
Miami Slime, starting OJ Sifton as Sergeant Bruno Mali.
And NBC this Saturday.
Long live his loose!
101 at 5.60 WDQM.
So Joe Costello just brought in his numbers.
Everybody's got numbers now, you know what I'm saying?
He's always doing good on it.
Why not? It's auto racing.
Don't we love that?
Well, at least that's kind of a sport.
I'm not saying it's like a real sport, but it's kind of.
At least there's some danger there.
There's some excitement.
People get killed every now and then.
That's exciting, as opposed to the offer to just like barely even moving.
They're barely mobile.
Okay, there was a great line.
I guess if you take the clubs away, they call it walking.
That was great.
Yeah, if you take away their clubs and balls, I'm sorry.
So anyway, Joe Costello went at the Motorsport Sunday every Saturday morning,
6 to 7 a.m., men 25 to 54.
What?
Saturday.
What did I say?
I said Saturday morning.
He just sounded like Sunday.
Number two in the market, being a radio romantia, which of course is spick music with Saturday and the whole count.
So basically, he's number one.
Out!
With a 6.0 share in men 25 54.
That's pretty damn good for a little punk like him, you know what?
Nice going, Joe.
Average, oh, they're actually the Q in 10,500.
And average quarter hour, he's number one, whatever he is.
He's right up there.
He's right up there, he's doing it.
And we're going to put him over the top because Yo Costello deserves it, working for these grade robbers.
I'll guarantee you there's a hell of a lot more people into auto racing than there are in golf, for that guy to call about his rider cup,
which he sounded to me from his voice like somebody snipped it and the cup too.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60, what is with this week?
What is this week?
I can't get over fast enough to make me deliriously happy.
There is something this week that we're missing out on.
There must be a gigantic street party going on somewhere.
And we're missing out.
Here's a mobile in Dania.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
The nature is quiet.
Well, that's what they're all waiting for tomorrow.
You think they're waiting for tomorrow?
No.
I need your advice on a good bank here and so forth.
I have nothing to suggest you, sir.
I wish I could.
I spent the last 30 minutes waiting in line at the city bank in Dania waiting and waiting and waiting.
They got two thinking people pulling the other cash out of the drawers.
And I'm telling you about a mile long in the line was.
Yeah.
The guy stands up in the middle of the place and he says they need to drop the C from the name and add an SH.
I think that was right up there.
That's what I call it.
Exactly.
You got to find some small bank.
The only problem is when you find a small independent bank and about three, four months after you sign up with them, they get bought out by some big bank.
And by somebody like that or somebody you don't want to do business with, then you're screwed all over again.
It's pretty tough.
I wouldn't put it diamond that bank.
I just take it out.
Okay.
Okay.
Under the mattress, man.
Yeah, man.
Okay.
Right next to the ammunition.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I haven't even read my big hour by hour numbers here.
Have I?
I've saved the best for last.
Is I pat myself on the back again.
Nice job.
Oh, God.
Look at that.
The summer book.
The morning show, the worst team.
Person's 12 plus the entire audience.
Hour by hour.
At six o'clock, we got a 2.7 o'clock at 2.5.
Eight o'clock, we got a 2.6.
And they're 9 to 10 hour, a 2.31.
At 10 o'clock, I got a 6.3 here, a 6.6, a 5.1 and a 5.1.
Oh!
Then the Humper's got a 2.4, 2.7, 2.4, 2.4.
And the lowest two hours on the station, 6 to 7.7.
7.8 with a 1.5.
6 to 8, we might as well sign off.
6 to 8 p.m. with all due respect to whoever's.
Oh, we got the booster back down.
He'll put it up to a 1.6.
Wow.
1.5.
Then men 25.54 versus our target demographic in the mornings.
They got a 4.2 in the first hour, 5.1, 5.3.
4.2.
Not too bad, not spectacular for a spin.
Of course, that's a bunch of sports guys, not too great.
10 o'clock, we go from a 4.2 to a 10.3.
12.2, 10.5, 10.1.
And then at 2 o'clock, from a 10.1 to a 5.2.
Then it was 6.0 and a 4.8 and a 4.8.
And then again, 6 to 8 o'clock, we're off the year.
So those are the numbers.
Yo-Kas, Stellos got numbers.
We got numbers.
I'm not my bonus check.
We always got the employee of the month money
that they were given to me.
And George has got a new CD.
There you go.
George got some new CDs.
Not thanks to this place.
Thanks to our new close friend to what's your name?
Barb.
Barb, thanks Barb.
Anybody want any free CDs?
We'll come up with Barb with my good best friend in the world, Tracey Neely,
who's the greatest person on the face of the earth.
Here's Key Largo.
Hello.
Hey, yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm not calling for anything.
I just wanted to say happy birthday to you.
Thank you.
And I just also wanted to say,
you're building this new arena for the heat, right?
Yeah.
But I remember a couple of years ago they had on the news,
like the heat came when it's pulled out,
but it was because everybody came to see the Chicago Bulls.
So I don't think they need it.
Now they don't.
And that's about it.
So happy birthday.
Thanks a lot.
Can I call someone, Josh?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got, oh, a mobile-informed Myers, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, first time caller and long time listener.
Yes, sir.
I've been with most of the people today,
so I'm just going to have them gun control.
And happy birthday, please.
Thank you.
That caller about an hour ago regarding your local Myers station here,
70-70-70.
Oh.
What's the matter?
That made my skin crawl, that call.
Oh, yeah.
You know, the morning guy appeals to a certain element.
Yeah, but we don't want to talk about Fort Myers radio,
because nobody can hear it over here.
You see, I have like 10 of you guys,
which I appreciate listening in Fort Myers,
but I got 50 million people listening over here.
And nobody cares about Fort Myers radio.
Okay, I just wanted to tell you to avoid that day
at the morning.
I...
Okay, thank you.
He's taking off his glasses,
and he's laying them down on the console.
He's putting his right hand to his right eye
and rubbing the sand out of the corner of his eye.
He's getting himself into just the right mood to watch
10 or 15 holes of golf.
Championship golf.
Why I used to watch that when I was a kid,
because TV was in the early days of TV,
there was nothing else on on a weekend,
and I used to sit there and watch Championship golf.
Roberto Dbas Enzo, remember him?
No.
Oh, yeah.
Of course, I was a little kid.
I didn't know any better.
And there was another one of like two or three channels
that were nothing to choose from.
Championship golf.
Okay, hole 13.
It's a dog leg to the right.
Dog leg to the right.
How about a kangaroo leg to the right?
And we got two big sand traps there on the left.
We got two bunkers,
and we got R.T. is on the right,
and E.D. is on the left.
Two bunkers on the side of the course.
And a big oleick.
There's a water hazard.
Look out for the water hazard.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Congratulations.
On what?
On your birthday, on your numbers.
Oh, yeah.
Love you, Neil.
And on this dead ass audience, yeah.
Tell me something.
Make some sense out of this for me.
We can't spend $15 million to preserve the Miami Circle,
history and culture.
Good.
But we can...
I don't want to spend $15 cents to preserve it.
Okay, but...
I'm going to tell you right now, when they don't have enough kids.
What the hell was the name of that school, which I never had?
One call about that all day.
What the hell?
I wrote it down here somewhere in the school in Dave County,
where they don't have any security guards.
They got like one part timer now, but all hundreds of kids go in there,
because they don't have enough money to pay the security guards.
And they've got to have priorities.
Huh?
You're talking priority.
I'm talking about cents.
I'm talking about sane people, okay?
Who would demand that their kids be safe in school every day,
and I'll worry about preserving some goddamn piece of dirt somewhere.
All right, but page one in the herald is $300 million for a stadium for John Henry.
HB11 yesterday was about the Miami Circle.
Where are the priorities?
What does that mean?
$300 million they're looking for for a stadium,
but they can't come up with $15 million for the Miami Circle.
If we needed them.
Who says they're going to come up with a $300 million?
That's not what the story is.
No, the public.
That's what I'm saying.
That's not what the story says.
The story says he's going to give the profits back, which I'm certainly not in favor of.
What?
And no one, hey, exactly.
Why would he call on about that?
Nobody even cares.
I want you to do it in reverse, let him pay for the stadium, but we'll reimburse him in the profits.
Yeah, they're okay.
Can I do one thing for a card?
Go ahead.
John Henry, Vega-Hagen-Middek.
Okay.
Thank you.
5.670560.
I don't 560.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah, you are, man.
The answer, by the way, is still okay.
You're nobody's buying it.
Nobody's buying it into your grandiose new plan and your promises, and you're going to give us back 90% of the profits after inflation, of course, and after a very clever accounting, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, so on.
Create a finance.
The answer is still.
Oh.
How do you like that?
Much of a bullcrap.
This man has done everything but stand on his head to try to find some way to manipulate, to squeeze, to embarrass, to anything he can.
Even though he's not in it for the profit, you understand?
Yeah.
I got news for you.
Why don't you just be in it for the profit?
Sell a team to somebody else that's going to move into a city where does somebody interested in it.
Take the money and run, have a great life, and leave us alone.
How does that sound?
It sounds good to me.
And by the way, take some of that money and get it to the school, but there's a couple of security guards.
What the hell did I do with that thing?
I had it written on a little slip.
I think somebody's wearing it now.
QAM drops the green flag.
With Motorsports Saturday.
Oh, yeah.
One of the things that's fixed with Chocostello.
Right here on Sports Radio 560.
QA.
Thanks for calling.
How old?
I'm Tommy from TaiTommy.
I'm paying for the best Thai food and the best service.
As long as you're not black, comment down to TaiTommy or South Beach.
We ain't all like black people.
Stay down, keep well.
Besides, why black people are too expensive anyway?
We're not have right chicken on the menu.
Oh, wait.
I forget.
We have a spare ribs.
Look, Chang, I talk.
What are spare ribs on menu?
It's a button.
So, if you're not black, comment down to TaiTommy.
Come to think of it.
Those damn gay people.
We ain't all like them either.
Should they keep food?
But they talk too loud with funny lips.
They serve other customers.
No come back.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, lighten people.
You make reservation for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and expect your table.
We give it to somebody else already.
Lighten people are always late.
No black, no gay, no lighten in TaiTommy.
Enjoy your people.
You start bequiring our bill.
Who cares who have what?
Stay with the angle.
Set it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill.
We ain't all want you here.
No Jew, no black, no black, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better that everybody else.
Come play too much if we don't kiss your eyes.
You all not come back.
No white, no black, no Jew, no lighten us, no gay.
Everybody else for the best Thai food.
Come on down to TaiTommy.
Undepiece.
Hurry before we have to close.
Yes.
115 at 560 WQM.
Maybe Jacob would like to help my house and fix my pipe.
That sounds pretty.
Or by the way.
Thanks Barb.
God.
It's not great.
When we remaster these old, you know, you hear how great that sound?
And as if that wasn't enough way to hear.
Where the hell is it?
Way to hear.
Like I said, this is what we need in Jack lords.
That lunatic in a Y shooting everybody up.
And where the hell is Jack?
Where's wacky Jackie?
Well, we need him.
Oh, right.
Oh!
Thank you.
That was one of my favorite shows.
That was a great show.
You didn't like that show?
Oh, that's right.
You didn't like cops shows.
I'm sorry.
Not that George is a little hard to ask, but some of the best shows that were around Street to San Francisco.
That was a great show.
Kojak, great show.
Hawaii 5.0.
Great show.
All the same thing.
All the same thing.
Nobody know where Canon.
Great show.
Did they always catch their guy?
That's not the point.
The point is that they were...
Did he just bunker ever get cancer?
I guess he did.
Finally.
Yeah.
Damn it.
Well, once you remember somebody said there was nobody.
There's nobody ever gets cancer.
You know, you had a bunker house.
I think it was Howard Bealot said that.
Wasn't it Howard Bealot?
That's right.
Like I don't know who said that.
You know, you think that I'm old and feeble.
The old part is right.
Oh, so old.
Maybe tomorrow will never come.
Maybe that would be nice.
You know what?
Maybe we can just postpone it for a few years.
57.
I mean, I realized in Florida, 57 is not old at all.
But 57 in general terms, you know.
It's not a very nice number.
Not a good number.
57.
Don't like it.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I'm going to start with Happy Birthday because I'm going to be here tomorrow to call you.
Thank you.
I'm going to be out of town.
Okay.
I'm calling.
Where you going?
Washington, DC.
Oh, okay.
I always raised there.
So I'm back to visit some friends.
Anyway, I'm calling to add my voice to yours.
You are not the only one who's opposed to this gun idiocy.
Thank you.
And I am a former member of the NRI.
Good.
That's the best kind.
Absolutely.
At one time, years and years ago, I'm an old Goyam, one year behind you.
And a long time ago, the NRI actually worked in National Rifle Association.
Now it's the National Handgun Association.
Right.
Everybody go and get a gun.
When these people came out opposed to 20 round magazines for 9 millimeters, I told them goodbye.
Yeah.
And the problem is that there are more of this voicing it.
There's a lot of people out here that hate the guns.
We shut up and let the NRI have their way.
And that's...
Well, like that bitch that called earlier.
I don't know if you were listening to that earlier.
They wanted to say she doesn't have time to care.
Oh, yes.
That's beautiful.
Yeah.
I was in the car with her.
Isn't that lovely?
I don't have time.
I mean, she's somebody that we need to go over and examine it and see if there's a brain in there.
She will care when the guy walks into...
Right.
That's right.
Exactly.
And that's about it.
You know, I'm not a material, but I'm on your side and we'll talk to you later.
Thanks.
Have a good time.
All right.
By the way, here's one of Georgia's favorites.
Yeah, baby.
Even though he's a Scientologist.
Oh, he's a Scientologist?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Jesus.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Oh, no.
He's a Scientologist?
God, I have a bunch of assholes.
That's why we can't stand them.
Yeah.
You going to hell, new dad?
Okay, let's get rid of...
That's not for him.
Now, these really sound great.
Thanks a lot, Barrett.
I remember her name.
I mean, you know, she still got a long way to go to catch Tracy Neely.
After this.
Wow.
The Bravo All-Stars, which I just handled this with such great care.
There's only one thing in the world that I handled with greater love and care than the CD.
And you can imagine what that is.
Thank you, Tracy Neely and thank you, Barrett.
So we got some nice people to bring us all these great CDs, which I think I'm going to start playing a lot of music now.
We're not going to take calls anymore after the day, don't we?
No, seriously.
That because this...
Like what it is, here's a mobile in Sarasota.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing, man?
Pretty good, sir.
It's going to start costing this company a lot of money these calls, you know.
Old SUV end fan here, man.
All right.
Hey, I'm...
I'm looking for a lesser such.
I remember golf being just fun to go out and play.
Right.
There you go.
That's right.
Bad in around a little bit.
But, you know, hang out with your boys and stuff.
But to actually, you know, get that...
That's a bad...
That's a ball, is it, right?
To compare it to the NHL or even the NFL, man.
Or any real sport.
It's a joke.
But, um, I'll try to order your CDs and keychain.
Right.
You guys don't take the Scarborough card?
We don't.
No, there's no saying forward.
It just says match card, visa, American Express.
Got a real card.
Yeah, get a real card, come on.
Got a real card.
Yeah, let's go.
Hey, I kind of like them, man.
Tell me, do it by check.
No, no, I gotta go to four Myers now and get it.
There you go.
I had to be the greatest thing.
You're not a Sarasota.
It's not all bad.
I used to work there.
Hey, compared your age 57, man.
You're a teenager over here.
That's right.
Oh, I have a great day, pal.
Better.
Good luck.
Yeah, Sarasota.
That's, in fact, the whole West Coast, you know,
we like to think how old it is over here.
And the joke always used to be the grandparents
of the old people here, moved to St. Petersburg.
And their grandparents moved to Sarasota.
And their great grandparents moved to...
...four Myers.
You know what I'm saying?
Boy!
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T-WARVUS line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
To my embarrassment, I'm a seasoned ticket holder to the Marlins.
Oh, you're the one.
Yeah, I'm the one.
Well, they sent me, I am the invoice for the year 2000 already.
So I wrote them a little letter back and stayed at three points.
Number one, John Henry says, I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
You know, John Henry is a pile-driving man.
You didn't know that, don't you?
Well, that may be.
That's why all those hemorrhages are spouting up all over town.
Second thing, I just said, Neil says, no.
And the third thing I told him, if I want to watch Little League Baseball,
I'll go down to the city park and watch it for free.
That's right.
And probably you'll get an entertainment.
I just said, no.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Exactly it.
Neil, and to celebrate your birthday, I'm going to Reno tomorrow.
All right.
Have a great time, pal.
Thanks, Neil.
Just to remember us.
I will.
Okay.
We get half.
Oh!
That's Tracy.
She's a goddess.
She really is.
Are they still playing this part of the one?
I don't know.
I got the dress here.
I remember there's a flying boy, so I say this.
I remember there's a flying boy.
I say this.
I remember.
I remember it.
That's how many of you have gone blind.
It's not a song I've talked about.
What was wrong with that?
I was pretty good.
Where's Nick Park?
Hello?
Hello.
Hello.
Well that's a great record.
I'll tell you, you won't hear it anywhere else in the world right here.
Do they want to hear it?
No.
Just something.
There's an ingredient missing.
You know what I see here and I talk about Amsterdam and Rome and all these other places.
There's just something missing.
There are missing ingredients here.
Missing links is like, you know.
Like here, that's the big thing they want to talk about is golf.
You know, golf.
They talk about golf and Amsterdam?
No.
They might talk about balls over there, but there's certainly not golf.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, I'm from South Africa and I fly back occasionally.
And when I get on to that plane, these guys standing at the counter handing in these big
freaking rifles that they're going in to go and shoot these lions and tigers and these
animals.
And the funny thing is, they're why standing next to them look like they're shriveled
up.
It's unbelievable.
They're why.
Yeah.
It's something that, and you look at these guys in the plane and they're there, they're
got all these leather and they're, they're snake skinned this and snake skinned that
and they're completely literate.
I mean, there's no way they could read a book or anything.
And it's unbelievable.
All those leather guys, you have to see them at the table, they can answer them all the
time.
And when you actually go there and you see these animals and how anybody can kill them,
it's unbelievable.
It's amazing.
And then closing Neil, I'll tell you, your call must be something else.
If you're talking about arguing with you about where the golf's good or bad or bad.
All these things that are going on in the world, they don't care about that.
All you got to do is that I think golf is not a sport.
I can tell you that.
Listen, this is the important stuff here.
I mean, who cares when you think about golf, the people you enjoy, watch it if you don't.
Yeah, if you like it, go, go suck it up.
And Neil, I'll see you at Schulten Friday night.
Where?
Schulte.
Oh, and Schulte, okay, it's not going to.
They'll see me in Schulte.
Well, he's seen me in Schulte.
Oi!
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, and I never got to my kids' guy in the Bible today, the good stuff.
Oh geez.
Oh, I started to say, chit, that's a gambling thing.
It's a gambling thing.
It's a cheeseless thing.
I said, cheeseless.
I almost said, sh, I had like, I was going to say that and then two or three other things.
It came out cheap.
Which some people are full of, obviously, if you heard these calls today.
I love that book, by the way.
No, this is a great book and I want to thank my close friend from the track.
I wish I could think about her name again that brought this to me at the pizza loft.
Oh, this is great.
Ken Smith, paperback book on Black Books, Ken's Guide to the Bible.
The Bible isn't a book, but a collection of books with around 20 letters thrown in as well.
Any attempt to read it's cover to cover, usually proves aggravating as many Bible books repeat what others have already described and usually not in chronological order.
One of the best things that I love in here is where he gives the different versions of what's in the Bible and the fact that they're politically, you can tell the politics who have ever wrote it by the way it's presented.
The New International, but this is from Ezekiel 2320.
The New International Bible, there she lusted after her lovers, whose genitals were like those of Donkeys and whose emission,
scored, scored, like that of horses.
The New Revised Standard Bible, she lusted after her paramores there, whose members were like those of Donkeys and whose emission,
scored, scored, was like that of Stadions.
The King James Bible says she dots upon their paramores, whose flesh is as is the flesh of asses and whose issue was like the issue of horses.
And the good news Bible says she was filled with lust for over-sextemen who had all the lustfulness of Donkeys and Stadions.
Scorch, Scorch, how do you like that?
All right!
Wow!
What do you got to say about that?
You call that a penis?
Man.
So a lot of, I guess that must be in the Dong Talk chapter in the Bible on the Old Testament.
A lot of Dong Talk in there.
26 after 1 at 5, 60 W at QAM.
The paracate f****** blow!
I think it's time I said the renter straight about not friend George Bush.
Some people say he wear no design at George Bush.
He'll be a George Black man so what's the point?
Because as the candidate George Bush is fine, so what if he start to have a life?
Well he's a death damn candidate I've seen.
I don't care if the Thompson Fatamay, who is in Clinton, was it taking mine?
No, he was too much. He did a lot.
I guess I just don't understand what the big deal is.
We've had a letter of president, so now it's been done, nothing or another.
Make Gerald Ford for instance.
Obviously he was on the phone, otherwise why was he falling down all of a sudden?
And take Jimmy Carter for example.
But because he was so hopped up on stunt liberals, he didn't even know there were odd to just for the first eight months.
Why even white Mike don't watch you too much?
I do believe the only reason I jumped down the cherry tree was because you had the munchies.
Like a body.
132 at 560 WQAM.
567.
0560 in all over South Florida.
0560 on the AT&T line.
And our brand new ex...oh look at that, we got a call in four Myers.
I sure hope it's not about radio. Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay sir.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
I got your CD at the spec with four Myers.
Great.
Excellent.
Yeah, my family laughed their ass off when they heard body augmentation.
There you go.
Oh, loved it, you know, loved it.
Listen, got a question.
When is the next appearance in Miami?
A week from Saturday.
Okay, let me get this rewrite this down.
We're at sir.
Becks and coral gables.
What's the address?
George 15, watt 1570.
South Dixie Highway.
It's right across the University of Miami on U.S.1.
Dixie Highway.
Okay, U.S.1 and Dixie Highway.
Well, U.S.1 is Dixie Highway.
Okay, yeah, sorry about that.
All right, not this Saturday, but the one after.
Right, November 13, noon to two.
I see.
All right.
Well, you hang in there and you're okay?
I'm hanging.
Is George for Stacker?
No, I don't think not this week.
I love you, Mike.
Okay, see you.
Maybe next week.
Maybe next week at that swing club, you think he might think?
No.
Don't be telling people when you go to that swing club, by the way.
Let me tell you again.
567-0560, pound 560.
Can Jenny be there with 6,000 playing closed Dix on that particular day?
That's all you need.
Here's a mobile in Pepper Pine.
Hello.
I want to meet you.
Yes.
Happy birthday to you, darling.
Thanks.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
A couple of things.
That guy to call before from Dixie, if I didn't know him, but I scored it with my father.
Yeah.
He quit the NRA for the same reason.
He made goddamn fanatics.
And I also called you a couple weeks ago.
My wife went to a Vegas on business.
They flew me out there.
Fabulous time.
I had a great time.
We're just there.
That's the new frontier.
Oh, you already told me this, didn't you?
No, I told you I was going.
Oh, that's right.
I don't know if it's so much where we model on the thing.
We're still a dump.
Yeah, we're still picking out in the front.
Yeah, well, they were in front of the module.
They were?
Yeah, the bartender's union.
I guess they were mad because they're using Mexican bartenders or something.
Oh, boy.
Anybody that goes out there to cannot find the Rosewood Girl needs to have their head in the back.
I mean, I cannot find that place.
It's right on the strip.
It's right up from the Imperial Palace.
Yeah, I was a little bit.
The lake is too.
I took my wife there for a birthday dinner.
I'm mentally, I enjoy it immensely.
I came and saw you at a pizza lot a couple weeks ago.
And one of the thank you was it was a real pleasure to meet you.
I had a great time.
I was a guy that called a remor, Mr. Remor.
Oh, god.
Don't do that.
You're going to pick this stuff up.
Okay.
I have a guy that had a good time, pal.
Thank you, buddy.
You have a good birthday now.
Okay.
Everybody goes to Vegas whether they lose their ass, win a million, whatever it is.
They have a great time.
We were talking about that the track last night.
By the way, what's the place?
What's the four seasons in the Mandalay Bay?
I don't want to mention that one of our friends at the track last night was on and on.
Oh, that's the best of all.
Four seasons in the Mandalay Bay.
So just to get even with them, I'm going to keep touting it on the air so that they run out of rooms
and you can't get in there again.
Because they've only got like 260 rooms.
Very expensive, I'm sure, but he says the top of the lines by Techeter right across from the MGM, Kitty Corner.
And it hasn't sunk yet, by the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
The Florida line is 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, NEO.
That's our pool question today, which is really a sport, auto racing or golf?
See, there are things that are games.
Chess, nobody would say Chess is a sport.
Chess is a game.
Monopoly.
It's a game.
Shuffleboard, not a sport.
It's a game.
In fact, I see much similarity between shuffleboard and golf.
Pool.
Pool.
You're putting a ball at the pool.
Pocket pool.
Pocket billiards.
You're sticking it in the hole.
You're sticking your finger in the hole, by whatever.
Not a sport.
It's a game.
And they've had all these billiards chain that willing my skull on the air and all the billiards chain.
I mean, you know, it's a skill or there's no question about that.
But it's not a sport.
It's a game.
Golf's not a sport.
It's a game.
It's a goddamn game.
Can't you get it?
No.
Oh, no, no.
It was hockey players that hand the fly coordination.
Yeah, Graham James said he liked that.
Here's the mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Neil, this one, or did you read the Sun Sentinel today?
Yes, I did.
I see it with great regret.
The section in the back.
I know you're a great fundraiser of the Center One project.
Mm-hmm.
But did you read the back about the immunoglobulin therapy in the doctor's offices and what's going on in that arena?
In Moderna.
In terms of not paying for the age patients to get their treatment anymore?
No, I did not read that.
Please read that.
I don't want to take up a lot of your time, but somebody needs to talk about that because all it's going to happen is everybody's going to go back in the hospital and we just suffered a major setback.
What was this a state thing?
Is it a federal thing?
It's a federal thing.
And basically, you know, by infusing this product, it actually, the small infections that will kill age patients, it has been minimized through this modality of treatment.
Right.
And they don't want to pay for it anymore.
There you go.
Sign America, pal.
Unbelievable.
I'll take a look at it. Thanks.
Thank you.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay, we've got 4800 open lines and we got another 22 minutes to go until Hank comes along at two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 T wireless line.
A day before his 57th birthday, a grown man with a big fat check in his pocket sits in a chair somewhere in North aid County, Florida, begging for people to talk to him about anything in the world, anything at all, anything on their mind for 23 and a half years.
This man has vaguely fought the good fight has sat in that same chair with his big fat pimple old Julie Faggy ass.
Begging and pleading and pushing and squeezing, doing his damnedest to try to entertain to amuse, to titillate, to anger, to do anything to inject just a little teeny tiny bit of life into an otherwise completely dead place.
And that man tomorrow 57 years, he'll have lived on the face of the surf and he's still sitting there.
Begging and pleading and squeezing and cajoling praying and hoping that somebody might respond like a voice in a wilderness.
Hello.
And he hears way off in the distance.
Yeah, yeah, that's what he hears.
Let's do it again.
Yeah, it's getting better.
It's getting closer.
It's here.
Must be adjacent 21 before boy that kid he really can that kid cut out.
I'll be honest with you, I can cut him with the best of him.
But boy, he cuts him and it scatters the not just the building, not just the room, the neighborhood.
They're alive.
Oh, it's alive.
That's one of my favorites.
I got to get that.
I've got to get that.
We got to get that.
It's alive.
Which believe me, if you find anything alive down here, you want to grab it.
So that was fun.
It was fun.
It was fun.
It was fun.
It was fun.
Oh, right.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
It's more than 60 times.
Yeah.
Play it from back and forth.
Yes.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him, Bradley.
He's gonna win the race.
People of him called me here's an Alpertor.
Did I mention that he is an Alpertor?
Yes.
He played for the myth.
Oh, he doesn't borrow sick.
Yeah, we love him because he isn't Alpertor.
Not Al Gore.
Not Al Gore.
Not Al Gore.
Not Al Gore.
Yeah, he's not Al Gore.
I'll play it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
Mostly because he's not boring Alpertor.
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
I'm hoping that my memory is failing in my advanced days.
I'm hoping that the day that we had the discussion about the Beach Boys and Marvin Gaye
that you didn't tell me that the Beach Boys were better than the doors.
No, I didn't say that.
Oh, I'm just told I'm sure that you wouldn't.
I mean, nobody else.
Well, I mean, I realized that we went through several different groups and you went to the Beach Boys.
And I love the Beach Boys, but they certainly weren't better than Marvin Gaye.
But the idea that I mean the doors were just unbelievable, just fantastic.
And speaking of the doors, and of course, remember when Jim Morrison was here in Miami,
long before I came here, but that's a legendary story, don't you think that because the only way to separate between Al Gore and Bill Bradley
would be to have them get up there on stage for the next debate and have them unzip their flies?
No, sure.
Because that's the only possible difference there could be between the two of them
because they're both tall or both wooden.
And I think that whichever one is the biggest penis should be the candidate.
Because one thing we don't want is the president with a very small penis.
So that's basically it.
And I promise you I won't look.
Here is Bokeh. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I wanted to talk about this gun issue.
The gun issue, yes.
Yeah.
I don't understand why you want to ban all guns.
What's up with that?
What's up with what?
You know, the only people you're going to heard are the good people.
Yeah.
You mean like the ones that got shot in Hawaii, the two days ago, and the ones that got murdered?
Oh, I understand.
Is there anything about the people that get the guns, that do things like that, they don't go down the door and die?
How come they get them off?
How come they can't, they already lost their 4, half of them in Canada right across the border
where most people can't get guns at all.
And all these people are getting shot left and right.
How's that, sir?
Sir?
Yeah.
I'm waiting for the answer.
Oh, that's a whole different country.
You can't get them guns at all.
It's quite a great place to cross the border.
Have you ever been to Canada?
No.
Well, I'll never let you're asking.
You never make it to customs.
Wow.
It's the ignorant people.
The people have never been anywhere.
They've never experienced like what it's like to walk around in a place where you don't have to worry about anybody's going to shoot you.
You're not going to have like, and then they had, it's getting worse there.
They had a shootout in a clothing store, kidney corner from the hotel I stayed at downtown Toronto a couple of weeks ago.
In fact, it was the day before I got there.
It was the weekend that we had the storm.
And I took the extra day off and got punished me, like giving me the flu or whatever that was from that bad weaning, whatever the hell I got.
Well, it was that weekend that day before I got there, they had a shootout.
There were shots fired into the store and shots fired out.
But nevertheless, it's November already.
They've had 39 murders in Toronto, a city of 500 people all year so far.
So I've probably went up to you with about 45 or 50, maybe.
And in Detroit, a city of probably about similar in size, actually even smaller, they've had about 400.
Must be just a coincidence, huh?
If you make it difficult for people to get guns, not as many people are going to get shot.
What a revolutionary goddamn concept, huh?
And this little pudwacker sitting there, I know, that's a whole different country, yeah.
That's a whole different country.
We ought to take him to Niagara Falls and put his ass in a barrel.
Let him experience it up close and personal.
Here's Miami, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
Great. Listen, I've been a fan of yours probably a month now.
I've been listening to you and I really think your show is great enough.
All right.
I wanted to ask you one question and two of favorites.
The favorite is after I hang up, when you go down break, if you could play the back street boys' charity, when you get back.
Which one?
The one where they say, I swear we're not.
Okay, we got it.
Okay, and the other is we're talking about sports, you know, what's your opinion on tennis?
I'm an avid fan and I run the tennis center over here.
Yeah, tennis is a sport.
Okay. What do you think?
Well, I do personally. I work out every day and it's really tough.
Well, first of all, in tennis, you've got two people batting it back and forth at the same time.
You know, kind of like sex.
They're like batting it back and forth.
Whereas in golf, I mean, one guy steps up there.
Golf is just a game.
Right, right.
I get to you.
Yeah, I think so.
You go to tennis one on one to only sport where...
The only thing I don't like about tennis though, it's the one thing it hasn't come up with golf.
It's the only other so-called sport where the crowd has to be hushed.
You know, where everybody has to be real quick.
To me, I mean, unless there's a lot of crowd noise, it must be boring, you know.
It takes a liking.
I mean, I've been playing it for years though.
Of course I like it.
But I just wanted to get your input.
Well, all I can say is Mark Phillip Pouss is good.
And have a great day, Pat.
Oh, I take care.
There you go. See, I know my Greeks.
I mean, I know he's Austroidian, actually.
Is he Austroidian or is he Greek?
He's a Greek guy from Austroidia.
Oh, there you go.
He's okay.
He never stole a freight train at Mark Phillip Poussie.
Where we going?
A mobile in the Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah. I just want to give a shout out to my friend Herb's and have him live at Listen of Yours.
How you doing, Herb?
Kind of got me on to listen to your show a little bit.
Just want to make a comment.
I heard your song about the Tommy Tighting.
Yeah.
And just as he's going to get sued, he might be get sued also for taking down his business.
Who's that?
The Tommy Tight song you did before?
The name of it.
This is different.
