Sports Radio 560, WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We've talked to Neil called 567-0560, told free for data.
I'm going to tell you.
Count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast groups.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560, QAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Living in Miami can be very classy.
With no consent to the old,
my decision is fresh off the boat, I've got things.
It's no matter to be, I don't care.
I don't care.
Outside of school, you said just being.
The Florida is boring.
It's all the parking lots, early birds and those barns don't f**king be.
It's a really sweet, but I don't care.
I don't care.
Whatever happens to all the footage we do have,
nobody gives a crap, and it controls my tomatoes.
It's the land of the great dead, so I prefer to scratch my balls instead.
I don't care.
I don't care.
All right.
Exactly.
1003 at 560 WQM, I made a bad, bad move this morning.
I think I'm going to be making several more moves before too much longer.
Yesterday, our good friend Shannon works at the Outback Steak House,
which we love them.
They love me.
I guess it was a belated birthday gift and she came here with a big,
big plastic container of that great walk-about soup.
It's my favorite.
It's a cheat.
If you ever had that cheese and onion soup, loaded with pepper,
it's really good.
It was packed with ice, and I should have taken it home.
I got about halfway home and I thought to myself,
I left that guy on the floor in the studio.
I walked about to see 40 gallons of that stuff in there.
I figured when I'd come in the morning, I'd throw it out.
While I come in this morning, the thing is still cold.
It had been in ice and it was all wrapped up real tight.
I said, did your castellal that?
It looks like that's the, or I said,
do it, yeah, bluff andjo.
That's still good, isn't it?
They said, oh yeah, huh?
Wow.
I had three cups.
I took a very innovative, I took a little coffee cup,
swigged it down in there because you have to wipe off the outside of the coffee cup.
Put that thing in a microwave for about two and a half minutes.
And you got three delicious cups of great soup.
Put you in the equivalent of a lot of bowl.
That's all I had.
But you know something about that stuff, it's good, but...
You know, make it sh-
Oh boy, I have a feeling already, already.
Already.
I have a feeling I'm gonna be racing up and down this hallway.
In fact, I may not make it to the door.
So you think it smelled a little gaming in here in this side yesterday?
Just wait.
I may not make it to the door.
It was delicious.
And of course, it might have also had little...
Fatsalism growing in there too, for all I know.
I think I made a real, real bad mistake.
But it was good.
It was delicious.
Thanks to our friends at the Outback Steakhouse,
where they're best in the world, don't walk about soup.
Yeah, you'll be walking about if he had enough of it.
I'll guarantee you that.
You'll be doing the green apple quick step.
So yesterday I was talking about this thing about the art style season
with finger printing the priest.
And you see, when you're...
I don't even know why I dignified it.
Why would I even dignified it?
Stop and think what that means.
All you catlicks out there.
Stop and think what that tells you.
That these people are under such a cloud of suspicion.
So untrustworthy, they have to be fingerprinted.
But...
But at the same time, think about this.
What evidence are they going to find with fingerprints?
Do fingerprints leave a mark on all their boys?
I mean, I don't think so.
And not only that, but if they were going to take prints,
they probably got to be taken tongue prints.
And pom prints, not fingerprints.
Tongue prints is what sounds like they need to be.
Yeah.
A father wrote a tool.
Could you stick your tongue out here?
Look now we're not going to put away for on it.
We just want to take a tongue print to see if your words...
Your tongue prints are young eugenio's f***ing habits.
Stop and think about this.
And you people are continuing to subsidize this air every Sunday.
This weekend, you'll go to church and you'll stick your...
...delaudes in that damn muck.
And they'll pass the plate and you'll stick your cash in there.
They're even, even if it's radio station,
we don't even fingerprint the salespeople, which we probably should.
Probably should start that very soon, especially the management types.
But they're fingerprinting your priest.
Did we have any calls on yesterday?
No.
Fingerprinting members of the clergy, religious and lay,
pardon the expression workers, and volunteers yesterday.
They did it.
They did it.
Disgusting, grotesque.
By the way, the All-Star Balance for the NHL
are going to be handing out at the macaroon at tomorrow night.
I want to urge all of my friends and even those who hate me like poison,
the great injustice in the history of the NHL,
they leave very witness to the law.
They put Victor Coslov on the ballot.
A walking stiff, a man who's, if they were still playing in the Miami Arena,
you could trace the prints in the ice.
The figure eights that S.A.T. can use to do,
Victor does the figure eights in the same spot in the ice.
Big swooping, he's up, he's around,
he's there, I'll be shot at 10 feet wide.
But anyway, so Victor Coslov is on there.
Am I going to be voting for him?
No.
No, but nevertheless, Ray Whitney, who I'm sure is a little bit distressed and dismayed
and embarrassed, and they'll be able to be embarrassed.
They left his name off there.
We got Robert Spailon there.
Will we vote for him?
Yes, we will.
He's the leading defenseman scoring the league right now.
He's having a big year.
But Ray Whitney, the wizard,
so when it comes to,
now they do it by position because I forgot.
I'm sure that they do.
So when you get to left wing, you put down Ray Whitney,
you're right there in there, okay?
Everybody who shows up at the Macarena for the Buffalo Panther Game of Rada,
be sure to get 20 or 30 of those ballots for the All-Star voting
and right in Ray Whitney's name,
because he's not on there,
and we're pretty pissed off and fired up about.
Aren't we pretty disgusted with that?
Because the wizard got a big pair of baby.
He's about, you know, when Pavell's not in there,
when Pavell's busy nursing is injured,
Ray is the great white hope.
I'll tell you that right now.
See, there you go again with that white stuff right off the bat.
Oh, I got a lot of things to tell you about that racial stuff.
Because we need to have an interpreter today.
Maybe we can have somebody interpret that.
Because that line yesterday,
you put us out.
You put us out.
See, I'm not what that means.
Do you know what that means?
See, even Robert doesn't know what that means.
And he hangs with all the darkies.
But he doesn't know what that means.
You put us out.
Yeah, I know I put my dogs out when he got a dog to do it.
And I'm going to be doing a little while.
I put them out.
I just, I don't speak that lingo.
I don't get it.
Here's coconut cream.
Hello?
Coconut cream.
How you doing, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I took your advice in order to some key chains about a month ago.
I was wondering how long it takes to get them.
How long it takes to get them?
Yeah, I've been waiting about a month now.
Yeah.
Well, I just got a hundred.
They haven't had them for a month.
We've only had them for about two weeks, I think.
Oh, OK, that's fine.
Actually, they showed up on the day we needed the pizza off thing.
Yeah, you'll be getting it soon.
OK, my next show, I'm getting the opportunity to go to the hockey game on Saturday.
Yeah.
It's worth even going.
Is it worth going?
Sure, it should be a good game.
OK, that'll be a good day.
Buffalo is hot, huh?
That'll be a good day.
And Pavol might play, but don't put the ranch on it.
OK, Pael, he's not going to play.
All right.
And the last thing, yeah, you were really promoting Phil Hendry, like a month back.
And all my friends were really sucking his ass there.
They're so buried up there, it's pretty pathetic.
Yeah.
Every time I go in the work, I got to come in, switch over to Neil,
because these guys got their heads so far up his ass.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
So, after they hear Margaret for the 80th time, they'll find a good territory.
I'm telling you, and these guys think it's the greatest thing.
I got to come in, they told me to listen to Neil.
Then this guy comes along and they're sucking ass.
Oh, well, that's how it pumps you are.
You know, they're fickle.
Can I get a, he's an asshole for all those guys at the big store.
He's an asshole.
Okay, pal.
All right, buddy, I'm going.
Put it away, just come down.
Wipe it off, put it away, relax.
Phew.
Nine minutes after 10 to 560 WQ, I've seen the most fickle audience of the young male audience.
I know that.
So, you know, there are probably a lot of them over there.
Are you positive?
You know, sampling.
They're all over the place.
They're probably on a laughin', too.
They're probably checking out those great two alive Jews there in midday.
And at the station, it doesn't exist.
How's Barry Jackass doing by the way?
You know, they were doing the same thing on Hank, show yesterday.
I wonder what ever happened with him.
Did he come with a butterfly that didn't take Barry away?
Uh-huh.
He just crumbled yesterday.
He just lost it.
Even Hank, who hates him like poison, was starting to get concerned.
That maybe Barry would be coming down here.
Because it ooze you or something like that, or maybe just oozing, uh, drooling, and what he usually does.
You've lost it, Barry.
You've lost that love and feeling, sweetheart.
Nobody repulses you more.
They're funky.
They're old.
They're the California proof.
You're when you're getting old and clang, and your time's to pay it every day.
Oi!
He works on a wrist, and that's the sure.
And so for you, he got the cure.
Just eat some more.
Ah, he's the best, have a day.
And there's lost your class, so Barry.
He's the three more than they think, called and they're tasty.
Madam, you're so tasty.
He expects his nice buddies on white sass.
Just eat some food.
Grab your glass.
I'm the body, yeah.
I'm the body, you see I saw the body, yeah.
I'm the body, I'm the body.
California proof.
What a weirdo girl.
That's 15 at 560 WQM.
I think that first caller is right on to it today.
So I guess we'll play the music between 10 and noon every day.
That sounds good, and as soon as the spills tapes are done,
then we can start doing a show.
Because the guy from Orlando called a couple of days ago,
he opened up a real Pandora's box.
Remember that?
That actually stimulated like two days worth of show for some strange reason.
They're very paranoid.
Are you sure about that whole deal?
Not that I am, because they pay me one way or the other.
They've been spoiled by these big numbers for a long time.
I say it's time we get it down to a bottom.
Yeah, nice even number like that.
You know, it's not complicated when you get it down to a bottom.
That's the people up at 1900 on the dial.
So if anybody got a call or explain that to me,
what that dark talk means when they say,
you be putting this out, what does that mean?
You put this out yesterday.
I said, what would it, yeah, put it out, you sock sucker.
Whatever the hell you said, something like that.
Yeah, sock sucker.
But you notice that our dark, complexed friends,
they must be really pissed off with me lately,
because they're not, they have all of a sudden
the cats got their tongue.
No matter what it is, whether it's a thing with a taxi cab driver,
which I think is a great topic, by the way,
went over like a pregnant pole vaulter.
Very important topic.
Why does Rudy Giuliani have the right or anybody else
have the right to force a taxi cab driver
to pick up somebody who looks dangerous,
no matter what color they are?
Suppose it was like maybe the purple people leader,
but they have to pick him up.
Yeah, there you go.
Even if he was like armed, like an oozy,
and with the hand grenade,
we still have to pick him up.
Thank you Rudy.
Hey, but you'd be putting this out.
And then of course, wait till we get to the story again.
We got another restaurant to scandal here.
And it's always with these Thai restaurants.
What is that all about?
We got Taitoni over there on the beach.
Who's having his own problems, board Tony.
See, I hate to break the news to you.
I realize that Niel is always coming up with these brilliant solutions
like DNH, it's too simple.
But how about just adding the 15 cent tip on all the time?
Just tapping that thing on every check.
And then if somebody wants to leave more of the service
was really good, more power to you, like in Europe.
Like in places where they always do it,
it's a matter of course.
How about doing that?
No, I'm sorry.
Because then we couldn't have all this fun with these stories.
The latest story is an Thai restaurant called Thai Chitralata.
Huh?
That's what it's called.
Thai Chitralata.
A Pembroke Pines Thai restaurant.
That's what they said.
It'll make you cheat a lot is what it said.
If you eat that too much food, it'll make you cheat a lot on your exams.
Jay, a Jean Marie Davis took her 60-year-old daughter to Pembroke Pines Thai food restaurant on Monday.
Or did a chicken, a chicken entree.
Does that tell you what the complexion they might be, huh?
A chicken entree, even in Thai restaurants.
I'm surprised she wasn't wanting a watermelon for dessert.
Oh, she did?
And was surprised when she got to Bill, a 15% tip had been added.
When Davis 28 of Hollywood asked the restaurant owner why he added the gratuity,
you were $29.75 Bill, she said the owner told her because I knew you weren't going to leave a tip.
Davis however thought it might be because she is black.
She thought of the case of Charles Thompson, a black businessman who called 911
after he made me a restaurant in Tytonia and picked up his bill but didn't do so with the white dinners at the next table.
First of all, what are dark folks doing eating an entire restaurant to begin with?
It's not your bag, baby.
It's okay if you eat in a deli. Understand that.
Dark folks love delis.
That's why the Jews and the blacks got so much in common because they like deli.
There's nothing like a good bowl of your filter fish.
Huh? Like some kishki? Oh, boy. Those parts love their kishki or what.
But Thai food. Is this just a coincidence or what?
You don't think that Jean-Marie Davis, I mean I don't know who this lady is,
but it just seems suspicious to me that we had one black guy go into a Thai restaurant on the beach not too many days ago
and now the state is suing in a big song and dancing to everything else and calling 911.
I mean let's face it, wouldn't you call 911 if somebody added a surcharge on your bill?
911.
Yeah. I'm a little suspect of that, to be honest with it.
There is a solution for your boys and girls just add the 15% on every check,
even the light-complexed folks. And then you don't cut no problems.
You don't have to worry about cheap frogs, cheap sparses, cheap Cuban, cheap old Jews.
You don't have to worry about any of that. And then you can take care of your health
and give them that two and a half bucks a day or whatever they're going to get.
But I'll tell you, our black people in this audience,
they have, like the cat has got their tongue.
Because there are so many decisions lately because I hate to break the news to you,
but unfortunately race is still a big thing in this country.
5,670, 560, 05,560 on the AT&T line.
Maybe we'll hear from some cab drivers today. What do you think?
No. I'm really surprised because I know all the cab drivers,
even the ones that don't speak English, they do listen to this show.
Did we hear from one yesterday about this thing with the cab drivers?
Have it a pickup, folks, that there's a spacious 7-0 want to pick up.
And taxi cab drivers being the most dangerous profession of them all,
even twice as much as some of the police. And we still didn't hear from them.
5,670, 560, 05,560 on the AT&T line. And that now famous American line,
877, 785, 0. 785, 6345.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Neil. Yes, sir.
A couple of things. First of all, I think you owe the Hispanic community an apology.
For what?
For making references to yesterday's two murders.
When I mentioned they looked like Hispanics, you immediately took a shot.
But that's on a minor note.
I don't know anybody in apology.
Okay. I think it was the reporter and I think you jumped on the bandwagon.
But anyway, like that.
I'm not retracting. In fact, here's another one.
I don't like that. I'm not retracting anything, sir.
That was enough. But let me jump to my second subject.
Let me just tell you this, sir. If you want an apology.
I will, I give it to you.
Anyway, join in. Go ahead.
I do want an apology. I'll give it to you.
I will, I give it to you.
Anyway, but my point is, yeah, stop it.
Yeah. Stop it.
And the only switch it over here.
Anyway, I'm on the black issue.
In the tips, they do not tip.
On the black?
The black's not tipping.
Tips, you said.
Right, right, tips.
And I have a theory on that.
I think because the fact was that America used them as servants for so many years
and never tipped them, I think they're trying to get back out of smell.
Okay, let me draw. I'm following the dots.
You know the thing where you connect the dots?
Right, right.
Trying to figure out what's dot mean.
I think I'm going to put you up.
I'm going to have to put you up.
I put them out.
Is he out?
Uh-huh. Good.
Yeah, you put us out.
You put us out. You sock sucker.
Does anybody know what that means?
No.
We don't. Speak English pal.
Then we can have a conversation.
You little lock sucker.
I don't get it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
The American line for the entire US of a 877-785
Neal with an NEIL.
785-6345.
I'm telling you we're going to...
Yesterday we had calls from at least two states with the spectacular.
Here's a mobile and cruel Gables. Hello?
Hey Neal.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I was a bartender for roughly five to six years in a club on South Beach.
And like every Friday, Saturday night you would have gay night.
Without a doubt, gay is tipped the best.
That's what I'm saying.
That's a...
Everybody agrees with that.
Even the homopobic right wing lunatics will say,
at least you fags them out of tip.
You know your tips.
And with the black...
They can be cute.
Actually the Cuban blacks aren't bad, but the American blacks.
No tip whatsoever.
So I got to a point that I wouldn't want to serve them.
Because they would sit in my bar drink and take up the space that you know can be a customer that would sit.
In other words, if the black person comes in the bar and they're a Cuban black,
they should identify themselves as such by wearing like either a lot of very fancy jewelry, you know.
Very gyrish crap.
Or maybe a beer.
Yeah.
But you know, I mean, even the dental tip is...
I just think it's true.
I mean, it's unfortunate, but it's true that black people don't tip well.
Maybe we can get someone calling in the show, you know.
They appear to be all vanished.
My dark people have all their gone on strike.
They hate me like poison out because I put them out.
Well, feed them out on you.
Okay, thanks.
Don't forget, by the way, speaking of tomorrow,
it will be its spec 1570 South Dixie Highway right by you, over there, right across from you, in.
Noon to two tomorrow.
We'll have our best in the LCDs and cassettes and the T-shirts and the keychains, too.
How do you like that?
All the good stuff.
Tomorrow, between Noon and two, we've had to raise a lot of money there.
I wonder how we're doing with the center one thing.
I don't hear too much.
Don't hear too much. It's pretty quiet.
It's been very, very traumatic this year.
How's the nephew doing, by the way?
He was doing so well, or for a while.
See how vacation is he vanished?
If they just all disappeared in the thin air?
Saw Greg Reade.
I was out washing at the cup by soup teas cup there and came back in.
He was like, walka.
Oh, it gave me like a good morning, but he was in the middle of a psychotic episode, muttering to himself.
That looked like that.
I thought, boy, that's the boss.
That's him.
That's it.
What you see is what you get.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
14-year tab robbery here.
Four-year-old.
I don't pick up black too much and I'll tell you why.
I've been robbed four times.
Every single time was by a black guy.
In 1988, not only was I robbed, I had my throat cut by a black guy.
Nice.
So I don't generally work those areas anymore.
I used to be a compassionate guy in work those areas because I knew it was tough getting a cab over there,
but I learned my lesson about being a nice guy.
For as tipping those, they don't tip either.
Okay.
That's about it.
I'll see you out on West Broward.
Yeah, you send me on to strength from today.
Okay.
Okay.
What was that?
What are you wearing hysterics about?
The nephew says he's doing fine.
What does that mean?
He called up to say he's doing just okay.
Oh, good.
Okay. Well, we're going to do it fine, Chris.
Maybe we'll see you again one of these days.
You think so?
No.
Okay, that World Wide Line, it's really smoking today.
Isn't it?
Oh.
It's doing it.
Oh.
It's 877-785-Neil, 785-6345.
See, I understand that.
Now we're laying it right out there on the table.
Okay.
We don't want to put you out, nothing like that.
But the fact is, it's like, remember they had the big thing?
Was it with Domino?
I'm pretty sure it was Domino.
Is there one of those pleated delivery joints?
Or they didn't want to deliver in certain neighborhoods?
And I don't think it was here.
I think it was someplace else, some other city.
Like Cincinnati or somewhere like that.
And then the ACLU comes in and all these bleeding heart lawyers come in.
And just like here, you know, with Bobby Butterworth and all this bull crap.
I got news for you, man.
People fear for their safety like this last guy, the cab driver, which I'm ecstatic that he called.
Four times he's been held up.
Four times it was by a donkey.
And the fourth one, once with a gun to his neck.
Why?
I'm telling you, man.
There are nice black people.
And then there are those that were terrified of.
Let me just put it through this way, okay?
White people are scared, crapless of you black folks, okay?
We're scared to death.
We'll wait here.
Hey, how you doing?
How you doing, Samuel?
But that's it.
Just don't come too close.
1027 at 560 WQAM.
What word did you say?
It is in gentlemen.
This is left over, number five.
Oh, thanks.
Giving day everybody ate the food that was on their plate.
We had turkey with all the fixed things.
Grandma said, eat up.
Cause there's lots more education.
I had to stop.
Cause I was so stuck.
Five plate fools was fighting up.
I had white meat.
Doc meat.
Turn up some stuff then.
Unbutton my pants.
Cause my belly was bustin'.
When it was time for me to get out of there.
Grandma gave me lots of stuff for where I full of gravy potatoes.
I'll be eating all of this until Christmas.
And there's stuff things you take home.
I found a match for tails and a turkey bone.
A little bit of ham on wrapping farm.
Better eat it up before it's full.
Eeeh!
And there's all kinds of signs of cheese.
What's a little fridge and the rest you freeze.
A little bit of jam and misnise pie.
Eating turkey's never just feel like dying.
Ah!
Ah!
Less so was number five.
Ah!
Ah!
What will I do?
Make a Honda, got another turkey suit.
My fridge is old full, that the door won't shut.
Got turkey coming out of my butt.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Left so was number five.
Ah!
Ah!
Yeah.
Come on one more.
Thank you.
1032 at 560 W.
So anyway, people are most of the ones that want to fix this to me.
Hey, great job there Pete.
They're adding the sunsend all day.
You know, it's amazing.
They're putting these cheesy little ads in the papers.
They're idea promotion, queer channel.
I mean, we don't do anything.
But when you think they're going to do something,
maybe a couple of billboards, TV spots,
something besides these pasty little ads, you know.
And every ad they put in has related to, uh...
Dude, good.
So what does that tell you?
What does that tell you, huh?
Yeah, they're promotion for the Jim Rom Show,
the on-neal, the Jim Rom Show,
not the usual sports talk weekdays,
new to three on Stupid Talk.
Everything is like, you know,
Neil says, fill is good.
And Jim Rom is on-neal.
He's not Neil.
And Neil, this, and Neil ad, and Neil,
Neil, Neil in the morning, et cetera, and so on, yeah?
They're obsessed over there at Stupid Talk.
Aren't you, Pete?
Uh-huh.
By the way, I'm glad you're listening.
Air, I have an aspiring fourth.
That main is glued to the radio between 10 and 2 every day on the show.
Every single day.
Squeezes himself, and I start talking about
what a backstabbing piece of turn he is,
which he is.
Squeezes it.
Or at least reaches for it if he could find it.
Axe murderer, baby.
Life-runer.
Destroyer.
But you know something?
They pay us either way.
You know, we realized the punks out there,
the young male audience, they're fickle.
You know, I was the bomb last week,
this week.
Kill as the bomb next week.
The guy, the two live Jews, they'll be the bomb.
Then how it'll be the bomb again.
You know, every week somebody's got an as-and-other bomb.
We're sticking with our tried-and-true 80-plus audience here.
Here's a mobile and high-aliah.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Good morning, how are you?
All right.
I listen to you a lot, Neil.
I'm the trucker that calls you occasionally.
Are you out?
No, trucker.
I have to ask.
Now listen, we didn't put you out.
Did we put you out?
No, you didn't.
I do.
You're a lot, Neil.
But I know this yesterday started about this restaurant deal.
Yeah.
And for the world, I agree with you in a sense.
Because the fact I'm a black person, and I tell you personally, Neil, I wouldn't give a
crap for either Chinese food like that.
Because it's ridiculous.
I mean, for an unconstraint, what would a black person be doing in the first place?
That's my first part.
If I have some kind of a gook restaurant and you walk into my restaurant, not just because
you're black, but I'm just wondering, what's a guy that likes grits and chicken and water
and what I'm going to do in my restaurant?
You know what I'm going to do with a guy?
You know, for so much for that, Neil, but spiritually, I mean for my seriousness, I wouldn't
give a kid in dollars for all the Chinese food they could fix from here to eternity.
There he is.
And I think it's a whole issue to bring up something like that, you know, because of the
fact that white people don't care.
I mean, you will find that in all races.
I mean, there's black people getting a linchpin Texas and drag behind trucks and everything
in their place.
All right.
We were in a fight from the right there.
The sense of it added on his tip of the tire restoration is called 9-1-1.
9-1-1, man.
I say it's time to put him out.
How many people are, I mean, you know, I'm not the smartest, Neil, but in the rest of
this, some of you'll call, or some of these people, I'm glad I'm the best.
It makes you feel pretty damn smart, don't it?
I'm telling you, you're going to be okay.
You know, I just want to pass that to you.
I enjoy your show and I'll be calling you from time to time.
And don't put me out.
Oh, sure.
Okay, see it.
Whatever that be mean, then don't put me out.
Don't put me out.
Remember that song?
Oh, yeah.
I just don't get it.
I don't speak to you.
I don't talk to talk.
Okay, I'm awfully sure.
I'm an old cracker.
That's all I can tell you.
An old Anglo.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60.
I'll tell you that.
Walk about soup as delicious, baby, from the outback.
I'm going to be out back in a few minutes doing the big number one, number two, number three,
before.
Wow.
I'm going to be doing it.
Here's the mobile and curl springs.
Hello.
Hey, Dale, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I was a bartender in three different states, including New York.
And we always had signs over the bar that said we reserved the right to refuse to serve anyone.
Everyone, right.
Now, what is Mayor Rudy up there?
The...
Why can't the cab drivers decide to join Junior?
Yes.
Why can't the cab drivers put the same side next to their medallion and say the guy looked drunk,
so we didn't want to pick him up?
That's right.
It's a matter of life and death.
These guys, every time they pick up another fear, they don't know who it is.
It's some stranger.
It could be an asshole.
That's all they know, especially in New York.
The state actually wants you not to serve.
You know, not to serve people, but they're drunk or they look like trouble makers.
Right.
So to me, it's an illegal finger.
He's doing it.
And I think as far as dark people are concerned, I think there would be like a Richter scale.
I think that maybe right at the door, no, seriously, if they're like light-complexed,
they're like to medium, like mocha, then it's okay.
You can let him in.
But if they like a little bit too dark, like OJ was on a cover of Time Magazine, then you
have the right to say, I'm sorry, but I'm intimidated.
You look very dangerous.
Exactly.
Right.
And by the way, blacks do that test.
There you go.
Okay.
I think I'll do it on your show.
Okay.
But see, we don't want to put you black people out, like my good friend from my leader is a good guy.
We don't want to be putting you up.
But start tipping.
Start tipping.
And if you can't afford the tip, then what are you doing in a fancy restaurant in the first place?
Taitoni isn't some slap-and-dicky restaurant.
It's not Denny's.
I'm sorry.
That's a bad example.
It's not Lenny's, like I said.
But if you're going to go into a restaurant like that, if you can't afford the tip, then go to Bull Jangles, man.
Go to churches chicken.
They don't want to be expecting no tip over there.
Do they?
No.
No.
F&A, man.
Go to churches.
5, 6, 7, 05.
What happened with that tempo?
We're paying on that line.
All of that.
You notice how they're picking up the same habits as the people on the Dayton Rower Line.
Don't get to them right away.
Or they're gone.
And I'm sure they have some good material.
Oh, yeah.
I can only imagine.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
That line 9, that American line, where yesterday it was smoldering today.
It's kind of like Peter Nott.
I figured that much.
I figured that much.
It's just a novelty.
Most of those people were listening on the internet.
Anyway, somebody down here called him up.
Oh, call Neal, that line's working out.
Fill up a good bill for the Beasley.
They want to beasley people.
Which we appreciate, by the way.
1-877-785-Neal.
877-785-6345.
It's 21 to 11 at QA.
We got Hank coming up today at 2 from here.
With the Jimmy, we could be shot at a shot special show at 5 o'clock.
5 to 6 is that Jimmy got to show.
And 6 to 10.
We got Booge Shobby and our good close friend, Joe Costello.
At the Homestead Motor Speedway for the big Penn's Oil 100.
Followed by Ed Kaplan from the Princess Casino where he's going to be plunging his brains out.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM
easily read acquisition calls.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Boo-Lang.
You think black marlins don't want so much.
A big black mouth, a special ear,
a chocolate sweeter guy.
Boo-Lang.
You don't think black marlins are charity as well.
And all of our stories are anybody's.
We're trying to pull things wrong.
I love the fail, right?
What process you're asking, right?
What's bad and right?
No.
You think you're being too late?
You think you're not supposed to fail right?
Huh?
Right.
Boo-Lang.
You think the bitch I banged you down?
I smack your head and bruise up your body the way you like.
Oh, Boo-Lang.
You get my bow, go long and strong.
You carry their money to hold your head no more if it's wrong.
You fly, then you wife.
You just beat my son.
The kind of bitch we love.
You go have a good reply.
You're going to take with those pictures.
10.
10.
10.
10.
10.
10.
50 mph.
50 mph, 50 mph.
50 mph, 20 mph, 50 mph.
50 mph, 50 mph, 30 mph.
Look at the high- différence in anger.
You don't want to save those pictures, but you maybe want to save these images.
In this third time I got that was yeah
Okay, thanks whatever you say pal when he's hammered he takes a cab so there you go again
You're a cab driver you got to pick up the generous deadbeat because let's face it when you come right except it's a airport
I take cabs, you know depends like in Toronto. I don't run the car there
You know depending on where it might be if you're at to Rista
But like people in town what kind of people take a cab?
Maybe your car broke down that might be one legitimate reason
But generally speaking like this guy says if you're
hammered or maybe if you're like a deadbeat maybe you're looking to rip off the cabby maybe looking for like 25 bucks to kill somebody something like that
Maybe need a quick fix
And Rudy Giuliani you got some freaking or first. He's the art critic for the Brooklyn Museum and now he's the he's the director of taxi cabs for New York
You're gonna pick him up or do you like it or not? What do you like it or not?
Hey, but what if they want to put them out?
5 6 7 0 5 60 it will anybody please explain to me what that means?
What does what do that mean us poor white folks were the biggest advantage?
We do not speak the lingo. Okay. We don't speak no black ease. What does that mean you put us out?
We're just sitting here shaking it
5 6 7 0 5 60 see they're not gonna tell us because it's like British
That's one of the great things we need to go and don't understand it and you love that see because you can say all these things
It's like the thing with the holios. They're talking behind your back loud enough
So you can hear it and they're talking about you because they're pretty sure you don't understand what they're saying and they better
Hope that you don't
I'm not a corn. It's a little not a corn grande right ever
And they're probably right
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Mobile in bokeh
Going once
Here's Miami hello
I don't know. Yes, sir. This is probably something. Oh, yeah. Here's Liberty City. Hello
Liberty City. Yeah, speak up sir. Can you hear me? I can barely hear you. You hear me now a little better
Okay, I was just calling to say I got news for you too, you know
We see why people we scared them also you're scared of white people. Yeah, we seem very scared of you know
Why because they still too they still
How fast they still our history is still
They still your what is still our history. Yeah, we're still over there. They still are style your style
Yeah, no, you got that confused with us bags. They still are style not you guys
Okay, you better grab that call might be Ed McMahon
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line line nine if we had one call from around the world today
Oh, no, I guess that was all they shot there low yesterday
All at the bull crap 1 877 7 8 5 Niel and it's always like that every time we get a line like that
I remember back in Paxon the first day or two. Oh, we got New York
We got here and then the four people who were listening to us out of town. They had called us and that was the end of that
So don't panic there Greg. Okay, you won't have to worry about a big bill on that line because it ain't ringing period
Including Fort Pierce by the way where they're busy going the moving women like that
They're busy talking about what a schmuck that what's his name is Bob the move. Oh, yeah, I got some great Bob the Moose stories
By the way
Don't be insulting him because he'll hell snitch on you that somebody was eating in a control room in there in the morning on the worst team
You're a child Bob you were the perfect company you were the childish organization
You're a child you're a little little petty person Bob the Moose
Here's a lady in Helen Dale. Hello
Hello, hello. Yes, man. Yeah, I have a question
What are you Jamaican? No, I'm not Jamaican. I figured you would ask me that but I'm not
You sound so Jamaican me you must be from the island. I'm from the island. Thank you. I'm prog to be which island
I'm from the Virgin Islands. Oh, you're the Virgin Islands. I'm a virgin too. Yeah. Thank you. Wow
Here's one anyway, I have a question here isn't Mary isn't not yet. Oh
What does the word tip in mean?
Tipin. Yeah, he's a basketball player
Okay, he'd be playing basketball. Mm-hmm. He'd be playing basketball. Anyway, my
Version of tipping right? Yeah, the service that you receive from somebody
I've black people or we black people when we go out we get terrible service from
The patreon
Nobody from the one from us
No, we get terrible service from the waiters which is is everybody
I went out. We're sure you're not being a little bit paranoid. Maybe like yeah
I went out to dinner this weekend. I didn't your soup to get even things out there. I can give you an I went out to um
dinner
Over the weekend gone. Yeah, and over the weekend going. Yeah, all the white people before you go on about you dinner
Can I get before I forget because I'm getting old and forgetful. Okay. What does that mean when you say we put you out? What does that mean?
Oh, I don't know. I don't think that lingo. Okay. That's right. You're from the islands. I'm sorry
I haven't dinner this so we can pass you we went out to dinner and
You all the white people around us were given completely different treatment right then we were we weren't even
Retreated like very
Important people. Thank you. We want to keep you like what the specials were on the menu
We want to do anything the only thing we were asked is this is this wasn't an entire restaurant wasn't no it was actually what's that restaurant called the rain forest the rain forest
Yeah at the Aventour Mall
I'm sorry
That's where we had dinner and by the way
I just turned out to be a love triangle in the whole deal and it's an addition of what you see that guy yesterday to one of the
Did the shooting? Yeah, I did shot he um
This Lewis Patuano of 52 was a convicted fuel oil swimler who escaped two professional style murder attempts in the 80s
And he was killed by this other guy
How do you like that? So I guess three to two strikes in your out exactly anyway. I'm sorry
So you weren't getting the service you deserved exactly. I mean and we left a five dollar tip for how much at two hundred dollar bill
No, it was an eighty dollar bill eighty dollar bill. You left a five dollar. Thank you. I like a lot of the ten percent would be eight dollars
So there was it's like about six percent she got more than she deserve because she was loud over six percent
So in other words, she's lucky she should get the
She's lucky that she even got the five dollars. Yeah, you know something
I'm we put a whole different light on it so to speak because
If you give black people crappy service, why should they give you any tip at all? Yeah, it was just out of my good conscience
But I decided to say okay, bitch here's five dollars you can have it. Okay, bitch
Did you did you write it? I didn't say that I don't know why but why didn't you write that on the check?
That's
That was just my thing actually we paid cash. Yeah, but that was just my feeling will you pay K. I mean don't you have a credit card?
I have a credit card, but you don't eat with credit cards. Oh sometimes they're bill tasty some helmets mayonnaise on there
No, a little
For a two years to come paprika, but you don't do that some of them like a shaker like that paprika you put on the chicken to churches
You can put on your credit cards. I guess I guess we can do that. Yeah, but anyway
You just give people tips according to the service that let me ask you
They did a tip of churches and bow jangle that you eat I don't eat there. Oh, thank you
I so thank I do home cooking so much better speaking like a real person like you
Thank you. I do more home cooking than anything else. Now. What do you cook? I cook everything? Jumble. I know
That I don't cook chillins. No, no
Remember I'm not black American. I'm from the island. Well, what are the islands people eat? So you know, I make some jerks
Oh jerk chicken. Yeah, and jerk pork and jerky turkey. Yeah, and lurkey turkey
We do all that kind of stuff. Yeah, you would jerk. Okay, listen have a great weekend. So you two bye-bye
So what did she say something about jerk this jerk this bitch? That's what she wrote on the on a check jerk
This bitch and with a five dollar or a tip attached to it
You see if you're gonna treat your black customers like crap. They're not gonna give you no guy damn good tip
So I think she brings up kind of a marginal point there
But of course she's not real black. She's kind of like virgin islands black. She's one of those
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
I see we got Tampa on here now, which I'm wondering what this is all about. We're only getting Florida calls today. Hello
Hey, how you doing there? Okay, sir? All right. I worked on the cruise ship for several years, okay? And
I don't know why you fueling this African Americans don't tip
But we're a lot of great to there a lot of way to get a lot of people wait a minute
We got a whole page here in the a heralded in a brown section both stories
We got the one in Pember of Pines and we got the one in the Align me Beach. I mean it's not like I'm making this up
But you're fueling it Neil. Oh
I worked on a cruise ship for 10 years there were jules there were Germans
Yeah, a lot of people who did not I mean I would go so far almost cut their freaking food for him to get in their mouth
And he still wouldn't right. It's not only
Americans for black. Well who said there was who said that it was there's no word to present French Canadian
Allers all are all about the old Jews. What about the old Jews?
Yeah, but one day we're gonna pick on old Jews though
Won't they be better?
I'm telling it like it is I'm telling
We've had 75 in the last two weeks since this high Tony story it we've had 75 million people call in about it
And 74 million nine hundred thousand said they were working a service business and black people don't tip for the crap
They all say that
Well, does that mean they're all racist?
No, it doesn't mean there are races. People just won't come to the talk about it's not true
It's not totally true. Yeah
It's not totally
What you said it's not totally
I don't know I've never been in that business
There are there are there are links in every way. Yeah, but people don't ship. I happen to chip very well. Yeah
And I'm gay. Oh, well, there you go
There you go now we got to the bottom of it. Okay, pal
Put you up a little bit. So there's a dark seat and I asked that question the last week
Nobody responded do we finally got a response because the gays are supposed to be the best tippers and the sparsers
Other worst but if you're gay and black the gayness is a predominates
Like RuPaul. That's what she says the gayness put on like Carlos says
1056 at 560 QAM this is 560 QAM head cap when those the scars
Oh
Spider-Man
their feet all day or giving birth to the frequent way.
Get a face that prays and roll inside from her ankles to her thighs all of the downer
legs.
Look at the private legs.
Up in downer legs, she's got spider veins.
I'm May 21st and I'm president of show of police state coercion, New York Mayor Rudy
Giuliani mobilized thousands of cops, offices from the taxi and limousine commission
and school safety personnel.
All dressed in police uniforms to throw a peaceful, motorcated taxi drivers.
See, that's what this is all about now.
It's another political payback to the cab drivers because he's pissed off and fired up at their
impudence and not the knuckling under to him to the fascist mayor of New York.
And so now that the latest blow in the attempt to knuck make the knuckle under is this business
about you will pick up black people or anybody else no matter how dangerous they look.
And if they shoot you to God damn bad.
I say let's make Mayor Giuliani day a cab driver today.
A cab driver do's your in the bow.
That was good to me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing this morning?
Okay, sir.
On your appearance tomorrow, right?
Yeah.
10 to 2.
Right.
And noon to 2.
Right.
No, they confused.
Okay.
You know what's right next door to that specks, don't you?
No, I don't.
Oh, there's a Swenson's right there.
Yeah.
And if you, uh, no.
You don't like Swenson's?
I do like Swenson's, but I'm not going to be any ice cream.
No, I will not.
Okay, because I mean, there's some pretty heavy duty stuff going on in that place.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean, just, you know, they got the Sundays covered with the caramel and the...
Yeah.
I'm not, I'm not in the mood.
I just had three bowls of up-back soup.
I'm ready to drop my drawers here.
Did you listen to the first part of the Hank show yesterday?
With, uh, with Barry J.
Yes, I did.
I'm into that.
And I think, uh, Barry, they got the butterfly that Barry's in a straight jacket right now.
I thought that was one of the greatest things in the world.
And then, uh, and the Hank kind of just blew it off.
And he didn't, you know, he didn't want to have to deal with it.
Well, no, I know.
I wasn't, I didn't want to have to deal with it.
He was concerned that this guy might be, uh, totally over the edge.
He might come down here with, uh, the...
Who's he's in a partridge and a pear tree?
I don't know.
I mean, just with the partridge family, I don't know, but it was dangerous.
Yeah, I thought it was pretty wild.
How that guy would just call up and like,
Here's the guy who's the sports writer for a major newspaper to major market.
And he's crank calling the radio station on the bat line every two minutes.
What is that?
A maniac.
I wish you'd call your show.
No, he won't call you.
He doesn't recognize me.
He doesn't recognize me.
He was with the two live Jews.
Have a great day.
Oh, wait a minute.
Neil, you were talking about the fingerprinting, the priest.
Yeah.
You were talking about that yesterday.
Tung printing.
Oh, tongue printing.
But, uh, when I was at...
I'm a Columbus graduate.
And, um, anyway, there was a brother over there.
In fact, in the church, there could have been a couple in the school anyway.
But, um, he used to...
One of the brothers, my freshman year, I used to work out a lot.
He used to come up and stuff, my chest.
And, uh...
He used to run?
He used to rub my chest.
Oh, yeah.
And tell me how well developed I was.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, so you could probably get some fingerprints off my chest.
There you go.
I think they need to fingerprint the brothers, just as much as the priest.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
Have a great day.
And the sisters.
Oh, same people?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
That's right.
The Catholic Church is the only place in the world where the brothers and the sisters are the same people.
And, um, 5, 60, on the 18th T. wireless line.
Here's a Port Saint Lucie.
Hello.
What's going on?
Yes, sir.
Have you noticed something...
No.
Especially when it comes to minorities.
When you point out something that the majority of the group does,
every exception to that rule calls in and raises hell.
Well, because they don't want to be lumped in there.
There may actually be a black person who...
See, this guy to call from Tampa, but he ought to do if he goes into a restaurant.
Don't blame me on black, but on case.
I'm going to leave you a good tip, and then they won't hassle and they'll get a good service.
Exactly.
I mean, but shouldn't it not be assumed that we are smart enough to know that there are exceptions to every rule.
Right.
And that we will see them with a...
Oh, but always blaming me.
Oh, you're adding fuel to the fire.
You're generalizing your stereotyping.
No, I'm not.
I'm just telling it the other way it is.
And also, last question.
If the condition did not exist, wouldn't there not be a stereotype?
If there weren't a nanny, sir, there wouldn't be any anti-semitism.
That's absolutely correct.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
America's line, baby.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil.
We're paying for it.
I don't think that line's working again today.
Do you?
No.
It's only a Florida line today.
I have a feeling they probably cut that back.
At all.
The calls are slipping through from outside of Florida.
We better call their phone company.
Make sure that don't happen again.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 4, 5.
Just as a test.
Just as a test because all the other lines are smoking today.
Sorry about that.
Pete, we're getting a couple of calls here, even though the whole audience has listened to those
Phil tapes.
Yeah, all the young punks.
Oh, yeah, Phil's the bomb, baby.
And next week, who's going to be the bomb?
Yeah.
See, I just, it's like those kids on the street corner I was talking about the other day.
The two, the ones that generally went there in the right mood.
They'll wave to me in the morning when I drive by there to school punks.
They're like 14, 15, whatever they are.
And this morning, they're like, you know, like nonchalantly like ignoring like that I'm driving.
But, you know, something, see, because I was big for a while there.
I was very big.
And now I'm like yesterday's news, see.
I'm, of course, they're practicing to be good Florida residents, to be rude.
Yeah, oh yeah, to be unfriendly.
Don't be too friendly because then you won't be able to live in Florida.
They'll kick your ass out.
Yeah, exactly.
So don't bother.
Don't waste your time, guys.
Okay, I know I was very, very popular with you guys for about a week.
And now I'm like, just a silly old man, okay?
That old fag.
Here's the lady, and I was going to give me one of these, too.
Lady West Palm Beach, huh?
Yes, I am.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, that's not these black people not tipping.
They're not very far off from the Canadians.
They don't tip at all.
That's right.
And it's not only the French Canadians, by the way, who are pigs, but even the English speaking
Canadians who are mostly nice people, but they don't tip either.
Oh, one more.
And the excuse now is, well, our loonies and our tunies aren't worth very much.
But you know something back in the days when the Canadian money was worth more than the American,
they still didn't tip.
I know.
Cheap.
Like, Rimmer.
One more thing about your pants is getting you this boring.
I think they bought them some of a lame duck.
Yeah.
I think they got a tempest and a pee pot.
They spend a lot of money for a lame duck.
Well, this thing is sticking out to the side, you know, and his finger, too.
I can do it.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
So let me ask you, I think Paul Bell's playing a marnaid with his little pinky.
No.
No.
He practiced, you know, he practiced.
Let's hear it.
Let's have a big fanfare.
He practiced.
Big deal.
We want to see you out there, Paul Vlovo.
Okay, we don't want any more excuses.
We're tired of hearing about what angle it's sticking out.
No, forget to write in Ray Whitney's name.
Left Wing.
And they all start ballad tomorrow.
Please.
If you don't, I'll come and write it in for you because you probably can't spell it.
Because if there's ever anything true, I remember once I, which most of what he says is,
but one thing he said, Ray Whitney has a pair.
That's so you can take that to the bank.
Just put him right there in the bank and you'll spurn bank.
Now, now, what is that that you got there on nine?
That's the preck.
You know, something we are.
We're back to what we had before.
We're back to what we had before.
How is that possible?
Are you in Miami?
Yes.
Well, how can you be on this line?
How are you doing here?
Okay.
How can you be on my war line?
What do you mean?
How can I be on your war line?
Okay, I don't get it.
I might have to put you out.
Okay, listen to this.
Yeah.
I'm a black male 24 years old.
Okay, can you explain to me what does that mean?
You put us out.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Okay.
Listen to what I'm saying.
Even as far as I know what that means, yes, sir.
Let me tell you what happens to me as South Beach.
Okay.
About two weeks before the incident at Tartoni.
Right.
I've written in our...
He's Colombian carcassian makes.
We went to the Cleveland.
Right.
And...
Well, that's one of Hank's stuff, things, yeah.
Right.
We went to the Cleveland.
I had...
I don't drink so I purchased like two calories.
He had a couple of coronas.
And we had some chicken and fries.
Oh, wait a minute.
Chicken and fries?
Yeah, man.
Like chicken fingers.
No, we were just watching...
It was during the war.
Okay.
They were just watching the game.
They didn't have any watermelons today.
No, they didn't have watermelons.
Thank God.
Thank you.
Well, I don't want you to box yourself into a corny.
Let me tell you what happened.
Right.
Before we finished eating, I told her if she asked me how it was going to pay for what I told her.
I was going to pay for it on my master car.
Right.
I gave it to her.
And my master car too.
So after the meal, it came back to about...
I think it was like 33.
I gave her like a $6.
Well, after $6.50 or $20.
That's pretty good.
It's almost 20%.
Okay.
After that, I come home.
Later on in a couple weeks later, I'm using my credit card.
And my credit card gets declined.
So I'm like, what's going on?
I call my credit card company.
She blocked off like $175 on my credit card.
Oh, what do you mean she blocked it off?
How do you know that?
Because they had a charge.
They said you have a $175 charge with no name on it.
You know when you go to rent a car or something like that,
they blocked off a certain amount.
Right.
They don't turn it in.
And after you pay for it, it drops off.
Well, what she had does, she had blocked off like $175 on my car.
I guess because she thought maybe we were going to try to eat.
Yeah.
And then...
So you didn't get charged for it, but they blocked it off?
Yeah, they blocked it off for about...
I think it stayed on my car for about eight days.
Isn't that nice?
And so what I think...
I feel like that's right.
I'm going to be going to that joy.
Because if you...
Normally, when you go to...
I didn't even think about it.
But if you go to...
I'd stay out.
That was funny.
Yeah.
And you go to any other establishment.
Normally, they take your credit card after you...
That is going to work.
They didn't block it out.
Like you're going to skip a...
You know, call ass.
So I just want to let you...
I just want to let you know about that.
I guess we won't be going back there anytime soon.
No, I won't be.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
I'll tell Hank by the way.
All right.
Thanks.
Okay.
It's a 10 past 11 at 560.
What do you think of that?
Oh, no.
Wake up with the first key.
Go roll.
Jeff DeParis and Steve Goldstein.
All right.
Steve, morning to 6.
Only on sports radio, 560, Q-A-L.
It's a 4-3 in the 6.
It's practically, he's dead.
He was resting his mind.
He ain't the reason to say.
He ain't the reason to say.
So, yeah.
That's a 10 per day.
Your foot too fat when he was a kid.
Well, he was a baby today.
He was born and raised.
He was the White House.
He'd be all big like a fantastic guy.
So, he can't even think.
He feels like he's just one of the best times of his life.
Oh.
That's the way it's all.
He has a total of no-one.
And I did today.
He's always pushing you.
He doesn't get it today.
He's always pushing you.
All right.
I see him.
I see his push on TV.
You know what comes to mind?
Every time I see him,
just that same look, you know,
that same kind of smug look.
Yeah.
As in, you know, dumb.
Kind of like Frato.
Not smart like me, but dumb like Frato.
567-0560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Hello, hello.
Hello, now we've come to Hylia.
Thanks for coming to thank you fellow.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
All right.
Here's a call from Boston on RR Worldwide.
Neil, how are you doing?
How you just heard?
All right.
You see the game last night?
The Bruins?
I saw parts of it, enough to make me very, very ill.
Oh, so happy.
Your team got your ass kicked.
Yeah, that's right.
Third period, choke.
Yeah, I gotta tell you that.
It'll be up like an accordion.
What is?
Lucky is he'll get a point for the tie.
The last 30 seconds of regulation just staggering
to hang on for a tie.
Just desperate.
You know, they won't let the gas.
But real teams come through, and that's what the Bruins did.
Yeah, well, you're hot enough for a little while.
Don't get carried away.
No, we're gonna be hot the rest of the year, pal.
Okay, whatever you say.
And I worked at a radio station up here,
and we all listened to you.
All right, now we're talking.
I'd be big up there, you know what?
Because there's actually a few people
under the age of 100 up there.
Our program director loves you.
Everyone does.
What station is that?
RKO.
RKO, there you go.
Say how did Jerry Williams, the ghost of Jerry Williams,
is still there.
Oh, he's just about dead.
Is he?
Yep, he's gone.
He's got a lot of 110 now, I think.
He's 150, and by the way, he's a real asshole.
Is he really?
I know, Jerry.
I used to work with him down here, in my mind.
Oh, what a jerk.
He's an asshole.
I used to produce for him, and he used to get
mad at me for turning the air conditioning down.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Well, it gets to be 172, you know,
you're getting very sensitive to the changes in temperature.
Are you older than him?
No, I'm not.
Not, I'm 171.
You're getting that, huh?
I'm, you're right, I'm an old fart.
All right, in front of me, you're the bomb.
That's why I'm in photo.
Okay, thanks a lot, but.
Yeah, here's the bomb for you.
They love me at WRKO.
I'm moving to Boston.
I'm out of here, okay?
See you guys.
Is line 7 all still all screwed up?
Oh, here I am.
I'm just leaving that all.
We'll just do this once we've done all of it.
No, sure, so that's what they deserve here.
That's what this company deserves.
Just to have that tone on here all day.
Because we got the engineering staff second and none.
They cannot, we got just a handful of lines here.
They can't get them straightened out.
When did doubt get a straightened out?
No, they cannot straightened the goddamn mess out here at QAM.
Jesus Christ almighty and Greg Reads walking around up and down
is a $25 suit like like that.
Yeah, like he's worried because they still haven't got the
goddamn ceiling.
Oh, there's blood left.
Dufflin's a now everything's going to be straightened out.
Awww, laughter.
Yeah, let's punch it up for bluff one time here.
Well, that sounds pretty good.
You like that sound?
See, it's not making the big, big, big, big sound,
but it's like a, got like a mini echo in it.
You like that?
Hey, you like it?
You like the bad 60s up here?
This is a combo of the thing you have at home, sir.
That's how we throw a remote sound.
Get it off of there, kill it.
Kill it.
Kill it.
Thank you.
God.
Airweek, you know, I wasn't even thinking about this
because we got by the opening okay today.
Unlike yesterday, about the first 20 minutes
when we couldn't get the goddamn screen on here on the computer
and I'm sitting here pumping the numbers.
Thinking nobody is calling the whole audience
as listening to the two live Jews.
And all of a sudden, I realized I look at the phone itself
and every line is lit up.
And now today, what do we got again?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Give me, hello.
Hey, Neil.
There you go.
It's all fixed.
Yes, sir.
It's all fixed.
Thank God.
Leave it to Dub.
Dub came back here.
He went in the other room and he stuck it right in there.
He stuck it right in there.
Whatever.
He was worth a stick it.
One in Dub.
He's shooting it up.
That's right.
Hey, Neil, I was in the living, you know, I work in Valley.
Yes.
I don't tell Dub here in Miami.
Right.
And every time I go and pick up a black person's car,
they never took me.
They stiff you?
They stiff me.
How do you like that?
And with a tip, too.
Right.
Well, don't do it again.
I just, in fact, you know what I would do next time?
What?
If it's a good car, just haul ass.
This is haul ass out of there.
There you go.
All right, Neil.
Good luck, now.
Thanks for fixing our line, by the way.
So what was the story?
Was it off of your thing in there again?
Was it?
Yeah, it was on hold in the other room.
Why?
Why was it on hold in the other room?
You know, one thing I want to tell you, OK,
I may not give the facts is to be for a prize
like a girl.
I may not do that because even after all this time,
they still get the sports people
can't give the right facts number out to their contacts.
So they waste all of our paper like that.
Goddamn breeders cupcraft.
They were sending your waste in 70,000 sheets of paper
and half of a Goddamn forest.
Maybe that's why they called Jeff the Forest.
But I mean, for crying a lot, I'm very conscious.
We don't posky around with a phone in here in the morning
because if we punch with these phone lines,
it screws up the guys on the ear and the worst thing
because it's the same, generally speaking, the phone lines.
So I never did it with those phone lines.
But every time lately we're on the ear here
with all the problems we've had,
I think there's a chiggerment in wood pile
and a Goddamn morst, team, and that's Morning crowd.
And we're going to get to the bottom of it.
Probably that Goddamn's certainly Donnie B is who it is.
And he's probably sticking his finger in it.
In his rectum or somebody else's, maybe Joe's.
That's what I heard.
That's the rumor that I heard is that he's sticking
his finger in Joe's rectum.
That's what I heard.
I don't want to mention the Tommy told me that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And our world famous American line
where we already had a call from Boston,
where I'm moving to WRKO, by the way,
the big talk station up there.
Too bad they don't have any good radio in Boston, you know what?
Yeah, they had Dick Siet up there for a while
doing this dating show.
I remember Dick Siet that used to be on K-Team
that I replaced him here.
Oh my God, what a twerp.
Yeah, this is Dick Siet.
I got 7,000 newspapers here in case nobody calls today.
And I wouldn't blame them if they didn't.
Dick Siet.
Oh my God.
Yeah, WRKO, it's a pretty bad station.
Jean Burns was up there.
He's a little old and Jerry Williams.
He's 196 this year, by the way.
Jean Burns, another Nazi.
He would then of course he moved from,
you can always tell that a guy moves from Boston to Orlando.
He's really moving up in the world, you know what I'm saying?
Boston to Orlando, then they usually
mind up a JNL West Palm right before WRKO.
What's your face?
How's she doing, by the way?
Anybody ever hear about her lately?
What's her face?
Who of course is what's her name, a senior?
Yeah, having her senior is old WRKO.
WRKO.
Right.
Come on, let's get a call from someplace
that I really outside of this town.
That guy from Boston, he was just taken this.
He was called from Power 96.
Now he was inside the building.
It sounded like kid curry doing a voice.
Five, what's that number?
877-785-0.
877-785-6345.
See, they don't care about things like cab drivers
having to pick up black folks in other parts of the country.
They don't care about those things,
because they don't have Rudy Giuliani as their mayor.
But guess what?
You're going to be next, okay?
Because America's a police statement.
It's a freaking police statement.
So they'll be coming along that hopping right in the back.
In fact, what they'll do is they'll put like a little camera
on your cab.
That's right, they'll have the little eye in the sky
and the evil eye will be in your goddamn cab.
And if some dangerous looking scarches out there
in the street with an oozzy, and you should pass them by
because he got his thumb off, they're
going to like come in and throw your ass in the slamer.
They're going to slam it.
Rudy Giuliani, man, I'm telling you,
Hermann Gering would have loved him.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
You racist bitch.
Yes, sir, that's me.
Yeah.
Well, that's your material.
That's the end of it.
You racist bitch.
Oh, see that's not good, man.
That's not good.
I think he's putting me out.
You think he put me out?
Uh-huh.
You put me out, man.
I feel bad.
You put me out.
Brother, you put me out.
God damn it.
Take it back.
Take it back.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pun.
Do you hear that?
He put me out.
I don't know what that sparser.
Boy, I took every one of my whole weekend.
I was looking forward to a big weekend.
Got the panty buffalo game to run.
I'm writing in, right, Whitney's name on two or three thousand ballots.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to get a whole bunch of those ballots.
I'm going to write the wizard's name in there over.
Hey, if you don't make it, Ray, don't blame me, sweetheart.
I'm on your side.
I'm on your side of the bed.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, man?
Great.
Um, I'm at the Afro-Cuno issue on the...
Afro-Cuno is, yes.
Right, I'm the tipping.
Um, they're pretty bad tipers, especially when they go to the phase.
I'll forget it.
Like the one one.
Yeah.
So, I mean, and they come by the boat full.
So, they sit there.
Like a crap load, yeah.
That's right.
You know what I get back?
It comes in large groups like if I'm in Europe, generally.
Like we were in Cologne, Germany, in one restaurant, and then in Italy, in Rome all the time.
You'll be in a very nice restaurant and all of a sudden a bustle pull up.
And there'd be like a thousand Chinese people get on.
They come in groups.
Have you ever noticed that?
They often live in Pag.
They go groups too.
Chinese people, because they know the M.T.
Yeah.
But, uh...
Of course, there's 10 billion of them, so they got, you know, there's a lot of them around.
Yeah, but when I get fag, they took great.
Fags are the big work, we're great.
Yeah, but then again, I'll just look at them.
Just don't get too frown.
They're well, that's okay, but it's worth it if we leave you good tips.
That's right.
That's included in the tip.
Oh, by the way, I had some people from the church come.
Yeah.
And they left me around Christmas time.
Two people, they left me 20-bugs tip.
Okay.
And they go, it's from G.G.
They were probably hoping for something at the after the meal.
Have a great day, pal.
I think it's like the fags.
Well, like with the same difference.
People fagged in the church.
Yeah, so we're going to be, we're going to be tongue-princing the priest and all the workers there at the Mayan-Arts diocese over the weekend.
We're going to be checking some tongue prints and some palm prints and some lip prints to find out.
Because, you know, what was that Larry Lou Jack line in that one?
But I'm going to have to play that thing about the cowboy songs.
If fingerprints showed, I wonder who I'd find on yours.
Who I find on yours, something like that.
And of course, all you altar boys out there, if there were fingerprints on your digit.
I wonder if they'd be Father's Tool.
It's 1126 at 560 QA.
This is 560 QA.
It's Friday, you rest, dude.
All right.
One, two, three, four, five.
Come on over, honey, now. Come and take our drive.
Big house and chocolate claw.
We can both get juice and maybe a little animal.
My wife is on business.
She's out for a week.
I'm like a kid in a candy store.
It's time to cheat.
I got threats to old hot dogs, sold for her and pizza.
You remember when it was early?
You're leaning, Tara pizza.
It's going to be a wild time.
Not my home in New York.
Just beneath the early cheeks like a sport.
I'm fit, my job.
It's all good.
Coming over, honey, now.
You all want my chocolate.
A little bit of Monica in my life.
A little bit of Monica.
Because that's my wife.
Now, a little bit of Monica.
What I see.
When she's far away, that's really great.
A little bit of Monica.
That's what I need.
A little bit of Monica.
Memories.
A little bit of Monica.
Here I am.
A little bit of you on my house.
We man.
1130 at 560 QA.
And here's a call from Dennis in Iowa.
I'm there.
I'm there.
I'm there.
Hi.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I haven't been down there for a week.
I've been up here on vacation.
I'm just curious.
Have you been talking anything about the situation up in
Decatur, Illinois with Jessie?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
The one that's self-grantizing, pompous ass.
Right.
Right.
I think with everything you say right there, we should create a lot
of our prisoners if no knives, no guns, and no drugs.
Just what are we doing?
Just a no.
I think you're pardoned.
The dragging death in Texas.
Yeah.
There were no knives, no guns.
Well, I mean, I don't want to debate the, I mean, you see the 17 second clip or whatever was they show on CVS.
I don't want to debate that.
But the fact is that here's this exploiting miserable son of a bitch.
There's always every issue that comes along that just happens to be a black issue.
No, no, this isn't racial.
No, I know.
That's what he said.
It's not racial.
It's a question of justice and it's said her and so on and all of a sudden, bullcrap.
Right.
He just happened to be there.
Exactly.
He was just preaching out on the road on the highway.
Pathetic.
Pathetic.
It is.
Pathetic.
That's all I have.
I want to wish you happy birthday last week.
I couldn't get through to you.
Well, thanks so much, pal.
It's only the sentiment that counts.
I mean, you get to be this old like Jerry Williams.
You're stopped counting.
Well, you're not that old yet.
Have a great day.
Seven of you too.
See you.
Bye-bye.
I do.
Sign on the day over 90.
56670560.
How do you like that?
They love me at WRKO in Boston.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'd work cheap up there.
Well, I work cheap up there.
No.
I don't come cheap.
I don't work cheap either.
566705.
Here's a call from Chicago.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How are you today, sir?
Pretty good.
I used to live down in South Florida and moved out of there
about 10 years ago.
And I listened to your questions, by the way.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
You miss it?
No.
No.
I miss your show, but now that I get it on the internet.
Now there's nothing to miss.
Now life is perfect.
I listen to it in my office every day.
People congregate in the office because they're like, where's this guy?
How come we can't get him on a radio?
Yeah, how come he's not on here in Chicago?
We put that Steve doll back in a guy named Old Age Home.
I know.
He's really pathetic.
It's tragic.
Yeah, he went from really good to really bad.
After he smashed the disco record, he was never the same again, you know?
Absolutely.
That's right.
And now just to show him how out of touch he is with reality, disco is making a comeback.
That's right.
Just to spite his ass.
I know that's, yeah, his show is, it's, I've heard it.
I've heard it.
It's awful.
Unbelievable.
You can't listen to it for more than two or three minutes.
It's amazing how somebody that's supposedly, I never heard him when he was supposedly so good, but he was a legend up there.
And now it's like, he's a shadow.
Well, as a matter of fact, when I got ready to move from South Florida to Chicago, I called you and asked you who I should listen to.
And you told me him.
I came up.
Well, he did.
And because you got Howard on the ear now.
Yeah, Howard in the morning.
Right.
He's pretty decent.
He's pretty decent.
We listen to him on the drive into work and then as soon as 10 o'clock Eastern time, boom.
The computer gets fired up and that's it from 10 to 2.
All right.
But I also wanted to wish you a happy birthday.
I tried to get in last week and for some reason I couldn't get in on the toll free numbers.
And the other life.
He wasn't working last week.
This, just yesterday it started spontaneously.
Well, I love it when things happen spontaneously.
Exactly.
Just popped up all the middle of the show, just popped up.
As a matter of fact, last time I was down in South Florida, I had called you.
My sister had one of those Nielsen boxes.
Right.
And we had her and a couple of other her friends that had had no impact.
No.
That was not what we had to whammy show.
I remember that and you said that they were going to keep their box on and the.
Yeah, and then there were nothing happened.
No.
So that shows the whole thing is rigged.
That show is all done with now.
Oh, the whammy thing?
Oh, God.
Thank God for that.
Oh, no, seriously, that was killing this show.
Whammy!
Got it, suck.
Yeah.
Oh, they don't even make a blip on a Richter scale.
Even the 10 show doesn't make a blip anymore.
Yeah, but it was nice to see your post on TV every day.
Oh, it was lovely.
Yeah, I'll pass.
That's fine.
In fact, if I would have been smart, I would have put the rumble key over the front of the face.
I would have probably been twice the number.
There we go.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
You too, take care.
God bless Chicago.
God bless those cubs.
They sure needed it.
Is God going to bless the cubs?
No.
No.
Well, thank God Jim, we're going out of there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got that world famous line.
It's starting to heat up just a little bit.
Not starting to percolate.
They love me embossed in the middle of me in Chicago.
Not too big and date and broward.
I used to be the bomb.
Now I'm just, I'm just, I'm just a soldering old man.
8777-785-Neil.
8777-785-6345.
Thank God for a duck.
I'm going to line fix there.
Nice going there, duck.
Huh?
That was quite a night.
He came in there and he and Robert were jumping up and down and running around.
Oh yeah, look at that.
That's the day he did something.
He did something.
All right.
Mark it on the calendar by the way back there.
That did something.
Besides Cross on any case their name on the schedule next week at the two in the morning, whatever that was.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time call a long time.
Listen.
How are you guys doing?
Great.
Listen.
Want to comment on the saying you were having about putting them out there?
Yeah.
What is that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that B?
What that means?
There was basically that you exposed them.
That you know just embarrassed.
I was just.
Yeah, you exposed the B.
That's a good eyesight.
That guy.
Yep.
Listen.
Also too.
I want to talk about the tipping.
Yeah.
I'm in the carpet cleaning business and I can tell you that our French Canadians are definitely the most hard to satisfy.
I mean, they're unbelievable.
And Black people.
Yeah, but they said we just turned over.
You know.
Black people, one thing about them, they're always looking for a hookup.
Always remember that.
They're looking for a hookup.
Yep, they're always looking for the hookup.
Like your finger in there.
Correct them.
Something like that.
That's it.
You have a good day.
Back to you.
Okay.
You ran.
As soon as I said that, he ran.
So that's what that means.
I exposed them.
You put us out.
That looks like dragging somebody out of the closet.
I guess.
Is that what that is?
Yeah.
Like Tom Cruise.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You put us out.
Wow.
This is like a whole new dimension.
Who said this is not an educational show?
I just be learning something right there.
I've been putting the Black people out.
Right there in front of you guys.
Take a look at them.
Okay.
How's Malcolm doing, by the way, from the young in the horny?
That's a good question, by the way.
Who would you rather do?
Malcolm or Nick from Young in the Restless.
All you fags are all you women out there.
Do we have any women listening?
No.
See, we're not going to play that game like they do the last few minutes on Friday morning
on the morning show.
I mean, why do they keep doing that?
It's so stupid.
It's so stupid.
It's embarrassing.
And I got to follow that.
What do they call that?
Ladies, choices.
Some of the ladies pick this.
Ladies, pick this.
They're picked this.
They're picked up.
Yeah.
Lady of picking seeds or something like that.
Pick and watermelon seeds out of there.
Each other is.
Each other is.
They're picked up.
Like I said.
I mean, that's just, I mean, to prove they got 15 women listening out there.
Here's Debbie on the mobile.
Okay, I picked the jets.
I picked the Eagles.
I picked the, uh, my nose.
Yeah.
God almighty.
What is wrong with those guys?
Just when I thought they were making a big comeback.
They booked stuff so great this week.
They were a team.
I was ready to put them on my hit list.
And I think the S is going back.
Here's a, hi, Leah.
Hello.
Hey, me.
What's going on?
Uh-oh.
Hey, before I come back.
Uh-oh.
Another bad phone line.
Yeah, I know.
It's just going to tell you I heard the, uh,
I heard some other conversation when I was on hold.
Robert's calling me at the room to see what's going on with our phone right now.
Because blood phone off to something important in one state.
I was here.
Yeah, I was.
I had to get you for the footage.
Somebody on the other line.
Uh-uh.
That's just the phone line.
It's all screwed up again.
How do you like that?
It's just a whole phone thing in here.
They can give me a sorry to answer about that.
There's a whole thing in this screw that.
But anyway, do your best.
Okay, Neil.
Uh, did you hear about your boy, Mayor Pienes?
What about him?
He's going to be on the Waffen today.
He's going to be on the Waffen?
Yeah, with Jim Berry, the phone's over.
All right.
Great.
I can't wait.
Thanks for the good news.
Hey.
Yeah.
Oh, I was just going to tell you.
What's up with the, with the worst thing?
I don't even list them between them and kindness.
And what the hell can I listen to in the morning down here?
Howard.
Howard?
Yeah.
All right.
Yes.
We're going to pick one of six.
How about, how about, uh, what's his name?
Bob and Tom.
Who are they?
Have a great day.
He probably can't pick them up in a highly.
Bob and Tom are great, but they're on FM and Palm Beach.
What's the name of that station, you know?
Okay.
What is the other gator?
That's right in Palm Beach.
Bob and Tom are great in the morning.
In fact, the rumor is that the worst team is going out of Bob and Tom are coming in.
That's what I hear.
I just started that rumor.
Keep them on their toes.
So our phone system is all screwed up.
I sure hope that don't turn them on and come back from his important Wednesday.
Just because their phones are all screwed up again.
Every single day.
In fact, probably if we ever had a day that we got through the whole four hours without some other stuff.
The audience would say, ah, gee, that was no fun.
Where was all a-
Yeah, you're right.
21-till noon here at 560.
Two-in.
Is 560, QAF.
Only one South Florida radio station has to have her.
Why won't George get come out and simply say he did it.
He preferred the press would shut them out.
The phone appeared to him.
He did more than what you think.
But he watched it down the sea.
And he preferred cocaine to have.
That's the question that he died.
Can he make his point much clearer?
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants us to believe.
That he didn't do anything.
George's bushes and his nose is clean and never put the thing in his country's run.
And for the linehouse.
He just got to minute 20s.
30s.
30s.
George, you're way up there.
About that.
60s.
16s.
And 560.
W.A.M.
Here's a call from P. Ryan.
Hello.
Nail.
I don't remember any police cars showing up.
I remember two dark,
conflicted guys in the building that robbed the chain off his neck.
Speaking of darkies.
Yeah, we were on the air.
And I walked in and he was in the state of panic.
His face was as red as a beat.
All you guys up at R.K.O.
They're squeezing themselves here and about that story.
Thanks a lot, Pell, for remembering.
There's an old fossil.
Members that good stuff.
It was his last night on the air.
That was the best part of it.
Jerry was leaving to go back to Boston.
And he's on the air and all of a sudden the couple of sparks
have come in while he's on the air.
And they're mugging the robin to place.
Yeah.
And of course he had just left.
He was leaving.
He was working three to six, I guess, or two to six.
And in Mike Siegel, the anxious Mike Siegel was on six to eight.
I was on a midnight.
And Jerry, I guess, was doing some work and getting all his crap together.
And he's out in the air's office.
And he's getting ready to leave.
And all of a sudden the couple of dark, complexion guys come up and he robin.
And now there's like storming around through the building.
And I'm sitting there on the air and an action looking.
Was the action or was he like red as if it sounds better red as a beat?
Jerry Williams comes in.
I just got robbed.
And he sits down and I were calling 911.
It was great.
And we didn't even get a search charge.
I had it out of our tip and we were still calling 911.
How do you like that?
Here's a call from Dallas on their dime.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Just called talking about the guy that shot himself and the guy at the mall.
Yes, sir.
Work for him for five years.
Good friend of mine.
Really?
I feel bad for him.
Now, which one is that?
The one shot.
The one the shot.
Shot himself and shot the other guy.
Now I'm really confused on this.
Bernard, this Rocher.
They Rocher.
This is the guy who the other guy was seating on his wife.
The other guy was dealing with Bernard's wife.
Yeah, and they were leaving.
And the other guys that convicted fuel oil swindler who escaped two professional-style murder attempts in the 80s.
Didn't escape this one.
Right.
I feel bad for him.
I worked together five years at the center.
I told him what I meant.
I feel terrible.
He was a great guy.
He's a great person.
And I just don't understand why something could do something like this.
Yeah.
You know, what he must be feeling.
Talk to him.
Actually, Thursday morning.
You feel enough of any more?
No, no, no.
You know, it's kind of hard.
Now we get your, you know, with your real player.
We can listen to you now.
Right.
You know, get all the shooting moves from South Florida, right?
Like we don't have enough of it here, but I can't let the other sun set on the herald and get something worse.
So I just want to confate anybody in New Bernard, you know.
We're all real sorry. He was a good guy and it's too bad.
Been too bad about all of them guns, too.
If he would have just had maybe like a butter knife, maybe things wouldn't have been so bad.
Well, you know, it wasn't an assault weapon either.
You know, they keep complaining about that.
It's every other hand American gun, you're right.
Well, say how did George EW for us, okay?
I'll tell him.
Tell me who wants to change his mind.
We'll forgive him.
I think I do one more.
I tell somebody to do something.
Yes, sir.
Harvey Rosenthoff, front right, you're a big smelly douchebag.
We don't do that anymore, but because it's time you're done, I figure it's the least I can do.
Thanks very much.
Great guy. Have a great day pal.
Bye.
See ya.
Yeah, I'm a good guy.
Sometimes I'm in a good mood today because the phones are all screwed up.
See, I don't care today.
You notice how metal I am?
Because it's Friday.
We got the bigger parents.
It's specs tomorrow, 1570s, how thick.
See how I knew to do with our best of stuff and with our key chains.
Yeah.
Key chains are going over very big, by the way.
And if you can't come to the appearance, you can call center one at 9.5.4.5.6.336.100.
Or you can just go to our website, neo-ranges.com, in order any of our merchandise right off there.
And we'll get to you if you live long enough.
Want to care, I want to get there.
Yeah, I should get on it.
13 till noon at 5.60 WQAM, where we go into a pay phone in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First, I'll be a pilot, right, for the sound of the phone.
It is a pay phone.
It is kind of breezy out here.
Not too bad.
Okay.
We've had worse today.
Before I get to the meat of my call, if I can say that, I just want to say, if Pat Bell doesn't get his goddamn ass on the ice to play,
I'm going to get the Russian mafia after his ass.
I think that's the only way we're going to get him out there is to threaten the Russian mafia is going to work.
In fact, that's probably why he's not playing.
He's threatening them if they make him play, the Russian mafia will kick the ran.
Goddamn, we'll stick him in a room with that guy.
It almost got blown up.
His buddy.
Yeah.
Anyways, um...
His buddy almost got blown up.
On that show that you didn't want anybody to talk about.
That's old news.
Anyways, the Russian players are always getting blown.
The first thing I want to ask you, did you catch Tom Green last night?
No, everybody just tell me about it.
I forgot you.
You have got to see a copy that's a...
I brought it.
It was the greatest.
It was the best.
The marshmallow.
Yeah.
The marshmallow, uh, please.
The marshmallow is vector.
Oh, he had a marshmallow the size of Peter Nuach, if I could say that.
Yeah.
And he was just doing things to it.
He wouldn't be a heap man.
You weren't in marshmallow?
Yeah.
You weren't doing it.
You were great.
I got to see that Sunday.
Definitely not.
Classic, man.
The second thing is on this candy thing.
I used to drive a cab down here for yellow.
Yeah.
About eight, nine years ago.
Uh, nights, as a matter of fact, and you're right about the degenerates, drunks, and all that stuff.
Yeah.
What kind of people get a cab down here?
The best part of it was picking up the strippers that got out of the clubs at night and they went out...
They went out partying.
Right.
But, uh, you know, they have the county broken up into sections and they're numerically done.
And of course, there's a section for the area over there by Cisdrung Boulevard.
And whenever a car would come up in that area, it usually wouldn't get run by anybody, including the black drivers.
Because of just where it is.
You know, nothing against the blacks, but I mean, you know, who in their right mind wants to go to Cisdrung at two o'clock in the morning
when his drug deal is walking the streets.
Amen.
You know?
So, uh...
I respect your life at least you can respect it, right?
God didn't Mayor Giuliani here to drive a cab for a couple of weeks at night.
He went to Hollywood.
He went to the Bowery, baby.
Okay, have a great day.
All right, you too.
Come down.
A little exercise there on this pay phone.
He's a little worked up about it.
56670560, pound 560 on the A&T line, whatever it is.
Here's a leading four Myers, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Um, I love young colonial.
Well, that's great.
Um, speaking of tippers, over here on Fort Myers, we have a lot of Germans.
And now...
And your men's in Fort Myers?
Oh, bad.
I live in Meehaker's.
I can just not eat the Fort Myers.
Yeah.
And we're surrounded by them.
And they live in the country club and have nice stuff.
They don't sit in nothing.
Yeah.
They're horrible.
Did they ever try to take you to make you go to take a shower or something like that?
I'm saying.
What am I saying?
Hey, did you catch that in one?
I'm in the New Jersey Williams' est there getting the inquirerate.
Did I catch guiding light?
Yes.
Now, is this episode where Riva and Josh are breaking up for the 800th time?
He left.
I beg your pardon?
He left.
Well, I know that.
And I don't think he's coming back anytime soon.
And this is the one where Cassie is going to run off to marry the Ferry Prince or where he...
Yep.
And then they're on to the fact that she's working for a strip club.
Uh-huh.
I think...
Now, I didn't see the end of it.
I don't think...
And I was richly going to go to the strip club and put a $5 million bill in her G-string.
I don't know the way it ended.
I guess the guy, the owner of the club, was going to rape her.
Oh, that's right.
You know how it's going to happen now.
He's going to try to rape Cassie and Richard and the...
What I dire.
And the Igor are going to come running in at the last minute.
And he's going to save her from rape and go off to a Sanibel Islander San Cristobolo, whatever it is.
And then they'll have a heavily after whatever.
Okay, one more thing about our lovely sheriff.
We have over here in Fort Mayer.
Sure we do.
Right.
Have you gone on his website yet?
No.
Please go on his website and look at the camera.
You know something after you walk about soup by my...
Go on his website before we're at two o'clock.
He's a loser.
He needs to...
He needs to pay share.
He's a fascist, big sheriff, McDougal.
And we hate you like poison.
And so does everybody over there on the West Coast.
We love it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, everywhere you look.
We got Nazi sheriff, Nazi sheriff.
We got Ken Jenian Broward.
We used to have Nick Navarro.
And we used to have Ed Stack.
And we had Bobby Butterworth.
Ethomacator, Vince Demigrad, Republican, whatever it is.
It's another sheriff from hell.
By the way, what's the name of that pit?
Is that called a sheriff...
What is that?
You don't know what it is.
A Mitch Lewis pit.
Maybe it's just called Nick Navarro.
One moment please.
Okay, while I did it with my thing over here.
Nick Navarro.
Nick's pleasure.
Nick...
Jay, there.
Maybe it's just called Navarro.
Navarro.
Navarro.
Please go in a way.
Navarro.
He's a buzzer.
So much green fence.
Navarro.
He has third day.
Navarro.
Navarro.
He's leaving.
Navarro.
But he's just a good step by the way.
He's just a big fat goose step away.
You know something?
What I goose him?
No.
But I got news for him.
He was a great guy compared to Ken Jenny.
Oh yeah, he was a raping liberal.
He was like Ted Kennedy compared to Ken Jenny.
Who's trying so desperately.
All new CAD drivers in power, by the way, you better beware.
Because Ken Jenny is going to put out an edict.
That's going to say the more dangerous the passenger, the more you're going to,
the more likely we're going to force you to pick him up.
That's right.
Or else.
You're all going to be driving on CISDRAWC Avenue.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
The American line is open.
877-785-0.
877-785-6345.
So we discovered that the blacks are the worst differs.
We put them out.
I want to apologize for putting all you dudes out.
Okay?
That's bad.
That'd be bad.
I put them out.
Yeah, I expose them.
I'd be exposing them with a bunch of cheap skates there, they're bad tipas.
And I wrote that, but there's a bunch of racist shards out there too.
They don't like us white folks so much.
I just put them out again.
Again and again and again.
Not to mention, of course, all them, uh, them fag shards out there too.
Like James Brown.
Here's the Cooper City.
Hello?
A connoisseur.
Yes, sir.
Don't put me out.
And little Richard, all right, let's put them out.
Would you rather be put down or put out?
Uh, put on.
Okay.
I'll be all night.
Put in.
You're probably rather be put in.
I'm like real current on my abionic phrase.
Yeah.
I think it is.
That's our full question today by the way you're rather be put out or put in.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
I think it has to, it's related to being a victim or something.
Yeah.
Don't pull me out.
All right, we put them out yesterday.
He won't be calling back today.
We put his ass out.
I don't know how many stats or anything, but I'll put you as a black cab driver.
Don't want to pick up certain types either.
You know, it's not just the racist thing really.
No, this goes to dark.
I mean, like I said, white folks are scared to death of a black.
And even a lot of black folks are scared to death of other black folks.
Exactly.
That's our full question.
Why is everybody so goddamn scared of black people?
Most crimes by blacks are probably on by other blacks.
That is correct.
That is absolutely correct.
Don't be blaming us.
Yeah.
And as far as the cabs go, I got an idea for that.
You know, we do have yellow cab and, you know, let's get somebody like GoJ, maybe just like.
A blue cab, called.
A black cab.
Black cab.
Sparks are cab.
There you go.
Red cab for the Indians.
Yeah.
White cab for the honkeys.
Yellow cab for the Chinese now.
And then we'll write down some stats and stories.
Okay, fine.
And white cab for the crackers.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Oh, and it was going to be a good one too, and he chickened out.
I guess we probably put him out.
We put his ass out.
Chicken.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, chicken.
Yeah.
It was a dark, a complicated person.
Yes, it was.
Somebody made a little bit of a hostile.
Yeah, that's all I can say to you, sir.
Chicken, democracy, democracy, democracy, democracy.
Although, isn't that interesting?
Every black person we've spoken to today except for the lady from the Virgin Islands.
Everyone tell us their restaurant stories.
What were they all eating?
They were all eating chicken.
How do you like that?
What do you think the origins of that is?
Why do black people like chicken so much and watermelon?
And that's another good question, I think.
Do chicken and watermelon go together?
That's a big deal with that.
And don't proceed getting the way of the bread, the breading on the outside of the guy there.
I'm chicken, don't they get all stuck in together there?
Not good, man.
Not good.
It's 11.56 at 5.60 WQAM.
This is 5.60 QAM.
Now, what do you think we are?
We're having a food lottery day.
We just put in three times.
Are they going with a chunk of clothing for anyone's money?
That's it.
Here I pick on.
This is a handsome bust.
It's half-hunger for the audience.
This is the width.
Black city.
Iraqi color.
And when I get to Black city, I go to the third world.
And I saw a rabbit robot who'd be paramedic.
Yeah, I'd be going to Black city to the floating nightclub.
Yeah, I'd be going to Black city.
And he stabbed in my blood.
When I was going to Black city in a load my throat.
I never go to Black city without packing my gun.
Yes, two rocks, four every high.
Know that every now and then I still some crack to remind you.
Black city.
Iraqi color.
Some with buck-bones and intersection working for free food.
Black city.
Iraqi.
Relative cruising.
Got a verbal house with no windows.
And being at the number we should see my favorite home.
Oh.
Home.
Home.
Home.
Yeah, I'm going to go to Black city.
And I'm going to sell my crack.
I'll be going to Black city.
You can count on that.
I'll be going to Black city.
And that's my wrap.
I'll be going to Black city.
So I'll be back.
Yes.
Two rocks, four every high.
That's it.
Oh.
It's supposed to be a guitar.
I need to talk back.
You need to take a little guitar.
Everyone take a little guitar.
Home.
Home.
Come on to it.
560 W.A.
We got a couple of announcements there, including the America's Lion Baby.
It's been spotty.
They think we don't want to think it overboard or that will be gone by the end of next week.
877-785 Niel is that number?
And that's toll free for any place in the U.S.
of A, supposedly alleged.
877-785.
What is it?
6345.
Thank you.
Here's a leading high, Alia.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, yo.
Hi.
How are you?
Okay.
I've been listening to the show now, like, for three days, so far.
Three days, that's all.
Well, I didn't know about it before my friend told me about it.
Right.
I don't know.
It's really nice.
You don't know?
Yes.
What was your son like to show?
I don't have a son.
I thought you just said your son told you about it.
No, my friend told me about it.
You like to interpret what did you say?
She said her friend told her.
Oh, your friend?
Yeah.
I'm having a little trouble understanding what you said.
You're friends.
You said your son told you about it.
No, not my son.
I'm actually too young to have a son.
Yes, I like it to me.
How old are you?
I'm 16.
Oh, you can have a five-year-old kid.
No problem.
The way things are going now.
Yeah, probably.
So, do you like the Backstreet Boys?
Not early.
But I think I know that song that you were looking for yesterday, the Mariah Carey's song.
With 98 degrees?
Yeah.
And Joe Mama?
I think it's...
So what?
No, I'm still thankful I found you.
Right, that's it.
That's exactly.
You like 98 degrees?
Not really.
Oh, in sync?
No.
Oh, good.
Now we're getting more.
That's good.
That's very good stuff.
I listen to rock.
Like what?
Well, arosmith.
You got me one over, sweetheart.
Well, listen, you have a great day.
All right.
And a great life.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Well, she was very nice.
She was just 60.
Oh!
And 16, baby.
That's what I said.
That was lovely.
And she's brand new because her son...
I mean, her friend, the tourbite.
I don't know what she'd be saying.
These phone lines, is it my ears?
Is it the guy that...
What is it?
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
877785 Neil O. Jim Rome is on now.
We can't compete with that.
No.
Oh, now we're really in trouble.
See, I had to break the news to you, Pete.
But it doesn't make any difference to me.
I mean, I don't...
I don't really care.
I know that comes with great shock to you.
You just keep putting my name in the paper.
It's the only promotion I get.
Oh, it's the unneil, the anti-neil.
It's the Phil not-neil.
It's a...
Neil says this.
Great.
Thank God.
Thank God for my good friends at Queer Channel.
They're the only ones that will put my name in the paper.
And they're paying for it.
That's the promotion we get over here at this goddamn
want to be easily agreed.
No.
Choke.
None.
Zero.
Zipity.
Doodah.
Nothing.
Not even a goddamn sandwich, boy.
No.
And by the way, and my good friend Chuck over at the subcenter,
I still love you.
Chuck, you're a great guy.
And I waved to him every day.
Yes, but I noticed he did have one finger sticking up in there when he waved.
But on the side of the building, they were used to say for a good time less than the
Oroges of it.
And now it says, be sure to your holiday six foot sub.
Because it's the holidays and he's discovered it's more important to use his signage
there to promote his own business than to promote my show, which is hopeless anyway.
Isn't that right, Chuck?
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
Chuck is a great guy.
I understand.
And once the holidays are down, I guarantee he'll put that.
Listen to Neil Rogers.
I'll put that right up there again as soon as the holidays are over.
Once you check, come on Chuck.
No.
Must have been those meatballs.
Here's the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Happy birthday.
I was at it.
I'm glad.
Thank you so much, sir.
I feel so freaking old.
I really don't.
I don't feel any different than 10 years ago.
You don't look at day-old and it feels like this week.
Yeah, right.
I was talking to my brother.
He was up and filling and listening to you on the net.
On the net.
Boy, people are listening all over the world.
But he was telling me a story yesterday that I have never heard.
I'm 47.
He's a couple years older.
He went to a Catholic high school in the Bronx.
And when they would go swimming in the pool, the Catholic brothers used to make them swim naked.
Right.
And I said, what was the reason?
He said, well, they said that they didn't want to get linked in the filter.
They don't want to get naval linked in the filter.
They don't want to get linked from what?
From the bathing suits?
Bathing suits.
Oh, that's right.
I was in the pool yesterday last night.
I don't know if this is a lot of lint in my baby.
I said it.
I said it.
I was just toe-janked.
I asked him, what did Mom and Dad say?
He said, well, he told them that they said, well, let's do a little bit.
They went back in the church.
That's what Mom and Dad said.
The rules, the brothers and the non-jews, the precius to say you had to do whatever they said.
That's right.
I couldn't believe it.
I said, did you feel it?
He said he felt strange as all hell.
He said he stopped swimming because I said, I said, now that the swim team have to do it is, it was just like recreational swimming class.
But swimming class.
You know, it's just like swimming class and after school and whatever else.
I said, it's time for more tongue-for-ins.
Oh, that's right.
But I couldn't believe it.
How do you like that?
It's a true story in a paper yesterday.
Maybe you heard me talking about it.
There are finger-printing, the art stices.
There are finger-printing, all the priests.
Yeah, but what does that tell you?
But they now, but they have to have them registered beforehand to compare them because there's a bunch of wackos out there right now.
Yeah.
There's a picture in the herald to you that bit your feet.
But let me say it again.
Do you think anybody, do you think they can find fingerprints on somebody's penis?
No, of course not.
Well, so what's the point?
Right, exactly.
How about to let you, how about to let your prints inside your...
Unless you were registered sexist and how you're going to match finger-printing.
And of course we know that these guys I never registered sexist because the church we've said run under there.
Run under the big old rug.
Right, under the big old rug.
That's right.
They rolled the rug.
Right under the magic carpet.
There's a lump in the rug besides the Yankee Stadium.
There's no fact in the church.
Right.
Have a good one.
Thanks. Thanks for the good news.
Okay, there you go.
There's the naked truth.
As father's tool, once again, Wiggles his magic finger with the altar voice.
Don't do what I do, just to do me.
56670560, 0560 on...
I mean, this business is the wafer in the mouth and bending down.
It's all so obvious.
You know, it's called training and documentation while they're very young.
That's what Hitler said.
Get them all very young.
Brainwashed, indoctrinate.
Get them on their hands and knees.
Tell them open wide.
I'm going to stick away for real.
It'll look like a wafer.
Even its past noon at 560 WGKWM.
This is 560 WGKWM.
This is 560 WGKWM.
This is 560 WGKWM.
This is 560 WGKWM.
This is 560 WGKWM.
On Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you're Thursday.
In theaters now, from the director of the sixth sense, it's the eighth sense.
Five and six, and three more.
Yeah, me too.
My pudding tastes like Alan Fudge.
Well, my pop tart tastes like Spobho.
Please not dead yet.
I know, but it still tastes like him though.
The eighth sense, showing up.
Oh, my popcorn tastes like Tamila Lee's old imply.
Whoa, let me have some.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WGKWM.
We got Hank Goldberg, two o'clock this afternoon, and Hank with the, uh,
of course, we got a, one of the shots, Jimmy, five to six.
Oh, that's something.
Anybody, or hear that call?
They replayed the call this morning on the worst team.
That he made yesterday morning, that in tempered call, where he's always ripping everybody
to the sports writers and to sports castes.
And if you guys would just listen to what I say and what you say, blah, blah, blah.
You're a hard ass Jimmy.
You're a real hard ass.
And all I can say about Jimmy is, he's an asshole.
No question about it, okay?
And get off the Danny's case.
You miserable jackass.
He really is.
He's a piece of crap, Jimmy.
In fact, everybody, Hank was telling me that the other day, but of course, he's got
an interview room for that show, so I don't want to cause problems.
Okay, now is this guy still here that we put out?
Hello?
For a lot of you?
Yes, sir.
Did we put you out?
No, you put me out.
Oh.
The term put me out means form of disrespect number one.
Well, that's not what the other guy said.
Well, that's the way I get him into.
I'm going to ask him to expose you to out you like to bring you out of the closet or something.
Whichever closet it might be.
I'd take it to be a form of disrespect.
Well, that's not true at all.
Well, that's the way I get him.
That's the greatest respect for my brothers out there, the ones who deserve it.
And for the people that don't deserve it, whether they're black or white,
to them is what I say.
Well, let me explain something.
Yeah, well, someone asked an American male from Chicago, Illinois.
Oh, you're a racist.
Chicago?
Well, hey, listen, there's a lot of very well-produced parts in Chicago.
I just want to explain to you that I went to school at Eastern Illinois,
Illinois University, which is in Central Party, Illinois.
All right.
During my time that I was in school, I was a waiter at one of the restaurants there.
And I don't know if you know anything about Illinois, but it's a farm town in the Central Party, Illinois.
Right.
And what I'm getting at is the tipping, the tipping, the controversial tipping.
Yeah.
And most of it, I will say 99.9% of the customers that I waited on were white.
And now the eight-hour shift doing my time that I did work there, I might have gotten $10, $15 worth of a tip.
Yeah.
So this thing about always channeling the negative information about blacks on tipping is totally wrong.
Well, let's turn it around.
Let's start talking about people.
Like white people tip like crap, too.
How's that?
But your...
I sure we ought to have some restaurants now.
If white people come in, we have a rubber stamp we put on their automatic 30% tip
just to make up for the cheap white bastards.
How's that?
That sounds right.
But you know, another thing, you know, I'm...
This is my third time listening to you.
And one thing I noticed about you, and most of your listeners, you're bashing a lot of cultures and that's not fair.
Bashing what?
Cultures.
Cultures.
Cultures.
Just because I was picking on Jimmy E. I know what he said, Robert, just come down.
Go ahead.
Cultures like what?
Well, you fancy stereotype information about blacks, Chinese...
I love the Chinese.
Well, I'm just saying overall, this is what I'm gathering for you.
That's the reason why the culture...
That's the reason why the country is the way it is today is bunch of racism.
And until everyone respects each other's cultures, you go all the way to the front.
I'm going to ask you something.
I go to all these different places, Toronto, Amsterdam, Berlin, all around the world.
And there's all kinds of people, and generally speaking, then nobody cares.
You know, there are...
It's all like everybody kind of melts in together.
But here in South Florida, it's like a lot of hostility.
A lot of hostility.
What is hostility all over the country?
Not like it.
We got a special blend, greed.
I just want to let you know that information.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, I don't want to put you out now.
Okay, he's got that radio crank.
I mean, he's at least, he's less than every day.
He loves me.
In fact, I should have made him say that.
I love you, Neil.
I love you.
When he calls in on Monday, I love you, Neil.
And he's going to say,
Neil, come on.
He is. You watch.
Monday, I'll get him to say that.
Because he loves the show.
He just don't want me putting them out.
See now that I know what it means.
I mean, I don't want to be putting nobody out.
In fact, I think, like I said, most guys
would rather be putting it in.
We have an open line on the America line.
877-785-0.
877-785-6345.
That no jive.
Let's do Liberty City.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to wish you a happy, belated birthday.
Thank you.
I got a question about Black Swan,
particularly the rest of our, you brought up?
No.
Yeah, I don't want to argue because I like to show you show
it's deep, man.
I love it.
I love it.
I think Black people, as well as any other so-called non-white
have the right to go anywhere they want.
Right.
Regardless.
And as far as the tipping grab.
I'm not even going to go there with that Charles Thompson thing.
If that's the type of service at that time, Tony,
who was Japanese, by the way, just don't go there no more.
And another thing.
Yeah, you know, that's what I, if I go into a place and it's very obvious,
they don't want me there.
Why do I want to spend my money there?
Exactly, exactly.
Instead of calling 911, why don't I find out there's probably 75,000 Thai restaurants
within 10 blocks of where Thai Tony is.
If this, if he, if he had the feeling that they weren't treating him right in there,
next time, go someplace else.
And Jay Littlebid making a joke about it last night on a tonight show.
About Thai Tony?
Yeah.
It says National now.
So I mean, out there in Burbank, California,
I don't know what show is that.
Warren Mewon, they got it.
They heard about it.
I wanted to call you up because since you do all these little bits,
and you're talking about mainly my type of people, Blacks,
why don't you just do a lot of bits with a lot of Black bits like the Reggie White
with the Campbell Supermercial.
And you know, that song, you always tell my, I don't care.
Yeah.
There's a song by Phil Collins called, I don't care anymore.
Maybe that's the song you're looking for.
Okay.
I don't care anymore by Phil Collins.
And another thing.
Broken Brian?
You're a dope man.
He's got the good work.
And Neil?
Kick ass, man.
Oh yeah.
Do get that.
G-White.
For scamblis.
Hey, nothing like a hot bull in soup.
You know, we take them back to a time when my man had done
made our whole neighborhood smell like canned tomatoes.
We ain't like that no more.
When all the new flavors from Campbell's soup, like chickaboo stews.
With chunky rat balls and motorbillets.
And my favorite cream of boule.
How flipped with T-Gull poop to make it juicy.
Oh, and your woman is in Lungin Sambo's no more.
Co-scabble soup.
Be good.
Mmm.
Be good.
Mmm.
Be good.
That's what Campbell's soup.
Be good.
From 18 to 560 WQM, he be my mentor.
That Reggie White, he be my mentor.
Bigger than piece of crap.
But anyway, I think it's a good question that the audience raised today.
Why is it that white people are terrified of blacks?
I mean, we're trying to create rational harmony in this town here, aren't we?
Uh-huh.
And are we ever going to succeed?
No.
Of course not.
I mean, why is it that white people like, why is it that black cab drivers are so terrified?
A drive in neighborhoods where they're like dangerous black people.
I guess we're terrified of people we deem to be dangerous.
And I would like to point out here that not all black people like this last guy.
Was he dangerous?
No.
He was not dangerous.
How about our buddy that I put out?
Was he dangerous?
No.
No.
Now there's two.
Any others?
How about...
Roy!
Sorry.
How about him?
Yeah, he's dangerous.
Have you ever noticed the kind of menacing looks that he gives you?
Like that, yeah.
That kind of thick head menacing looks that he gives.
I think that's who I put him up to.
560, 705, 60, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
The America's line, 877-785, Neil, it'd be open.
877-785-6345.
It's only a South Florida thing.
I don't think I can detroit anybody's afraid of black folks in here.
Chicago?
Like down there by Homo by Cicero.
Is there a afraid of dark folks down there?
Here's Volka.
Hello?
Neil, don't put me down, dog.
Put you out.
Or put me out.
I gotta put you out, man.
I couldn't help but chuckle when I saw that ad this morning in the morning.
I was just sitting there with my son, Sentinel.
Which one do you have, Jim Rome?
Yes, the un-Neil.
I didn't see it but I'm sure there was Pete Bolger that faxed it to me to make sure that I
would mention Mount Ear which I'm delighted to do because there isn't one person who listened to this show.
We don't have the sports nerds here so who gives a crap about Jim Rome?
Exactly.
I got a big pick out of this.
Yeah, just keep mentioning my name, guys.
I appreciate it more than you'll ever know.
Let me dig something up.
I'm working my way through school so I'm waiting tables right now.
And I just got an echo of the sentiment.
The black people don't tip.
Are you putting them out?
I guess so.
Oh my god.
That's so termed but it's just that simple.
I mean, they run my ass off.
For example, I had to pay a little like six or seven the other night.
It was about seventy bucks.
I got three dollars out of it.
Out of seventy bucks they've got it.
You got it.
You got it.
The ten percent would be seven bucks.
Five percent would be three.
Fifty.
Five percent would be five percent.
Right.
Yeah, unbelievable.
You know, they can call in and argue with you but it's true.
We're trying to educate.
If you're going to go to a restaurant and people are going to bust their ass to give you service,
give them at least fifteen percent for Christ's X's minimum.
Minimum.
Yes, I agree.
Amen.
Yeah, I have a great weekend.
And you too, thanks.
And like I said, get the old rubber stand,
all you people in the restaurant business.
Let's make it the American F and wait.
There's nothing wrong with that.
A fifteen percent grittuity has been added to your tip.
And then if you want to leave it like a little extra because you have to continue your real good service,
or because you're generous like I am, go ahead.
Be my guest.
With this crap of like a seventy dollar check and he gets away, say fifteen cents,
something like that.
How the crap is that?
And then you wonder why we've been putting you out.
Start reaching in your pocket, start feeling the change, okay?
Start digging around deep in here and see what you come up with.
Squared, squared.
Not that deep.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a Pemberpine, tell him.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Great.
What's up?
Same old stuff pal.
Look, I wanted to really thank you.
I'm a licensed nutritionist in getting the word out on low carb dieting and
I deal with these to go into.
I can't lose an ounce.
I can't lose an ounce.
And I'm so glad you mentioned to me about doctors.
Oh God bless you sir.
Thank you.
Every time I think I got a new doctor that knows something, my latest doctor, I wanted to get a flu shot.
I was there a couple of days ago.
And there's no such thing as thoroughness with a doctor.
My other doctor, Dr. Mark, he's a great guy, but he's more interested in conversation than in doctor.
You know what I mean?
More interested in, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And so now my new doctor, it's the same thing.
Did we ever get around to doing a flu shot?
No.
And then I took my homo test, my homo-sistine test, and I sent the blood to the lab.
I get all my other stuff back.
And now here it is over a week later, guess what?
The lab forgot to do the test.
And now the blood is still refrigerated.
Now they're going to do it again.
It'll take a week to have it.
Well I have good news for you.
Now that people are getting a little bit more self-educated, there's going to be more home testing for blood and saliva, which is more accurate for hormonal testing.
Good.
But you can't do your homo-sistine at home.
Oh, as you can.
Yes, you can.
Why does that take a week?
Why is that such a complicated test?
Well, it turns what lab they're dealing with.
Oh, they must be dealing with a really bozo lab at my new doctor.
Hey, Gary, get with it.
Get with a real lab, Gary.
Again, I just wanted to thank for spreading the word on low carb diet.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Yeah, I wish I could lose that 50 pounds.
Hmm.
I'm just the same.
I stay the same.
I gain a couple.
I lose a couple.
I get to start lose four or five.
Get all excited.
I come in here.
And it's the same old crap.
I mean, I haven't changed.
This is the honest of going to, in the last two years, I haven't changed one ounce.
I mean, there have been ups and downs.
But in terms of where I was then and where I am now, I mean almost exactly the same to the ounce.
I'm fat.
I'm fat.
I'm real unhappy about it.
I cannot do it.
I can't do the heck in terms of.
I'm sorry.
I know a lot of you people are doing it.
You're doing great with it.
I believe in it.
Can I do it?
No.
Can't do it.
Can't not do it.
And then of course, I come in this morning and that soup was sitting there.
Why did I eat that soup?
Not that I wanted to say I'm on grateful because it was delicious.
I liked it.
Am I happy that I ate it?
No.
No, because I feel like it's loaded.
Yeah.
I feel like any second I could do it, you know, have some sliders.
We're not talking baseball, baby.
Sliders.
By the way, where is it that you call those little hamburger sliders?
You know, like at the Royal Castle, like the Wayne Arnold hamburgers.
There's some part of the country where they call them sliders.
We'll find out.
Isn't that a great thing?
That sound great.
Like, yeah.
Like mucus, sliders.
Here's a Fort Myers, hello.
That's White Castle, isn't it, Sliders?
Yeah, I think so.
I called it Talk Your Board of Screener, God, but he said to talk to you.
A couple of weeks ago you had a problem there with the FTC because you were dumping things over there,
but it would broadcast in Fort Myers, and I thought you dumped the thing over there.
We don't care about what's going on there.
Oh, I'm frightened over there.
We don't care what's going on there.
That's where that bogus station is.
You know, they listen to beesleys.
If they don't want to put anything into that over there, they have to live with their own problem.
I only cared because I thought it might be of concern to you, but if not, then I don't care either.
I'd like to hear that on the bleep.
There you go.
In fact, that's probably the reason we got any audience over there.
Well, they have something to do with it.
You spread the word.
Hey, uh, maybe you play all you can eat and eat, grow for them if you get a little break later.
I'm going to call a frills.
I'll call a frills.
See if you'll do that bit again.
Yeah, maybe he'll do the routine again.
Let's have to get through with Margaret.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, N-E-I-L.
They're using that K again, damn it.
That's why they ain't getting through.
8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
And you'll notice, by the way, these people will never admit it.
You're about to have post-eats.
I mean, I'm glad that we finally get, we had a cab driver, the first call out of the box.
That was good.
We got that former caddy from New York, but you just don't want to admit that most white people are terrified of black men.
Scared of death.
Walk up to the ATM at the bank at night, and you look over your shoulder, I mean, you're scared that it could be anybody, any scumbag.
But especially if it's a big, menacing looking black guy coming to you.
Maybe he just wants $20 to go out and get the later something, you know.
Get a little head.
Maybe he just wants to get a few bucks to go out and get some crack.
Or maybe he's just a respectable guy who just wants to go over there to get denies and see if they'll serve him, which they probably won't.
But nevertheless, and you're standing there at the ATM thinking, oh my god, it's a sparcher.
I better get out of here now.
And it's just like the guy said before, the dark-and-punked guy said he's a white guy and the gables walking around or driving in his car.
And of course, the cops pull him over immediately.
What's a sparcher like you driving in our neighborhood?
And they start getting real nervous and start thinking about those trucks in Texas and all that kind of stuff.
All those crazy people, you know.
There's the right door!
He's back!
A Russian rocket is that and again!
No, he's no Panthers hosting the Buffalo Savers.
Come on, come on.
The new voice of the Panthers, Jigsmen's on.
Can you guys stop the action?
Panthers preview starts at 7 p.m.
On Sports Radio 5.60 p.m.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, god.
Look, on Masterpiece Theater, the Akron downtown theater presents Star Force Lover,
an adaptation of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet starring Kate Witzlett and Billy Bob Fountain.
What's that gone, sir?
My love, my friend.
I like the way you do.
Mmm-hmm-hmm.
I miss you here from the everyday.
I like the way you look, too.
Mmm-hmm-hmm.
Hi, the hour.
For in a minute, there are many days.
Mmm-hmm.
Come over here, my sweet.
And let me partake of those Ruby lips.
Mmm-hmm.
Stick to the scene.
Or the only thing your lips will touch is the floor, ya freak.
I like the way you do.
Mmm-hmm.
You're asking for it.
Star Force Lover, on tonight.
Masterpiece Theater.
Hey, that's what those questions do.
Right next, Tickwell.
What do you think?
Yeah, he was right next to the Tickwell.
I kind of doubt it, you know.
They just ain't had the upping.
And when you grow up in a tree up there in Aintree,
there ain't nobody to teach your proper etiquette.
29-1 here at 560 WQM.
We've got a couple open lines for you.
If you find no waiting, 560-70560,
pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's the Fort Myers, hello.
Yeah, Neil, I'm a black male, you know, about 32.
Oh, right.
Yeah, I get.
Fort Myers?
Yeah, I'm a big guy.
Amazing, isn't it?
You must learn to move fast.
But anyway, well, all you guys can move fast.
I go out frequently.
And occasionally I go out with couples, other black couples.
And swing clubs, stuff like that.
Yeah, whatever.
But what I find out happens is, hello.
I'm here.
Yeah, well, most of the time that most of these guys are calling
and saying they don't get tips and all this.
I've noticed a lot of times the service just sucks.
It's a start with.
You know what I'm saying?
So they already come in with the attitude that, you know,
hey, these guys are going to tip me.
So I'm not going to give them any decent training.
You understand what I'm saying?
And me, you know, I always tip at least like 30%.
At least, you know, and that's just a guess.
But it's all the reason I do that is because I feel guilty because I know most of the time when I go out, you know, most of the people I go out with don't tip.
I think that's a good idea.
I think from now on, all dark folks should tip like 50%.
Just to erase this very ugly stereotype.
You know what I'm saying?
I feel guilty.
I'm not baggage, that's right.
You know what I'm saying?
I feel guilty.
But now I've noticed, you know, like I said, you know, most of the time these guys come in and they've already got a prejudice to attitude.
That's why I spags tip real good because we got so many strikes against this already.
We figured it out.
No, seriously, at least if we leave a good tip, they'll say, oh, why don't we, you know, we don't mind if they come back.
I mean, it's the one thing about it.
And like I said, the loosened to your show and I'll just speak guys calling it, oh, they never tip.
They never tip.
I mean, it's going to make me stop tip that also.
Like the pot calling the kettle, you got it.
Hey, right.
I have a right tape, pal.
Good show.
Okay, we got a dark guy here and four Myers who moves to answer.
He's like to go to the swing clubs and he's got a big one.
Okay, five, what's the number on the award-wide line?
877, that's our next poll question from Monday, by the way.
That's our poll P O L E question.
Now those stereotypes are not true, believe me.
I've come across, so to speak, some black guys who were hung like a butterfly.
877, 785, Neil, 785, 6345.
And see when you try to impress people with that stereotype, it's kind of like a jungle thing, you know?
Like an ape has got like a big shlong.
I mean, not like a human.
Is that supposed to be like Peter, what do I say?
Like John Holmes.
I'm a select Peter North.
Nobody is like Squared Squared even North.
You know, forgot it's 87, he can still, Squared Squared, bring it, baby.
Forgot it's 110.
Here's four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, man?
How you doing?
Oh, this is the guy.
That's what I just got to say.
See, he's got a fetish with that.
That's not the guy.
Is it?
No, this is just another spook.
Now, that guy from the other day, he called earlier and he also said, socksucker, we're going to, they've got an obsession with that.
You ought to be, you ought to be hanging with the Cubans.
You know, Joe Costello and I were having a conversation this morning and maybe the audience can help out as you're doubted speaking of ethnic things.
We're talking about the sports in this town and one of the reasons it's so difficult to get a crowd like the Cubans.
I mean, you know, blacks, they like basketball and they like their football.
Not too many with a baseball and certainly one or two with hockey, it's enough.
But Cubans, I mean, what sport did they go to football?
No.
Just a few, just a sprinkling, not many.
Baseball, absolutely not.
No.
No, the Cubans in Cuba, they like baseball down there and Cubans in Latin America.
But the Cubans here?
No.
No, they're out in the wood all.
Even when Alex Fernandez is a pigeon, even when we had everybody on the team had some kind of a Latin surname, they still didn't care.
Did they?
No.
Hockey?
Oh.
Two of them, maybe.
I'll just leave him long.
I'll see two Julios.
So what did they know, basketball, maybe three or four?
A couple.
So what does that leave?
Cock fighting.
That's the only sport that the Cubans does seriously.
Highly, and you ever see that news sign they got on the Palmetto Highly, a home of the fighting cocks?
That's it.
That's the only thing they can relate to that they care about.
Anything else, but don't hold, don't hold for them to show up.
Ain't going to happen.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Good to meet you.
Yes, sir.
That's been a long time.
It's the old station.
You did play.
The old station, WI.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Yeah, it's been a long, long time.
This morning I was watching the news and I saw them fingerprinting all these trees.
Right.
And I'm like, whoa, what the, you know, what went down on it turned up a volume.
So they're sitting there and they're going, just captive so-and-so is fingerprinting the cow.
You know, fingerprinting all the trees, some of the fiships and all this stuff.
And the guns and all the employees.
I'm going, that's cool.
Now what are they going to do with it?
They're going to be in the very end of the guy after they cut from the film he goes.
And these will be held at the archdiocese.
And I'm like, wait a minute.
Why?
Where are they going to be on file there?
That's like a fox inspecting a chicken coop.
That's right.
There you go.
That's number one.
Right.
Number two, I listened to Rome for the last hour after you're done.
I just find it entertaining.
Yeah.
He's a pretty funny show.
I mean, it's pretty good to put together.
And I'm not a sports freak.
Yeah.
I just listen to it.
You know, and I enjoy what people got to say.
What did you talk about?
I'll kind of sports.
And also, well, it's, it's, I don't know what I put it, you know, they take it and they put it in a different type of synopsis.
It's not boring.
It's not all stats.
It's entertaining.
But it's still sports.
True, but he also gets into the other side.
You know, he goes beyond that, you know, like into how you do with the Heracune's.
And this one shoots that brother four times by accident.
And that one shot this cousin.
He goes into that same stick.
But it's, I find it quite interesting.
And it's not so bland.
And it's not so bland.
Why?
It just doesn't deal with fans.
Right.
And whatever that nobody knows about it.
I'm in trouble this year, well, now I'm in big trouble.
I don't think you're in big trouble.
Yeah.
D2D.
What the sports holds need.
What I mean, it's like, you know, all I can say is, right, it's like a good name.
And that's showing the bitch that comes on later.
I mean, that's enough to drive, you know, that's during drive time.
Yeah.
I'm 195, had himself, and I hear that laugh.
I hear her talk.
I'm looking to kill somebody.
It's drive time and she's driving everybody to another station.
That's it.
That's it.
All the must be running.
Her numbers goes down, her numbers go down, but she's not only doing that.
She's dragging everybody else's numbers down at that station.
And you don't want to talk about it.
I feel sorry for the guys.
Oh, well, yeah, but it's hard to blame her for knocking down guys there on six o'clock in the morning.
Well, they should be in the afternoon that time.
Well, that's when they did great.
And, apparently, don't you remember when they took them off from the afternoon?
They put her on.
And exactly what I predicted was, oh, that happened.
Yeah, they fired her out.
Huh?
They should have fired her out.
But she took their numbers, which were pretty decent in the afternoon.
Oh, yeah, I thought it.
And they knocked them down to almost nothing.
At least they were competing with Hank, giving the little run for his money.
She doesn't even do a one-share.
She's invisible.
She's like one step away from Waffen.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm some serious.
She's one step away.
She barely makes a flip on a rickshaw that bitch.
She's about four steps from Disney Radio.
Exactly.
Okay.
Maybe Scott Schwarzel, higher about I doubt it.
He's too smart.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We're all done with that line nine today, I guess.
Mostly four Myers today.
You know what I said?
Let's hear it for four Myers.
God bless them.
877-785-0.
Maybe my good friend Ted David could be calling on it.
I haven't heard from him.
You know, the last time I heard from Ted David from CNBC,
was the day I admitted I had that online health that I bought a 15-inch
and sold a six and a half.
And I think at that point, he finally wrote me off.
Oh, my God.
Not going to be calling there no more.
The great Ted David.
Of course, I don't watch the NBC anymore anyway,
because it's too depressing.
How does the stocks do today?
I think they're up about 60 points to Dow,
which of course means nothing,
because unless you got the same four stocks,
three, come on, 355.
You can do it.
You can power lunch.
Oh, like I said, the Nasdaq's down 12 points.
That's not too good.
The S&P's up 3.73.
Come on, real quick, speak at a rickshaw.
Come on, you can do it.
Where is it?
The Dow, what's up 50 points?
Big deal.
Let me get back to much music.
Thank you.
21-1 is 560 WQAF.
TV Vogue.
Tony Sports Showdown.
Are you up to the challenge?
No.
Saturday morning today.
Only on Sports Radio 560 QAF.
Now who can take the carcass?
Make sure it is dead.
Who did it in the oven after it is stuffed with red the turkey man?
Yeah, the turkey man can't.
The turkey man can't house a cup of said the spice
and makes the bird taste good.
And who can take some white mint?
Cut it with a knife.
Cover it with gravy,
so it doesn't seem to dry the turkey man.
Oh, the turkey man can't.
Yeah, the turkey man can't house a nose
a thing or two about a butter ball.
Oh, the turkey man makes all the bird's teeth
makes what ventues the end delicious.
Talk about Thanksgiving wishes.
You can even eat the chiplets.
Yum, yum, yum, who can take a drumstick?
Cook it golden brown.
When you take a bite you want to eat 11 pounds
yes, the turkey man can't sit up with love
and makes the bird taste good.
A turkey man, a turkey man, a turkey man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man.
There's our steps to those unreflectured, Dutch-Tammy Davis.
We'll be very afraid of, for example,
if I turn around right now,
Sammy Davis was behind me, would I be scared?
No, no, because he's dead.
Plus he was Jewish.
5.6705.60, that world line is open.
1877785.0.
877785.6345.
Here's a four-letter deal. Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay. Great show.
Great show.
Sure it is.
I got to make some points about this big fight.
First I want to thank the Jim Roomshow myself.
No, the feats are unneil, the anti-neil.
He's pathetic.
I used to live in LA.
I'm a private controversy.
Yeah, forget him.
We have no problem here.
We have no problem.
No problem.
They don't lose any sleep.
I'm not.
You want to see the checker get twice a month.
Exactly.
We wouldn't lose any either.
Exactly.
I'm going to make a few points and I want to thank you, in particular,
and most of the media for really bringing this phony out.
It's John Henry character.
I'm going to make some points.
First of all, the fun is crazy.
I must be nuts.
The funny is quote I've ever seen by a sports owner.
Did you read the Linda Robertson article this week?
Yes.
That was a great column.
Nice going, Linda.
That's about time he wrote a good one.
I'm not in this for the money.
Right.
Did he get that all along?
If he can't, I mean, this guy must thank you, Steele, and we complete more on.
Yeah, he does.
And let me make a couple points.
This is a guy who, why would you, Neil, if you're an owner of a company,
why would you have yourself standing out there in the middle of a completely empty stadium
to show that nobody cares about your loss soul?
Yeah, it's to show that nobody cares about your company.
And he's moving people down.
Big deal, like those 90 people couldn't move down on their own.
Let them do that when there's 20 or 30,000 people to move some nice,
some see how fast they get their ass kicked out.
Yeah, I move some people then, down, you know, after the fifth inning and showed,
that would be showing something good.
Number two.
Never happened.
Number two, he's worried about building a stadium.
He should be worried more about saving the team.
And he said one thing this year to inspire anybody to go out and see these marlins next year.
No.
He should be taking his checkbook out of more balls and going out and spending something.
And not only that, but he says they didn't lose any money.
So if they didn't lose any money, why aren't they willing to make a commitment
to spend a few million dollars more and get a couple of decent players on here?
And then maybe they'll draw some people.
This is really a baseball town and they can break even together, maybe make a few bucks.
And if they can't do that, it's not a baseball town.
Then tell a guy, then, think and let him go to a Binghamton or somewhere.
You know, talk about putting the car in the head of the horse.
And then he comes out with this 90% thing.
Like this guy isn't going to move figures around it and never admit that they wouldn't make a profit.
90% or nothing is still always nothing.
Yeah, this guy's pathetic.
You know, listen, great show.
I don't know how to do it.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
By the way, this goes back.
Oh, God.
Yeah, they're re-releasing the village people.
YMCA on November 15th.
And how do you like that?
I told Robert and he said,
Why?
Yeah.
Because this goes back, dummy.
This goes back.
And of course, that brings to mind a question.
Why?
Yeah.
Who needs it?
Radio Smegman.
That's going to be half or about another three or four months and then people will say,
Oh, Jesus, stuff really does suck after you hear it's 50 times.
I mean, it's fun to hear it once or twice again, you know, after all this time.
And the thing that I find interesting is these young males who allegedly are listening to that right now.
They weren't even born back when disco was big.
This goes, died back in the 70s.
So let's say 75, 76.
That's 23 years ago.
So God's 20 right now.
Was he born?
No.
It wasn't even in embryo.
He wasn't even in a thought.
And all of a sudden, hey, we just discovered disco, baby.
All right.
Let's have a Gloria Granger, a gainer on here.
What do you say?
No.
How about that?
What's her name?
That Alicia Bridges.
Let's get her thing going, right?
Yeah, that's enough.
See, that's enough right there.
It's all I have to use.
That's funny.
Oh, yeah, I like that.
Now let's hear some real music.
40,000 for the Backstreet Boys in Toronto last night, by the way.
Oh, I'm thinking about those tickets.
I got the Kid Career in the Middle East,
December 5th, right in the front row for the Macarena for the Backdoor Boys.
Maybe Monday, I'll give those away on here.
No, I said I would never give anything away.
But I think what I'll do is I'll come on here Monday morning and lie and pretend I'm going to get more.
And then you'll find that all the kids are out of school on Monday.
In fact, spread the rumor and all the kids will stay out of school now on Monday, right?
If you spread that rumor that Neil's giving away front seats, front row seats for the Backdoor Boys,
I wouldn't give those away, but spread the rumor.
Maybe I'll change my mind.
Maybe I will. What do you think?
No.
No.
Come on.
That's our poll question today.
By the way, Kenneth Smacho, Nick from 98 degrees or Nick from the Backstreet Boys or Nick from the Young in the Horn.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good.
For Nick and borrow.
Let me do this method.
I'm a young black professional.
36 years old.
Oh, right.
And I go out to eat a lot.
Yeah.
And...
You probably go out dressed up real nice, don't you?
Yeah, I do.
And...
You don't go out there wearing like a jumpsuit, anything like that?
No, none of that.
And, you know, I tip.
And I do Neil, I tip 20% if you puke on my table.
Right.
I mean, that's just that way.
Yeah.
But it's probably because I work in the industry and I understand it.
Let me just tell you this.
Black people aren't the only people that don't tip.
Okay, but before you go on with French Canadian zero, do you?
Yeah, exactly.
But the fact is, would you agree that most black people are not good tippers?
I would agree that they aren't and I would agree that they aren't simple because they don't know.
Okay.
Okay.
It's like birth control.
If we just start teaching them things like that, they can be amazed how much progress we can make.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And I think that's a real, real issue.
And it is what it is, Neil.
And certainly there was some mechanisms to do that.
And I think that's...
I mean, I think after the first eight or nine babies, it's about time we start to keep on doing that stuff.
That's enough.
Yeah.
I don't know.
That's the definition.
Second thing, Neil, as far as why white people don't...
Like I believe most white people don't like black people.
Why?
I think that...
They don't like most blacknessy.
I don't know about that.
Well, let me put it this way.
I think...
I don't dislike black people.
It's just that there are some that I find are like, I don't know, creepy.
Well, let me give you an example, alright?
And I'm sure that a lot of black people would find the same black people creepy.
Let me give you an example.
Let me give you an example.
I was walking home the other night.
I was at an unknown place, coconut grove.
And hanging out with some friends of mine.
And I had to walk.
Now, don't tell me there were black people on the other side of the tracks.
Well, hold on a second.
Yeah, actually I do live on the other side of the track.
I don't know.
And so I was walking home, right?
And it wasn't very late.
And this group of white people were walking on the same side of the street that I was walking on on the sidewalk.
Do you know that they actually went to the other side of the street and walked in other words crossed because I was walking down?
And it happens to me all the time.
And I laugh at that because, frankly.
I've done that.
You know what?
I laugh at that.
I will confess that I'm not in a very long time because I wonder why I walk.
And in years gone by, there have been times when I've been walking down the street.
I look ahead, there would be kind of like a sinister looking young black guy coming the other way.
And I'll cross the street and make sure I walk the other side of the street.
Well, to me, that's not my wrong to do that?
Well, let me just ask you a question.
You fear what you don't know.
You think that you think that all black people are black people?
No, I don't know.
Not all.
There could be a lot of black people.
You never mean you.
They could have been you and I would not cross the street.
That's right.
That's what you look like.
Respectable and you dress.
But when it's something that looks like OJ in a jumpsuit, I cross the street.
Well, I can appreciate what you're saying that way.
I just don't, I thought I thought my two cents in there.
But for example, if you were walking down a street in the grow and you were on the same side of the sidewalk
and you saw OJ with a machete walking toward you, you might cross the street as well.
I would cross that street so fast.
Very fast.
You know what I mean?
But you know, all black people are not bad-tempered.
All black people are not going to hurt white people.
I frankly don't have my-
And all Jews aren't cheap either, but just most.
Okay.
I'd be honest and I enjoy listening to you.
You have a great week.
And have a great life.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I mean, this thing about old Jews, let's start picking on them.
I wow, life and father, you know, the Helen Day.
We've been through it a million times.
They're not going to change.
They're going to change now.
And every time one dies, they bring another one down from up north.
We just keep you placing here.
Okay, here's another shipment of old Jews.
Just send them up in a condo.
Just pick out the navel and send them up and get out of my hair.
Get out of my blue hair.
See, this is the problem with this time.
There's nothing wrong with old people.
I'm an old person.
Not by Florida standards.
I'm getting pretty old.
Nothing wrong with old people.
But we just have a demographic here blows.
The demographic sucks.
You go anywhere, anywhere, anywhere, not just other countries, but in this country.
You go to another city and there's like a lot of young people.
There's a few old people in the middle.
There's all, there's a mixed demographic, a mixed bag.
If I can say that, can I say that?
Oh, a mixed thing.
But here, there's only two kinds of people.
There's old people and minorities.
Now that was, I'm glad the way I get it.
There's farts and hoolios.
Is there anybody else?
If you're driving right there right now, look out the window.
Look to your left.
Look to your right.
I guarantee you need to be somebody old sitting way back from the steering wheel with their arms extended, terrified.
Look at, usually with their mouth open.
Like that.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're making this sound.
Yeah.
Well, we're driving.
Or, or it's someone an a vote person or someone dark and collected.
I would say the odds are 90%.
You mark my words.
If you're driving right now, look around.
Don't let anybody see you're looking.
But look around.
And you say, God, F&A, baby, nails right.
That old son of a bitch.
Oh, God.
He's honest something about this town.
Just bring in some more living people.
That's all, some young living and breathing people.
That's all we ask.
Some living and breathing people who might speak for your forwards of English.
That's all we want.
Now we're talking.
Speaking of old, here's Halendale.
Hello.
Halendale.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
I ate six sandwiches 60 years ago and filled up the impact.
All right.
We never had cheese on them like they say in your commercial.
But you know, it's from the sex with me.
Yeah.
And anyway, what they say about it is wrong.
The original mistake.
Yeah.
So, let me tell you how are your teeth in or out right now?
Come on.
How do we put you up?
Are your teeth in or are they in your mouth or in a glass?
Are my teeth in or are they in a glass?
Yeah, they're in my mouth.
Wow.
Could have fooled me.
Yeah, well, I'm an old dude.
Remember that one?
Old dude, yeah.
In a good way, I'll do it.
But I go back 60 years ago.
But you can tell that people are advertising.
Yeah, you can tell that people are advertising.
There's no real cheese on them.
Filly cheese steaks.
That's right.
When we had them with just the knives and we got nearer corn for nickel.
Yeah, these are more than more than metal for example.
All right.
Well, listen.
If you were eating enough of the onions,
then by the way, it cleans up your sinuses,
you wouldn't be talking like that.
Hey, you mean, that was from Hellendale, by the way.
Hellendale!
Hellendale!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
12.56 of QAM.
This is 5.60, QAM.
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hour.
There to Miami cops with a hot newbie.
They're on the street fighting crime.
They copped at the handy cams and they're there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In Hellendale's fights.
We got a problem.
The creaking is a little crazy.
We're in the center.
Isn't that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven?
Yeah, they're back in town.
Let's go get them.
In, stop it, nothing.
Clean up this tree.
Hey, lady, you can't cross.
Here you'll have to cross with a lighter.
And they're determined to clean up this smuggling system.
All right, sister, you're under arrest.
Oh, so now you're arresting my wife.
What's the charge?
There's just a power.
I'm gonna first time, let's hit it white stuff.
Yeah, just a thought.
She's got over 100 bags in here.
What?
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant, she just came out of.
Let's take a minute.
Yeah, there's very kind of a hidden Miami cops on a hot newbie.
In Allendale, vice.
We're making this ball on MBC.
Oh, by the way, the people who used to own puppeteaks wanted to pass the message long to all the old Jews that put them out of business.
Cox, a hoist.
Two minutes after one is five, 60 QA.
They steal a sweet and low to silverware.
Anything that wasn't tied down, they'd shove up lots of coal, small into their purse.
Get the little hairy, little messy.
Who cares? You know, it's free.
All the deal pickles, you're shoving in your place.
Like this last guy that gives me a song and then some Hellendale about 700 years ago when I was a teenager.
There wasn't no cheese on a Philly cheese steak.
Just cheese.
I just take it onions.
And you know what?
He's still hasn't got out of his system.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Pretty good, sir.
I don't get it.
African Americans are uneducated about tipping.
Maybe a honky can educate them.
How about the Pullman porters?
They made pretty nice living off the tips.
Yeah.
Or you can just...
No, they're uneducated.
Evidently uneducated on the giving part.
The receiving part is not a problem.
Yeah, or else just go to Biscayne, cafeteria and ask one of the brother waiters there.
They'll tell you all about it.
I have a better solution that doesn't have to single out any group.
Just keep in mind that the people that are bringing the food to your table,
when they go pick it up, they're alone with your food for a brief moment there.
That's right.
Just think back to those great stories.
T. Willard Ferries to tell about Spittin and the Soup.
Yeah, I mean, some of those kids do it and never even thinking about tips.
But you know, you spit somebody and then you go back to the same place.
You're asking for trouble.
Right.
So I used to drive a cab at nighttime.
For me, it had a lot more to do with the area you were in than the person you were picking up.
I was over there on South Beach.
I mean, anything goes, you know, and you take your chances.
But you go down Biscayne Boulevard and it happened.
I picked up a young black guy and what they're doing there is they're going about a mile west
into the bad neighborhood and having you wait while they pick up their drugs to come back
and sell on Biscayne Boulevard.
Longing $60.
And I mean, they were great.
There was no problem about the companion.
They tip you too.
But the problem is if the police catch you there with them in your car,
they're going to confiscate you right.
And you're going to go to the car.
So you know, you just got to be careful.
Okay, do it.
Educate them.
Have a great life.
Bye-bye.
Okay, when a doubt gets smart, that's what he's saying.
Like Don Adams used to say, get smart.
What do you think?
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18 to wireless.
Not what it is.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good.
Yeah, it's the first time I called you guys.
First time you heard you ever read before, actually.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah.
I've been around 400 years and you just found this show?
Yeah, I just found this show.
Oh, that's because we don't get any publicity.
Because there's no promotions here on the Sky Dam station.
What it is, I got a cheap cash.
I worked for a company called Fish Club and I get in.
And I also know Zondas on the station.
I heard this thing about Tipton.
Yeah.
So are we doing it?
And at the whole time, I'm laughing quite a bit because you're pretty funny.
Yes, I am.
I'm a panic.
So anyways, I'm in the business where you can't get tips.
And I find that.
I do.
First before this, I used to be working in a condo as a dial A.
And then I worked as a limping guy.
Right.
And so I understand, like you said by old Jews, people not to them.
But no, not all of them do that.
No, just most.
Yeah, come on.
That's what's beyond it.
They're cheap.
Old Jews are cheap.
But you know what?
I'm a panic.
A lot of panic people don't have.
Really?
I mean, I haven't got to them yet.
Yeah, well, it's true.
We haven't figured out what it is that they do.
We know what they don't do and what they don't like.
But we haven't figured out what it is that they do.
They do have to go to cock fights.
But you know what it is?
It's like down to South America.
And it's not customary to tip.
It's all just you pay one price, you know, really tip.
Yeah.
So that's the problem.
So they come here and they don't know better.
It's really a lack of agency trust.
So all over Europe and Latin America, I guess it is.
It's standard around most of the rest of the world.
They put it in there.
They put it right on the bottom of your check.
A 15% utility is been added.
And that's it.
Not just for dark people.
Not just for old Jews.
But for everybody, then nobody's got any complaint.
Nobody's going to be called 911.
We don't have to get Bobby Butterworth in the middle of it.
But we don't have to have no lawsuits.
And that's the way it works.
But one fascinating thing I was watching PBS
and had to say what students go to Africa.
And they have black students and white students.
And they get there.
And the white students have served before the black students were served.
And pretty much the black students were ignored.
And they got upset and started having the worst with the African hosts.
And so it's pretty much around the world.
I don't know what's going on, but it was a stereotype around the world.
Even in Africa.
Yeah, they're too fond of blacks in Africa.
I mean, a great say pal.
Okay, buddy.
Ever great life.
The 800 number is 877-785-650-550.
What is that that's your name?
That looks pretty good.
That's what I wanted you to understand.
What is it?
Oh, baked eating from our good buddy Tony's.
And I'm the 93rd Northwestern Avenue.
And for two days in line, by the way, Robert did a great job this weekend.
We also fed him pretty good too.
After that, I'm Wednesday.
It was very upset because I go to mommy's.
I see you forgot.
Should never agree to work on Wednesday.
Because I go to mommy's for lunch.
Not even any walk about soup.
What did I say?
877-785-635-445 for our America's line where we had a couple of calls on her day.
Not too, not too thrilling.
Let's not overdo it.
Let's not build up more than a $2,000-$3,000 build this first month.
Or are these people cheap?
I mean, these people are just amazing.
Anybody out there thinks that I'm kidding?
But there are people in tears.
There are people that want contest from Power 96, six years ago,
who have mortgaged their house, just hoping and praying that maybe they might get their winning someday before they croak.
Is there a chance?
No, probably not.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Yeah, how's it going?
Yes, sir.
I have been listening for about a month.
I love your show.
Almost everything you say is right on.
Exactly.
I don't know.
I was listening to the black gentleman who called from North Miami before.
And I have to say that I don't know.
I really don't have anything in black people.
But if you see someone walking down the street, it's all about how you project yourself.
You're hooting and holler and playing the boombox, like up to 10.
Obviously, you're going to make people feel a little bit uncomfortable.
You're going to scatter the crowd.
They're going to run for cover.
I mean, but other than that, I mean, I have nothing in black people.
It's just about how you project yourself.
I just wanted to talk about the tipping.
I haven't done any research on the discrepancy between the blacks and the whites tipping.
I mean, some people tip well and some don't.
But the thing that really burns my ass is that I'm from New York.
And when I came down here, I never heard of adding a gratuity onto the check.
The whole idea of gratuity is that it's an extra.
Yeah.
You don't add that all over the world.
But they do it all over the world.
But I don't understand.
Well, they do that to protect the people who work for them.
So at least it makes it standard.
And then if the feeling is if you give it really good service or if you've got somebody that is a good tipper,
then they'll add something onto it.
But at least they're not going to get stiff that way.
No, I understand that.
But this is how I feel about it.
I give 20% regard.
Right.
So do I.
But if there's a fraternity on that, if they add the gratuity ever fused,
just by a net or a principal, I will not add anything extra.
Yeah.
Don't you understand in a long run the service people are still ahead of the game?
Because there are a hell of a lot of people out there who we've heard stories today.
5%, 7%, not even 10%.
So in a long run, if it's guaranteed to be 15%, it'll balance out in their favor.
But more and also balance out because a lot of people also give more than that.
Not as many as you think.
Really?
Not everybody's generous like us.
I just believe that these people do work hard for their money.
They don't get paid a lot by the establishment they're working for.
Right.
I believe that they deserve a little fund.
A little extra, right.
So I don't know.
I just don't really agree with the 15% with the 15%.
Well, then they have those Thai restaurants.
I mean, they do it at Joe's too.
They do it everywhere at Joe's.
And Joe's?
I think I was at Joe's the other day.
Why do you go there?
Why do you, does anybody come?
My parents were in town.
They wanted to come.
Oh my god.
Take a look at a real place.
Don't take a real place.
That's a face place.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah, I know.
I know exactly.
People have a lot of them pressed everybody else.
So if there are a million places, you can go and get better stone crabs than it Joe's.
No, I know you don't have to, you don't have to smear the, I made to the, and try to impress anybody.
But I know what you're talking about.
All right, Neil, look at that.
Have a great day.
Thank you, Neil.
10% 1 is 560 WQM.
Not that I have anything against Joe's.
I've never been there.
I don't want to go there.
I just know the lay of the land.
I don't even like stone crabs.
But I've had 75 trillion people tell me who love stone crabs.
That there's at least 100,000 places you can go and go in this town.
He had much better stone crabs.
Don't have to pay through the nose.
And I don't have to smear anybody to sit your ass down on the chair.
Just like that crap with the forge.
Oh my god, the forge.
Every time I dry, I used to, of course, I'm not over there anymore.
But every time I used to be anywhere moving.
I drive by the forge.
That music would just start popping them.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it was all about.
Remember that episode in the forest not too many years ago?
Yeah.
I start conquering off versions of Myrlansky walking his little dog in Collins Avenue.
And the 4.80 even on Collins Avenue.
It's never less.
Yeah, that's one of those things.
They give Igor some food, okay? He's starving.
Mentally and physically.
Get the Hoover out the moon, man.
He's in the morning.
Can't he very crafty?
Yes.
With my consent to the old, my decision to stretch off the boat half a sea.
It don't matter to me, I don't care.
I don't care.
Outside of school, he's been just being.
That Florida is boring.
It's all the parking lots, early birds, and those birds are so f**king sweet.
It's plain really sweet that I don't care.
I don't care.
Whatever happens to all the good things we do have.
Nobody gives a crap.
And it controls by the math rules.
It's the land of the great debt.
So I prefer to slash my balls instead.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
All right, one seventeen.
God bless the b**king hands.
Like I said, speaking of Boston, by the way,
which I'm sure they're not listening up there at Arc here.
Oh, they are.
Boston newspaper rejects tobacco ads.
You know, this makes me nauseous, you know?
Rejecting tobacco ads.
The Boston Globe, a unique of the New York Times Company,
became one of a small number, thank God, a small number of US newspapers
to ban advertisements for tobacco products.
See, the reason I say that's crap is because it's illegal to smoke.
Not yet.
Is it illegal to sell cigarettes?
No.
You know, it's like $20 a pack now.
So why shouldn't they be able to put ads in the newspaper?
God damn it.
Because let's face it, little kids don't read newspapers.
Do they have to last time I check?
So they can get all bet on a shape about tobacco ads on TV and on radio,
which have been illegal for about 400 years if they want.
But kids don't read newspapers.
Of course, tobacco ads, it says it comes for less than one percent
of the globe's ad revenue, a dollar amount, and much less than seven figures.
So they're pretending to be goody-touches,
but are they really turning back a lot of money?
No.
They're just putting on a big act in addition to which the Boston globe is very,
very, very terminally boring, just like the New York Times and like the Toronto Globe and Mail.
All those staggy old newspapers that want to be staggy and old, they're staggy and old,
and they're boring.
Give me the Toronto Sun, give me the tabloid in Boston,
would used to be when I lived there, the record American,
now it's the somewhat ever something else.
What is it?
I don't know.
Maybe it's not even there anymore because most newspapers, as you know,
have gone out of business.
Anyway, beat that as it may.
Does anybody in this audience read a newspaper?
No.
Here's Mimey Springs, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
You know I taught at Ray Whitney Gold the other night.
Great, what a goal.
It was brilliant.
Yeah, but I must take from you.
It was Jock Straff's stewing all over the ice.
Oh yeah, that is definitely...
Deep Smith's Jock was on the ice, Fred Brathe,
and I love the way that Jigs MacDonald said he faked an offensive and the gold tender right
as if they don't have a name, you know, I'm sorry, Jason, but I think they got a name.
For me it was a very startling and revealing experience because I had ducked into the kitchen to check on some slop.
I was making myself because the wife was just glued to the TV.
And then all of a sudden I hear...
I've probably got a hot, there's got to hot for better.
Oh yeah, so all of a sudden I hear this piercing orgasmic yell.
And I lunge over the counter and I realize Whitney has scored and I ask her, wow, I mean was that one a real one?
I mean, have you been faking it with me all these years?
Are you sure?
Ray Whitney has a pair.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, the answer to that is yes by the way.
Yeah, I think so, Neil.
By the way, I don't know what those, what those parts we're doing in that place anyway.
I thought that spooks and slopes didn't make it too well.
Okay, all right, I have a great day.
Terrible.
But he has a good point.
Yeah, you know, don't be med-time, wouldn't that.
This thing about the woman in Pemberpines with her kid, you know, she may be a very nice lady.
But it seems, you know, there's something smells and it's not just the remnants of Josh Friedman being in here for 30 seconds.
I'll maybe there's something to me about that story.
Jean Marie Davis took her 60 year old daughter, Pemberpines, Thai food restaurant, Thai shittorralata, whatever that is.
That's the name of the place.
Shittorralata.
The uh- Pemberpines, that's what it is.
It says their food is pretty good, although some of it is kind of chitty.
But anyway, the restaurant owner says he's not a bigot and he's a minority himself and he thought that she ate there once before
and didn't leave a tip and wanted to make sure he got some money for the waiter.
And she says he's got me confused with somebody else's, he's lying.
It was their first time there.
Some blacks say the case highlights persistent racism and tip assessment in South Florida restaurants.
You see, this is like which one came first, the chicken or the black egg.
That's the problem, you know.
Is it a racist thing? Is it something that's based on a long standing habit that makes people very nervous and as a result they want to force you to give a tip
because they're afraid you're going to be very cheap, which we are here in by the way.
So far these last couple of days since we've been talking about this overwhelmingly, they say even the darkies say that we hate to admit it but we're pretty goddamn bad tippers.
Except for our more affluent guys, they three or four of them who said yes, we dress nicely and we leave 20% and we feel very embarrassed and you sparses out there, start tipping pretty good.
That's what they said. That guy from Fort Myers, he said all you coolons out there, cut the crap.
You make this look bad.
I'm just a little bit leery though because this is just and again in a Thai restaurant, but what was she eating again?
She ordered a chicken entree.
See, that bothers me. That bothers me a lot.
It's like our good friends at the Emile Coast, the great Chinese buffet.
As soon as I mentioned that they got an already chicken, Chinese chicken dishes there but also watermelon to the dessert bar.
Wow, you should have seen the change in the complexion there and they treat everybody great at Emile Coast.
They don't discriminate. They like everybody. They'll take your money.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Well, let me put this in here because I've been listening to this conversation for the last two days.
I'm from Chicago also. I'm self-employed. I've made close to $100,000 a year.
All right.
And I've been in radio.
I used to work for Jack Brickhausen, Chicago, who you know me.
A lot of people might not know.
And things are, but let me tell you, I've been in Chinese or Korean or Thai restaurants.
I want to tell you a perfect example.
Okay.
Typically, I went in the restaurant. I was the only person in there with my date.
You could hear a rat piss on cotton and what happened was, no, let's go to Melinda again.
Okay.
What happened was, I asked as usual, the young lady ordered first, the girls stood up there beating a pincel on the pincel.
They were prepared like, it is wasting their time to get the only person in there.
The answer was she wants to.
She was dampened.
And then she asked me what I want.
You know what the next question was.
Now what does the young lady want to order?
You didn't know what I'm saying.
Then the next two white guys walked in there.
15 minutes later, out of the blue.
She's over there smiling.
Asked what they want.
Now, most waitresses have known about 15 minutes after you started to meal.
Come back and ask if you want to refresh.
You're going to come back.
You think she came back?
I had to go find her.
I had to go find her.
You have to go find her.
So you know when I got up, I got up and I get left nothing.
Good.
Excellent.
I love nothing.
That's what I say.
I say you should have been there.
They had us.
They had us.
You hit them back.
Yeah, I say, they say, hey, here's your tip.
I'm like a little bit of a fan.
Right.
Okay, but the thing about you, a person tips for whatever service they receive.
Now, it's a self-fulfilling prophecy here.
If I'm going to walk in a restaurant and you're going to speak to me just because you're going to come over and serve me,
I'm going to wait there 15 minutes while I see everybody around me.
It's waiting to get served and stuff like that.
You might as well get it.
No, I don't care if there's 15% gratuitity on that bill.
I'm going to walk out of that restaurant without paying for anything about my food and they could kiss my egg.
Kiss your fat ass.
No, they're not that fat.
I'm too poor.
Kiss your slum ass.
But I'll kiss your black ass.
No, whatever.
Right.
And all this about this guy talking about poor women.
That bitch would even born when they were poor women or poor women.
Right.
We don't know what the hell he's talking about.
And the one that says he's pulling the fat ass.
And I got one other thing for these smart people who are so smart saying,
Spooching me to go on the phone, I bet they're fat, be tall.
And you can't find that as we get rid of whoop they are.
All right.
Okay.
He says, don't be saying, Tracy's cool.
He don't mind too much but spook and whatever other one.
Now what he said?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
He was good.
He was a, what time is this, Joana?
Put that laughing right off the ear.
I'll tell you that.
Are they already here?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18t line.
We got the hopper hand coming up at two.
We have two o'clock.
That's right.
At five, we got, we could got a shot.
Special, that's right.
38 special.
And then we got the Booster and Joe Costello.
That's right, together between six and 10 tonight.
They'll be broadcasting from the Homestead Motor Speedway.
It's the Big Penzole 400.
What ever the hell that is.
Another one of those damn car races.
They'll be going around and around.
And Joe will be squeezing himself or maybe squeezing Boog
until he gets so excited.
He is into that stuff.
Heavy duty, man.
He's just obsessed with that stuff.
Well, you know, even in Italy, they got rednecks.
Here's Palm Springs.
Hello?
I've been your dark fault, Lou.
Let's go to a four-lotterdale.
Four-lotterdale.
Hello?
Oh!
Tell me this isn't happening.
Tell me this isn't happening.
Please.
Say it isn't so.
Okay, Robert's going in the other room to see if it's that other phone in there, which we're hooked up to with it from the...
What was it?
No.
No?
It's just lying.
Okay, well, it's ringing, so at least it's working anyway.
Every day is part of the program, Mr. Reed.
We have to add that.
Is he concerned about this pilot?
Is he doing anything about it?
No, he's oblivious.
He's got more important fish to fry.
This is only the show with the 11-share here.
This is only the show that's making him feel better.
Is he concerned about it?
Is he involved in trying to get this right now?
No.
No.
He's walking around a building going...
Ehhhh!
Like that, which he does best.
Which is a bookstress of the Sudan.
26 past 1 is 560 WQM.
Wake up with the first key.
Joe Rowe, Jeff DeFarris, and Steve Goldstein.
3D Mornings at 6.
Only on sports radio, 560 QA and...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
You're brighter, you better...
well i said he's managing fast thanks i'm not fast enough and uh... you know
he was not top for a while but now he's going to be right back down around the
bottom
which is where you like to the best of the evening that's what i hear from
sources who know that i said on the bottom that's what carlos said
he said ricky loves it on the bottom anyway one thirty one of five five
sixty uh...
boy he starts squeezing himself
here's a mobile invoker hello
here
yet i'm out average back
uh... average white band
yeah i got a little
discrepancy with some of the waiter
stuff everybody wants to get on the band well i don't have a man stick it
to the one having
i make my own
make my own lemonade
and then they got a nice and
no i make my limitate at the restaurant with the sugar and and lemon
extra lemon
and you bring in like a lemonade mix you bring in our country time
is that i think i'm gonna be like you the water
and the lemonade the restaurant used their water to make lemonade your own
lemonade
and the sugar on the table and they try to charge me fifty cents for the water
yeah i don't think that's right
amen
time to leave with his suit
okay you want
okay told me when's this
okay
okay
i thought he was a hockey player he is he's playing for beret tomorrow night
he's got a thing is taken outside
and by the way just readman came in here
you know i can still smell the uh... remnants
to announce to me that pop out buries been cleared by the doctors to play
tomorrow he is physically okay as far as the doctors are concerned
now that it's up to him for the buffalo game tomorrow i don't forget right
in rewittney by the way on your all-star ballot left wing right and then he's
not on their god damn it
so beret has been cleared by the doctor but of course now it's up to him
now it's up to you the uh... the uh... thing is in your the ball is in your
court pavel the puck is in your uh...
rectum somewhere
so it's up to you pavel off
we're going out there tomorrow night anticipating scene number ten on the ice
and god damn it better be him and i'll get a walk okay it better be pavel
beret number ten
gerry vault go boy they choke to they fold up last night or uh... don't even
remind me was very was the hey we got to point over the time i believe me
didn't deserve it did not deserve it
the falling leaves well everybody got to go through a tough time
always open in the door again at your statement
all man
uh...
what a stench
only here could somebody who smells like that be still wandering around the
hallway seriously only in a slacker kind of a place like this
you must have another reprint of those pictures
here's what a lot of the whole
yes sir
i can't tell why they are disarray
yeah
what about it what about it for a brother wait on you
uh... or sister
there were a lot of work there there were a lot of weight tables were back to
the watch and that's true
yeah
i'm not a tip and white
right
it's not my thought because they can't give an education and they can't make
but to fifty and they got to be nice to me
and i know it's burning that for them to be nice to me
the great way to be nice to me would they would
they would be there they're gonna put you out there
yeah
we were around there when i went around whitey when i was doing jane
and i just call him your nigger and a part of all that stuff
yeah
you only wish they would call you a sports that's why you said word it's
a nice it's a nice word
of course you use it because of the night's word and we appreciate your
people detail out of nigger
yeah it doesn't it right
that's all so this is my good chance
it's for monkey any day of the week man
it's all it's it's all much better
right
smokey cloud always do i get to a cool man cool man
oh man it's for me right i love it
i encourage all you people out there to start calling our dark and collected friends
sparsers and sparsers okay
one call me a spear truck on the
that was spear trucker that's another one
yeah that's what i see right you white that's what i think of a spear trucker
so i love this is my good to this is my chance to get back at white
even now get anyone knows white bastards good
yeah this is my chance to get back at white
i love to go to restaurant to make white and worker ass off to get nothing
nice going
yeah i took 50 hours to get trash
okay keep it up
yeah see a spook i mean to my friend
five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty
on it see he likes farther
i think that's a magnificent word
leave it to the jews that's one good thing we ever did
we invented yiddish
what a great language farther sparza
smaegi smendrick oh god and of course
yo backwards
yes everybody's stealing from us the catholic stole little beanies the sparsers
stole
oi and they put it backwards
the yo crap you know
he's got a good point though you know this is one way that dark folks get back
with the honkeys even though the maybe these honkeys aren't such bad people
let your stiffen but nevertheless it's a symbolic stiff
here's four mires hello
and a very good day to you i tell you jungle bunnies another good
no bunnies not bad yeah good
now remember europeans are all lucky to me just that the girls the hero the back of
my life i like that your europeans and canadians do get the tip atty to that
bill right and you're you go understand one thing what is the difference
near between a canadian and a canoe
yeah a canoe tips
oh yeah that's old that's older you are it's older than the queen that's all
in the queen mom well i don't even i don't know if she tips or not but what's the excuse for you
brits how come you guys are so cheap got a new
no no no no no no no no no i'm a 20 we do my wife and i do 20%
okay maybe not use specifically but you have to agree the brits are awfully tight
so the canadian you do the but you see the british tourist in Rome for example
they're sitting there they'll split the entree be it'll be like a you know
ten thousand lira entree which is like six dollars in between the two of you know
and then they'll leave like a couple thousand lira which is like a dollar twenty tip
what is that there's no excuse for that at all one good thing is that being
we're having lived in this country since nineteen eighty two i have got some of the good habits
yeah which is tipping what are those oh tipping what is one of them and probably shooting your
neighbors and the uh crosses you something yes a good idea that is a good idea that'll teach
those brits a thing or two okay have a great day pali thanks bye pali ho
uh
twenty two before two if i want to know just just time in the start right today that
walk about soup it's walking its way to my intestinal tract oh god
why did i do that why did i do do that man that we got to stop stop the food stop the food
coming in here Shannon i appreciate it very much i appreciate the outback people
i appreciate the mayday people at the north peri airport they're great i appreciate everybody
stop the food now for robber we got the food near and all i had was a little cheese off two slices
of pizza there from Tony's which ain't bad it's not bad huh time to cut the cheese
don't play me it was it was Josh Friedman oh boy does he's he doesn't i don't know
does he smell bad but just a look at him it just that that would be a good diet just keep him
around a lot that would be a painful diet just keep him around you lose your appetite forever
he is just so gruesome and he's lost six hundred and seventy five pounds since i came here and he's
still a cow although you should have been here when fat boy came in this morning with his buffalo
bills outfit on with a cap and the thick glasses i mean this is a guy that's been he
not one account that he's ever brought to your ever saw the light of day except one time that poison
palace that he had on here for one day but other than that and he says to me hey pali hey pali
ready for death game time he's got some silly thing from wgr and buffalo he's playing
knocking at dolphins and but playing the silly like a silly person see i realized he wasn't brought
here as a salesperson he was brought here as a court jester fat boy quarter response not good it's great
and
Let's go to the fight!
Let's go to the fight!
Let's go to the fight!
Come on!
Let's go to the fight!
Everybody, show up!
Let's go to the fight!
Well, there's a bunch of people working here, but I forgot them because I spoke too much about it.
I was a lot of balloons and everybody out here was smoking fire.
Let's go to the fight!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I am here to give you your back a call.
Mama K unoi come with you.
I know you have got a problem.
the frog you're a frog you're just from Quebec but you're not a frog
or you know well I speak it but I was wondering why they're now your friends
probably will go home but anyway yeah no what would you say to you in the
community of Bolshevans young but I'm not whatever you would I was wondering why in
this state you know this because the Canadians are so bad but anyway all the other
two is bad it's very worse very very sad rocket Richard is ready to die right now
he said okay just to pull the plug in humiliation yet yeah I was wondering why in
this country they couldn't sell a game like hockey played by normal size white
people they have a trouble they don't like normal size white people in this
country they like big shards is like Peter Royal that's why that's why the
attendance is down when he comes back to the lineup then they'll fill up the
macaroon again they'd like big big threatening evil looking black guys I don't
know I don't know I don't see I like I like average like medium size like like
Steve Iserman there's my kind of guy right there you know Mike Johnson they
police the number 20 there's my kind of guy you know medium size very
athletic very talented very exciting to watch that's my kind of guy you know
you think you think that kind of guy you'd feel safe in the shower with you
wouldn't be worried about dropping the soap that's right I hope I hope not but
I still think it's so violent so elegant and so fast again I'm just of
surprise it doesn't go over that well now they didn't understand it don't
understand it's too a fast for them they like something real slow like
football you know where they have run one play and then they go back and they
hold hands and not all and they get down and then they pass each other on the
ass you know see guys pat each other on the ass and hockey do you sir no I
start to worry about that that's exactly but I also the Buffalo coaches are
driving me crazy the way they're using fluting yeah okay we're listening call
up on the sports shows and have a great day okay boy this guy's worried about
skin flutty I think it's what he's worried about we don't talk about things
like Doug flutty all we do we expect him to let you give him credit because
he's great because he's exciting he's an exciting little god damn guy out there
and they can't get their hands on him here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir I'm
trying to be your eyes and ears on the road I had a spy report for you yes sir
often in Bayshore Drive in 12th Street downtown Miami right to Brickle the
Cubans are demonstrating again and closing off the street and
demonstrating about what what is it this week I don't know there must be
somebody important in that building they're demonstrating in front of
because they were whipped up into a frenzy maybe a twist they cancel the
I love Lucy we run on 51 last night I think that's what they're upset about yeah
maybe Ricky Ricardo has made a comeback could be they were rerouting concrete
trucks and everybody really pissed off a down there unbelievable well maybe
maybe they would have let one of those concrete trucks drop some concrete there
maybe cement their their resolve unbelievable okay thanks for the bad news
I'll see you are your meat is okay how do you like that they're starting up
again no it's so old and tired and why do you think everybody wants to get out
of the day county okay to get away from that to get away from that that thing
whatever that thing is this sick never ending thing block in the roads carrying
are we don't even know what they're carrying on about besides Fred Merchandethel
got more airtime I guess than than dizzy or something like that I'm Lucy
last night and they pissed off about it or maybe it was one of those guy named
soap operas what do they call him you don't know what that is one of those
whatever that is maybe they had a bad episode last night I think I'm gonna have a
bad episode this afternoon after you know too much walk about soup but it was
good it was really good thanks Shannon but don't do it again please
