Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Hey, it's a tutorial called 560 560 toll free for date and brower.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the beastly broadcast room.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
See, this is my theory like with Neil Rogers also.
It's the kind of thing like if you throw a ball at him, he runs the other way.
If you shot a hockey puck in Neil Rogers, he'd be running now 441 the other way.
Neil used to kind of tools of ignorance and he was a catcher in minor league baseball and he could have gone pro.
He decided to do radio.
Actually, it's probably been more profitable.
Go be high football ball.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
One more thing.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Thank you.
All right.
Am I queer?
People stop and stay away when we are near.
Yes.
For more fear, we're just living life.
The way we want to.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
It's tough on Jay.
And that is all what people say those nasty, nasty things they do.
It's because I'm Jay.
And that is all.
It's just something they can't approve.
Swimming, screaming, dressed up all in trash.
That's a good looking guy.
It's so sad.
They're the ones that make up all the bad.
Also bad.
We're just living life.
The way we want to.
Yes.
It's tough on Jay.
And that is all.
It's why they say those nasty things they do.
It's because I'm Jay.
And that is all.
But it can be so hard.
Inside you.
Only so.
So hard.
Inside you.
Inside you.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Squared, scored.
10-03 at 5-60 WQM.
Happy Thursday to you.
Thank God we finally made it to Thursday.
Every day this week I thought was Thursday.
And we finally made it to the spirit.
You know, I'm coming to work this morning listening to Marvin and Tammy.
Marvin gave that is.
Well, it's been a yesterday that show went over very big.
I had rave reviews from everybody.
In fact, they liked to show yesterday better than the hockey game last night.
I'm talking about the people at the Macarena last night.
Most of us hated that game.
Oh God, that was painful.
But they loved that show.
And I did leave out one very glaring category,
which I will touch on in a minute or two.
So I'm coming to work this morning.
I'm listening to Marvin and Tammy Torell.
And then, you know, I've heard all the songs I want to hear.
And I'm switching the CDs.
I'm about to pop the backdoor boys into my CD player.
And all of a sudden, you know, you pull out the one CD
and you get ready to put them.
The radio comes on.
And I hear some misfit, who's obviously listening right now, by the way.
See, when things get really desperate, you know,
when they force you to do 45 minutes of spots in hour,
and there's nobody calling and things are getting really deadly,
but all the stations like in the phone is in the crapper.
I heard you, he Hank yesterday crying like a child about the phone.
And rightfully so, carrying on unbelievably.
So you have to start trying with a contrived controversy, you know?
I mean, in Gelti, try this a few weeks ago.
Did it work?
No.
No.
Is it going to work this time?
No.
No.
And this right on the heels of yesterday,
what I actually said in this asshole Ojopravakutur,
who called this morning the one that I heard,
who's listening now and listens to every minute of the show
to go chapter and verse of what I say,
even though I am a schmuck.
And that's true.
I am a schmuck for working in this place.
But nevertheless, yesterday, what did I say?
Did I finally say something nice about them?
Well, kind of half nice about the fact that, you know,
Joe and Diffle, I didn't mention what's his name.
Okay, that's a good looking guy.
I didn't mention that.
But I give them credit for at least putting on the appearance of doing a show
where we're running 26 minutes an hour of spots
and the two updates an hour.
There's nothing left.
And I'm still keeping it on the year for another week
until Henry Barrow starts,
which Chuck Meyer next Monday.
I wasn't supposed to mention that.
Isn't Chuck going to be working with Henry Barrow?
Yeah, I'm working on Pee Wee Herman, forget him.
Well, that's what I'm hearing.
Chuck Meyer, the great Chuck Meyer,
what those great phone interviews.
Henry Barrow, Roger Magglin,
Ron Harrison coming in to do the sports.
There's a guy who'll tell you,
he knows nothing about sports,
but he's a fun guy, you know, to be around.
Lives in a keys.
That's going to be the new morning thing.
So I guess they're looking for a scapegoat now
for the fact that they just can't cut it.
And they're going to do contrab controversy.
So this guy's calling it,
yeah, why don't you guys take a poll, huh?
And see, you know,
then the erogers,
everybody can call and say what a schmuckie
is all these terrible things he's saying about the worst team.
And he can find out what's our photo.
Really, he thinks about him.
And Kelly's done,
oh, yeah, he's so thin skinned,
how he's spending all day.
No, I'm not going to spend
more than a couple of minutes on it.
In fact, I wouldn't spend any time at all
until Kelly made that our unbelievable comment.
Hey, that's a good looking guy,
which is starting to get us a lot.
Didn't he just get married?
And I thought,
was getting married or something like that?
Huh?
Kind of a strange thing for a guy.
It's getting married to say.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
That's a good looking guy.
All right, that was enough.
That voice, that sound.
Yeah, let's see.
The only survey that counts in my mind
as far as what's our photo thinks about me in the show
is the one that comes every month.
It's called the ratings,
the arbitrage,
the arbitrage on book,
you know, every three months.
Have you looked at those guys?
No.
Probably not.
So I know you're out there.
All you simple sports nerds,
which of course is another Fag Club.
We know that.
We know that you're hanging on every word from the show.
W-Q-A-M.
Yes, I like to get it to speak to Neil Rogers.
Speaking.
Oh, Mr. Rogers.
My name is James.
Yeah, but short show today,
so it's screenless until I was ballgame.
Oh, okay.
Time to pick up the calls.
There aren't too many of them this week
because everybody's getting ready for Passover and Easter.
Oh, that's okay,
but this is something that's going on in the state legislation
that the people don't even know about.
Well, you can't do the right place.
Well, I'm trying to get it.
Tell you what's going on.
Lay it right out there.
I'm trying to.
We have this massive audience out there
just waiting to hear the news.
My name is Jane Hose and I'm an insurance agent.
The state's Betty Hose and Dorf is trying to pass the bill.
Actually murder a bill that we're trying to murder it.
Yeah, but you're it.
Well, she wrote a there is a 1993.
The little child had a bill out there to get guaranteed insurance.
Yes, he did.
Okay.
I just want to make sure you know that.
Wasn't he dead when he was in office too, by the way?
No, he did something very good for the small employee.
Yeah, small employee groups.
One to fifty.
He had a law in 1994.
So guaranteed issue a law.
How do you spell it?
L-A-W-R-L-R-L-R?
Or is that L-O-R-E is in folklore?
You want to hear what's going on?
I'm listening carefully, but I want to make sure we get it done correctly.
I can tell.
It's a law.
A law?
Well, if you want to call it that, that's fine.
That's about.
Taking away guaranteed insurance from employees.
From four years.
Yeah, I've got to wonder another call.
Betty Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
How you doing?
All right, how you doing?
Great.
Who's making fun of you on the morning show?
You're a great guy, I love you.
Yeah.
Who has any right to judge?
No, you don't understand.
It's not a question they can fund.
It's a question of their desperate
and they're trying to stir up a bunch of contrabount diversity
because they can't get any calls.
I say to her, I watch one call coming for about 45 minutes.
They're done.
Who's the one saying stuff?
Is it Bo Campers?
What is it?
Is it Bo Campers talking?
Or is it Fort?
The Force?
Yeah, Bo Campers, yeah.
Kim Bo.
That guy doesn't know anything about sports.
I think it's Gully.
You hear Gully this morning say,
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
You hear that?
No, I didn't think Gully's trying.
I think they must have heard on my show yesterday
trying to give us a message.
Well, this guy's about to reach your cost on that show.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, so I guess we're going to rip them today
and say we're going to do it until the ball game comes down.
I wasn't planning on doing that.
I was hoping to hear about that lore in Tallahassee
that Governor walking, well, Governor
sleeping in the lot and he sleeps with the fishes now.
All right, what was she talking about?
I guess she assumes now.
And now she's not going to like me.
See, I am thin skinned.
She's going to say lots of terrible things about me.
So I cut her off and I was rude.
It was boring lady.
Okay, I don't know what you're talking about.
We don't care.
We aren't the least bit interested
in what's going on up there until they find
the air, of course, this thing with now.
You see they're trying to do the thing
with the vouchers, school vouchers.
I told you about that, Jeb Bois didn't I?
And all those fascists, what they want to do
is just take all the minorities.
I don't want them into which ones
and have the public school just be like a dumping place for them.
And all the people with some money,
they're going to go to these private schools
and parochial schools, these hot tea,
tati, and just destroy public education,
which of course is part of the whole
right wing philosophy.
Not that I want to get into politics,
but what you see is what you get.
So just keep in mind,
when it comes to anything of any consequence,
the Jebster is full of crap.
That don't be picking on the guys in the morning.
I will say this, they're costing the rest of us money.
In fact, I know Hank is probably feeling the same way.
I'm holding up my end of the bargain
with those numbers.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Oh, God.
We're doing it.
But a lot of us have secondary bonuses
based on the overall station performance,
men 25 54.
And when certain shows which out of winter
mention which ones they are,
certain shows are biting the big one.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Then it costed us all money.
But anyway, yeah, if they want to rip me,
that's fine because I can handle it.
Even the way I'm thin skinned,
by the way, Diffo, I never was a catcher
and I'm not a pull them that in the hallway.
He was out there with his baseball bat again.
He was batting it around.
Getting fat, rhymes with bat.
Ten minutes after 10 at 5.
60 QA and several places was spring train.
I know, but I remember I go back a long way
to when the Yankees first came down here.
And they had trained all those years in St.
Petersburg and what a culture shock it was for them to leave St.
Petersburg and come to Fort Lodil with it,
which at that time was where spring break was happening.
And in St.
Petersburg, you know what was happening there,
Will, because you've been to spring train in that city.
There was nothing there, right?
Well, I was in poor Charlotte for five years.
When you were with the...
Did you ever go to St. Petersburg?
Nope.
For spring training, never did?
Nope, nope.
Nine years before that, I was in Arizona.
Yeah.
Right, with the Giants.
Yeah, pay you up.
How is it coming over to the American League?
You looking forward to it?
I've been in the American League for five years now.
Yeah.
So I'm not unfamiliar with it.
I'm looking forward to just starting with a new team here.
All right.
All right, stop it.
Gail Z.
Gail Z.
Talking on a board show.
Trying to be my show.
Your boy sounds just like a saddened year old girl.
A little sports-hole show.
What else are you sad for?
Gail Z.
Gail Z.
Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Like a new uncertainty.
You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber band.
That choke.
Your throat comes.
Gail Z.
Gail Z.
Gail Z.
Oh!
Gail Z.
You're lucky, man.
It's just don't tell.
Gail Z.
You don't belong there on the air.
And Gail Z.
The sport can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Gail Z.
Gail Z.
When you're gone and grow up.
You make that wall to grow up.
You silly, squeaky, fool.
Go to broadcasting school.
Your fridge, you bastard.
It's always.
Thank you.
Now, time's up.
Yes.
You're up.
Hot.
You're up.
Hot.
That's 17 to 5.
50 to 15.
Thanks to our sisters.
We'll check down the NEC.
Me too, son.
Hot.
I think that's what I can do.
That's for you, sweetheart.
For my lovely lunch.
Is there a little sauce in here?
No, I don't know.
I got scared there for a second.
Well, by the way, Hank, I heard Hank yesterday
talking about the fact that he's the red that Bernstein
book on diabetes, which is great.
By the way, you're right about that, Humper.
And he was asking because I mentioned the other day
in the Shmere Olive Oil, which is one of the things I didn't
just make that up out of my mind, OK?
Although I do like extra virgin olive oil.
Great stuff.
But the Shmere down your feet, because your feet
are very important when you diabetic.
A circulation, you know, you have the slightest problem,
infection, whatever.
Keep those feet in good shape.
And Hank was concerned, because I said,
do it before you go to bed.
I don't mean like right before you go to bed, Hank.
You know what I'm saying?
Like maybe, you know, in the evening.
And the amazing part of it is you don't have to worry
about what it smells like when you go to bed,
at least not your feet.
Because amazingly, your skin absorbs the olive oil,
which is the whole idea.
And olive oil does smell like too much anyway, right?
I've never had either one of my dogs has ever complained.
Now, if I was going to be spending, you know,
a couple hours in the sack, about half an hour in the sack
with some hot number, then, you know, maybe I'd wait
until after she left.
And then I would, you know, then I'd apply the olive oil
on my feet.
So anyway, it's 10.19 as far as the WQM.
Let's just have a massive war on a whole station,
I guess, is what those guys want.
I don't know.
I'm having a good time.
Just like a member of Magic Johnson said that on that show,
I'm having a good time.
Two weeks later, it was canceled,
because the audience was having a miserable time.
I had some great folks there at the hockey game last time.
I've got a friend, Sean, his home for the outbreak
from Northwestern University in Chicago,
which he said is a living and breathing city
with real people.
Told you, Sean.
But of course, the game itself, I mean, what is there to say?
I hear these people analyzing Terry Murray as this,
Terry Murray, you know?
And I will give credit.
I think that Geldy was right there at the end,
even a little ass sucker like him, he's right.
And that is that this team offensively,
I mean, when you're two, thank you, Mary, I'm God bless you.
When you're two supposed top centers,
Victor Kuzlov and Nidomar, I mean, Nidomar,
and they keep quoting one of paper, he's lost.
I'm screaming at him, the whole game,
Robby, do something, get with it,
a little effort there.
Robby's hopeless.
And Victor Kuzlov, maybe he should be on a ABC,
a figure skating thing tonight,
because that's all he does.
He skates around these big looping circles.
I mean, round and around, and nothing ever happens.
And then Whitney feeds him a great pass there,
and a two on one.
I mean, wide open side of that, he shoots at 10 feet wide.
Victor, that ain't good to get the job done.
So we've had major, major disappointment to me.
It's good old Victor Kuzlov.
And you know, you take, I mean, what's really left?
You take Bury out of there,
and of course, then I'm reading that he didn't bother skating yesterday.
Again, maybe he'll skate today.
Is it likely he'll be back for that big game
to Varanite against Nashville?
No.
I mean, now that the team is like just about on a virgin being,
I mean, everything on that scoreboard last night
in the Macarena total disaster.
Oh my god, the Leafs getting pounded by San Jose.
Eight to five, it winds up.
And Boston waiting, three nothing over Ottawa,
and Carolina beating out the oners.
I mean, everything bad that could have happened on the scoreboard
happened last night, including in the arena itself.
And don't let the fact that we outshot the Rangers by that margin,
it means nothing, because I mean, Victor played okay.
He played pretty good,
but there weren't really many scoring chances.
They were mostly far out pussy shots.
And when we did have a good chance,
oh, oh, can't get the job done.
Right, Robbie?
Right.
The idea that they're quoting Needermar.
You know, when they lose these big games,
and Airbnb faceoff, especially they didn't lighten the game.
Airbnb, at least he's consistent.
Here's Peter Ned that against Robbie Needermar,
a big faceoff a minute to go in the game.
We pulled the goalie, fixed attackers out there.
Robbie, win a faceoff.
Can he win one?
No.
Lost him all, all the big ones.
Game after game after game.
So they keep you know with the, with the smoke and mirrors,
the organization this, and you're going to say,
you know, they keep blowing smoke, but it was very sad.
So I guess maybe we'll be getting good credits on that,
to play off money toward next year.
There you go.
Oh!
Definitely happy about WQAM.
WQAM.
How are you doing, Neil?
I know you were at the game,
so you couldn't have missed a gem that your buddy,
Rimmer, who said last night,
first off, he's talking about the game,
and where else gets an a little scuffle,
and he says, oh, I tell you, he said the one thing about the Panthers.
Hey Joe Castello is back today from his bot with Mono,
thanks to a Greg Reed, go ahead.
They, will stop.
Yeah.
He says, oh, the one thing about the Panthers,
we have one of the best one, two punches in hockey.
I almost rolled off the sofa.
Who, who is him?
You asked, or, who was he talking about?
Who was he talking about?
He was talking about,
where else got a little scuffle,
and he says, oh, well, with Lawrence,
and where else, they're like,
what a waste of time that will realize,
I mean, you know, gets a stupid penalty,
and then of course, remember, they scored one of the goals on a four on a four.
And I, huh?
And I scored, Brett had again screening Porsche on Burke,
they're skating right in front of him on the first goal there,
the Graves goal, that was pathetic.
Listen, Rimmer, a one-two punch is a pass from the other,
just stalk it at a goal.
Did you?
One-fifth, two-foot-a-go, you're an asshole, Rimmer, you're out of the goal.
I'll tell him that at dinner Saturday,
thank you, sir.
By the way, Rimmer, this guy says you're an asshole.
Now, he's not an asshole, he's just a shield.
We know, oh, there's Andrew Koonan in the hallway.
You know, I got a title there, Sam, seriously,
because everybody in the building,
we've been showing that picture in that book.
You know, the Koonan in on the deathbed,
because it looks so much like you,
and I held it up to Geltie this March,
and I said, there's Andrew Koonan,
you think he looks like Sam and Geltie said,
hey, that's a good looking guy.
And I thought, what kind of a comment is that?
For a guy that's supposedly getting married.
Koonan would all have blood on his foot?
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Jesus, Geltie.
Maybe that one testicle is about to descend,
instead of the, maybe we'll call him Rigling,
instead of Geltie, huh?
If he's moving up into the world,
instead of Gelting, it's originally.
Oh!
And you horse people know what that is.
Yeah, that's a horse with one descendant testicle.
That doesn't talk quite so high.
See, Sam does know that picture looks just like him.
You've been freaked out ever since, haven't you?
He's been walking to my like, uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Not going over to the beach any time soon.
Uh-uh.
Not going by that Versace mentioned any time soon.
And well, if it'll make you feel that
or I'll read you the last line in the book.
Of course, keep in mind the scary Indiana is
an out-of-the-closet screaming fag who writes the whole book
from that perspective.
But he says, the last sentence, he says,
the bullet bounced around in his skull
and came to rest without damaging his face,
contrary to all reports.
In fact, Andrew looked really, really pretty.
Now, I find that rather repugnant comment.
I didn't think he looked pretty even before the bullet, you know.
But nevertheless, he said,
hey, that's a good looking guy.
But anyway, 24 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Don't be ripping a morning show.
Okay, I mean, he got the real problems unless you want to, of course.
I mean, here's the schmuck calling in this morning a suckling.
Oh, needles are schmuck.
Neal, but we're ripping a chill.
You know, what am I supposed to say?
Okay, I mean, I can't, I'm not the one who makes the decisions.
I'm the one that, not the one decided to put Henry Biro
and Chuck Meyer on there.
Next Monday.
They're just not cutting it.
They're costing us all money.
WQAM.
Anya, how are you?
Great.
Great game, let's make, huh?
Sounds like a chronic regular to me.
What's the game?
Yeah, it is.
He always says what's the difference?
That's that Jack asked Andy.
Only this time I'm on to a man because I got my blood sugar down.
I have a nice lunch from Chuck and E.C.
at the sub center on the quarter of 441 I have to do it.
The difference is we don't want to talk to you.
The audience doesn't want to hear you.
George hates you like poison.
I hate you like anything you can imagine.
That's the difference.
It's that it's my show.
And I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want your faxes.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to know from you.
I'm like that.
When you said Andy, don't be angry at me.
Because we took a poll, and the audience said you know that, Andy,
from Hollywood?
He's an asshole.
That's right.
A nice glowing, well we every few people get a unanimous vote.
Huh?
I bet you people take a poll right now, but some people use
that they don't like they are.
I mean, when you hear that scratchy Screeching I'm
the first couple of words here.
All right, this is my theory.
Just look at it, laugh andっと.
I mean, it's sound, you know, you heard that old expression about your nuts and a vice.
Huh? Is that like, teats and a ring or nuts and a vice? Something like, I mean, listen.
See, this is, and this is my, come on. One octave lower practice with me.
And I even said something nice, remember, when Christina Moore missed a plane,
and I heard little excerpts of him doing a hockey game that I, good job there, Gildi.
Excellent, especially under those conditions. See, I tell it like it is.
I don't have any ass to grind though, agenda. Other, of course, than my homosexual agenda.
I mean, that goes without saying. Oh, big stories about the ballgame come up in Cuba this weekend. Oh boy.
I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it.
Got to be a lot of people doing a green apple quick step in a little havana this weekend.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
There was a no farmer who lives on a ride. He's adding the metal just shaking his hip
that some boys who were down by the fritz. There being the water, their hands on their marbles
and play things and at that pass-four. There came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces
and white fluffy dung. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children,
so they would not fit. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling,
wrapped you send litter from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her
hide at the fellow down by the dot. He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country
with a big fence out front. If he asked her for a lightly, she showed him her
nesto pesto who was subject to fit. And maybe she let him grab hold of her small dinner
and with a movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked on his candy
so tasty made a butter sky. And then he spread with cream all over her cookie
that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
Alright, well I get about an 82 on a scale of one. 1032 at 560 WQA.
So our poll question today is a guilty. Can't him or we'll keep him answer our poll question.
Actually yesterday I had a discussion of all the various jobs that are various
occupations that are mostly jobs held by homos. I'll come and left out school teachers.
I was thinking about this even before the show yesterday. I don't know what made me think about this.
But when I was in school, now I don't know if it's the same today as it used to be years ago.
Most of my teachers were miss the female teacher. Well some of the guys,
the female teachers were miss this and miss that. And I'm not talking.
See in those days we used to call an old maid. Nobody back then whatever referred to somebody as a
bulldike. I mean that was impolite, you know, as an old dike.
So we used to call them old maids. And I could mention the names of some of the teachers
because I'm sure they're dead by now like Miss Maloy. She was my teacher in kindergarten first grade.
She's got to be dead by now. I hope. Well I mean not that I hope but I don't want to be, you know.
Well no I mean I'm not saying that Miss Maloy was a dike but she just seemed awfully old.
Not to have been married. And you know what they say about old people that haven't been married.
Hey stupid. But anyway, yeah most of my female teachers were miss this and miss that.
They were like in their 50s and 60s and I had like a Miss lion.
So definitely is dead by now. She was in her 70s.
Amazing as that may seem. Well I guess early 70s late 60s still teaching miss.
So there's another one you teachers. You know if you take this business about keeping
facts out of the teaching profession if they did that they have to shut down all the schools.
Especially the parochial school. People fact in the church.
But I'm wondering if that's still the same today. Most of your teachers like in the last you know 10-15 years have been missed this and missed that or missed the point.
5-6705-60, 0.560 on the mobile one line screenless Thursday by the way. And we're doing that because you know it's just kind of a we're just here for the formality today to set up the ballgame.
Cardinals and the Marlins four o'clock, four o'clock ankle beyond after the game.
12-50 we got the ballgame.
And then after the ballgame we got Hank and Chulis. The bookster will be on the right 6-10 and Captain Tenek.
Talking about boogers got thin skin. How can you be that fat and have thin skin? I don't understand that.
We're not saying it because we don't like your boog. The fact is you're turning it to a gigantic enormous cow.
Like that lady that called yesterday from Phoenix. The cow lady.
WQAM.
Yes sir. I heard through the grapevine you were doing screenless so I had to come out from under my rock.
Yeah. How you doing?
WQAM.
Hey I'm coming on how you doing?
Okay.
I was curious if you happen to have seen the Oscars in 10-11.
I did not. Well who can watch the Oscars? Why would I watch that crap?
Well it's just funny because Foupe said the shot word live at the Oscars.
And I was surprised that no one picked up on it.
Well maybe nobody cared.
You just you know how about backwards said a live on TV said bull shot after you won a Kentucky Derby last year.
I was just surprised during client time that the thumbers etc didn't just go berserk.
Well I'm delighted to hear we're making the progress. There you go there's some good news for you.
Oh and by the way everybody that's always threatening they're going to call the FCC.
By the way be my guest go ahead.
But there's a great article in Business Week magazine this week.
You realize thanks to our good friends and Republicans the FCC is basically being disemboweled
and being put right back to what it originally was supposed to be a bunch of paper pushers.
That's right there no longer going to be the censorship FCC.
They're going to be just the not and not even so much the technical FCC.
Now the only bad part of this is one of the things that the radio and TV people are screaming about,
especially the radio people, they're not happy with the restrictions and the number of stations they can own in a market.
How do you like that?
So in other words maybe queer channel can buy up every station in the market.
Maybe that's what they want.
And by the way for those people on the morning show I don't want to mention no names in particular.
But anybody on the morning show that's got a problem with this show with neo-roger?
Hey that's a good looking guy.
I'll tell you right now the only reason that you guys are still in there doing the sports stuff
and we're still all spots radio here is because of this show.
Because the last year the last 14 months that we've been here you take the numbers from midday out of here
and put back the fat sports pitch and Christina Moron with those horrible numbers they had before.
And I hate to break the news to you.
But the guy with the bad haircut down the hall he'd probably be out there shoveling whatever was on that song before.
And the stalls out at the golfstream or high alia.
That's right.
Because the vultures were just hovering over this place before we came over here and rescue these dime badger.
That's why you got all those spots there in the morning.
Don't you understand that guy?
Because we got to pay baldy.
We've been held hostage thanks to Greg who's the great deal maker the wheeler the dealer the sports maven with monol.
We're held hostage to a baldy.
So the first you know 10 million dollars in revenue that we make that's all well and good.
That all goes into baldy's pocket.
Right baldy?
WQAM.
QAM.
Nice talking to you WQAM.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How's it going buddy?
Great.
Brandon D when you were leaving the game last night I said hi to you.
Yeah.
Anyway.
I like that they got out of there pretty quick last night.
Yeah the morgue.
I left the morgue a little before game ended.
Pretty depressing.
Very depressing.
I like to scream with the hour because I don't have to pay for this call until you pick it up.
Yeah.
I mean you're a genius arrestiner.
He's eating lunch.
That's right.
He's already done blinding.
Did you see the article in Sports Illustrator about the guy we drafted Andrew Long?
No.
Terrible.
This guy was trying to justify in a way the bolder the Jesse Bolder's guy hitting him.
Saying this game has played on the edge and he just went over the edge just a little bit.
Yeah right.
As you ever get to get to.
I say fried ass.
I agree.
He's unbelievable.
He started to get back in the game this kid.
By the way what was that that Needamar was doing there?
You know, spiraling a guy between the legs there on that face off on was and lucky that didn't get a penalty they're late in the game.
What the hell was that?
You see that?
That's all the time Needamar goes after somebody.
He's got, you know, the game.
When he went between their legs.
I thought that maybe Nikki's too busy doing that MTV spring break thing and she ain't taking care of him anymore.
He said a lot.
We don't even talk to him about Needamar.
Man he's the worst.
Absolutely.
And they keep quoting when the news paper they keep having these articles and he said, oh well gee that was a game we really needed.
We just didn't say yeah.
Yeah right Robbie you're a good sposh spokesman huh?
He shows up for every one of the dozen games and it just he's that.
That's pretty easy.
It's a bad game.
Air media face off.
Air media important face off loses it.
Air every single one.
I told my brother I brought him the first game and went to that guy.
I said okay we got Chris Wells and Robbie.
Yeah Chris Wells had him out there.
I'm gonna kill both.
He's sick while they were scoring while Ned med scored the second goal because Chris he was walking around with the remnants of a broken stick there.
I mean that can happen anybody understand.
But it's just that poor Chris he just can't do anything right.
When he broke it and dropped it took him turn to a brother off and listen this guy play with a stick.
Like we're in trouble right now and yeah.
Yeah.
About a thing exactly about a thing that's right.
Well at least that we have no more pressure anyway.
Pressures that's right why bring Barry back there.
Yeah he'll be you know when he's good and ready he'll come back.
Have a great day sir.
Very well you got bless you okay right.
Very Whitney feeds cause of a perfect passes the two on one.
You can smell a goal is coming.
Victor with a shot.
It's 10 feet wide.
But the organization we got the youngsters in the organization and they are right.
Too much BS from VM that's what I say.
Twenty before eleven at five sixty WQ I am.
Hey pizza lock is there got something great coming up we got the pace off coming what when.
When did you tell me this Sunday?
The 31st Wednesday that sunset.
Well it's pretty close where I get in close to it.
So I wouldn't be surprised not too many more days go by the Jeff Cohen's going to be coming over here with some of that great
moths of pizza and moths of lasagna which he invented last year and you don't have to worry.
It's the kosher for pace off.
It's on eleven baby and that's the way to go.
It's good stuff to it take even better.
Amazingly enough you go to the pizza lock you say hey I'm Jewish you'll say oh good.
And here's some of the good stuff you'll love it.
And even if you're not Jewish even the Graham can go in there now or anytime you like.
And enjoy all the great Italian goodies the real award winning lasagna.
Sixteen WQ A.M.
Just do it Brad boys.
Never made it no harm.
They thought you never saw because they're each other's call and they're working their balls.
Russian there comes.
Cause they ain't got no teeth.
Most days are mountain there mama because they can't catch a sea.
Yes.
They're getting laid.
They're going to hell.
That's just a little more fun than going to heaven from cows.
Just do me a grand boys.
Wouldn't change if they could.
Screwing with Darwin because there came folkism wood.
That's 45 at 5.50 WQ A.M.
Marlins and the Cardinals at 12.50 in the P.M.
We only got another what a couple hours here we're out of here.
Wow any interest net ball game?
No.
Any interest at all?
No.
In the Marlins and the Cardinals.
No.
In the Orioles and Cuba.
No.
I'm sorry I brought that up.
Yeah that'll be on ESPN but the electric knot okay.
Too bad.
Grow up.
Get with the program.
Stop with a tired old crap or we're real tired of it.
And by the way nice job and close of all baby.
I'm in the stone ages what I say that my little son of a bitch.
He's Hitler junior.
He's Hitler white is what he is.
You know speaking of that Bud Light spot.
I must have seen that 15 times last night after the hockey game.
The greatest TV spot in history paper or plastic.
Did you see you've seen that the best.
Hey guys need a receipt?
Still short.
She's great.
The bag boys great.
I mean it's just fantastic.
Makes you want to go right in and take a good and be thankful.
You got all that toilet paper.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah we just talked to the wager we had disconnected.
How you doing?
WQAM.
Same old thing.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How are you?
Great.
Turn that radio off sir.
Oh no how are you?
Great.
I wasn't expecting you to answer.
You ought to see.
This is the idea.
Get these people to lock out.
They're like that Jackass Andy and Hollywood.
That's called 17 times already.
Right.
I'm Neil Hudson.
Where do you think is the uh...
Chances?
What do I think are the chances of what?
Hello.
What do I think are the chances of what?
Connection here.
What do I think are the chances of what sir?
Forget about it.
No.
Oh.
See what I'm saying?
Don't look at me.
I'm doing great.
There's something in the air baby.
Even ThunderClaft Newman.
Even Alfred Emanueelman is chocolate about it.
You know what I'm saying?
WQAM.
Neil, get off the air you check on.
WQAM.
QAM.
Hello.
Good morning Neil.
Yes ma'am.
I just turned...
I love your show.
I turned in...
You turned in other show?
Harden.
I love you.
Can you...
Wait a minute.
Can you hear me?
Yes.
Because the other guy just acted like he couldn't hear me.
What seems to be the problem here?
Oh, I can hear you great.
Then how come when I asked you a question you didn't respond?
You were listening to another show?
No, I have my radio off.
I said I listened to the end of...
I tuned in a little bit late and I heard the end of it.
And you mentioned that Henry Barrel and Chuck Meyer...
Are they coming to your station?
Yes.
Oh, what time?
6 to 10 am starting Monday.
Oh great.
I love Henry Barrel.
Yeah, what about Chuck Meyer?
Well, I...
Chuck is going to be in the anchor.
He's not...
He's not sold on a holiday through doing the news.
I'm working on P.W. Herman, forget him.
Yeah.
I remember him from...
Well, I really can't quite place him.
Who's that Henry Barrel?
Oh!
No, no, I know Henry.
I love...
Well, he's Chuck Meyer.
Yeah, right.
Well, I love Henry Barrel and I know he went off the other station
and I thought, what a loss.
Well, where did you hear about that?
Who told you he went off that other station?
Well, um...
Okay.
He went off on a Friday, which I listened to the...
Didn't hear the whole thing.
I didn't hear him say he was leaving.
But my husband listens to the Garden Show on Saturday.
Oh, he's the one, yeah.
And he mentioned it.
He said he retired from radio.
And I thought, oh, God.
So I took...
I'm petty wanting the day he left IODs the day that he retired from radio.
He didn't realize it, but that was...
Right.
So then I called Mundi his day...
Too much flash he built up Henry.
I called...
I called his station Monday and they didn't know he won't be here.
Well, the good news is for you.
Let's call him Monday.
What's today's this Monday?
Whatever it is, the...
29th.
29th.
Great.
6 to 10 a.m.
Chuck Meyer, Henry Barrel, Ron Harrison, Roger Magglin.
The entertainment report.
Paul and Harrison?
Right.
I loved him.
There you go.
Well, now you got something to look forward to, sweetheart.
Right, 6 to 10.
Yeah, I can't get.
I know Mike Rineri's up to the ground.
No, I can't get him.
He's up there at...
I know.
I need him a big time.
I'm a JNA station.
But I get it.
Della Reese records.
One from the law.
Well, you can't listen to both shows at the same time, sweetheart.
Oh.
Now you got the good news.
I'm giving you a good news.
Ron Harrison, I'll...
Rex Harrison, right?
What?
T.
George Harrison?
Love you, Neil.
Okay, Mike.
Good Lord, have a great day.
Okay, geez.
I'm trying to give that lady some good news.
It's like she's in disbelief for crying out loud.
We all know Ron Harrison.
Hey, that's a good-looking guy.
Christ.
WQIM.
Hello.
It's Christ.
WQIM.
There's one right there.
There's one right there.
WQIM.
Hello.
Hello.
Speaking.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, I wanted to say a new phone, sir.
Get a phone that works.
I can't do that to the audience.
I'd rather talk to Bozos than some guy with a bad phone.
I'd rather talk about Chuck Meyer and Henry Beard.
Oh!
Okay.
Then somebody with a phone like that.
Get a real phone.
Take the 10 cans of the string.
Toss him out the window.
Just toss him.
Come on.
I want to hear about your teachers about the bull-bike teachers.
Not by name, of course.
I want to hear all the old teachers.
Now, how about you?
Were your teachers miss the old ladies?
Most of them, yes.
Yeah, old maid.
Isn't that what we all heard?
Old schoolmarms.
Old schoolmarms.
Yeah, they were old dikes is what they were.
We never realized that.
So there's another.
That should have been to top of the list right next to the priest in the nuns.
Who are also teachers, by the way.
I don't mind telling you what they teach, but I think you have a good idea.
WQIM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, everybody.
Okay.
I'll get a better phone.
WQIM.
Hello.
Is this the lightning round?
Right back to bird.
No, yeah.
We're going to give you the bird.
There you go, pal.
Hop on it.
WQIM.
Hello.
QIM.
WQIM.
Neil.
See, we have to go through 100 to get a good one, but at least we get some.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Three things.
Number one.
I'm going to fill out a great lunch.
Get ready to get out of here at 1250 for a big ball game.
Great.
Still laugh at the lady that you just told her that, and Barrel's just coming back on QAM.
Well, you don't believe that?
I believe anything you tell me, sir.
Henry Barrel, you remember Chuck Meyer?
Before my time.
For my OD?
Before my time, sir.
Unfortunately.
Oh, my God.
I have just tasted your snack.
Get out of here, Henry.
It's not time yet.
Before my time.
Joe Kostello's going to be doing the fishing report, son.
That's Joe too, by the way.
He just stuck his head in the door to tell us.
He's going to be doing the auto racing show Saturday morning, 6 to 7, and the fishing reports
on a morning show with Henry and Chuck.
I forgot more about auto races than Joe Kostello ever know.
Now, he just said that the bird is coming back, and he just gave it to you is what he did.
Don't forget, Joe Kostello, 6 to 7 this Saturday morning, going around and around and around.
Oh, God, I forgot about that Jack Gordon song, by the way.
That would have been good.
We'll get it on today.
What if it had been good yesterday?
Joe wants to know if he can play that on his show.
Play what?
The Jeff Gordon song?
Sure.
You can play whatever you want.
You're part of your family here.
That's why the rest of the guys hate your luck, boys.
By the way, he's going back home because Greg gave him mono.
No, sir, why are you still sick?
How do you like that?
What did I tell you?
And the problem with Greg Reed is you tell him anything, and he looks at you like,
like, everything's a joke.
He doesn't take anything seriously.
Maybe he just doesn't have the intellect to take anything seriously.
It doesn't think in that spot he keeps searching for in the top of his head,
but he keeps scratching where the brain used to be.
He keeps scratching and searching.
And you know, the old saying where there's no sense, there's no feeling?
Don't take it personally, Greg.
It's not that we don't like you.
It's just we don't want you spreading disease around here.
And I'm not making that up either.
I told a few people that the boss has got, because they say, is he really got mono?
And I said, yeah.
And he's coming in there, expressing all the most highly infectious diseases,
and I'm like, how am I spitting out my meatballs all over just talking about it?
I'm spitting it, and the meatballs too.
Go home, Greg.
Get some rest.
We can get along here without you're for a few hours, you know.
We can somehow scrape our way by.
In fact, go out there and have a meeting with Wayne.
Give him the mono.
He deserves it.
Not a good guy like Joe Castello.
We think he's a good guy.
Of course, the other guy.
And you know, the interesting part about it, some of the egos on this radio station.
Some people get really uptight and upset about silly things.
And you know, like the day I came out of here and I said, Lawrence Taylor was a running back.
Okay, I make as many mistakes.
What do I know?
I don't watch the stupid giants play.
To me, he's just another gangster.
I don't know what another drug addict.
So, you know, we all make mistakes.
But these people that get all uptight about these silly things for crying out loud.
What's wrong with you guys?
What is wrong?
What is the matter with you?
When are you going to grow up and get a life?
And get with the important stuff.
If we ever figure out what that is.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You think you can't go up against G.
You think he'd been...
No, I don't.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Now, we used to have a physics teacher.
You remember when they used to like paddle back in school?
Yes.
Well, they used to teach the fine whenever we were paddling their rectum.
Now, whenever we were bad, we'd have to get paddled.
But we'd have to get paddled very fast.
And about five years after I left high school, it was in the paper.
So, you got, you got a cam for doing something.
I think it was inappropriate with the student or something.
How do you like that?
Yeah, but yeah.
Like I said, do you hear that?
Do you hear that exchange?
I said something like S&M Hyde.
I mean, he used to need the name of a school, sir.
It was just an observation.
Oh, there's Jack Kavorkian, by the way.
Levering his closing arguments, they're all saying, hey, Jolte,
you're going to the electric chair or something like that.
He don't carry the old guy.
He's helped a lot of people off themselves.
I say, let's hear it for Dr. Jolte.
Kind of a country is where you can't blow your own brains out.
Where you can't use end to misery and the suffering.
Huh?
That's what we're doing with the morning show.
We're ending the misery and the suffering.
I wonder, Deepo is running around the hall with the baseball bat.
He's just waiting for Henry Barrett to show up again.
Monday morning, sweetheart.
I wonder if they're going to let the guy say goodbye out tomorrow morning.
Oh, I got a call.
Where's the line?
Where's the line?
I got up this morning.
It was 3 a.m.
I was sleepy as to be.
I was searching for that bathroom light, because I really got a pee.
Call it being lazy.
I got to go so bad I can't think.
Man would I be introuble if she caught me pee-ing and the thing?
Guys do it all the time a late night when we take a leak.
Squirt, Squirt?
It's just too much darn trouble to put down the toilet seat.
Oh, I've sit down but it's the water.
Man can I hear her whine?
Use all the toilet paper underwear on the floor.
Guys do it, yeah?
All the time.
Vero!
I'm sorry honey.
Take out your underwear.
You forgot to put down the toilet seat.
I'm sorry there.
I'll do it next time I promise.
I'm seeing too long over the pipe.
Water over the floor.
I love you there.
Take your mother's ear.
Take your mother's ear.
11-1-560 WQM.
By the way speaking of chocolate salty balls you'll be very pleased to know, at least George Will,
Academy Award winning singer, a songwriter, Isaac Kays, now the voice of Chef on the cartoon South Park,
and singer, songwriter Randy Newman, are among the latest entertainers lined up to take the stage at Sunfest.
Also announced on Wednesday were Kenny G, the B-52s, and Kobanismo.
Kobanismo, I think they left an eye on isn't it Kobanismo?
Is that Kobanismo?
That's some stupid radius, whatever.
The performers tap off a long list of our T-scheduled to entertain at Sunfest, the five-day music festival on Flagler Drive,
along the intercostal waterway in West Palm Beach, April 28th, May 2nd.
You'll be there, right?
See Isaac Kays?
He's a Scientologist.
Oh you won't be there for that.
He is?
Well I heard you say that.
That's a two, yeah.
Oh very impressive.
Goes to show you.
Yeah but why should you be concerned about that?
If you like the Tom Cruise movie, would you not like the movie because he's a Scientologist?
No I don't care.
You were big on Pulp Fiction.
I was?
No.
I like two scenes from that movie.
Yeah.
And then what about the May and A's on the Fry's in Amsterdam?
Do you know that they...
I mean come on.
Jesus.
Yeah, you know that's why a lot of people in this town like that movie because they've never been anywhere.
Except maybe Cuba.
WQAM, hello.
Hello Doc.
Yes.
How are you doing today Neil?
Great, never been better sir.
I finished a great lunch.
I'm getting out of here early.
Come on you know what I'm talking about.
What is it?
That's why I call it the logic complaint.
What complaint about what?
What's the point on Marlon Springtrain and baseball and let you go home when we need to tear here you until two o'clock.
I don't know.
Six o'clock.
Six o'clock as you know.
That's unbelievable.
The tough life.
And then you got to listen to the sports team with like five Brazilian commercials and there's no, you know, they...
You know what I mean?
You don't have to listen to it.
You're wrong about that.
Why do you say that?
You have to listen to it.
No you're right exactly.
I put it on the phone this morning sitting here observing between nine and 10 a.m.
A little bit more to your hour putting up with those 30 minutes of spots in our.
You know what I did Neil put it put some country on then I'd hit it back over about every ten minutes.
A commercial.
A commercial.
It's all they got.
It's all spots radio.
And then I heard...
I wonder who has to do with that is it either road screw in or...
Roll!
Or maybe the two of them decided that together when they were holding their meat together.
Somebody at your stations were really screwing up.
But Neil I wanted to talk to you about one thing.
Have you ever watched TLC the learning channel?
Yeah.
Have you ever seen trauma in the ER?
No.
That's an excellent show.
It's about live in the emergency room and you're talking about Jack of working.
Anyway this guy in Hawaii takes two kitchen knives about 12 inches long.
Stabs himself in the chest, one and then the other.
He pulls them both out and he's not dead yet so he sticks them both out.
Oh he buries them down to the handle and he's still alive.
Okay listen if you come by before 1230 we'll show you the Kunehaan in picture.
It's just like Sam the Sam our promotions man.
Seriously I mean I wasn't exaggerating people thought that was just making that up.
It looks exactly in fact Sam is walking around like a ghost because of the starling resemblance of a Kunehaan.
Okay that's a good looking guy.
Well even with the blood on his push is that what you're saying?
Uh huh.
WQAM hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Good afternoon.
Wait a minute.
Last week you were talking about old announcers in youth as well as an old trans planet Pittsburgher.
Did you ever find that well print stuff?
I played it yesterday.
Oh we.
One of the cards.
We missed it you know.
Oh come on.
Can we have a little bit now?
Yeah so I got this a little bit.
Keep it in the sky busy George.
Oh my god.
It's a different one than I had in the rich you haven't know what it is.
It's short but it's authentic anyway.
Thank you Neil.
Okay have a great day.
I played it yesterday just for this guy wasn't listening.
It's wrong with you man.
Score tied three three in the bottom of the 17th.
One ball and one strike.
Whom's into the wind up in the one one pitch?
Swine on.
17th to right field.
You can't kiss it goodbye.
Oh baby did he get that baby out of sight.
He created it.
Greatest broadcast through in the history of baseball Bob Prince.
The late to great he was the best.
I don't care what anybody else said.
Not a matter of opinion when.
Yeah it tells you that makes it fact.
Okay.
There was nobody like Bob Prince.
And never will be.
I mean he was no Bob Costa.
Thank God.
Little ass looking twerp.
By the way ever see you Bob Costa and Geldy together?
No.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hang up your head.
How you doing Neil?
Okay sir.
I was trying to get in yesterday.
There's a picture on yesterday's held sports in the top left hand corner on the front page.
Yeah.
You were talking about the gay.
Gods and stuff.
Yeah.
Well there's two basketball players on the ground and one of them's got his hand right where.
Right where the moon don't try.
On the other side.
Not there but on the other in the front.
In the front.
Yes.
In the general.
In the general area.
In the frontal area.
Oh my god.
Get that picture.
I tried to get in yesterday but I got.
What I tell you about all these sports, all these macho guys.
It's a great cover up but it's not fooling me anymore.
They were going to block too many times.
All this grab ass stuff.
Guys running around.
Grabbing each other around the waist.
Oh man.
They were having a few of them.
They were having a way.
Yeah well I don't want to be too personal.
There were two big parts.
Two big sparsers.
Yeah.
Each other's a f***ing thing.
Exactly.
In clothing.
Yes sir.
Mike.
You're a park deliverance.
Skinnered loving butt plugs.
I got.
I got.
Sweet home Alabama.
There you go.
Let's go over to Tampa.
Watch a hockey game.
At least those people over there know a team when they see one.
Of course they're not going any workers.
They don't have one but nevertheless.
It made some actually pretty good deals.
The lightning.
I don't want to talk about them.
It's boring.
Better than we did.
They got that keep Colin Forbes from Philadelphia.
Two goals this first game for lightning.
Good player.
There's a player.
Why don't anybody ask me about Mike Wilson last night.
Don't ask me please.
Okay.
Give him a chance.
I'm going to give him a rough night.
He'll be alright.
He's got too much crap in Buffalo.
Let's give him a week then we'll rip his ass.
Pretty weak Mike.
Somebody give him a compass in the road map.
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I got another great job for you.
Yes.
Man they're working ten salons and man they go to ten salons.
Yeah.
Well going to a ten in salons isn't a job unless you know you do it like every day.
And get paid for it.
Well they're men who work in ten in salons.
The one that they do is that like you are working in the bath house.
Yeah.
Like in a towel boy.
You're cleaning up after them.
Okay.
We'll say hi to your local ten in guy.
He obviously must know.
Huh?
Why does the Julio have to go to a ten in salons anyway.
Aren't most other than you of course since you're the one exception.
Yeah I'm the one.
What?
No sir.
The most Julios have like a pretty good darkened complexion.
Dependent where they're from.
Yeah.
How about Leavon?
He's got a real dark complexion.
He'd be black.
He'd be Cuban.
Black Cubans.
We have lots of them.
Is that hyphenated in a lot of slaves?
Is he African black Cuban?
Somebody had to cut the cake.
Is he African Cuban?
He's a Cuban African.
I'll tell you what that reporter from Channel 51 said about Leavon.
He's an asshole.
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
How are you?
I'm the guy who got the ticket yesterday.
Right in.
Yeah I'm calling him thank you.
Well sorry about the game but we can't you know we can't supply the win too you know.
Yeah I was looking for you I couldn't find you.
Wouldn't that find me with that maple leaf jacket on?
How could you not find me everybody else does?
I didn't know what section you said I.
101.
Seat what?
Right there on the top row right right by the stairs.
Oh I thought it was 107 little six.
Yeah well you didn't miss anything.
Yeah I know I was kind of depressed.
Well I'm glad you at least showed up anyway and have a great life now.
Oh by the way I want to say hi to my good buddy Wally Hennessey.
You know I'm talking to my friend Sean and this one and that one last night you know in between periods.
And the guy comes running down shakes my hand and you know and and before I just barely get a chance to turn around and see what was and he's running away.
Of course I know why you're running away Wally.
I haven't cast a ticket on you in about two years at Pompoot O Park.
My good buddy Wally Hennessey from Nova Scotia.
I want to tell you something and he's a good guy okay he really is.
In spite of some of those races he's a good guy.
But there's such a thing as a I'm not talking French Canadian because a lot of you people are really dumb and you don't know the difference between a frog and the English speaking Canadians which thank God are a different breed.
But if you wanted to have a picture of a definitive Canadian from Nova Scotia and the list from PE on Wally Hennessey.
How's it going A? I mean there is he is Canadian.
Say what you want about Wally and driving his horses at Pompoot O and everywhere else which he's been all over the world and done great.
But he is so Canadian.
Hey Wally how about a horse tonight huh?
How about just one winner all these years have been plunging my brains out losing my ass huh?
Just one winner at Pompoot O Park tonight Wally when you give me a winner.
I will not give it to you.
Well that's your took a long time.
By the way what happened to the excellent Wally?
Why are you airing shit like this?
Have you ever heard a popular rap song in the radio and thought?
Heck I could do that here or go.
You're probably right.
All it takes is a little ambition some karaoke-esque musical backup and 1995.
Yes I left a talent for a reason.
With a puff daddy rap along CD set you'll be hitting it just like some of the top rap stars of today.
Oh yeah.
A back and black.
Yeah.
With little to no musical talent and even the less creative fencing you'll be a chart buster in mere weeks.
Oh yeah.
It's the time of your life.
Yeah.
The puff daddy rap along CD set even comes with a handy booklet that shows you how to get older rock stars to help you with your projects.
Oh yeah.
I've got to get it.
Yeah.
The puff daddy rap along CD set just 1995 is just about all it takes.
Okay.
It's 11.15 is 5.
Boy that sure was abrupt.
When that 5.60 WDQM hanged on after the ball game from Shulas.
Which end about 4 o'clock?
Okay.
That's when you can tune back in.
I mean.
Like we used to see on SUN remember check back with us a later.
Well what kind of rejoins were those you know check back with us later for the Rick and such.
You'll check back with us later on for the sports bitch.
Yeah.
What was that?
That was no picking Tampa mentality radio check back with us later.
We know you're going to turn off now but check back what doesn't see if you like it later on.
Because we know you're going to turn it off at 12.50 am I right when the ball game comes on?
There is nobody who cares about the Marlins not anybody even John Henry ain't going to be listening WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, what happened here?
What is speaking?
Hey Neil.
Back in 1986.
I bought a condo and well bananas.
Yeah.
And it was all old people and has had their dying off gets who's moving in.
Yeah.
Well anyway.
What's the answer?
I'm not going to guess.
What are you saying sir?
They have little flags in the back of their car.
They have little one.
Little rainbow flags.
Queens?
Yes.
Fags?
Yes.
Monocones?
Yes.
Because if the property value is going up through cakes and the border right now is all old people.
Yeah.
One of them got on the ballot right?
Yeah.
And one of what one of the monocones?
Yes.
One of them got on the ballot and all the old people are in their very serious.
Oh.
And there are no old Queens.
Well no.
There are no commandos are all serious.
Anyway.
There's no one around.
No matter how we're in county and you'll find there's no old Queens.
There's no old trolls.
No.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Anyway.
So what do you think about the old people?
They're all going to everybody's apartment and spreading bad rumors about the guy saying that.
Yeah.
Well, good.
I love the old people.
They're all moving out.
Let the Queens move in.
They'll illustrate up the neighborhood.
Okay.
One thing about us.
Fags.
The neighborhood is always nice and clean and lovely.
I mean, really lovely.
As opposed to when certain other elements move in.
WQAM.
Hello.
A.M.
Yes sir.
Can you say coma inducing last night?
No.
I might as everybody said that.
I didn't think it was that bad of a game.
You don't?
No.
We all felt fleeing.
Everybody said that.
That was just a horrible game.
I don't see why you say that.
I mean, maybe because I've seen so many of them, they really were horrible.
At least, and by the way, I tell you this kid Dan Boyle, let's go to the gold of the Fedsman.
This kid is great.
He can skate like the wind.
He's good all the way around.
I like that kid.
Whitney still putting on the move.
Whitney is good.
But of course, when you put it right there for Coslo, they shoot to 10 feet wide.
I mean, what are you going to do on from a little ray?
He's trying.
He and Melon, but you cannot Melon be for being slow, which he is.
At least he gives you a 200% effort there, you know?
There was one problem.
I like that.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
Robbie.
wy we weren't there!
Robbie.
ози.
Robbie, why don't we take this short short!
You know, there's always tape tapes coming in when I'm told.
Ooo.
Mmmm.
Song
Robbie.
here for that ball game you know that a bitch yeah i'm just get i'm just
getting warmed up now i had my lunch and just starting to get to feel a hang of
this thing today and we got to get out here for a stupid god damn ballgame
yeah angel and davel brine and and that fat boogster
jesus christ yeah right yeah i think i've ever seen boogshambi
i see him yeah no i just hear from you guys he he had a fact that the apartment
complex that this guy was just talking about wilton manners the apartment
complex is not as big as boogshambi here in teens yeah i think somebody
should give Chris well for twenty three to do yeah that good idea yeah all right
thanks on it how about how about a uh... some uh... some lonely sandwich in a
bus ticket i mean don't take it personal christia and i sky like robby robby's a nice
kid we just want to see him anymore that's all don't come back don't take it
personal we don't mind you getting a lot of action or a lot of jealous guys
out there they like to do niki taylor too that's great but the fact is you can't
play the game you're sticking it in the wrong place we'd heart
that's what we keep reading no robby's a stick and let's create a happy for me i
don't be grudge anybody getting their rocks off okay but when we go to the hockey
game were the ones that are supposed to get our rocks off you're supposed to be
sticking in the net court squad in uh... whatever christ
he is just so lackluster and so lost that he just uh... around and around you
victor would os big looping uh...
do something victor shoot it already don't make a move he waits he's tentative
he's always been this way with this way with san Jose he's this way with us i
mean there's either so much calendar but he's like so many of those Russian players
they're not physical they don't use their side to their event just like that kid
that i love on the Pittsburgh penguins what the name marozov i mean it's got this
can could be a superstar but he's not physical he's big strong he's young he's got
uh... just unbelievable talent he'll never be a great player because he's one
of those Russian players who's not physical like victor the giant coslok
great skater he'll be on that show you'll be watching that with all those
figure skaters and you really say you're going to be watching that i'm embarrassed
and that was going to be watching you said you might be
i said i watch it every once in a while mostly the women know
because it was all stop stop stop stop stop what what like time
like what are you going to do it hard on who time your hard on yeah okay
what okay what you got a big ass so okay there's all the things you're just
if you got a big ass all fat boy just came in the door let me tell you the
real fat boy just a stuck in the middle got a big ass
oh just use it quick farting in everybody's face fat boy stop doing it we don't
know for the building from what i understand really he just walks down the hall
doing the uh... you know whatever you get
he can't walk that's the Jeff high shuffle
we don't like it Jeff wqa am hello
hello there yes sir hey how you doing great
hey how can you support them even out there trying to go to you just live here
and steal what ain't there but that was that mean they're slaughtering
they're butchering people like cattle what do you talk about what i get out of here
you scumbag go read a god damn history send this guy to much adonia
okay i got some pizons over there they'll take care of your ass
they'll stick your ass right in the aid reedic they'll make you offer your
can't refuse okay i know the right people over there man
decedelia wqa am hello
yes man
yes i am a lady doing great oh my god
oh ladies never get through on this stuff
well there you go i just persevered excellent
market's up 130 points by the way
oh god well there you go i didn't catch all of your show yet today
but someone must have mentioned mail hell's hair dresses
oh of course okay the other thing is i want to thank you for the moment of nostalgia
i didn't hear it yesterday but a hearing Bob Prince today
the best i go back farther i go back to rosy rosewell
open a window at mini here it comes
here you go it's the old digital right okay love your show
thanks bye bye see those are the days when sportscasters weren't just these
plastic voices like today you know all sound the same the ballpark all look the same
the new hockey and basketball arena they all look the same all prefabricated
no character no pizzazz no personality
those days you had your early harwell and harry carry in male allen and bob
prince and i mean the list went on and on and on great broadcasters they were
artistic linguist they were great cut a linguist not these guys that it is dumb ex
jox
i don't you know i don't want to mention no names okay
but there are so many in articulate ex jox
just smarming up the goddamn airways all over the place i like the we we yeah right
just just loaded i mean you know the fact that you played the game and this is the
problem is the sports fans the so-called fans they're more on
you want somebody to contain a verbal picture even when you're watching a game on
television i don't want to watch like those ranger games with sam rosy and jd
that that that that that that that that described the game okay anyone to hear
about you know your nose and about jd ego and about how what you had for dinner
night i want to hear somebody describe the game so if i get up and i walk in the
kitchen eat us a lot of sandwich i still know what's going on
somebody who really verbally paints a picture of them of the broadcast as opposed
to somebody who's sitting there picking their nose like Christina moron
which i wouldn't even put him in the same category with the i can't think of
anybody i put in that category i mean rimmer certainly agrees with that doesn't
mean uh-huh wqa m hello singapakulo okay back home see what i'm saying that's that's
what they got on their mind 24 hours a day s s s s la penga la penga and that's
it marco on him you know it's very simple it's very basic if that complicated doesn't
require higher education huh best and a cool that's a cool up that the mela penga
that that's it that's all there is there ain't no more wqa m hello what's rimmer
one on the bat line there now qa m yes about the randy moor randy's a good guy don't knock
randy moor when his hair is all falling out i'd experience with last night he was doing his little
you had an experience with randy last night yep yeah he was doing it because i was talking to a
guilty about randy this morning and guilty said hey that's a good looking guy yeah well that may be true
or not i don't know but he's doing it for randy not since the hurl fell out he was doing his little
pregame pieces and uh-huh it's up 46 right behind why i was sitting yeah what to ask him a
question you know not while he was on the air he's plenty of time in between right and he looked at me
like you know who the hell are you like i got i know these things yeah i mean he's just he's got a major
attitude hey listen to the story there's two minutes don't know and i yelled hello to him in the hall
where you got going in the arena yesterday he was walking up to the booth and he turns around
and say hello you he's got ego man how does he get out the arena door with that head of his well that's why that's why the
hair is falling out by the clumps well randy moor you're a douchebag okay i like randy randy is a good guy
i got hello you exactly that by the way was one of the great the episodes of all time let's hear it for
Rick and suds by the way you know listening to that show come on yes you are oh i can't wait for monday
well Henry Burrell who else chuck Meyer all our good friends Roger Magglin your good buddy he's going to be
working till to by the way George and directs Harrison on the sports that lady she was just a goosey she was so excited
hello what was the lady that what what is that thing oh yeah that lady to call from Phoenix yesterday i bet
she was a fat slut 27 after 11 at 5 60 wd q m b b bremani is twelve dollar for one year offer has been
extended for the fourth week kudos to Albertiko he stuck it out for a fourth week in a row he's the owner of b b bremani
he's the right to pop it a man and stretch the one week off for a little full month that's right
it puts the lotion in the basket it makes it all up it puts a lotion in the basket it puts them both together
it puts a lotion in the basket when the eyeball falls out it puts the lotion in the basket then it has to lose it out
it puts the lotion in the basket it's what I have to get it puts the lotion in the basket
it to rub it on my brunni puts the lotion in the basket I have to try to clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket
I said oh well I switch my TV my legs I say oh yeah I like to dance around this way
it's all the love is quite a good idea I said mommy I want to look more like a wolf or my name is Poppanoville
it puts the lotion in the basket it makes it more my skin it puts the lotion in the basket I hold my pp it it puts the lotion in the basket
how much does it grow it puts the lotion in the basket I got my skin so people are like
I'm sorry
number 33 and 560, the only two of our show yesterday by the way the whole purpose that you inspired that one guy that called talking over his stock yesterday to the end of the show
the purpose was to point out that there's all kind of people out there okay and as long as they're doing the DNA show just mind your own business
that's the purpose of the show to point out to you that there's all different kinds of people everywhere even if you're living in a wetland manner
especially if you're living in a wetland manner from what I hear 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
we're talking about old made school teachers today and we're doing screenless so I just mention that because they don't get it
WQ I am hello yes I like to speak in deal yes sir how you doing okay good I had two gate tickets for you two one things I've known a few two gate picks yes those male cheerleaders
right we got it okay got that for a lot yes what about our female bodybuilders right you got that too lady mud wrestlers yes roller-dirty ladies that's good lady truck drivers
female truck female forklift operators females in the military okay about 80% okay and have a great day 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line WQ I am hello
yes sir Neil yes I am yeah high Neil yes yeah everything between 9 and 11 turn into the dawn show would show on 15 80 am every day between 9 and 11 what a show dawn show was
oh my god that was great now that was great because anybody that would hear that voice I'd rather hear guilty you know getting his teeth fixed on here than hear that
what a show the dawn show is you know who jack mark probably put him up to that you know Nick will leave radio station what a what a he's an asshole yeah what is
sure between a always glad to give a guy a free plug okay even that's all like you even a loser with a 40 bad voice like you even joy Reynolds even the competition
agrees the Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach forkluttered ale in the bomb beaches is the best morning show in South Florida
I don't get the nine sure on an a a station of the hero in my book you like same time with the quiet it's got no problem with me even the other morning shows
listen to the Neil Rogers show on data for me in the rings better than I have oh there was a little bird cackle beginning right
there and luckily for you it didn't make it is he going to make it WQ I am hello hello Neil yes sir I got two categories for that gazing
we're still on that huh we're still okay it's an extension of yesterday Corona extension yes softball players is the first softball others lots and lots and lots of gay softball teams like you
not believe just ask my good friend Norm can't he'll give you the whole act in a hurry and the second one is beauty supply sales persons really absolutely beauty supplies right okay thanks hey yeah can I call someone to do you back go ahead Miguel Pete and Henry are all
doing you don't call Henry bear oh a douchebag just before he starts and that morning show on Monday here on five sixty Q a.m. Chuck Meyer are you following this now Chuck Meyer Henry Barrow
Ron Rex Harrison and Roger Magneton with that the world famous entertainment report how come we never read anything about Henry Barrow's
retirement I mean maybe he was on a for no not maybe he was on a very marginal station on a non-existent station with
non-existent ratings as we discovered their thanks to Mark Vincent getting me to take a look at that but nevertheless I mean he
got been on the year in this market for what 80 years wouldn't you think that somebody like Tom jicke see Tom you're slipping baby you're
slipping that Stephanie loud as her whoever supposed to be right and Terry jackass you guys that are supposed to be if
this was like a real market with real newspapers which it's not so much stuff is going down and you know all the only place they
can fight out about the stuff is on this show because all of these things are happening and nobody's writing about them
because Tom jicke you know he's too important for that he's been there with a satellite dish story which is hidden
in the business section which nobody reads poor Tom you know he used to he used to have some clue is to what was going on you
know in the market coolest 22 before noon boy we're moving in a ballgame time I'm sorry I apologize
profusely but the time is just racing along little over an hour from now it'll be baseball time huh
will there be anybody listening no I heard the hopper the other day talking about the fact that when you follow Marlon's
baseball it ain't exactly like following is what he was saying at least we leave a big audience there for
Hank the two on you know the Marlon T comes in here for a clock or whatever time to ball game and like starting from scratch
like talking into an inner tube I mean just forget it I'm the next where in the world is Carmen
San Diego the kids track down the elusive San Diego to a hero in Saudi Arabia where she has been selling
teenage girls to a fountain as sex slaves play along as they follow the erotic clues to Carmen's whereabouts
we may be public broadcasting but we know sweeps when we see it exactly let me 43 at 5 60 WQM I don't even have the chair
my ass don't even have this chair warmed up yet and we're going to have to begin out here just a little over an hour from now
what a bitch WQAM hello QAM yes Hollywood speaking yes you're out show going to Hollywood hello
hey Neil what's up how you doing sir and all these deep boys cubus complaining about the
uh...
baseball game I want this appropriate opportunity not going to know you know like load up a baseball the
hand grenade I don't know don't let it out that's what they're going to do I mean that's
ridiculous why don't you just go back and take the country and they found that baseball that Bobby Kennedy left on the desk you know
and they're going to what nail his ass with it
that's why I'm gonna stick that baseball right in for the L's back to them
there you go by line drive right in there there you go okay
thank you for digging up Joe D for one more head come on Joe one for the Gipper
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
WQAM hello I know how are you okay sir
I was talking about good announcers the day after there's a guy in Pittsburgh is pretty good with the hockey
pretty good I mean he's up there with pretty good announcers isn't he Mike Lang yes sir
one of the all-time best when he's pretty good pretty good
he's not pretty good he's great you think he's better Doc Amorick then Doc Amorick are you
comparison Mike Amorick with Mike Lang of course he's better than Doc Amorick are you kidding me
sir no nothing are you serious when you say that I was no comparison no contest
thank you Mike Lang is gone okay no Joe Bowen but he's great you know Rick
and generate five say by the way you guys watching an empire that fan thing on your small dish no
there is the good stuff I mean they cover all this stuff like a blanket you get some real information
there unlike the crap that we get on our networks here oh oh boy what a joke
and Buffalo is hardly what you call your major market you know anybody see their basketball team lately no
or their majorly baseball team no of course not because they don't have one a million people
Metro Buffalo it's hardly but nevertheless they do a great job on there really give you some good
information they get good calls from people that really know what sports is all about
and then you turn on this station during the sports shows and you're you think Leibon can
win 60 games this year yeah that's what we got a very young Florida Gator team click
WQAM hello hello yes sir I just hold them for Neil speaking hey Neil how are you great listen I've
just had a question of Bill Drake from out loud remember that clip yeah I was just wondering if you
could play that out loud clip do we have that's the one there you go how do you like that for
servers how excellent and George said you welcome thank you okay well where did that come from
that's the thing there in here yeah how loud how under owl how do you spell that oh W
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh god all our shows pretty much got off of there now they
give us the double-wammy that Barry Diller what a huh what an experience that was that was a real learning
experience it was like don't ever do it again but we took the money thank you five six seven
oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line WQAM hello up a smiley you know WQAM oh boy WQAM hello
hey just a new Roger shall speaking can we start the lightning round again WQAM hello how you doing sir I
got some jobs for you yeah I told you pharmaceutical representatives that are no male detail men yeah
they're like catering and like all sorts of things okay so in other words if you're in the catering for
all of these things then you're probably gay too is what he's trying to say for all of these things
okay we'll check that out we're gonna start watching now we're gonna be doing a survey to make sure
because up until now these people were all deeply closeted like hairdresser's right like waiters is there a
soup on your fly WQAM hello George let me speak to you speaking all right Neil at truck drivers
to your list I already got it sir thank you I don't like the way you said that George let me
speak I don't like the way you said that you know like pushy pushy from New York get it all day
and put I don't like that you like say hey because he thought it was you is hey George how
you doing I'm gonna call from you know somewhere let me talk you know nothing that anything
that like right away and he got on right away don't be you know what's wrong with you sir if you
don't like it here there's still planes going to New York there's still buses cop on the metro rail
they might take you up you know as far as you can go and that's old truck driver we got truck drivers
guy and of course there are no game male truck drivers they're just lonely guys see and that's
the right there deep bunks you were old theory I've tried to take this for years you will not listen
they're not straight it's that's scaling and they're lonely you know to understand how about how
right I'll give you one better net who's that with his head in the doorway Carlos what's that what
kind of a schmata is that you got on your head for Christ Jesus Christ what is that yeah Carlos
what do you have to get you know he's just checking on the spot one of your preview recorded
lies that they have to plan the game they're still doing that there's still running
I would be a top live spot in ball games for people at both the near Rogers show and they're
doing the bait and switch and running their spots and exhibition Marlon games that nobody's listening
to they're doing that huh oh my god so anyway getting back to the truck drivers how about I'll
give you a better one than that guys in prison right bags the lot of them oh they're all
bags and they're all back okay here you go George Rodriguez says all those guys in there doing
each other doing an SD they're all bags right oh every last one of great guys don't commit crimes
only cry how's that go WQAM hello QAM WQAM hello yes sir just a quick question you're always
complaining about me never complain never complain sir okay your mother taught me that you're
discussing the problems with your equipment and your phones yeah that's right even today
Georgia's phone doesn't work with a crap in there that's right exactly my question is to you
you send a hangout to Las Vegas I don't send hangout anywhere okay okay hangout hangout the radio
let me show you okay the radio station sends him all over the place right over the place right now
that cost tons of money to set up equipment to send people out of flight that's right right that's
right oh yeah why don't they just I mean you're the number one person on that show because
we're gonna serve I'll give you the answer there is no sir let me get a new phone I answer the
question out here because you're rooting you keep interrupting me because there is no commitment to
this show I've said I say and you said I'm always complaining because of that fact when we're
downstairs on the second floor there was no commitment now they're up here with all the rest there's
still no commitment and I asked Georgia this morning about the thing with the phone lines about
with his broken phone and oh well it's on a ticket with the phone company there's another
words on the list of them to do things someday if they get around to a real radio station don't
sit back for that because this has to do with our livelihood this has to be a priority real
program directors and real engineers and real management people don't take that for an answer
from southern bell or anybody else they say we you need to be in here now because this is
impeding our ability to do business and believe me with the right kind of imply threats they show
up in a hurry which we've discovered but that doesn't happen here because there's no commitment to
excellence there's no commitment I don't know I have no idea what that's all about I was thinking
about that the other day Hank was mentioning that he you know he's going today he's at yours which
is finally gonna you know that doesn't cost the same thing over there maybe we make money I don't
we make bread on that but now he's going over to the final four in Tampa tomorrow for the next four
days the next Friday and Monday and yes that does cost money there's expense and I don't
be grudge Hank anything I mean all the you know strippers he can get in mom's penis whatever you
know what he's gonna all the meals at Bernstake House more power to him no problem with that
but if you're gonna if you're gonna lay out that kind of bread to do these things then how come
why not make a commitment like when they didn't have a phone in the studio in there for the end
that's just for us for the whole sports station they didn't have a goddamn telephone in the
studio to communicate with the outside world and with each other didn't have a dump
button for the honor talent in the in the talk studio for the sports there shows I mean there's
what didn't all of these things like I said still don't
isn't that pathetic and that's why I go on here and do these things because you'll notice
after a while after I scream loud enough and even with them there's an embarrassment factor I know
that comes in the shock but even with them eventually duck its desk I don't have to pay for it
eventually they get their small dish I don't have to pay for it but when I threaten the pay for
stuff it's like putting a big spotlight on how cheat Greg Reed and the beesleaves are and how
niggerly they try to run this operation giving us nothing to work with okay guys make magic make
us a lot of money here you go like you wind up a dollar and you know turn it loose
seriously that's their concept of doing these shows is like winding up an alarm clock and letting
it light like you know winding up that thing with the those little things that those guys made for us
you know I like the walking penis the walking penis so guys right just wind them up and let them
us through their brains out and we're the ones that gain the screwing that's the bad part and
we even feel good because we got a real real real cheat skate run in this joint and you know
hey I don't know if he is a cheat skate I really don't know all right what I think he is is
basically a figurehead a wannabe like I said before not a bad guy but a wannabe the cheat skates are
the beesleaves over their naples and then you know when some of that's why the day that Hank was on
their suck and their ass it just made me nauseous I don't care how many concerts they watch together
I don't care what nice guys they were or what pace the old Austin versus they were wearing in a
guy named skybox I'm sorry these are not business people these are these are fraud from the business
people from hell pay their bills whatever they get around you get your bonus check by the way George
did I get my money for the panthers to put my down payment on the playoff tickets I get that
this down this check no employee the month uh check did you get it no say it again no
this is the way they do things and that's why I go on here and scream like Vladimir because I'm
not going to be just a suckling like most of these other whims that work in his place and like I
said if I had some support around here instead of a bunch of people I want to suck ass and suck
ass you know the deal is they pay you you know if they pay a lot of money it's one of because they
agree to it in the contract not because they want to because they had a pay of that amount
in order to get you to work here to bring in all the money that makes them a profit I'd like
to ball games that they're losing their ass on like the one that's going to be on there unless
then an hour that they're losing their ass on which is why they're in court with that big thing
going on with Wayne and this one that's why all that's going on want to buy any Marlon's spot no
no WQAM hello speaking sir this is Mr. Rogers I enjoy your show very much yes sir thank you
I have two more for you did you want cheese what is it I have two more for you okay the joint
cheese and the murmurs and then okay do you say the Hummer the Hummers okay where we go next
I guess anyone we want WQAM hello George yes hey what's going on how you doing
what's the new okay where you're from I'm calling from a mobile and Fort Lauderdale okay let's go
to a mobile and Fort Lauderdale hello Mr. Rogers yes morning how you doing first I wanted to say
baseball really sucks yeah just go rules and the ultimate gay job or use car sales them because they
like to get you in the ass all right okay what are you saying back to something like that
oh they're beautiful aren't they are they beautiful or what yes they are
12 what is it 12 55 Chris relate to the ball oh it's only 11 55 come down we don't want to be
late for that ballgame do we don't want to step on the toes and join I like Joe Angel and
they will Brian all our Joe Frustre it's me he knows it I keep saying that in hopes that one
day he'll stop it at John Miller Rob rip off routine will he ever do that no he won't he loves me by
the way do angel loves this show ever since I said his kid was cute the one that's on saving
whatever that show is I don't even know which kid is his kid but I just said that to make him nervous
so his son is on like saved by the bell part 85 you know I wish I don't want to watch those
stupid shows because most of the kids are over anyway but I made some comment he thought I was
serious and then Dave all Brian's a good guy there's a really good guy Dave all Brian he's the
real star of Marlon's baseball and Luke Shombie who's good on the year when he's with the baseball
games that's got to stop that you know it's one thing for me eating on the year during a talk show
but eating on here during a baseball broadcast if you've ever heard the pic
you know I mean come on boo that's that disgusting you know I guess they're throwing a lot of
spitters when he's calling to play by play huh or maybe he's doing all the spinning did I say
four till new to five sixty WQM in fact how about lighting up a good cigar when you're done
there at the ball you know that's a good idea booge and no calories give you something oral do
you know fixate you during those hours when you're not sucking all the food down huh get you a
great cigar from their friends at Nick cigars in fact I was over talking to my good close personal
friend Richard Antony yesterday my one of my attorneys every year I have to go see him do my
corporate to work to give the state a few bucks and the Richard's a big cigar lover I say hey
how he handed me a mac anudo I said you know I'll smoke it only because you give it to me for free
and it's nice but I got a sponsor Nick's that's great to the best I said why not get you some
cigar in fact maybe we'll get Richard some cigar and we keep that tell John penis we want a box
of good mild cigars for Richard and my attorney and stop smoking so many by the way Richard I'd
like to keep around her under your three years anyway so how gay do you want to look today pretty gay
like slippy raving gay or just spin the gay no like a really gay great lean back how gay do you
want to look today comes at gay cuts and will give you the perfect hairdo to suit your alternative
style with a tarry being look thing or the two layer team around the back no matter how gay you are
gay cuts can fit your style and don't forget to ask about our new specialty cuts too from
back shaving to crack shaving gay cuts will do it all yeah Sebastian just hates my hairy ass
if you could do something about that we both do really just bend over and say
move for me gay cuts how gay do you want to look today how dare you
ed burliner come for radio i'm gonna see wky
let's hear for that ed burliner huh oh Jesus that's that's the classic that's an all-time don't
don't ever lose that notice all the comment we had about that see if we were working in a place
where like the people were involved where they were like a wearer you know everybody in their
brotherhood is said oh my god that ed burlinner thing was hysterical right and instead of that
they want to hear that stupid interview that hank did with real carc over and over again you know
everybody in a building oh you played that again please we want to hear that okay thank
don't like it we'll play it wkym hello yes sir yes i am speaking hey new all-rm great
and just had a really strong comment and uh new i just i don't know how you do it i mean every time
i turn on your show keeper calling you to find out you know from you well what is there to do
and so forth you mean like what what is there to do where when they go somewhere you know exactly
yeah there's a good McDonald's yeah exactly look at yeah what is there to do uh you know
i'm going to wrong can you recommend a good restaurant and roam uh i mean every time i listen to
an island can you recommend a good sex shop over there i mean let's just hear it you know just
walk around open up your eyes and uh sniff the pansies you know sniff the dandelion yeah but uh
that's always funny to hear when people just fastheels moron like that you gotta understand
sir you're dealing in a place where the people are extremely parochial in other words no matter
what it is they don't know from it so uh i'm i'm doing a great public service by at least
getting the amount of plane and going somewhere and making them make them realize there's a real
world out there somewhere in the same it you're right can i call somebody a douchebag yes sir
lose from cover cage your douchebag all right see you pal have a great life there you go there was a
call there was a good call short sweet he actually had something to say did his douchebag good let's
hear it for this guy i told you you go through six seven hundred calls you might get a couple that are okay
like that bitch from phoenix that fat cow how dare you five six seven oh five sixty and pound that
that was great hope she's listening on the audio you went at the end of the day by the way
special hide-a-wall our friends listening on the audio net and all the ships would see from coast to
low-candidate hockey fans in the united states and especially over all Canadian servicemen overseas
especially over there in kosovo right foster foster wake up already uh-huh
christ elis are falling like a rock herald baler and foster wake up before it's too late before we
hit rock bottom eight to five to the lowest scoring team in league santo ze lasso is an empty
minute or by the way oh my god what is happening to my leaves huh we'll be all right wq a m hello
hey how's it going okay sir i'm a couple weeks ago you're bringing out a cartoon out of the closet
yeah i got two for you do you recall well and who else
okay funny and elmrafat i know if you're if i do what if you use that already if someone calls
that up you know bugs bunny and elmrafat coming out of the closet yeah uh-huh uh-huh wq a m hello
hello
if i do what uh-huh you're better at it little louder sir
i don't have a little louder now the father john
wq a m hello hi let me get there
hi wq a m hello yes sir
just think it's for your list yeah i can't hear you sir speak up speak of that thing with a
hole in it yes just think and then try the phone after that yes if you have a gay guy and a
straight guy together this straight guy goes gay after the one joint or three traits uh-huh
okay also uh stop floor the weatherman
yeah we got that list so long list too by the way to be continued the tomorrow and monday
the weather for his boy we got a lot of him here in town except of course we're done
no and bob weaver and bob soper anybody else uh well we just don't we just don't
no love dot no by the way love bob weaver here's a great guy my good friend bob weaver what's
you on about three in the morning now and let me tell you again Tony cigaretteo and at
jennifer sloppy philope there got to be picked up in limousines to you know how come that was
a new story in both newspapers i still understood oh they broke ground in mirrored for the new w tv
j studio like that's like that's a story when we when we move q a m from Sheridan street from the
toilet when all the guys move over to this building we move from the second of the third floor
was that in the papers no is that a new story no no they haven't even built they just broke
ground for that thing so what's the big deal okay channel six used to be channel four used to be
great with that silly ass Tony cigaretteo on there who wants to be picked up in a limo and brought
to work in back we should arrange we know some limo people huh we should arrange for his ass to be
picked up in a limo i'll see him no more he'll be like paulie and the godfather i'll see him no more
oh yeah exterminator don't say that w q a m hello yeah i want to talk to you speaking sir
meal yes i want to apologize for marlin because golf is better than fat hank oh that was bad
that was so bad sir as a matter of fact if we didn't have the ballgame hank would probably
out of the golf tournament anyway you could have the best of both worlds what's your problem pal
don't be knocking hank okay it tells wrong with you is under a lot of stress and a lot of strain
i'm trying to get it back on the healthy road the recovery that the with that doctor book
doctor burnstein and with an olive oil on the feet and you've been to several places for spring
train come on cut it out w q a m hello meal yes sir
itchala kurem and lakanaastasi
aha i'm understand how lala has that too i'm back to you hey happy paysock by the way to all our
yiddelog out there and happy easter to all of our glam what what is it for easter it just easter eggs
and easter candies and anything else that i'm missing out thorny crowns what else what else
goes on in easter time as far as kurem fictions no i'm not talking about the i don't want to nail
life on i'm just talking about like culinary you know like like the good jewish holidays
that have to do with food and wine you know passed the wine back to matter shepherds baby
huh see that's where you go in your holidays suck they're boring always this you know very well
except the course when you get to christmas with the gifts you know ripped off that hana kristah
which came first by the way hana kora christmas that's our pool question who's copying who
who had the yarmulka first huh oh i rick my case not that freaking pope with that silly dress
and by the way even as bad i'll tell you one thing the haasitam you thought they were the worst
wrestlers in the world wrong but people in the Vatican make the haasitam look like like they work
for a jianny versace how's he doing by the way how's that the dove doing huh that was the problem
jianny he dropped the dove right there on the steps it's nine minutes after noon and and you know
like i said when that happened who cared you know i mean i mean it's bad anybody gets murdered
like that although he was well he was in the bad shape but it's bad i'm not saying that that was
good but why was that such a big sim is except for the artsy farty cry then or after the ocean
drive people the people on south beach did you ever hear did you know who he was
just a clothing designer right about we know george urmani but do we know where he lives no no
we know calvin cline well like i said put him on a list now what's wrong with those calvin
cline you see again i go back to that over and over again that that's the epitome of what's wrong
with this country and all the people in the media the goody two shoes phoenix they lie through their
oh yes those ads were disgusting was exploiting young children and like i said at the time a few
weeks ago they had little kids and underwear in a god damn series cataloged 50 years ago and nobody
got hysterical about that there's nothing sexual about little kids and underwear except for perverts
who are the one screaming the loudest that was wrong with those people christ om mighty
10 minutes past noon at 5 60 qm we're only 40 minutes away from marlin's baseball
oh god dang it
12 13 at 5 60 w q a m don't forget tune back in check back what is it for
tank will be here from my shoelace day two gotta give them all help you can get after marlin's
baseball will be off the air for about three hours or so 12 15 till four o'clock marlin's in the
cardinals where's that game by the way cardinals after i guess that's up in veera huh oh boy
w q a m hello i kneel how are you okay just driving by in boca the rascal house
boy what do you know another ambulance pulls up
boy they're dropping like flies over there
boy and another thing get rid of scaldy he's terminal okay thanks
oh boy poor gildy man they're picking on gildy today you know after they heard him say
hey that's a good looking guy that kind of like did it for him
w q a m hello hey normal like person what is it i said normal person the top to kneel normal
person all right here's the first one this week i don't i've been pretty good where's George
today George is opening mail in the other machine we see these he's popping he's popping wood in
the other room it's not through a hole though is it no all right well i won't worry about him then
but anyway i just got three things for Neil coming on coming on the uh this the
a career group yeah this is a mobile in that more lottery oh let's go to a mobile in four
lottery hello hello cool either or just popping it in the other room yeah right okay great
uh number one big up in the eels eight careers yeah uh computer uh help desk computer hump desk
help help desk computer health desk help us an atlp sir computer help desk yeah you're calling for
computer support okay okay i don't even know what that is but i'll figure it out okay all you
mean like your computer like uh like uh take your computer take all of your problem okay right got it
okay problem number two uh number two is a good catholic watch they have a bad catholic story uh
been married three times in the catholic church is that my girlfriend that she's living in uh
living without grace these are facts in the church you know she'd probably like to be living with
grace mark grace yeah mark or probably father grace well will grace yeah yeah and uh find
them up with three thousand dollars uh great great great three thousand dollars a marriage i can be
absolved from my sense oh yeah there you go yeah ours pretty good isn't just like Bob
Barker says the price is right go for it and good luck to you sir god bless you once you complain
about it's a business okay if you're gonna be in business you got to make the power of Christ
compel you the power of Christ to command you the power of Christ to command you
the power of Christ to command you oh the power of Christ to command you wow how's Reagan doing by the way
no i don't mean Ronald okay so by the way somebody did call in it what was the mother's name the
actress uh we before we did you write it down yeah it was weeks ago something Chris that no that's
good enough that was their first day and that was Linda Blair's mother out we know the actress okay which
I forgot already um Ellen uh berthin yeah we know that she's berthin all over right but uh we know
it was Ellen berthin we want to know the name of what the actress was she played it was uh Chris
what the last name is that important and uh it was Reagan Linda Blair was Reagan and I guess when
she sped her head around like that that's when she lost her memory too WQAM hello
hello yes sir speaking yeah i got two uh for your list this list is just but it's uh bulging all over
man and can everybody's been joining around this yeah interior designer yeah we got that one
and uh what about uh gourmet chef gourmet chef okay and I got a shameless request and you say that
bit with uh did you make it guys get the who we're at the moon man that bit is that a is that a bit
yeah you mean get the who we're at the moon man okay I never great-life so well that was easy
that was short quick and sweet five six seven oh five oh my god only 30 uh three minutes
you're so until baseball time oh wow oh man I feel this strange bizarre dwelling up in my
inner is right now just thinking about marlin's baseball wow whoo heavy duty can't help it man it's
part of the uh deal it's part of our and of course do we have the regular season schedule yet no for
the marlin oh and by the way I'm sure glad I fumbled my way and remembering this do we have our marlin
season tickets yet no those of us who are supposed to have them like yours truly and my famous
attorney Norma can no has this joint provide I mean today is already the 25th of March what day is
regular season start isn't it about eight or ten days yeah it's in just a few days man because I
know we got our last exhibition game uh April two no that's the last exhibition game is April two
that's what you were asking no no I said when's the regular season still I don't know it must be just
like a couple of days after that I would I would imagine that those marlin's regular season tickets are
all over the place we have ours yet oh no George have his uh employee of the month check for $200
yet no and there it goes around and around and you see you think that I'm a melkins that I'm
I'm a happy camper okay I'm just a mild mannered like Clark Kent and I got the glasses to prove it okay
but when people appear on your parade you can't just back and be a pussy all your life
you got to open up your mouth and speak out hey stupid don't take crap from these vases don't let
them pay whatever they get around wouldn't feel like it that's why they got money to buy those damn
three-piece suits at Goodwill because they're using that money where they could have been paying us
where do you think they got that big family dumpster they all sleep in at night
behind Goodwill WQA M hello
Hey Neil how you doing you only goodwill with the Haitian brother and sister what is this
is that rich in Hank brother and sister unrelated no they're not
WQA M hello
Neil how's it going call up Hank and ask in these personal questions I'm sure you'll be delighted to hang up on you yes sir
well this picking me up cold is kind of a strange
I'm not going to go on I like that picked up cold when you at least expect it
that's right um the one one thing no one ever mentioned about your list it just keeps growing and growing
it keeps getting bigger man it's welling out before standing it's gigantic it's like a one-way snake
any any man that works with the garbage getting bigger like an a pulse grower or like drape re-guys
right oh my goodness you want to see these guys walking around Queens yeah anyway too long
it's interesting what we should have done is subdivided because they're like lumberjacks truck drivers
these are like your macho queen you know saying these are macho gay guys right athletes people like
that yeah but then there's also like interior decorators and what you're talking about tend to be like
a little more flavors yeah a little bit you know they're kind of a lean skinny kind of you know
flavors yeah a little weak looking guy well let's say you know the way it is that's right we can't
be macho like a guilty you know also did I hear you correctly yesterday her was at the day before
I care remember um you were saying something that there was evidence that Jerry fall had paid out
for the like two hundred thousand dollars yeah over the last right for for a very
lot of people make up stories about Clinton right just just like Susan Mcdonald yesterday
testified that her husband was trying to coerce her in a testifying making up that she slept with
Clinton all these other stories all these things right isn't there anything that that can be done
I mean it's for nothing nothing's gonna be done because the media doesn't care about this all
media cares about is uh you know uh John Benay and Tom Snyder's gonna do his last interview that's
all in the you know who's a stiff of the Oscars and who paid off to get the you know the the
Shakespeare move in the Academy War that's all they care about I mean all these all these ridiculous
little conspiracies to try and you know make Clinton look bad he's kind of semi doing it himself
I don't understand the media is scared crapless of religion anybody connected with religions
even pseudo religion is they're scared like crap them so they put them all on lary King so we
suck their ass and then they make them look like uh legitimate people you know like legitimate
business guys no I'm definitely sick of a meal I'm tired of it man I've had it up to my god damn
my ears have a rate they think it's coming out of my back home like religious horse manure oh but
you don't understand the end is coming to millennium yeah yeah right just get that news week with
a picture of Yoshki on the cover there and read that stuff about all I how was all written years
and years after he died hand me done I just imagine what they would be talking about the Kennedy
assassination if we didn't have TV we didn't have this a prudert film we didn't have Lee Harvey Oswald
getting shot by Jack Ruby on tape was I saw it live on NBC myself and we and we we saw that we
still don't know the answer how do you like that but just miraculously all these all these many
acts decided let's invent another religion okay it's good business and everywhere said oh okay
sure whatever you say like in the godfather oh yeah whatever you say sure I didn't know no godfather
but whatever you say that's what Frankie Pentangely said WQAM hello okay first I've got something
for your list oh my god I don't think I've ever picked you up cool before did I no oh it's a horrible
you scary give me give me goosebumps if you really want to help a bee tank if I want to help what
a bee tank fat Hank yeah getting a book called four pillars of healing by Leo Gallon oh I got in
the best book going I got in the diabetes book by Dr Richard Bernstein diabetes a solution it's
the best book in the world for diabetics but you're finding something other than eating to do it all
well right I'm rubbing it okay listen you know what and guess what I'm not the one with the orange head
either I haven't said I haven't said that for years yeah I'm not talking about the one on your shoulders
listen one one I want to add one to the west yeah nobody's brought it up cleaning services all
pool clean now the amazing part of it is my pool on Cliff he's he's a straight as an arrow but
of course he's a he's a monster man you know if you're going to come to my house my house with
your ass hanging out of me straight the hair off your head have a good okay and I'm not coming to
your house with or without my ass hanging out how do you like that there was no farmer who lives on
here I eat that in the middle just shaking his face that some boys who were down by the
their feet in the water their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four
their team of young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the grass she pulled
up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and white fluffy duck she said she was
learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend while the boys in the far
yard were shoveling refuge and later from yesterday's time while the girl in the middle was
rubbing her eye that's a fellow down by the dot he looked like a man with a side of a home in
the country with a big fence out front if he has her phone lightly she'd show him her list of
that dog who put subject to fence and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small dinner and with a
movement so quick and then she'd bend over and suck out his candy so tasty made a butter sky
and then he spread the cream all over her cookie that she had that doubt on her shelf if you think this
is dirty you can go yourself yeah pro 27 at 5.60 wqa m yes he George is getting all these say I
don't want to talk about it on the air but I'm going to anyway because his phone doesn't work in
air and we get calls from like the colgons that are good close personal friend they're supplying water
all the people in the building even the people that are ripping me on the air in the morning by the
way I noticed are sucking up the free water in fact they're the ones that are drinking it because we
got our own free water in here from South balcony and so lay water so how do you like that and we
don't mind sharing it all with anybody on this end of the building with our friends and even them in
the morning but he can't we can't do any business because the phone is broken in there and the only
answer we get from our broken down program director's like yeah or our general manager what are you
thinking here how are we going to get these things fixed George yeah yeah and that that audio
vault that keeps screwing up all day in here what are we going to do about that yeah yeah
god and you wonder why carry on about these things like some kind of a pixel in child not because I
want them to be this way I would like to work in paradise for a couple of days and believe me this
ain't it just for a couple of days I don't expect perfection just like a little attempt to do things
right yeah w k k y m hello yeah sir two for your two for your oh my god the list is growing and
growing it's out of control well first of all a shipmates shipmates yes of any kind yeah that's
why they go argh all the time and the Florida Marlins okay I say week 5 6 7 0 5 6 to be out only 20
minutes to go to let Marlins game the Marlins and the San Lewis Cardinals any interest whatsoever
no the slightest the most minute tiny amount of interest is there anybody out there it's
can aim besides Cliff Floyd anybody and the Alex Fernandez and leave on anybody on his team oh
and you know something now that I think about it I don't think I could how about what's that
kids in Dunwoody no I was in the team on the other day Woody Graber was back there said Dunwoody
scored scored and I'm still working on scored scored that's it we don't know anybody on that
team we don't want to know I mean don't take it personal guys it's just that you know they're
destroyed that they blew it up and now people expect us to take an interest no no we don't care
you want to buy any spots on those broad cats no are you pissed off about the fact they're running
my live spots in there and you guys are paying for it when you're buying one thing and getting
sold another yeah w k a m hello guys and make lots of pizza should be it w k a m hello
no yes sir hey how you doing okay John Lake Worth yes John uh while you're at until the list real quick
did you happen to put down the US Attorney General's good point okay also any men please do I put
that one yeah go ahead any men that play the piano or all women basketball players yeah we
got the lady bit of pianist yes okay we'll put pianist on the list okay that fits right in so to
speak five six seven oh five six the pound five six the we must be some huh how about like
conductors like Leonard Bernstein he was notorious well we can out him now I mean everybody knows
that he's dead huh he was notorious but we're actually we're not too sure about I'll give you a
straight piano I was Victor Borger now he was like more of a comedian he kept threatening to play
the piano but he was afraid if he ever played it that we think he was well you know so he never
really touched the keys did I say magicians yes w k y m hello Neil how the hell are you buddy okay
sir anybody bring up the story last nine sixty minutes ran no you may have heard about it over how
was your hockey game I know you were I don't know you would have rather seen sixty minutes I was switching
over I can understand your all it was weak it was terrible yeah but anyway sixty minutes to the
piece on over in England about fifty years ago women who brought their children to the Catholic
church because they couldn't afford to raise them had their kids sent off Australia without them
knowing to build some gigantic church for the Christian brothers over there all right all the
all the boys all they could talk about is how the priests would molest them over and over they
could get in the church exactly yeah you just saw you you've been in tears but uh two more for
your list uh postal workers yeah we had that yeah you do how about a women at work at home depot
and the tool department no doubt I didn't know they had women at work at home depot what are we
going to what are we going to have out there by me which used to be what was the name of that not
home depot um builder square which went out of business when I was in there looking for my toilet
seat did I find it oh god I got I got hemorrhoids just walking around there I had to cover so much
territory about eighty five acres just to get to where they used to have the toilet seats and they
had about four of them left and I think they were like for the outhouse in hell and there was some
there were definitely not for my toilet so thanks again to my good close personal friend out there
that brought me the toilets you that day what's your name Matt huh that was either his first name
or something like that W-Q-A-M hello hello Neil yes hey uh speaking of hemorrhoids uh yeah that's
the reason why I called right but uh anybody yeah uh anybody mentioned eight doctors
proctologist yeah man I said that I said that yesterday there was really on the list yeah
they did my mind didn't look like much of a queer or anything but he really took a sweet ass time
getting around time to play on words yeah what do you find anything in there uh yeah did he
linger did he linger a little bit too long did his finger linger a little bit too long well his
finger was the lingering and his assistance was uh giving me the eye uh huh well at least it felt
like a finger anyway no seriously we were talking about that the other day and I never got a chance
to mention on the air when you shake hands with somebody like when you shake hands with a guy
and he his hand lingers a little bit too long do you know what I'm saying that happens to me all the
time like last night at the hockey game I didn't happen last night I met a lot of nice people so a lot of
people I've met before it said everyone so on good to see a Sean but anyway oh seriously there
a lot of you know and there's some people you meet now this happens very very frequently maybe
it's because uh I don't know but they hold your hand a little bit too long I don't I don't go for that
I mean if I hold your hand longer than you feel necessary there's probably a message in there and
most of you it won't happen but oh seriously I don't like that do you the doesn't it can you know
I wouldn't he brought it up the willies I mean it gives me the creeps when that happens same thing with hugs
yeah that's enough somebody will hug you and uh you know three little pat on the back that's the
point I'll tell you who hugged me that I never met before and I hugged him because we felt like we
knew each other but the hug was like uh and I know he's as straight as an arrow but uh it's
Steve he bowler you know well he hits a river he's Cuban is it a Cuban thing well they hug
no he but he's also half Jewish right yeah no but seriously I mean I met him at a hockey game about
four or five years ago and I'd always talked about him on the year and how good he used to look
up or you know and we had him on the year that day memory came in but boy he hugged me and held on
for a dear life maybe I'm the other guy that'll hug him now you know after all the problems he said
it might be well why are you looking like that I mean he's a good guy he's a good guy I wish him
nothing but the best he's a good he's had problems you know those Hollywood people they always have
those problems of various kinds women problems those problems but he's a great guy and god damn he used
to look good kappa USA 24 before a one five fifty double to QA so if you select like a lousy last
night maybe one of the problems you got besides too much olive oil in the wrong places maybe
we're sliding around on the sheets come on that's not what you're supposed to put it Hank don't
slide around on those sheets it's alive I am not a Nazi funny till one at five sixty WQM
boy I tell you the pressure is starting to build either a feet and lunch that earlier maybe that
ballgame it's coming one the other maybe both wow we are almost right on top of it boys and girls
marland and los cardinales man from viera up there a road up the road a piece exhibition baseball
right here in the middle of the only Q a m has got the balls and the courage the lack of intelligence
the lack of common sense the lack of good business judgment the lack of integrity to do a bait and
switch with our sponsors and with the audience and put that swill right on there in the middle of the
day WQ a m hello speaking sir Neil got two for you all right your list okay yeah number one
baggage handlers because they can handle my bag number two yeah any guy who owns a cat that's
the only pussy they see okay excellent yeah guys that rent a cat they're definitely fags
make no mistake about although guys that work with dogs remember we got that yesterday
like guys that work in veterinarians definitely most of them mitochondria WQ a m hello
a new obstacle I'm okay sir I think we omitted two I don't know if I'm not omitting but
definitely construction workers yeah we got it absolutely and any guy that roller blades okay
hey listen I gotta go back to the construction I take care okay oh and speaking of radius by the way
remember our old friend radiance we don't want you to call radius but it just came to mind uh you
know those great toothbrushes which we used to have I used to do spots for them remember for
very brief while god those are getting harder and harder to find and I was in my favorite
Walgreens boy I put it they sure treated me right in there yes the other day wow remember Dr.
Mark called in that prescription yes sir yes sir yes master well you know I was out of
their heart beat but I had a scour through their uh very pedestrian they had eight million toothbrushes
in there and I finally found a radius those are the that I wish tell we could have that on
here again that's a great toothbrush only and they even they even make him for right handers and
left handers they do what are you laughing about I know they make them on an angle if you brush with
you I'm talking about brushing your teeth I'm talking for Christ's sake and believe me you don't
necessarily brush your teeth with the same hand you handle your goods with believe me but uh
and a sci-fi one and I know there was about the only one they had why there is a really outstanding
great product everybody should go out immediately if not sooner in fact how come dentists all over
America all you dentists and all you hygienists are recommending you know in fact the line why was
it the dentist last week so she cleansed my teeth and at the end she hands me a real thin crest
uh toothbrush you know it was like a quarter of an ounce and I realized they bring in about
50 thousand votes for all the dentist offices and they get them for nothing but why yeah that's
my question for you dentist out there yeah exactly including my good friend Dr. Gary why yeah can
you do it again okay 1242 at 560 as she was tickled by that WQAM hello QAM
nobody QAM hello you think we could go the whole season without the Marlin's broadcast crew say good
seats good seats are still available oh I think the answer you're looking for is no no chance no way
Jose oh look at this we're coming up on it baby 1243 I see I like it not for me if I'm leaving
town you know like when it lets you do the 20 minutes and I hop on a plane I get out of here but
knowing that tomorrow is Friday and I kind of come back I resent that because it's costing us
money and it's taken away bitching time that I could be sitting your screaming and yelling and maybe
embarrassing them into getting your phone fixed in there and doing something about all this other
all these things well I'll tell you the best piece we got in here is because that's perfect I took
us 14 and a half months almost 15 months to get that but that's the definitive answer you get for
any any question we're gonna get that phone pick yeah they get in the dump button for the talent
there in the sports video yeah I'm gonna get that the bone of that check for George for his
employee of the month yeah how about that money for my for my playoff tickets for the Panthers
how about those Marlin tickets so season tickets for me and Norm yeah yeah and what kind of a
QAMF and wave baby go to QAM hello goalie scope and Kelly boss say what goalie scope and
Kelly blows oh I can yeah goalie scope this is a good day for it sir nice timing eight to five to
San Jose right there in the air Canada center we're losing every day now home games road games
unscheduled games one good game they played in the last six weeks that was the Jersey game Saturday
even a couple of games we won they sliced them up in the media for playing so bad you know it's one
thing to go through a little bit of a swoon but it's another thing to just you know you start getting
a little bit nervous because we've had too many of these false alarms in the past let's get back on
the get back with it and by the way let's quit putting Mary heely in the next two last night seven
goals the one empty netter we don't count seven goals last night Mary and I saw some of the low
lights I could have stopped those and by the way Kelly know I wouldn't run away from a puck
w-c-a-m hello in fact I'm the guy to cut the baseball between my knees at the uh you of
m well what does he know by name w-c-a-m hello nail yes sir hey don't okay you know I'm so
discussed with the panthers and in why is that because you know I think it about well there
you run in the organization into the ground everybody's making trades and we run out into the
ground we had a cell out last night it was a lot it's passed over it's you know there was
it but every ticket was sold I don't want a lot of empty seats compared to most games that
place was jammed the product sucks though yeah I understand that but don't you understand they don't
care about that as long as people keep showing up filling an ass in every seat they don't care
obviously it's so damn expensive because she watched that crap right right I agreed they got a
mediocre team there's no question and again a lot of mistakes they made signing long-term
Kirk Mueller Garpenloff all these stiffs and we're stuck with them until we can either they either
croak or we trade them or are their contract runs out and you know and you know Chris Wells
that project Chris Wells yeah and any other company Brian Murray would have been fired a year ago
right and it's ridiculous well yes well what the hell he doing up there he's switching both
ties every five minutes that's right right right right okay yeah the panthers aren't too happy in
case you guys in the organized and we still can't see here we are we only got a few home games left
what did I tell you we get to the end of the season can we see that red light anymore if that
north end no no no no sorry no no can't see it I mean these are like I said basic rudimentary
rudimentary elements rotor rudder elements well it's almost that time I want to make sure I do
this right I want to screw up that game I want to get Joe and Joe and Dave and especially that big fat
boost your pistol WQAM hello Neil yes sir something's got to go with the top of the list
or love the sightings never got used to jiggle oh he got hooked up with the millionaire
they come down here and the lady at a male housekeeper uh-huh as well he was date
the manager at public think about it okay meaning well I have no idea no one asked me what's
their name see that's a sexist remark the manager at public might have been a young lady so I
was going to talk to him does he know what he's talking about no WQAM hello hey Neil I got one
for the list yes concierge concierge is concierge is even the name sounds gay say name does sound
very fair yeah hey and I think I figured something out over here in four minors uh you know how
people are calling uh I have been calling constantly saying that you know you always get when
you come back from a break you always get cut off the first and second though uh maybe they
don't understand seven second delay meaning what well meaning that uh you guys are on a delay
and maybe maybe they haven't figured that out yet okay okay you're following what he's saying
course not no because they're what it is he's on the difference between the delay and getting
chopped off okay I mean if there any you guys in four minors want to come over here we'll be glad
to show about getting chopped off is all about oh god that's all for Neil today the oil and
no no I think I see the sounds you are three sportfuls can hear a deep that blows as the rest of us
oh
or death the answer came in the barless once their payments contractual agreement must be
meant despite the trading if they have to pay the pay and hope they find that all the
things are dead and the cars and they fall I think it's sad with cars and they fall I'd rather hear
jimin's exciting as the sound of trying a ride design for those with trouble getting laid
far the day fall oh life the dad's old spot once swaddle put in the road he's gonna get you
and then miss
no one gets the
fuck that you want it little trick for us the third baseline a very good one picked up by the third big
oh boy don't take it personally let's do my two guys the more uh oh and do I have to
even time to say goodbye here today or what can I the deal Roger show on five sixty w q a m my
ammy fort lauderdale
