Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 5600560 toll free for date and rarer.
Oh! Count 560 on your cell phone.
No.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily run-cast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Where is Delta?
Where is Delta?
Holy!
Where not took the vow to be wed?
I really made quite a mistake.
She did a lot of men.
She only loved my mom.
She saw that it was last my sight.
Let me just give her a hug.
I know.
She's gonna get it all.
She can find me.
Find me.
Yes, she can.
She can find me.
Yes.
She can find me.
All right.
She can find me.
Find me.
Find me.
Find me.
Find me.
Tell her it's 5600550 WQAM.
Oh boy, it's gonna be an interesting four hours today.
I can feel it.
It's either that or the apute that's about to go all over the board here in a second.
I just got something that's starting.
Get in my hotel room, Friday night.
They got the temperature turned down as low as it will go.
It's got to be 100 below zero in that room.
Freezing.
I mean, absolutely, positively freezing like the end of the world.
Like the ice prints and princess are coming to visit.
Well, that was last night on the plane.
Well, let's, we'll save that stuff for later.
And I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people I like it cool when I sleep.
I can't stand a hot room.
I can't sleep with a crap in a hot room like it cool, but just right.
Like between I would say 71 and 74.
Get down to 69.
Well, that's another story.
I got real problems, baby.
I wake up in the morning and get scratching in my throat, too.
That's all we can long.
I've been fighting it off and fighting it off and the intestinal and the whole thing.
I don't want to get too graphic, but oh, that queasy, sickening feeling like.
Oh, yeah.
God.
And then you wind up sitting on a plane next to somebody that's got walking pneumonia.
Or we'll get into that, like I said later on.
I mean, I could spend the whole four hours talking about this John Henry crap, even though I wasn't here.
I saw it and I did Hank make a mistake on that.
I don't know what that was because that wasn't here this weekend.
What was the deal?
Because I heard him on Friday and when I left, he said I'm going to have a press conference at 4
and scoop this stupid press conference at John Henry tomorrow.
And he did give the location that I heard him talking about that.
And was there a mistake in there somewhere?
Because I just heard the worst thing going on about the hero making a point of saying that Hank made a mistake and he got it wrong.
And yada, yada, yada.
And all of a sudden the crap and the hopper don't make no mistake.
The hopper does not make no mistakes.
I know.
He wanted a great while, but even so, he showed up to John Henry for what he is, a phony, a faker.
And see, this is the way these things always materialize.
I already told him this.
They always materialize like this.
Guys like this guy come along and they have the hootspa to lay this stuff out.
Okay, I'd like to have it over here, but if you put it over here would be good.
And they just plow right along as if it's a fatal complete.
Like it's going to happen and it would maybe be better over here.
What do you think?
Is it good over here?
And are you guys going to give me any money for it?
Can you come up with a good idea?
As long as we need it and it's going to happen.
Do we need it?
No.
Is it going to happen?
No.
Now with tax money, it ain't not in Proud, I'll tell you that baby.
I'll vote six million times if I have to.
What?
Hank had it all right.
The Marlin said he didn't.
Yeah.
Oh, so Hank did have it right.
And the Marlin's tried to make him look bad, okay?
Because there are a bunch of pixel and assholes who want you people to come out and subsidize their book crap little league product out there
and tell you all about Tour 3.
You know what that reminds me of?
How about if you open up a restaurant?
And you say, okay.
Now the previous owners here five years ago, the food was really sensational.
Now we can't afford to bring that kind of food and that kind of chef in here.
So for the next two or three years, the food is really going to suck.
It's going to be some of the worst you've ever had.
But if you come in and subsidize us, we'll have enough money to let in about three or four years.
Then we can expand and bring in a great chef and bring in some of the best quality meats and stuff.
Yeah.
Any takers?
No.
Anybody coming in to buy that swill?
No.
No.
I mean let's face it, we're in a competitive order.
You're selling a product, whether it's entertainment, whether it's a Walnuts, whatever it is you're selling a product.
And when you tell the public up front, the product's going to suck for two or three years.
The product's going to say, oh well maybe if you're still around in two or three years, Guck, let us know when it's good.
And maybe we'll come back, maybe.
Instead of this bullcrap about, well it's really going to be bad.
And if we can win 60 games, it'll be great if we can win 61 games while stuff like that.
And people are saying, good luck to you, okay?
Good luck to you and you little league bullcrap.
And then of course, like tonight.
Tonight, the big, the big come on is, here's the guy we just traded away that's such a big attraction to come out and see and he's pitching.
Not for us against us, but nevertheless he'll be there.
That's the red.
That's the Marlins pitch is come out and see, leave on.
Maybe you can bring an Elton John to sing I think I cost him much money.
Come on see, leave on. He's pitching for the other guys, but it'll be great.
And of course we'll have that game right here on QAM, which we're losing our ass on it.
By the way, should I do an hour on Todd Direct 2 before I get started with my Nelson stuff?
Congratulations Todd.
That's only the first of many.
Very predictably, I know what your council going right down the old crapper.
Of course you can't tell the people the powers that be here because they know it all.
They know our sharp sales hole in AC1.
They know their wreck.
Believe you me.
In fact, that's their expertise is in the area of wreck.
So nice going to Todd, congratulations, Sue.
And I'm sure you see, this is what happens when you don't bring this copy that makes any sense.
And this is what happens boys and girls when you can't do a job for the people that are paying a lot of money out there who would like to get some response.
They're not buying advertising because they like my haircut, because they like my shoe size, because they think I smell nice.
They're not doing these things. They're not buying the advertising because they like the salesman's personality.
And in this case, that's for damn sure.
They'd like to get some results.
But don't confuse these people with that because then you're starting trouble again.
And of course we know that doesn't go over real big here at QAM, which is a great place to work.
No mistake about that.
The checks keep clearing every two weeks, but other than that.
So before I go ballistic on the whole John Henry thing, I want to, I got a story after the break.
I just, I don't even know how to begin it.
This is the most bizarre thing.
I'm trying to thank you all the years, and I've been alive for about 200 years, all the things that have happened in my life.
This is the most bizarre, the most inexplicable, the most unacceptable, the most, I don't even know a word for it.
Experience.
In fact, so bizarre that in my drive, in fact, Jo Kastol was something that he's had this happen before.
To me, after all the years I've been driving, this is the first time this has ever happened.
We've all, you know, driving late at night and you get sleepy, long distance drives, you know, or whatever.
You're coming in three in the morning, it's real late, and you're trying, you're fighting, nodding off.
We've all had that almost falling asleep at the wheel.
Hopefully not going over the edge.
I've had that before.
But I've never in my life had a drive where I've been on the road.
I remember going from my international airport to the 836, going to the Palmetto, and going north of the Palmetto at 125th,
which is the I-75 exit, and going toward a home on I-75.
I remember the first car in the left hand lane got out of the way, he was going pretty slow, and I remember passing him.
The next thing I remember was pulling off on the sunrise boulevard in Plantain the Acres.
Everything that happened between the beginning of I-75 and arriving at, it's like it never happened.
I'm serious, I have never had that happen before in my life.
I was so preoccupied like, what was this?
You know, what just happened here, you know, with a bizarre experience, which I will relate in gory detail.
I will.
Because, you know, there are some people in the world that are just not worth getting worried about, and there's other people at the...
Well, I'll get into it with.
9 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM, all there's Dick.
He gave Gallup pole.
Dick's in not only.
See the movie's out now, and of course, they're going to see this is great for the media, and now that we can celebrate the anniversary of Watergate,
does anybody give a flying crap about freaking Watergate?
No, not anymore.
We don't want to hear about it, we don't want to know from it, we don't want to hear G Gordon-Liddy.
Do we?
No.
No.
But now they got something to hang their head on, and so now we're just surrounded by Dick.
We got a movie named Dick.
Rex Reed loves Dick, and here's Dick and Pat on our screen right now.
There they go, there goes Dick.
10 past 10 at 5.60, he lived up to his name anyway.
Where is Nelson?
Ever wonder what happens to four skins once they've been sniffed?
Well, once the clipping is done, those incredibly strong little helmet covers are sent to the four skins.
And they're made into some of today's most innovative products.
Here for instance, we have a wallet, and while it looks like an ordinary wallet,
just give it a quick rub and...
You have a briefcase, but that's not all.
Just rub it a little while longer and...
You have a suitcase.
Our amazing technology allows us to make many fine-porsed-in products for everyday use.
Look at this watch band, a quick rub and...
You have a new belt.
Finally, our most amazing new product is this new car.
Yes, four-skin technology has come this far.
This new car fits four comfortably, but what if the in-laws are coming to visit?
Just a quick rub down with warm baby oil and...
You've got a full-size band for more information on our incredible four-skin product.
Call 1-800-Cold-Tip.
Call within the next 10 minutes and receive a free pair of our one-size-fits-all running shoes.
All right.
10, 15 at 5.60 WQM, so where do I start with this turn?
Maybe I should have Joe Teller's story.
Actually, your story was...
I don't know if it was better than mine, but I think it was.
Joe Castella was talking about his grandmother being on a plane.
How long ago was this?
Four or four months ago?
Wow.
By the way, if he's screwing up over the spots in there because I may have to change that letter around.
So, anyway, four months ago, Joe Castella's grandmother gets...
So, who's what?
About 110 years old?
And probably from the old country?
Like Syracuse?
Well, anyway, so she gets on a plane going somewhere.
And she's sitting there, and I was missing in coach, I'm assuming, right?
Not a first class.
Not your slipper.
So, anyway, she's sitting under a seat in coach, and she's got her luggage up in the overhead, and she's all settled, and she's 150 years old.
And she's a little nervous about flying anyway, as most old ladies are.
And a lot of young people too.
A lot of...
Well, not a lot of us say everybody who is afraid of flying is a pussy, but most of more.
So, at any rate, she's all settled in, and there are these...
And there's this couple who, you know, evidently, they've got their seats laid.
And that's the price you pay when you get your seats laid.
You can't always sit together.
With your husband, your wife, your girlfriend, your boyfriend, all of you above, you sometimes get separated.
Now, how long have a flight was this? Where were they going?
From Jersey to here.
Oh, from here to... from Jersey to here.
Oh, well, well, that is...
Well, you didn't tell me that part.
If it was in Jersey, it explains where all those scumbags were on the plane.
God!
Man!
So, anyway, they go over and they ask her, I guess, very nicely.
You know, where my wife is over there, and we would like to sit together.
And would you mind moving?
So, we can have the two seats together.
And she said...
I'm mind.
She's mind.
She said, my stuff is already put away.
I'm already a little bit nervous.
I would prefer not to have...
You know, they'll go through the whole thing all over again.
I'd like to stay here.
And the response is, you F and O, bitch, no good...
Or, yeah, whatever else.
And just absolutely, keep every kind of...
Disgusting, rotesque...
Exploited on this poor lady in a history of mankind, just because she don't want to move.
Why is it that people assume that every time you ask them to move, that they'll say yes!
I have seen times when people have said, no, I'm sitting here because I want the window seat.
You know, I got to see a million years in advance and I paid money for it.
I want to sit here.
I mean, so many of their little, you know, whatever, but nevertheless, that's their prerogative.
You pay something, you've got to write to sit there.
And now, not only does the husband and wife attack poor Joe's grandma,
but now the people sitting around there who witnessed this little confrontation,
now the rest of the flight, you know, miserable old bitch and whatever else they were saying,
which we can't repeat on here.
You f***ing...
Yeah.
How do you like that?
And then see you next time.
Who's that on the bat line? Hello?
George Angle, thank you for the good morning.
George Angle, here.
I wanted you to get with it.
George is on vacation.
Who's in North Carolina with the other guy.
And why don't you get with it?
What do you want?
I wanted to say hello.
What do you want?
I wanted to say hello.
Yeah, there's something I want to tell you.
I'm so glad you called.
I had a spy report on your appearance on Conan O'Brien.
I was good.
Yeah, you were good.
I hear that they shined you on the website.
Here's a man who gets down on his hands and knees
for a no-talented cut like Conan O'Brien
and gets his tongue out and is doing things that we can't even say.
It can't even figure much less say.
And then he gets shined on his website, which is the only reason you went on your left face.
The only reason.
Maybe it's an I did everything to him that you do when you private like.
Why didn't it in public?
Why don't you admit already that you were the one that keeps giving me oral sex all the time?
Why don't you admit that?
Do you think that keeps you alive?
And you're very good.
You like you.
Kind of fish food.
Kind of fish food is all I need.
Hey, hey.
So do you like the air?
Did you like the air, though?
Yeah, the color head was great.
But you're changing the subject.
I guess you were young with Howard yet stuck in his ass?
Yes, under 20.
How did that?
He ate in the morning.
I'm not even competing with you.
Listen, I don't have to worry about competing with me.
We're doing just fine.
Okay.
And I know.
Fumbling from running away, we're doing just fine.
Hey, I stuck up to you.
We've been better than Howard and Conan.
Yeah.
I've been stuck up to you for 20 years.
I do have a smaller penis you have to admit that.
It doesn't even tie me out.
I don't even know you're in.
Like a button.
Oh, all right.
You know, you see the credit line I gave you?
On what?
Under second-aid.
We're based on your launches.
No, I didn't see that.
It's under the ad.
If in the second-aid, I give you credit.
Oh, no, no.
I don't mind a wall.
I can't.
No one ever gives you credit.
I gave you credit.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
I guess you don't know.
I don't know.
No one ever gives you credit.
I'm a male hustler.
I admit it.
How did you and Howard hit it off?
I saw it.
I don't want to hear about you.
You sucked this.
I don't want to hear all the things that I'm going to be today.
I was a father, man.
Well, that's nothing new.
He had wonderful grease.
He was wonderful.
I loved it.
No, I gave you credit.
Please look it up.
Because no one ever gives you credit.
They steal from you.
At least I said based on your current.
I'm sorry.
I'm changing the subject.
I'm changing the subject.
I guess maybe your whole day is over.
Is that what you're trying to say?
No, the bed is refined.
I know.
I'm looking at it.
It says on the bottom of the head.
Like I said, I love it.
It says on the bottom of the full-color head.
In the August 9th, she was screw magazine.
Thanks to Neil Rogers, who gave me the ball to run the Santa
Al Goldstein.
Well, that's sweet.
That's really sweet.
Do you want to know no fish with necessarily, I guess, huh?
Okay.
I just wanted to say hello to you on the town if you want to abuse me.
Yeah.
I don't want to.
I don't want to hear you.
When you come to Holland next, you know what?
When to Holland next.
Not too far in the distant future.
A couple of weeks.
You think, Paul, I'm a please.
Okay, I will.
Love you, Neil.
I'm going to leave all kinds of dreck all over the place.
I'm going to smear fish with animals and on your mattress all over the place.
It's the last one and I swallow.
Okay.
Bye.
See you.
Oh my God, look at that.
He actually gave me a little credit in the bottom of the said.
It's great.
I am the one who came to the ball.
In other words, during that entire conversation he never answered the question.
Only because he put my name on the bottom of the said.
See, I'm easy to sell out just like George that sell out.
I'm going to think about George.
Now that he's on vacation, let's rip him for a while.
Seriously, I mean, what has happened to him lately?
I notice that he's got a new deal now.
Ever since George started filling in me on the Earth,
of when I go on vacation he's got a whole new deal now like this show a
secondary it's the Christian science reading room in their while I'm on
here he's either reading screw magazine or he was reading new times or city
linked last week and he's kind of like sitting off to the side you know what
I'm saying you follow my drift in other words it's been even like looking in
here pretending he's paying attention while I'm talking about he's like sitting
off to the side nicely green lines flashing and George is now he's in his own
little world and they're kind of and he's also got this new campaign where he's
not he's busy with the phone company he spends more time dealing with the
phone company and that yellow legal pattern his he does answer in the calls for
the show you know what I'm talking about and and the interesting part is
most of the calls that he's tracing and reporting getting all of a
call that have to do with me they're calls from people attacking him yeah
while I'm doing the show I'm talking about when he's filling in I'm talking
about while I'm doing the show and if somebody you're gonna sell out your
little spectra what he's on his star fifty seven star sixty nine he's on a
full with other belt security he's got a little little yellow legal
pad out he's going a shot yeah and you know it's true you see it every day he
I got news for I could sit in here and just make no noise at all I can make no
sound at all for three four minutes and he wouldn't notice because he's got
to monitor down anyway because he's busy hey I got I got over here to die
cold news a spick you know whatever yeah you know it's true because he's
become he's become a celebrity now create another monster he's a he's a monster
in a goddamn fill in the world whatever the hell world he's in I mean don't
get me wrong we like George not as much as we used to he's great but nevertheless
he needs to be brought back to reality a little bit he's a this vacation came at a
very good time for him I hope he clears out his brains up there in North Carolina
maybe he and mama seat to have a little reunion little meeting of the minds
and maybe she'll slap the taste out of his mouth and bring him back to reality
a little bit so anyway getting back to Nelson oh here's somebody on a
pay phone and cross-springs hello yeah I was saying about your little off the
time episode on the expressway there yeah and I had a similar experience a
few years ago I was working late at night and it's the most absurd the most
scary feeling you never have when you realize what is just happened I mean I'm
exaggerating I got this is never driving for 40 years and I've never had that
happen even for like a block I mean you know I mean sometimes you're not paying
that much attention but at least you have some kind of subconscious awareness
of going from point A to point B but in this case I remember passing at one car
distance beginning of I-75 and the next thing you know I'm pulling out I'm
stopping at the stop sign where 75 ends there with the sunrise actually in it
on the sunrise boulevard and I'm thinking to myself how did I just get here now
do you remember closing your eyes at all no okay because I live out near you yeah
my experience that I was working nights about four years ago and I just got
in it and the guy that was supposed to come in after he didn't come in so they
woke me up at two in the morning to go to pop it out I remember driving L-5 95
remember getting on I-95 I remember looking up at the sign of the
Broward boulevard half mile right and I was in a far left way and my eyes are
so they said okay I'm gonna close it just for a second just for one second
yeah this thing I ever did I open my eyes there's a sign at Lanark boulevard one
mile and then the right lane but what does that mean I have no idea I must
to sweat the entire time how do you not crash how do you not have no idea
all knows I have no idea what happened between Atlantic boulevard and Broward had
no recollection of it instantly so they realize what happened I was a
wake I was shocked I used to go to I'm so feeling I've ever had well that we both
surviving I'm glad you're here okay thanks don't do it again not a good idea okay
I don't know what maybe there's a name for that maybe the shrinks have got
some kind of a name for that driving while under the influence of a psychosis I
have no idea what that's all about but very very scary experience almost as
scary as I'll get into it I'm gonna say I'm so good at this man so good at
taking something and just getting a little tease out there at the beginning
and milking it even Tom Green can't milk it as good as I can all we does take
it better in the place how young is too young
that's thirty two or five fifty WQM now would I give a shout out to
who mr. Jamison is that what you'd be saying mr. Jamison is a good guy not
related Carl Jamison of harness racing famous and Canadian maybe no
Jody Jamison no but anyway let's shout shout it out also want to give a shout
out to my good friend but I'll do it later all of me forget in the one o'clock
hour my son sent a lady who does she does the paper she sells him on a quarter
of knob hill in five ninety five snob hill and she's a wonderful lady I saw
this morning and she was see there are some nice people out there I have to
keep reminding myself not everybody down here is crazy okay not everybody
down here is eccentric not everybody down here is paranoid enough tight and
bizarre you know but this experience I had last night I'm I seriously I don't
think I'll ever be able to put it in perspective if you follow what I'm saying
it's it's just so bizarre even Rod Sirling even Alfred Hitchcock wouldn't find
the words to explain it to be able to put it just and of course there's a really
mean much to them out to the hill of beans doesn't amount to a pile a crap on
your backyard the thing you know it doesn't by the way it's interesting you
you fakeers at the sunset they're writing about allington Texas and their
hundred and thirty four million dollar share their hundred and ninety one
million dollar stadium and the brewers two hundred ninety five million dollar
stadium only problem is that here we're talking about a four hundred dollar
million dollar state right four hundred million of which we only have to come
up with eighty percent for this good guy that's all and I'm gonna tell you
something when this thing gets on a ballot and it will you think the penny sales
tax took a big dump you ain't seen nothing yet baby you ain't seen nothing yet
that's right oh you think sixty eight to thirty two wasn't too close how
about ninety eight to two sounds interesting to me that's only if John
Henry and the people from the sunset on the Harold voter bunch of times
because they're the only ones that seem to be in favor of it plus a couple of
long-kids sports nerds that call this station four hundred million dollars to
build a billion and we'll go he'll build himself but of course it won't be very
big it won't be very big yeah and it won't be very good and we can't make very
much money until you have a crappy team more blackmail by billionaire
owners bill it for me and do it this way and where I want or etc.
it's that of in so on so am I getting back to my story I could I could sit here
and do the whole four hours on this John Henry crap because the answer is no
forget it Hank had a great call on Friday at least I was a driving the
airport he had a guys all these people are calling in Hank is making the
announcement of the very the six different proposed sites or John Henry
saying well how about here well how about over there and Hank gets the story
right as opposed to what the hero said and after I hear all these people
sucking around well I think this one's pretty good and that was good and the
guy calls in I'll tell you the best place for the Amarlans to move Washington DC
and I was high-fiving myself and the car in the car I was playing grab as with
myself in the car I was so excited to hear that nice go answer whoever you are
well pack him a guy damn sandwich well I have Chuck White over on a corner here
he's posted the stadium well I've Chuck pack him a whole bunch of sandwiches
they can put him on the bus if they head up to DC they got a lot of
spare money up there you know they got no crime no good education no
poverty yeah send him to DC see how well they do up there of course probably
have to have several more shows on the team but that's okay so anyway getting
back to my story well let me take some calls first here's plantation hello
yes sir you're right on the money with the John Henry what a man yet right on
like he's you know like a he needs Tammy fail to help him out you know
you know you can maybe Jim Baker and Tammy Fae and Paul and Jen Crotch to
got to miss Baja we'll get them all together that's what he need oh what a
week attempt to solicit money and it seemed like it was in conjunction with the
sunset all right oh yeah the Suns settle I mean they already had an editorial
last week and now that the horse is out of the barn the cats out of the bag
oh bring them all park the Broward a new home for the mall and I love the one
paragraph in eras moire says this presents Broward a county with a tremendous
opportunity and a challenge to match what an opportunity to rape the public
again for four hundred million dollars wow at least eighty percent of it
320 million sound like the many and I think we're those weak-minded people at
that give money to the church yeah well guess what you know what these
buttons are still working just like they did in the last election no no no
still working real good also you know it just I lost it that's okay that's okay
just just keep that one word in mind you'll be all right that's okay you lost it
that's all right by the way the phone is screwed up this morning the phones all
sound like crap it's not JP's fault it's not my fault if our program director
would stop hyperventilating in there just put it away back in his pants and
relax it just in the phone is a piece of crap it's our you know JC penny
nice news a creepy crap that we got in here and we're not going to get a
side of our doing the best we can okay it's a crappy phone it sucks it
blows it's garbage KPX wouldn't use this phone on here they'd be embarrassed
they would throw it in the toilet before they would put a call on you with
this they wouldn't even call home much less off the around this phone much
less put it on here that's how bad it is here's Hollywood hello hi Neil yes
sir what's going on hey did you get your ticket yet tickets for what for the life
of Riley Charles Nelson Riley reveals all four shows only no thanks
no thanks by the way speaking of Charles Nelson Riley let me ask you this sir
yes where is Nelson he nails did you get the Thunder Clap Newman CDS engine yes
thank you very much okay I appreciate it very much all right take it easy okay
thank you okay Charles Nelson Riley anybody go to see her no we'll pass okay
let's take the four-letter deal thing do the break and then I'll get in my
store and it'll only take about two hours here's for another day all
hello yeah yes sir hey for the first time ever when I read the Sunday paper
yesterday yes my stomach actually felt pretty and the first thing I look to
was the mail-band to see what other people were writing right so sick over
this thing I haven't looked at that yet because my plane didn't get back to like
midnight almost last night so I have a minute let me ask something the only thing
that I really worry about is I mean it comes to a vote you know they'll get
crushed but what do you think of the chances after the public votes and crushes
it that this is going to do it anyway that's what worries me they they they
damn well better not not if they want to get reelected any of them I don't
think they can't they strike a deal behind closed doors everybody gets paid
off we get raped no I don't I don't think so I think if it's an overwhelming no
vote nobody would have the call and stuff a lot not unless they are not unless
Alex penis was to grow it maybe or maybe date county at the last
seconds since two of the most excited are in date maybe at the last second all
of a sudden the hair will kick in and come up with some of bogus thing you know
like another three three penny sales tax for it what they do is indeed they'll
just put on a ballot vote now if you need yes but yes if you need no yeah
put it back on what's up put on the ballot is no matter which way you will vote
we'll we assume you mean yes I got one question for John Hatter
all right excellent save that yeah that's that that was beautiful I love it well
he already said that you know got them fucking it yet yeah that's what he said
oh I know what he said what now what is that under by the way is under J.H.
nah damn it now I got a look and look and look what is that damn John Henry oh I
know what it's under I must be crazy yeah you got you are you're crazy I do not
it's John Henry never still afraid train like I did when I was a little kid and
boy out and that man must be it you know it I finally got it what happened on
that with that plane deal with that freight train I finally admitted the
ceiling last week I should never let that out in the air you know
but I know that it won't last forever the doorbell has to ring another
gentleman's witness the things they want to save me they want to save me after
I tie a yellow ribbon right on the neck to think I will drag your hands
and the sand comes from the driveway if you still want to visit after I drag your
ass away I'll get on the front I come to your house and I'm not till I'm
doing the thing so don't you come I'm not in because I'm it we didn't
behind my oh oh three okay it's 1044 560 W3M so before we get to my story Peter
Leonard from our sales department by the way who's one of the really he looks like a
bullfrog and heat on a bad day with bad sunburn not a bad guy but very strange
even by sales-hole standards they're very very very strange guy I want to think
I'm discovering about him is that he schmoozes with everybody in a radio
business see I'm I'm one of those people that not only doesn't want to I go out
of my way not to schmooze with most of the people in a radio business and I'm
very suspect of anybody who does so no matter what name it is if it's Bob Green
and Cheryl over the old I would be over cost broadcasting if it's anybody I mean
you pick it in oh yeah and he's got a nickname you know hey buddy hey paly and
all that stuff for everybody so the business we had with I don't want to go
back at it again because I don't want to give anymore publicity since we got a
10 8 and then you've got a 5 8 who needs it but it's really interesting that
not only is he hang out with all these people but the people that do schmooze with
other radio people they all stab each other in the back every chance they get
he was the first one I called in he would glee on Friday during that whole big
song and dance that was going on that contrived controversy that castrenoba was
trying to siphon off some of our audience he was the first one to call in here
to report gleefully that castrenoba tried to use him to siphon his way to Greg
Reed and get a job which was confirmed by Greg by the way to a clock when I got
off the ear and also by our program director Bloth Lindsay yeah how do you
like that that castrenoba is over here sucking heavy duty even heavier duty
than our girls they which is saying a lot for a job so if everything is so
great over there a career channel you have to wonder but the real point is how
come if I mentioned that to a Peter London this morning oh yeah Polly yeah not
that Paul Polly everybody's got a nickname for everybody he's the buddy of
everybody in the business right off the bat axe murder that's the thing to
keep in mind as soon as you hear that axe murder and waving not as dangerous as
roar if he's got a buddy who wields a much meaner axe just axon he'll tell you
okay so anyway getting back to my story here's Miramar hello yes sir okay
where is that what is it what is that boy that's what is that I believe they
the funny here how bad this sounds yeah it's crappy awful Thursday on my
way to Vegas yeah saying at the new Venetian great looking forward to how many
called the last week I think I'm fighting instead the Venetian was they had all
kinds of problems the rooms and all yeah but don't pay any attention to people pretty
typical in something opens up anyways yeah yeah you know you're always gonna have
the glitches in there right but uh oh just look it forward to it and just want to
let you know we've got for eight days great oh man can you imagine what you can
lose in eight days oh I've been there before I know take all your credit cards
you're a checkbook whatever you got man I leave them home just because of that
your sake of watch your role somebody else's Rolex I said have a great time
okay okay there's a guy going to Vegas to have a good time well if you're
ain't gonna have one here I'll tell you that oh this experience I'm still trying
to try it in my own mind to find a way to to stage this to phrase it to
describe it by the way good morning to my good friend Eric out there I think his
last name was Cohen who I met at the Pearson International Airport in Toronto
last night we just coming back from London from medical school good guy Eric
he kind of witnessed there and maybe not witnessed but he was like an observer and I
explained in this whole situation which was very very bizarre and even out more bizarre and much
much worse and more uncomfortable on a plane maybe in the X murder and dangerous
uh pervert that I am evidently here's Miami hello
Bill yes sir hey what's going on you are you doing sir uh Eddie um none of the
top of you you always want to know about you know I got a little spire report on what is that
on the cops there with the with the low prostitution thing or the cops are off the hook
meaning what meaning well you know whatever went on and everything they keep it in the secret
hush hush yeah and is that a bulletin yeah okay thanks thanks for the bulletin there you go
turn it here first on QAM from some 12 year old punk there wouldn't know a prostitute if she got
out of the means okay that's right he wouldn't know a hooker if she stuck one in his back dome right
thank you very much pal and say hi to your boyfriend here's a mobile and hollywood hello
Neil yes sir good morning sir that is that uh just coincis I happen to be uh worked for the
kindness and blew a city in Miami yes sir believe you meet there is a step come out uh what in the
next this thing in the next month yeah I do personally know several of these guys that are
cracking in their pants my friend there's these are these uh just just like just uh it was it is
gonna happen they haven't put uh let them under the rug yet the but they're sure I'll tell you
what the media sure aren't pursuing this very vigorously for whatever reason internal affairs
is heavy at work trust are they good great news thank you sir what Neil yeah one more thing I
happen to be at the uh scrimmage on Saturday not by choice but I was working yeah and if it's
honest to get guess who was serving at the concession stands
serving beer who was it's game
it's game was serving beer honest I hope to get some confirmation on this he was he is the beer
keg he is the orange boat truck he's got an ass the size of that bowl man yeah he is a big boy what if
he isn't he isn't he in the media anymore no no no they they just weren't enough of a wide-screen
TV to get him on camera on the label thank you that's what that's funny it's running into
jerry the dolphin can't do that's what jp was telling me a man with no personality whatsoever
but you don't need no letter from him what forget it who the hell needs uh who needs that
Jesus Christ okay so we finally got rid of those pain in the ass calls I got my faxes up today
now can I finally after almost an hour embark on this bizarre story can I do it thank you
so two and a half I don't know me to say two and a half years ago and of course I make all
these trips I go to Europe five times a year I go to a lot of trips on a weekend Vegas Toronto a
lot because it's a short flight and I get that a lot of here so a couple of years ago I'm in your
port at Miami and every time I would go up I would see the same person young guy say about 2526
any year importantly in the waiting area for the flight for the same flight who seemed to be going
on that flight every single week and then coming back on Sunday night on the same flight
and never thought anything of it and saw him a lot never we never spoke never had any idea who
knew who I was or whatever and there was no conversation which is fine so you want to think
about me if people approach me like this guy Eric who just came back he was coming to Toronto from
London to Miami last night after four months in London medical school he came up to me a
reunion of Rogers has very far the guy had a good conversation half an hour sitting there killing
time no problem good guy but I don't assume number one that people know who I am because that's
very arrogant to begin with the number two there are a lot of people who like me but there are
also a lot of people who hate me like poison you know and that maybe not as many but there are some
like when I go into publics every time I go into publics there are people hanging out how you do
and then there are people who like look at you you can see them stopping what is and they look at
you and you're not really sure they know who you are they like you but they're too you know too
much about pussy to say anything or they know who you are and they hate you like poison which is
possible fine doesn't phase me in the least okay couldn't care less I don't have my life based on
what other people think I don't give a crap okay great so what a way to make a long story short
after all of this time like two years whatever that Tommy that here is good it's just I'm distraught
it distraught you look like a throwback to you looks like you just came out of a more Egyptian
tomb or something doesn't he man seriously you look like a mummy I like I like when you call me
Jesus this morning and he looks like get the sandals in here okay Tommy has found Jesus
that's right you think Jesus are about the Virgin Mary on a Tatino's pizza is exciting Tommy has
found Jesus in the frickin mirror that's just I don't think me while they're used to it but anyway
so anyway about three weeks ago this is this is an amazing story three weeks ago here's the same
guys on a plane go into Toronto I'm on the same plane he's sitting back in coach I'm in first class
of course because I pay the full fare evidently he gets upgrade because he flies a lot on this
particular airline which you go I mentioned you can only assume so coming back coming back I see
many are important to Ronald and he's going to the counter obviously he's trying to get enough
grade he goes back to sit down I walk and we're getting ready to board the plane I walked over
said you get the bumped up and he said nah nah not this time and as we're walking to the get on a
plane we're starting a conversation for the first time in whatever this has been two three years
okay seems like a reasonable guy good guy he lives in works here lives he's from Toronto okay good guy
I thought so on a plane coming back we get to Miami and as we are coming back through the
jetway another conversation ensues all right and we start talking and comes to find out he's a big
maple leaf fan and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah and this and that
and flies the same thing around I've been doing it and you know it's like a seven minutes from the
jetway all the way to the parking area are you following this so we finally get to the
and I'm I'm mentioned the fact that you know we come up to Toronto several times here go to a few
hockey games my good friend Jeff Rimmer my good close personal friend Jeff Rimmer in exchange we're
buying him a lot of very expensive meals get this ticket that like we used to be in maple leaves gardens
in out of the air can of the center and maybe like if since he's in Toronto one weekend maybe he
would like to go to some of the games he can't get tickets to Rimmer would be glad to call in and leave
you know whatever's name is okay oh great that's great and blah blah blah blah blah and there's this
very friendly conversation going on for like seven or eight to ten minutes whatever the walk is
from there at one point to where you go off on your own way to get your car
and so we stop at that point where he's going his way and I'm going my way and I said on by the way
what's your name he looks at me and he shakes my hand and says Nelson okay as in
where is Nelson okay and I thought wow that's pretty freaky because as most people know that's my
real first name too which I told him wow so I said by the way you go up next week yeah I'll be
there I said okay we can talk about the hockey tickets about the leaks whatever I'll see you have a
great week that's it that's the end of the conversation I go to my car that's the end of that
now in the interim I did talk to somebody from the airline who I happen to know I know a lot of
people in there to try to arrange since he tells me he's flying on a plane I've just stopped
and thinking this with anybody you would know to try to put in little little thing to get him bumped
up to make sure that instead of singing coach he does get bumped up that's all Harmer's conversation
nothing sinister not a big deal nobody is stalking Nelson not a big son of dance okay get on a
plane that week is he there no come back Sunday night is he on there no then last weekend the
weekend that was cut short because of that got awful spars I mean care of manifesto in Toronto
which I came back Sunday morning was he on that plane going up no was he on that course I came
Sunday morning with you on that plane no okay so I'm beginning to feel like maybe he's just
banished in the thing or whatever so last night on at the airport sitting and of course there's
a delay you know how these delays go air be all of a sudden lately up there delays and delays and
more delays the incoming plane is late and a crowd is getting bigger and bigger people waiting for
the plane and this guy comes over to me I'm Eric so and so are you new around you yeah and he tells
me a story he just came back from London and this and that and the other and we talked for like 30
or 40 minutes which is great it tells a lot of good time because the plane is later and he'll
a plane is even there yet now I'm sitting there and I look off where the they call it the maple leaf
lounge the lounge area is I see here Nelson comes out with some guy some young guy yeah Chinese guy
some young guy and they're walking together I thought oh jeez this is gonna be a great excuse
because Eric's a good guy but he bap bap bap you know a little bit at this point we're talked
out you know I'm saying there's nothing left to say to Eric good guy you're good guy Eric but
bap bap you little I said oh jeez I see a friend of mine over there I gotta shake his hand good
to see I have a great trip and I go over now I want I want you to envision this I think I better
do the break at this point because I can't know seriously no I've got to because once I get
this description I must do it vividly and make you understand the the whole significance it
it not that it's greatly significant not that it's going to change my life in any way she performed
but it was just the most bizarre the most inexplicable experience of my whole life almost is end
and it's got to be a time with that with the thing on the highway driving and not remembering
it seriously my mind has got to be turning to Joe you know what I mean where is self yeah
1058 at 560 to oh you're it's a great story really is one of those you don't know what the
other way into the street you think of us in a million there like J.F.K. could have
poured a better flame this J.F.K. at 495 would have sold a pie for some of the cheapest
trapezoid that blow a burning death point has about the only way God will make you
now let's see the only one that left a life today from what they called again a deep curse
if the oratical gallant was alive she'd say you're a bit so they gotta get
for her
okay they're gonna see a 560 W.C. we got Hank Goldberg who always gets it right baby
by what they're all says Hank will be a chueless today and then we got talking baseball with
Donnie B. we got to San Francisco you know it's the overhead that's why the phone is all screwed
up the overhead level is like really low is it set low in there or not it's okay because this
phone system that they sounds like real crap anyway talking baseball with Donnie B. at 63630 it's the
giants at the mallins baby leave on his back any interest no he's pitching for them not for us
no any interest at all okay thank you so anybody getting back to my story which there was an ending
to what it's very bizarre now keep in mind this guy knows who I am because during this great
conversation is very friendly conversation which primarily he initiated walking from the
agent with the apartment thing three weeks ago tells me he had seen the TV show bap bap bap bap bap
bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap… okay great so when somebody knows who you are which
means automatically they're not put off by the fact that you're a f*** of your f*** that
ever might be you know they're not to terrified great so now I have left Eric standing there saying
oh I see a friend of mine over there I'm gonna go say hello I have a great trip okay I walk around
Not all these people are sitting in the waiting area, about 150, 180 people waiting to get on this plane, which is finally getting there maybe.
And here's Nelson standing there with this Chinese guy, kind of almost up against the wall.
I get to within like from where I am to J.P. now, about 8-7-8 feet away, and make eye contact, and he looks at me like in the eyeball, like a pinball machine, the eyes start like that, you know.
Flashing, kind of like, ehhhhhhhhh. And I walked up and I said, yeah, I thought you disappeared from the face of the earth, but you said almost...
And he turns back to his friend, and he's blown his nose, he's got a heavy cold pneumonia, whatever he's got.
But in the meantime, they're having a great conversation. I'm standing there, standing there.
Like, you know, I'm just standing there, like leaning on the handle of my suitcase, ready to fall down on the floor.
Now, all of a sudden, I'm kind of like backing up back, and I realized on the wall in the airport, they have those big like ads, you know, those murals with fly for $99 from here to the lake or whatever.
And I realized that I'm backing into it, and I almost inside of it, you know what I'm saying? In other words, it's just like that whole thing about if you could find a hole in the ground, would you call into it?
Well, if you could find one of these things on the wall, would you back into it and kind of like disappear, like they do with the visual effects in movies or on TV, you know, or somebody backs into with aim that just goes through it, vanishes.
Do a vanishing routine.
Now, I thought this is peculiar. Strange. Really strange.
So now I see my good new friend, Eric, who at least acknowledges my existence, he's standing up there by the counter.
So I wander up there because they're going to start boarding in a few minutes anyway. The plane has arrived finally. We got all those pain in the ass passengers off. They're going to be boarding in a few minutes, and there's Eric up there.
And I'm describing to him what just happened. I said, you know, some of the strangest people in South Florida. Here's somebody that was on his plane for two and a half, three years, every week, never had a word conversation.
At a conversation three weeks ago for seven or eight minutes in a year, like my long lost best friend, hey, want to get you some maple leaf tickets, which are hard to get and very expensive. Every game is a shell off.
Bapapada. Don't even know the guy's last name. How do you get somebody tickets when you don't know somebody's last name? They have no way to communicate with you. They want to give you a full number. No sinister motive. Here. I want to do something nice for you just because I'm that kind of a guy and you're a big leaf fan. See him like a guy, you know.
Oh, you know, sometimes Eric, this and now we board the plane. As usual since I'm in first class, and I always do this 99% of the time because I know the boarding process. I'm the first one on and the first one off is close to this possible.
So I go and I sit down in my seat C3D and now come the other people coming on the plane. And here comes Nelson with his Chinese friend and they come on into Chinese guy goes back. He's obviously sitting in coach.
And Nelson comes back to where I'm sitting and standing and looks at the other seat. Slippling and standing and you know. He's sitting there in 3F next to me.
3F is in 3K. So I get up and I, you know, and he's just sitting nice and you're going to give me the money now. And he sits down and at that point, he picks up the Toronto newspapers and buries his head and puts on the headphones and is blowing his nose.
And that was basically I would say the end of the conversation. Yeah. How long does it flight? Two hours and 40 minutes once you get in the air. I'd say about three and a half hours on the plane, three 20 on the plane, over three hours. Right.
That was pretty much all of he went. Now the interesting part of it is he's got his nose buried in the newspaper. The only problem is it's 815 at night. So it's dark outside. It's getting dark and his light is not. So I reach up and hit the light. Turn his light on. He looks or thank you. You know, it really did. It was a move point. It didn't make any difference whether the light was on you following now. You're getting the picture of this.
So now I'm sitting there. I'm becoming a combination. Yeah, like that. Agitated perplexed like okay, it was it the other one. Okay. I'm a slip under each arm. Both were fine. Is it the clone? Is it the old of a purploo that may be a little whatever it is? Yeah. What could it possibly be that has changed my best no. My great new friend, Maple Leaf fan, great guy. Toronto guy.
I love the city. Liz there. What is turned him around so to speak so dramatically in the three short weeks. Hates me like poison and here I am a captive audience for three and a half hours sitting on this freaking plane.
So we get to about 20 minutes away from landing and he's kind of like knotted off snoozing. And I reach into my wallet because one thing you're not going to do is you're not going to get into an argument with somebody on a plane in the air. You know what I'm saying? I mean, say what you will.
Think what you will what I did, but you're not going to get into a argument with anybody on a plane if you're smart. Not a good idea.
So I reached into my wallet and I pulled out one of my business cards and on the back where I wrote on the back of it I wrote whatever it was.
It must have been very bad, very evil, very sinister, whatever. I put about 10 question marks after and then I put that have a great life anyway.
And I signed it near an important disease. Nelson not a shoved it on to his car as a tray under his where his where he's pretending to be asleep.
Sure enough about 10 minutes later. I'm lying there also pretending to be snoozing.
He wakes up reaches down looks at the car. Obviously he is reddit turns it over on top of the papers and proceeds to go back and put his head back on the thing.
That was the end of the conversation. That was pretty much the end of the flight. I got up and flew off at that plane at the end of the flight and that was it.
Can you explain that to me? You find that a little bit puzzling, a little bit bizarre, a little bit strange.
And I'm thinking to myself what was it? It had to be that I brushed my teeth. I didn't have a slice of pizza. I had pizza pizza yesterday afternoon.
Oh good stuff. That must have been it.
Totally. Maconon. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Oh right.
11.16 at 5.60 WQAM 5.60 7.05.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Maybe I'll have the only person this has ever happened to.
I was in a place like this, a setting like this, and somebody who knew them, who you knew knew them, just acted like you didn't even exist.
Maybe I'm evil. Maybe I'm dangerous. Maybe I'm just a miserable son of a bitch. Maybe I'm just a miserable son of a bitch.
Or a queen of a bitch. Or here's a mobile and four waterdale. Hello.
Hi Neil. Yes sir. It sounds remotely possible that he's a homophobic that didn't realize you were gay until after your last conversation is that possible.
So after a last conversation, son of a bitch, who did you heard about it in between? Is that what you're saying? Exactly.
Yeah, that could be it all the way. Find it very difficult to believe that any guy, a young guy especially from Toronto, could be homophobic.
There's more queens in Toronto than they have in England. Well, it sounds pretty bizarre. It sounds like the only likely possible to be named.
That's why it's me. Let me take care. Thank you. Well, you know, somehow I'll survive. I know this may come as a great shock. I may survive life will go on, but it's just struck me as being really so typical of a...
And I guarantee you one thing. In fact, here's my suggestion. Here's my best suggestion, whether it's in public, whether it's the airport, whether it's in the barber shop, you know, just go the other way.
I don't exist. Everybody's a lot better off that way, you know. What are the color things that you would probably use? Use for what? Make-believe tickets.
I didn't get a many make-believe tickets. I was wondering what are they talking about. I made an offer he couldn't refuse. Here you go. I'll be having it in the airport.
Leave Spain. It looks like it's like people who drive Corvettes. It's like a club. And when you're riding on a... No, seriously, when you got a nice new Corvette or even if somebody's got a nice stingray, they're driving on highway.
And you know, you way, you give them a thumbs up, you wave whatever you nod. And it's... There's a thing. There's a camaraderie.
And here's somebody down here who... Not only is only a hockey fan, which is hard to find. Here's somebody that's a Leafs fan, allegedly a Died in a Wolf fan.
You know? We're talking about Joe Bowen. We're talking about this about the Great Sports Section in Toronto's Sun. Great.
Okay? But somewhere along the line in those intervening three weeks, I turned into a monster of the midway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. And where do you want that stadium, huh? Let's find out. Which of those six sites do you want? You want number one?
Joe. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Okay. Nice talking to you too. Here it is on three. Hello?
Hello. Yes, sir. Maybe he noticed that you weren't getting inside his pants and he didn't want to talk to you.
I got news for a pal. He must have a high opinion in himself. I wouldn't touch him with your hand or your mouth.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T while it's not... It's not interesting. Another one of your people, by the way. Another Julio there. That's all they know.
Medicone, medicone, medicone, medicone. Not interested. In addition to which, you know, it's kind of interesting. I must be awfully slow.
If that was the case, wouldn't you think that I'll awfully slow? It took me two and a half, maybe three years to finally getting one to putting the move on his sky.
Boy, I must be starting to get real slow in my whole day. Just a real slow, methodical approach. If I lived to be 100, just maybe. Of course, by that hill be so old, I wouldn't touch him anyway.
Forget it Nelson. You ain't my type sweetheart. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello?
Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. That is true about the Corvette I used to have one. Whenever you see it on the Corvette, they always wave to you.
Right. And I didn't know what that was until somebody told me, yeah, that's like a hidden secret. You're supposed to wave to it.
I thought they were hitting on me too. You know, the painters are playing an exhibition game here in Fort Myers.
Yeah, I do know that. Are you going to come? No. I got to take it for you. No chance. Why? I don't go to exhibition games. Maybe Nelson will go.
Maybe Nelson will go, but will he talk to me? What? Will he talk to me? Yeah, that's up to you, baby. Just don't get too close.
All right. We'll see you in four minutes. Okay. Hold your breath. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
well, with
and extremely overprotective and maybe people are talking to you.
You know what I'm saying? Maybe a little bit or like that, a little...
I don't know.
All right, I'm a man.
Okay.
Wow.
Or if that's the case.
Hmm.
I mean, don't give you wrong.
You're a lot of very very fine looking Chinese men and women.
Believe me, this was not one of them.
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the 18D wireless line.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Maybe the problem is that they know that New York is a hot dog jockey.
Oh what?
Hot dog jockey.
Oh hot dog jockey, okay.
Want to make sure we got a right to pick.
56670560, 0560 on the 18D wireless line.
Hot dog jockey.
Say it right.
Yeah, you can get to where that...
Jockey, jockey, you can say it.
What do you say?
Hot dog, yucky.
Yeah, yucky.
I wonder if this kid's wearing his yucky shorts.
Here's the mobile in North Miami. Hello.
Hi Neil, how are you?
Okay sir.
I had a quick question maybe give me some insight.
What is this thing everybody has the topic of the stadiums has come up you know a lot of times.
And it always seems like everybody's asking for a new stadium here and all that.
I mean is that the number one thing that they really really want all these owners?
I mean aren't they just happy playing out of pro player?
Of course he's not happy out playing out of there.
What do we write that?
If you had a restaurant and you can get somebody else the public to come along and build you on three times as big and glitchy and glamorous
where you could make ten times the money, are you going to say no?
Well it doesn't get like a taxpayer like you know we're all taxpayers.
But sir but you don't understand you're not...
It's an in-conversation.
You're asking me what the owners want, the owners want whatever they can squeeze out of the public and the municipal politician.
That's what they want whatever they can get they'll take it.
And we keep on ambition it out.
No we don't.
Well we better not.
No better not.
You watch.
Sir my prediction if this thing gets on a ballot it will lose so overwhelmingly it'll make the penny sales tax look like a happy day for Mayor penis.
I'm serious I want to see how this thing comes up.
One last question you ever get tired of old people making an issue of your homosexuality all the time?
I mean I got a comment because I mean you are probably one of the most masculine homosexuals that I've experienced.
You know in talking too.
Yes.
And it's just...
Come on give me a break already.
You know it's like why is it always...
Don't you understand people have to have something.
In fact I'm so delighted that they have something to grab on and so to speak.
It's great.
You know if you say...
No seriously over the years I've always found that if I say something they don't like or you say something that's unpopular...
You're a faggot.
It's great it gives them something to hang on to them.
Delighted they've got something.
Have you gotten used to it already?
Doesn't bother me.
I take a nice big check home every two weeks.
I take a good day pal.
It's a...
Faggot.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T wireless line.
Excuse me for living folks but that's just the way it is.
Maybe someday some of you will grow up and I'm not going to hold my breath.
We're not going to wait.
March right along.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Which of the sites do you like best?
Which of the sites do I like best?
Yes.
Omaha would be good.
Omaha.
Where did middle of the country?
There are two sites that they didn't include that are better than the six.
Sir, like Hank said on Friday the last thing I'm going to do is listen to a bunch of proposals
that aren't even on the list.
I mean that's such a waste of time.
That is such an unbelievable extraordinary waste of time.
I don't like any of the sites.
Don't you understand?
As it says on a multiple choice, none of the above.
You got it so far.
None of the above.
No.
One of the above.
Right.
None.
No to number one.
No to number two.
No to number three.
No to number four.
No to number five.
No.
No.
That's my favorite choice.
No.
And then this line is about how well he'll you know he'll build it.
But if he has to build it it won't be as good.
He warns that a privately built stadium would be smaller than leave no extra money in his pocket
to improve the team by increasing its payroll.
So it's a threat.
It's a blackmail.
I'll do it.
But you don't want what I'm going to build.
It's going to be a piece of crap.
Then nobody will come to.
So you know I'm really willing to do it.
You really believe he's willing to do it?
No.
Of course not.
Why would he be willing to do it if he knows it's going to be a losing proposition?
It's just more blackmail like Wayne with that bull crap that he gave us with the Macarena.
How soon they forget.
Oh my God Wayne.
Thank God you never lied to us.
I mean I'll tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
If Robert County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility.
I will not play here.
Yeah.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
Right.
We won't say that but are they playing there?
Yeah.
Last time I checked.
Waking in the dough.
They are waking in the dough and that's arena man.
The money is pouring in.
He's squeezing every dime he can out of that Macarena there.
Out of that beautiful facility.
He's just squeezing a blood out of it.
And they're playing there because they built it for him.
That's why he's playing there.
All right.
This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come anywhere.
The Neil Rogers.
New from the makers of Uncle Josh's fishing baits and KY brand personal lubricants.
It's master bait.
Tired of using and fusing an unreliable plastic fish and lures are squirming disgusting life baits.
I'll see you in the school.
Give those long hours and a boat with no bites will you feel bored?
I'm all by myself.
It's me, Cal.
Then try new master bait.
Squeeze a little dab on your hook and end your palm and in no time you won't care if the fish are biting or not.
Oh yeah, I think it's a big one.
Yeah.
Master bait.
Order today and you'll receive a free 100% Terry Clawed Master bait signature handheld and a complimentary issue of field and stream swimsuit addition.
Don't let the big one slip between your fingers again.
But if it does, who cares?
Master bait.
A very little bass pro shot fish or vomit and projects of Hollywood.
Sounds like you mean 1131 at 560 WQA.
Oh, great Monday.
I'm not ready to share what's a great day.
I'm finally starting to make a comeback now mentally.
I just feel like I was in the twilight zone for the last 24 hours.
Maybe it's this flu.
Maybe it's the fact it was 52 degrees my hotel room on Saturday night.
I'm whatever and I fly to.
I didn't even know what night it was.
Freezing.
I mean just frigid.
Even more frigid than a reception in that airport.
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in candle.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm sorry that happened to you but I have to say I think what you're experiencing is something that probably you're not used to experiencing as much as the rest of us.
I mean, I think the non-celebrities get that a lot more than the other way around.
In other words, you go places and people you know just ignore you?
Well, you've got to admit, I mean you go in the restaurants or stores.
They know who you are.
You have a reputation and you're less likely to get that than someone like myself.
You know the average Shmo who gets the cold shoulder from the general population.
You do?
Yes, that's happened to a lot.
I'm a...
I haven't had one person call so far that can relate to this experience.
It's ever had anybody.
I'm talking to them and not somebody who's waiting on you.
I'm talking about somebody that you know.
Oh no.
Oh, this is happening.
My wife has gotten this.
My brother has gotten stuff just like this.
You know, you run into somebody that you know, I ran into somebody I went to school with years ago.
And you know, we were, I wouldn't say best friends but good friends and they're like, hey buddy.
I'm so glad to go ahead finish.
Well, you know, and it was like all of a sudden it's like, you know, did you recognize me?
Oh yeah, yeah, I remember you and it's like, you know, am I the only one?
I feel it.
Am I the only one who has a memory, who has an emotional history with people?
Yeah.
Or is it that, you know, after so many years or minutes it goes by, you just...
I mean, there's nothing like that.
Nothing like that.
Oh yeah, how are you?
Yeah, that's always good.
First of all, it doesn't do a year-ego when you're good and...
Oh, I don't have any ego so it doesn't bother me.
I have one.
Everybody has an ego and everybody likes to be liked and known and remembered, especially remembered.
I think that's, you know, that's the important part.
But I mean, I'm not the disparage you in any way, shape or form, but I just tend to think that somebody
more of a celebrity position gets this less.
So when you get it, you probably feel it more.
Okay.
That's just my opinion.
Okay, thanks.
You know, he brought back to mind, the fact that when I was in...
I was when I had my stroke years ago, a 10, 11 years ago, I had very minor stroke,
and I was in plantation general for a couple of days.
And lo and behold, it comes to find out a guy who I grew up with, we were kids,
he was... I was living in Canada, we were here with the man in Houston, New York,
we're just a few miles away, and do I say his name on here?
No.
Dr. Morris, I want to say his name on here.
But anyway, we grew up together, we were best of friends.
And he was a doctor in this hospital.
I was in there.
He wasn't a doctor having anything to do with treating me, but he was working in the hospital.
Did he come by and say anything?
No.
Check on me?
No.
For any strings to give me some...
No.
Med him and his wife had called a race track one day.
After years and years and years, met them out there to track.
My late friend Bill Carter was there, met these folks very friendly.
It's great to see you.
We met a few races.
Oh, we got to get together and so on, gave him my phone number.
Not only did I never hear from them, but one day I met my old bank out there in plantation
when I was living at... or further east.
I'm at the bank, and here comes my old friend Dr. Morris from Brant Manchest in New York,
and he's also taking money out of the ATM.
And I give him a big reading.
Hey, how you doing?
And it's like, eh, I got a bad call.
And looking straight ahead.
Just like the guy on the plant, looking straight ahead, takes the money out.
Say, uh, gone.
Like, I never existed.
Like, I never existed.
Somebody I grew up with.
Not that, you know, I mean, it makes no difference to me.
Doesn't hurt my feelings.
I just find it strange that people go out of their way to be A.
Anti-social and B.
To try to inflict on each other.
What's the point?
There are people who drive me nuts.
I'll go shopping this last guy who thinks it's such a picnic to be recognized.
I got news for your pal.
And an identity beats being recognized by a million miles.
There's no comparison.
Being anonymous is the greatest thing in the world.
And there are people, I mean, like at the hockey games, most people, 99% of the people,
how you doing, love your show, what do you think of the game?
30 seconds, a minute, two minutes, whatever.
I've made some nice friends out there.
They hockey fans, et cetera.
Talk for a few minutes before most of the games.
That's fine.
But every now and then, somebody will call along, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
They don't know what to get out of your face.
They don't want to say goodbye.
So if you think that being known is such a great benefit,
yeah, if you're getting free meals, that's great.
That's what J.P. says.
Getting free meals.
That's what it's all about.
Right, Brad?
You bet.
We're trying to teach him on the fact that he's going to be getting his diploma this Friday in freeloading 101.
We're here for J.P.
We finally taught him the ins and eouts.
How to freeload a meal.
Delicately do it with a little bit of class, pinnosh.
Do it the right way.
Don't just say, hey, send us over a bunch of crap, okay?
I'm a big shot.
I'm from the Neorodger show.
Don't do that.
Cut off and say, hey, buddy, how you doing?
Having a good day?
Great.
Here's what Neal would like today.
Neal, you know, I mean, Neal, Neal.
He's a bit hoser.
He eats too much.
Here's what he wants.
That fat pig.
Send him over like four pizzas.
Send him over 20 or 30 summaries.
That would just, and maybe that'll satisfy the queen, you know, whatever.
That's the way to do it.
It's a little bit classed.
Well, I'll tell you, I wish I'd give anything if I had people
are strange by the doors.
I have it at home.
I don't have it here because that's what I'm thinking today.
What in God's name?
Why?
Why? Why?
Not just keep your mouth shut, okay?
Just get on a plane mind you old business.
I'm not seeking anybody else out.
I'm not looking for any conversation.
I want to get out of here, go to my car, drive home, and that's it.
That's all.
Woof!
Vizzolo!
Hi, Elliot.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Long time, listen, there was Chicronic over here.
Yeah, and I know.
Oh, you know, okay, great.
Why, we don't know that voice.
I know you don't know that voice.
I have controlled myself for many of my-
Yeah, you've been good.
I wanted to talk to you real quick, because I know how
it's like to be, you know, well, you're under the scrutiny of criticism
when you're a popular figure.
Yeah.
And that's one of the things you have to live with, whether you like it or not.
You have to live with the scrutiny of criticism from other people.
What is that more criticism about what?
People don't like your show, maybe people don't like you.
Maybe they secretly love your show, but they're envious.
There's a lot of-
This guy loved my show, even the TV show, and anybody who loves the TV show,
while you make a good point, you probably had bad taste.
That was a horrible show.
Well, he was just probably an A-hole then.
Yeah.
And as simple as that, there's no second-
there's no second story to that.
But, I mean, let me ask you this.
If you're sitting next to somebody on the plane, okay?
I mean, you fly, right?
Yeah.
Okay. You're sitting like you're going to New York, you're going to Boston two and a half, three hour trips.
You're sitting next to somebody on the plane and saying,
somebody, you know, not a good friend, not somebody who's close, but somebody you know.
Are you going to sit there and ignore them for three hours?
No, that will definitely not happen with me.
I will least say a little bit about-
This is the most unacceptable, most bizarre, the most inexplicable, the most obnoxious piece of behavior,
and especially coming from somebody from Toronto, which the people up there are the
some of the friendliest people I've ever met in the world are unbelievably great.
The guy was just either incredibly shy to say something or he was just a total A-hole.
There's only two stories to that.
That's the only reason-
There's no reason to psychologically analyze it.
This guy was an A-hole who was just too embarrassed to say hello to you.
One of the two.
And by the way, about those hockey tickets-
No.
Yeah.
Okay, listen, have a great day.
Hey, yeah.
One more thing.
Are you closing, please?
And closing, you're killing me.
A real quick, these Cubans that are-
No, I'm not kidding.
The ones who are struggling people over here.
There's smuggling people over here and they got arrested in Cuban if you got arrested here for-
I don't see the Cubans protesting about that.
Yeah.
About my correct?
Well, when we build a new stadium down there at Bison Tennial Park, what we're going to be able to do is roll a whole bunch of people off the protest out on this game, Boulevard, and roll them right into the stadium and fill up some of those seats.
Get them over there.
Have a great day.
Okay, take care.
Everybody.
Okay, 20 before the hour.
Who the hell is that?
Is that John Penis behind the sunglasses when that cap on trying to do his skies today or what?
By the way, what is that?
What did you do?
He went sidewalk surfing.
Oh, man!
Jesus, we got fat boy this morning.
He looked like he ran into a lawnmower.
And John Penis who looked like a 90-year-old man.
I thought for a minute it was a cross between Egor and Todd Dreck.
I'm sorry, that was a little, a little, a little.
By the way, what happens to the counts?
It looks like cats out there.
Todd Dreck.
You know which one to.
What did I tell you?
How many weeks ago did I predict it?
Okay, and that's what happens, John Penis.
When you don't service your accounts, you get them any copy.
That's what happens.
You know, the electronic products and appliances you wanted to price you can afford are waiting for you.
And appliance TV Depot, that's what that store is all about.
That's why John got his head buried on the table.
And beat that Gator Mee.
Redneck, militia members, survivalists.
When you're ready to start that new country and you need an embassy to impress your followers,
come out the ads, White Trash Trailer Park.
Ed is over two acres of quality new and used mobile home.
Zeblewads for those militant groups who expect the long siege by the ATF.
Plenty of storage space for supplies and illegal weapons.
So before you barricade yourself up, come by Ed's White Trash Trailer Park.
And remember, if you're married to your sister, you get 25% off.
They're dead on how and not.
All right, 1145 at 560 WQM, 5607 0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I think that guy was very much mistaken.
I think that you have to talk to about what?
4,000 people?
Well, you said that you had it happen to you.
The, just totally ignored and shined by somebody that you knew.
Was that like after a date rape, something like that?
5607 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, that'd be cause for it.
In a couple of weeks, not speaking.
Here's a Fort Waterdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
That's good.
Yeah, I kind of understand what you're talking about there, because a good friend of mine,
enough to say New York, you know, a lot of his friends in Heisman went on to be, you know, managers
and computer programmers and things like this.
And this guy just wound up working in a million.
He's got a nice family and things like that.
Yeah.
And every time I get a chance to go up there, I see him.
And, you know, my other friends and things, and they always tell me, you don't want to hang out with this guy.
He's going nowhere.
Go down to Sarah Toggle with us.
There's something like this.
And meanwhile, this guy, he's one of the truest friends I ever had in my life.
Yeah.
I enjoy his company.
These people, these other people, these professionals, they want to go down to Sarah Toggle or Lake George
and keep on their lives and get hotels on the strip and things like this.
And this guy embodies everything that is great, you know, about the marriage institution
and the love of his family and things like that.
And they just don't, you know, it's like they want to associate him.
It's like, you know, sometimes they, you know, they see him and they get into a conversation.
They wouldn't know if they were talking about me to laugh at him and things.
You know, I said, no, I just, I told him no.
I don't want to be with you.
The part of the problem that I find is that my, I have a very different idea about people.
And I don't find too many people who understand where I'm coming from.
Even the people who know me the best, I don't think understand where I'm coming from.
In other words, I get attracted to people, I'm not talking about sex, okay?
I can find all the people and the sex, that's another story.
But I'm just talking about people that you like that you have something common with.
People you think, hey, this is a really good guy, this is a nice person.
And, you know, and I don't find too many people who are like that.
Right. And they don't get it.
Yes, it's so funny.
Everybody thinks you're looking for something.
Exactly.
Like, Bokeh Brown has been here looking for money today and forget that.
No check.
All right.
Well, that's all I had to say, Neil.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Yeah, well, I have a great thing.
Yeah, no check for Bokeh Brown today.
If he thinks that after getting home at midnight last night, I got any check for him.
He's doing it.
He better turn around and go back home and get a haircut.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Count 5, 60 on it.
Oh, he's not speaking to me now either.
No check.
He's just ran out.
That's okay.
I understand.
Maybe I was supposed to bring those season tickets last night.
That's what it was.
Yeah.
Those maple leaf season tickets right there, those platinum.
That would be good.
About 4 or 5 of them would be okay.
Here's the route.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
Hi, yeah.
I was just going to tell you, and I think you just mentioned it now in the last call.
It's pretty, probably pretty much, from this understanding.
The guy probably took your interest in him wrong or something.
After two and a half years?
Yeah.
That's the point of things.
This has happened to me.
It's happened to my brother.
I don't know the way we've been brought up that if we like somebody, we do things for him.
And now my brother does go a little overboard.
But I've had that experience where people just quit talking to me.
And you know, I thought, well, what did you do wrong?
And I asked him, well, I do wrong and they never tell you.
Well, I don't want to know what I did wrong.
Well, I don't think I did anything wrong.
And if somebody don't like me, put them away.
I just want to be put in that position.
In fact, I'll make sure it never ever happens again.
I don't want to be in position to feel uncomfortable.
Like all of a sudden I'm intruding on somebody's space.
What I'm saying?
Like, how long are you doing?
Ah, yeah, like, oh, that's the leper over there.
Get away from me.
We might catch something, you know?
Well, that's what I was thinking.
What's that giant show on your lip?
The guy did know that you were going to get them tickets or something, right?
Right.
But you had to go look for him or something?
No, no.
If you're going to have somebody left tickets and will call at a ball pocket and you have to know the person's name.
And they have to be able to get in touch with you or vice versa so that in other words, they can't show up there and say,
hey, my name is Nelson, you got some tickets for me?
It doesn't work that well.
And I'm assuming that was going to take place in a later conversation.
But of course, there is no later conversation.
I don't pick them.
And I'll take my own guide, then.
You said he didn't know the show, so he should know you were gay.
Of course.
And the only other thing I could think of was that, you know, but he should know, but he thought maybe you were hitting on him or something.
And that's why it sounded like to me that a lot of times when these things have happened to me, it's because the other person was a woman or something and they thought it was hitting on him or something.
And you know, and I'm having like second thoughts now after all these years of experience that somebody did something really nice.
And I was always for me in a store.
And I thought they went beyond the call of their job to help me out.
And they were very nice.
So when I went back there another time, I gave them a book that I designed.
But then every time I go in there, I just wave hello and everything, but I try to stay away from them because I don't want them to get the impression that I'm trying to get something from them.
And that's kind of not, you know, it's not nice because I'd like to have another conversation with the person.
But you know, it's something I have to do and let them decide to come to me and say something to me.
Oh, I don't have time for people to play games.
I have no room in my life for that and they'll let him move on.
Okay, let him come and talk to wonderful people that will do a lot of great things for them and have a great life.
And that's it.
Right, I get on my face.
I think to people too, you know, I mean for people.
And this is just my way of saying thanks, but I don't expect anything from it, you know.
Okay, and that's the problem.
Oh, and that's what you'll get.
Okay, everything.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T Wild Slime, there's an old saying in life, expect nothing and you'll rarely be disappointed.
Expect the least and they'll usually live up to your expectations.
That's a book of Brian says every week when he brings his new material and expect the least.
Here's Miami Beach, hello.
And you'll how you do it.
Okay, sir.
I'm going to add a little something to this, I hope some of this may be, although certainly not all of it.
The fact that Webberd is may have forgotten the other person's name.
And he's embarrassed to talk to him because he just can't remember his name.
No.
Okay, and they not have happened in your situation, but that probably is a reason it happens in others.
They just can't remember, or maybe the guy comes over and starts talking to him and the fellow who's being talked to says,
I cannot remember this guy's name.
No.
And tries to cut the car.
Definitely not.
And it wouldn't make any difference.
It's not necessary.
Because you should say, I can't remember who we are or what have you.
He can't remember who I am.
No, no, no.
Maybe he's got young Alzheimer's.
Maybe he's got young Alzheimer's.
He could be.
Yeah.
You know, they see celebrities and they just boom.
It just goes right out of their mind, the name of the person they're seeing.
Even though they may listen to them every day.
See them on TV or that.
Yeah.
I'd have had all the attention to conversation with them, right?
Just vanish.
But that reason they're a bit embarrassed.
They're ashamed to ask somebody who they listen to every day.
See on TV or whatever.
You guys just can't remember your name.
No.
No.
I know what you're talking about, but that's not the case here.
Right.
I know it may not be.
Just wanted to introduce that into the conversation.
That's a good point.
I have that happen because I'm real good on faces, but it real allows you on name.
And yet, does happen.
It happens to me a lot.
So, you know, I kind of thought of that.
Okay. Thanks.
Thank you.
What's your name?
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
That is embarrassing.
That's another whole topic.
All the time that happens to me.
I mean, because I meet so many people in here.
And after a while, some of them start all running together, you know.
They look alike.
They smell alike.
They act alike.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
I just wondered if there are two things.
First of all, it happened to me once.
I sent some strange dynamic between the person I was seated next to,
even though it was a stranger by the line, which in all that,
I immediately asked to move my seat.
Really?
Well, the fact that he was coughing is sneezing all over you.
And you weren't comfortable.
I mean, the dynamic was weird.
Was there another person that seemed to be...
No, the plane was packed.
And when I saw him come on there, and he's going to sit down next to me,
I'm thinking to myself, after the ice core reception out in the goddamn waiting area there,
this is going to be a disaster.
This is going to be a nightmare.
Exactly.
That was my point.
And it immediately would have occurred to me to request particularly in first place.
But there was no other place to go.
I'm a wing.
The wing was the only place in here he used to go out there.
I didn't know that.
I understand.
He was by the window.
I guess a little sharp.
He could have gone out close to the wing, but didn't work out.
You should have pushed him out the window.
Yeah, good point.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As the lemma of the day, I mean, nobody here seems to give a crap about that stadium stuff.
We're talking to understand because it ain't going to happen anyway.
They just keep that one word in mind.
No.
Now they're all concerned about...
There it is.
That's what they're concerned about.
Here's Key Largo.
Hello.
Key Largo.
Three minutes and 14 seconds.
Is that a long time to wait?
No.
They're gone.
Let's try Miami.
Hello.
Okay, great.
Nice talking to you too, sweetie.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Turn that down.
Turn that down, damnit.
Turn it down, damnit.
Turn it down, guys, damnit.
Oh, that's what he told me.
Yeah.
Turn it down.
Damnit.
What can we do for you, sir?
Just listen, driving along a turnpike, man.
Never heard anything like this.
Like what?
Like a show.
Yeah.
And...
Like a church.
What is it?
Like a church.
What language are you speaking, sir?
What kind of a phone have you got?
I wonder if you got it.
Correct them.
What is it?
Okay, I'll see you in church.
Whatever the hell he's talking about.
Like that.
Bad phone day all the way around.
The cell phones are bad.
Our phone system, our crevice phone system is crap enough.
Of course it is Monday.
Don't expect too much.
And of course do we have any women on this topic?
No.
No, not one.
If we talk to a woman today, it's not one.
That's okay.
We understand that you know nothing about human relationships.
About being civilized.
The top of your streaming or lack of response on this show.
Today, yesterday, a week from Sookas tomorrow,
five weeks from Tisha Boat, every day of my life.
It's always the same.
And that's okay.
I don't take it personal.
Because who cares?
Sookablying just says, how about a hand job?
That's a moment.
That's what you think you think you are.
I'm a head for the worst lottery day.
I don't want to get that.
Get that.
Get that.
Get that.
Get that.
You're like debts.
Wherever comes home, much of getting the garland piece.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
You're with it on you.
It's the tracks, they kind of fit their body.
With theMaybe Romanian and Ukrainian soul.
With theUBweBre Hammer Barrirja R.
We used to do it.
what you want in the end. Here's the mobile and cross-spring. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
In the end. Yes, sir.
I got you. I think I know what happened.
Okay, here we go. Here's the definitive answer, folks.
It is. Okay. First, I'll tell you this.
All right. I'm straight, which I know you don't believe because you think no one's straight.
Well, when you come up with that,
well, you everybody that you as ever mentioned, you think they're gay.
No. Or at least by.
No.
All right. So I'll tell you what you're doing.
I know Ricky Martin's straight.
Yeah, he's straight.
I've been seeing him on the side.
You there? I'm listening.
I thought you hung up on me. No.
All right. What would I do with that?
I'm going to give you a minute of a matter here.
I'm going to tell you what happened to me recently.
I go to this gym. I work out.
There's this guy that's always been. He always works out.
He's in good shape and all that stuff. He's always talking to me.
Yeah.
So I realized one day I said, you know something that guy's gay.
I'd ever even thought about it at first.
Uh-huh.
So every time I see the guy at the gym, he's, hey, what are you doing, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
So I go in one day and I see him there and I thought,
you didn't see me, oh, he says, hey, do me.
So I go over there and I give him a hero's welcome.
Hey, what are you doing, man?
And he's like, really quiet.
We didn't even look at me.
Really?
Oh, yeah. So I'm like, what the heck happened to him?
So the same thing I thought, I did something to piss this guy off.
What did I do? I don't even know the guy.
Uh-huh.
Now I look over two minutes later and he's working out with this other guy
with his boyfriend.
He's afraid to talk to me because his boyfriend's there.
That other guy with him was probably his boyfriend.
The guy with Nelson, two of the Chinese guy was sitting in the back in coach.
Oh, oh, oh, oh. I thought you said that you saw them.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
They were standing together in the terminal.
Yeah.
That wasn't his boyfriend. Jesus.
God almighty. He's got to have better eyesight than that.
How the hell do I know what this Chinese guy looked like?
Believe me. You don't want to know.
Anyways, the second theory is there.
I would say I would ever have eggful young.
That was this guy.
You don't have to follow him after the second chewing.
Yeah. You're always hungry an hour later.
Right.
All right, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
That's what happens when you do a Chinese guy.
You're hungry an hour later, right?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Court, court.
05, 60 on the mobile one line.
God.
Where is this all coming from?
And where does it end?
I thought we had a woman on there a moment to go and she...
Oh, she wasn't going to wait more than like five seconds.
Excuse us. Excuse us, sweetheart.
Yeah, we had a woman on there and she flew away before you could say...
Crap.
Much less thinking about taking one.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Excuse us.
Is it one of these that says, oh it is. It's a bouquet. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good afternoon to you.
Vegas, Friday.
Great.
I'm taking my tax money that's going to go towards a baseball stadium.
And I'm going to spend it in Vegas.
Right. That's it. Give it to the people in Vegas.
At least they gave us a good time instead of some horse ball baseball team that nobody wants to see.
They got to come out in Vegas or watch them rather than the mollons.
Right.
Real quick though, going out there first time, is there one thing I should see?
No.
No? Okay. Just take it all.
Just walk out on the strip and go nuts.
Take it all in.
Yeah. Okay. I appreciate it.
Okay. Thank you. Have a great time. Good luck.
Thanks.
Keep us in mind.
560-050560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in sunrise. A lady.
Hey, Neil. I've been trying to reach here in like bits and pieces of your show, but I hear you picking on the women so I had a call and then defend them.
Yeah. The women are not interested in this topic today.
And it really has to do with the possible social relationships.
That's, oh, what's your problem? I didn't hear you.
I'm not going to repeat the whole part from the first...
I'll just say a couple of pieces of it. I heard you met a guy Eric, then there was some training inside, then you were in first class.
I've been in out of my car about 30 times today.
Yeah. Where's Eric?
You met a guy, Eric Cohen.
You're Eric Cohen? Yeah.
Eric Cohen from London, right?
Yeah, I'm just not answering the whole thing and I just wonder in what was your relationship conflict.
What was my what?
Your problem. What's the relationship problem?
You want women's advice. None of the women are calling in, so I'm calling in.
Yeah. Okay. Thanks.
5.6. I know she wants me to repeat the whole guy name show for her. I'm not going to do it.
I don't I don't do that here. I'm not going to go through that whole story.
It was a great story. It was a bizarre story, but I didn't, I thought a masterful job of laying it out there for you.
And now she wants me to read like all women. Oh, give me, give me, give me, give me.
I'll give you a dial tone so we'd arc it out of here.
Bitch.
5.6.705.60, pound five like her.
She doesn't even know what we're talking about, but she's a woman and so therefore her advice is going to be so valuable and she's going to have such tremendous insight as to what a jackass I am or whatever the problem was that she's, she's going to,
oh, what am I getting exercised about? I'm so sorry I even brought this up.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Neil.
Probably what her husband says. Yes, sir. How are you?
Great.
I've got the answer for you.
It's happened a minute, a couple of times.
Okay.
I was on an airplane and the guy beside me was exceptionally nice to me.
And this has happened a couple of times.
Yeah.
Throughout the conversation, extremely nice guy coming to find out the guy is trying to sell me amway.
So maybe he thought you were trying to sell him amway products.
Yeah.
Maybe that was it.
Yeah. Most guys that do a radio shows are selling amway products.
Well, you know, on the side, make a few bucks on the side.
Maybe that was it.
Okay.
All right. Bye.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
That's what I was trying to do with selling my line of herbal vitamins just when he least expected it.
Here you go.
Oh, lowly $50,000 for this line.
And they're banging again and clanging down here.
I'm not going to be able to survive with that.
They're banging and clanging.
I'm just hanging on by a thread here today.
Hang it on by a very razor thin thread.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Oh, you're coming.
Mobile in Miami.
Very new.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think I got the answer for you, big guy.
You know what?
You said that you went up to the counter and tried to get him on an upgrade or something like that?
No, no, I didn't say I went up to the counter.
I said I had talked to somebody that I know worked at the airline and tried to get him upgraded
than the flight that we were supposed to be going the following week when he said he was going back
and I already had my reservation.
What if he heard about that?
Don't you think that may have turned him off?
That could be it because I know it would remain.
By trying to guarantee somebody's upgrade that you knew was already flying and sometimes didn't get bumped up.
Right.
I mean, there's point of a pride issue here.
It's like saying, you know, you're a big shark.
You're trying to get me upgraded or who am I, you know?
That I'm thinking I heard it from the start to finish and I'm saying there's nothing makes sense except the possibility that guy said,
you know, maybe he's meddling in my business a little too much and maybe got a friend of him.
Huh.
If he heard about it.
You know what?
No, it doesn't make sense.
You know what?
What's that?
Tough crap then.
Hey, I agree with you.
I would take the upgrade.
I'll bet you wouldn't.
So what anybody else with a brain, right?
Right.
Okay, pal.
Good point.
Thanks.
Hey, how about if we stick you back in cargo?
How's that?
I'll take care of it for the next flight, pal.
Yeah.
You'll be back there with a guy named a little animals and those little cages.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
God.
Oh.
People who make life complicated could be so simple.
Just straightforward, honest.
In fact, the best deal is, hey, get away from me.
Go to hell.
I don't want to see you.
Okay, great.
Excuse me.
Move on.
Now move straight to the fact that you're so.
Your daughter and the daughter of the tattooing pole.
Oh.
He said, honey, touch money for you.
When you pick them, they back into the bribe with you.
We'll hand down.
Hand down.
Hand down.
That's it, that's it.
We'll hand down.
Take your clothes off, Jesus.
I'm not holding it down, I can do this.
Thinking of a big roll of his fat.
He'd only buy the film if he tell where it's at.
Hand down.
Hand down.
Hand down.
That's it, this hand down.
Hand down.
Kind of a big fat guy.
He know how to make the ball, but it's right.
Back side takes with the shower in the house.
We're going to need the biscuits on top of the towel.
Hand down.
Hand down.
Hand down.
How young is Pugia?
Hand down.
Hand down.
Hand down.
Squared, squirt.
Okay, 1215 at 560 WQM.
I'm saying a book of Brian brings me in the card that ties in.
He brought this in, not for this reason, but it ties in perfectly.
What we're talking about today.
I just think that people are living in the 20th century, and most of them in this country,
they're maybe in this continent, they're living in the Stone Age.
This is a business card from WGBS Larry Knight, WGBS program.
I was talking about him a couple of weeks ago, and we find out that he died, I don't know, 11 years ago, 12 years ago,
Jefferson pilot broadcasting, and Brian had been applying for a job 1984.
Now here's the guy Larry Knight.
I work with him at WSDR Sturgis Michigan, and then we work together.
We went from there, about three of us, to WTPS in Kalamazoo Michigan.
And not only did I work with Larry Knight, I lived within twice.
He was my roommate, obviously in the separate room, but nevertheless, we lived in the house,
and then we lived in the townhouse in Kalamazoo.
He comes to Miami at this point, I think 84, I would have been here eight years already.
Working at GBS, I'm at snooze, or at IMZ, whatever I am.
Did he ever call?
No.
Get in touch with me?
No.
Take any contact? No.
See, there's that Fag thing again.
There's that Fag thing again.
Wow.
You might be pressed about that? No.
See, my philosophy about that is, FM.
You know, if that bothers them, if that's too bad, grow up, get a life.
That is amazing that he would bring in that card.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
In listening to most of what you've had to say, because I think I caught you, not completely on the story,
I think two things. One, not very many people, especially in Miami, in the airport,
are very forthcoming, forthcoming and genuine from the standpoint of relating to other people.
That's number one.
I think there's a lot of people coming in Miami, airport, but usually late at night, good anyway.
Yeah. Well, that's another thing.
Yeah. But I think the guy looked at you, known who you were.
Yeah.
And you eventually thought that you were being too nice, and it hit Operio Motives.
Period.
And if he's listening today, which I hope he is,
I doubt that. I don't think so.
You don't think so?
Well, I think if he happens to be, the other problem with him was, he was too immature to say to you that he would have a problem.
If he were, if what you were doing for him, or if he were taking something.
I mean, see the bottom line to all of this is here, I mean, scrape everything else away.
Yeah.
Here in this bastion of hockey stupidity, and I think people listen to the show,
know that the Toronto Maple Leafs, I've been a relief fan for 40 years,
it's a very, very, very important thing to me. It's in my blood, I live and die,
blue and white, okay?
Yeah. And I find somebody who is from up there, who's a major fan,
who can talk about it intelligently, who really follows it,
and I'm thinking to myself, what all we're talking about here is a few hockey tickets,
that's all we're talking about, okay?
I am a financial element. I eventually get your last name,
I give you my phone number, or you give me my, your phone number,
somehow we make an arrangement to contact.
I call up Rimmer, he calls up Rick Wamsley, his friend up there with Elise,
get leaves some tickets in your name.
I don't ever have to see again. Here are some tickets to go see some hockey games,
enjoy them, have a great time, go leave school, that's all this amounts to,
and right away it's like, oh, there's something sinister going on.
Amateur guy, man, just another, yeah.
Another amateur apart.
Well, too bad. And on top of all of that, he's probably really did think
he was trying to set him up to come on to him.
I was doing what?
That you were trying to come on to him?
Come on to him?
Yeah.
Boy, he sure has a high lapim himself, I'll tell you that.
Yeah, but, you know,
You guys 26 or 7 years old, to owe for me.
Yeah, but he didn't know that.
Well, you know, but,
I, you know, I should walk around with,
would like those buttons or like with a card,
if somebody, see somebody like that and start a conversation,
he starts getting nervous, I hold up the button,
or put it on, hey, don't worry, you're too old for me.
Yeah, but see that, I think it was an issue of amateur,
don't hit the part.
Oh, I think you're right on it, man.
Yeah, okay, man.
Thank you.
Okay, anybody else wants some tickets?
No.
Now, he gave Joe Costello all my dolphin tickets,
except for the ones with the bills.
Yeah, uh-oh, he's a peanut in his pants in the other room right now,
right in the middle of another free lunch.
I'm not touching him.
No, I mean,
and I'll be honest with you,
and I like Joe Costello, he's one of my favorite people in this building, okay?
He's a great guy, even JP, you hate JP,
but, well, I don't want to start that business with your ex-girlfriend.
Well, she hated Joe.
Which is why they split up, by the way,
it was not argument about Joe Costello,
and that's a good reason to break up.
How could anybody not like Joe,
unless they hate auto-reason?
But anyway, there's a guy giving my dolphin tickets,
and right away, I mean, do I want sex from Joe Costello?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, not this week, not next week, maybe on a desert island after about 30 years.
You know what I'm saying?
Now Jason, on the other hand, even after 30 years, the answer is still,
no, you're safe.
But these people, and you know, I get a lot of that,
and you can tell.
You can tell, like when I go out and do those appearances,
and young guys will come out to the appearances,
and some of them will like hover it back.
They don't want to come too close,
like they're going to catch something,
like it's going to rub off,
or like I'm really going to get all excited
and start squeezing myself if I see them.
And most of the people who behave like that,
I wouldn't touch with your fingers,
with the tip of your tongue.
I wouldn't get anywhere near them.
I have no interest whatsoever.
They're about as arousing as a big heaping pile of elephants.
Try it, okay?
But God, there are a lot of people out there
that take to the hottest damn thing since fried halava.
And they're not.
Woof!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm going to get my brains back together.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, the last call I was right on,
you're just too good, too nice a person.
You know, and somebody to get hockey tickets
and be treated so royally.
I do stuff like that routine.
I do things like that routinely, okay?
I'll give you an example.
See, I don't want to bring that approach on here,
because then it sounds like I'm patting myself on the back
and aren't I a wonderful guy.
But like yesterday,
it was my roommate's birthday, okay?
August 8th was his 36th birthday.
I'm out of town for the weekend.
He didn't go on this trip.
So I leave him a card,
and I leave him a check in there,
and believe me, there were three zeros in a check.
It was a nice check.
A good amount of money.
You know, and we don't have a sexual relationship.
He's a very good friend.
We lived together for seven and a half years.
He's a great guy.
That's just the way I am with people.
If I can afford it, I like to spread the wealth.
Right, but Neil, most people aren't.
I guess there is nobody else like that.
No, no, I mean, I'm sort of like you are.
But most people aren't.
And so they're suspect.
Well, school.
So this guy, it sounds like he had a little more in Toronto.
Okay, great.
I wish I could have left that on the year he said I screwed the crap out of him.
Whatever, I don't care.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
It was a seven or eight minute friendship
that was lovely while it lasted.
Goodbye. Good luck to you.
Like I said, on a card, have a great life.
Get out of my face.
Go away.
Grow up someday.
Woof!
Here's Weston. Hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Oh, lady.
Oh, my God.
What is wrong with the women today?
They hate me today.
They hate me.
They hate me worse than I know from today.
And I've heard your conversation in your talk on and off today this morning.
So I haven't had the whole thing, but I didn't know that you had a situation with a gentleman
on an airplane and that you wouldn't have a little no.
Yes.
Why do you think this task can straight out well with his problems?
No, because I don't want to get into a confrontation on a plane.
It's just too uncomfortable, especially when you're going to be under another half-hour.
It would just create the hostility.
In addition to what, here's what I got out of it, going out of it is not to speak to me.
I'm not going to try to enter into a conversation.
That's true.
I figured this is just a good way to give a dig back.
Right. Right.
Did you have any knowledge or note?
Did he at least acknowledge your note?
No.
You didn't even acknowledge it?
No.
The way you have to look at it is just, you know, he's missing out on a good friendship, on a nice guy.
Good friendship.
Well, I'm sorry.
He's not a good friend.
You need the friendship.
Huh?
I said have a great day.
Thank you.
560560, count 560 on the mobile one line.
Paranoid little people.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm not working today and I heard some coworkers talking.
They mentioned something about the Pope.
I said that there was no heaven in earth.
I'm not sure if that's true.
No, he said there's no such physical places heaven in hell.
So what's going to happen then when we die?
Go to the Vatican.
Las Vegas?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm.
Okay.
5607, 0560, count 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, man.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Good.
Hey, you know what?
I think you're cold too because I listen to you show my boyfriend makes me listen to it every day.
But I think you're making too much out of this guy.
I wouldn't even think about him anymore.
So I'm not a good man.
It's not a far-through.
I'm making too much out of this guy.
It was just a very peculiar and a very unpleasant experience.
When somebody goes out of their way to be that rude to you,
that you've just got through the last time you saw the person have a really great conversation with you.
And I wonder what is your problem, man?
I hear that.
But maybe you take him on too strong to him because to me it sounded like you did a little bit.
Come on too strong to you.
Yeah, like you take it from everything because you just started talking.
You take it from everything and then after that.
So seriously, that's what I would think.
If you offered me all that, I'd be like, wow, this guy's really trying to hang out with me.
Yeah.
But I would just forget about it now.
There's so many people like that out there anyway.
Yeah.
And you want to, as far as I know, you're a nice guy.
I am.
So.
I'm a lover.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
I'm a wonderful guy.
I just asked me, am I a great guy?
Oh, no.
You bet.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Hockey tickets.
That's a real controversial thing, baby.
Free hockey tickets.
How come I have the wrong piece of copy in my hand probably because I picked it up?
Well, if we had the folders for all of this stuff, we don't want to get too, you know.
Because George is in there making up those lists for the phone company.
Oh, yeah.
And he's, he's frantic on it.
In fact, I would say 80% of the show last month, George is wetting down things on it, yellow
pad.
What's bad for you when looking for food?
Looking for a hand out?
You know, it's lunchtime and all of a sudden, that hair man, that you look like a dork.
You really do.
You look like a geek.
Not that you ever looked great, but I mean, this haircut, you know, they would laugh you
want a buffalo in the pew they would laugh you are right all the way down to Ferdonia.
And right down to Dunkirk and the Pennsylvania State Line, they would laugh you out of there.
Do something.
Don't do that again.
Please.
No, please don't do it.
Not until you go to work for that other place.
You go back to Canada, you two bastards.
Redneck, militiamenbers, the marvelous.
When you're ready to start that new country and you need an embassy to impress your followers,
come out to Ed's White Triastralapart.
Ed is over two acres of quality new and used mobile home.
Double wise, for those militant groups who expect a long seat by the ATF,
plenty of storage space for supplies and illegal weapons.
So before you barricade yourself up, come by Ed's White Triastralapart.
And remember, if you're married to your sister, you get 25% off.
Stay at the Ed's on Highway 9.
All right.
By the way, thanks for our good friend Chuck from the Subcenter over across the street.
Kitty Corner from us.
Do you know that Eric, who I met in the airport last night, take with us.
You know, nothing is completely bad or good.
Eric, I guess it was from the immediate area.
We knew all about the dire, stating dire.
Chuck's.
Hi, it's going to Eric.
See you again one of these days.
It's about a half an hour from a distance.
So anyway, here is an interesting thing that somebody faxes.
Scott Leader's foot amputated after sex in tree.
You see this?
In Orlando.
Let me do a lot of sex in the trees up in Orlando.
Doctors have amputated the left foot of a boy scout leader who was found hanging,
naked upside down from a tree as part of what investigators described as a solo sex act.
How do you like that?
An hour long surgery to amputate Clark Anthony gets his foot above the ankle was successful.
A spokesman for Orlando Regional Medical Center said on Friday.
Get's 42 has been hospitalized since Monday.
After a 30s found him dangling from a rope about 12 feet off the ground, blood flowed to his feet and cut off for more than 24 hours.
The left foot developed an infection that needed to be taken care of before it got worse at hospital spokesman Joel Brown.
When you deprive a part of the body of oxygenated blood for 24 to 26 hours, tissue begins to die.
Doctors ran test on Get's feet which were swollen, discolored and barely had a pulse when he was taken to the hospital.
A prosthesis would be considered.
Florida Park Service Rangers heard Get's yelling on Monday before they found him in a densely wooded area near the Lake Sumter County line.
His wife had reported him missing on Sunday after he didn't return from a bicycle trip.
His wife, how do you like that?
Here's the guy in a tree.
The other wife, you know.
Get's a tie themself from a tree but a gutten tired and couldn't pull themself up to untie the rope since Sergeant Nick Palito spoke to him for the Lake County Sheriff's Office.
His situation was captured on video camera that he set up.
Oh, let's see that.
Oh!
He was doing something sexually to himself.
I get that's his thing Palito said Tuesday.
It may have been an auto erotic situation.
Squared, squared, squared, squared, squared, squared.
Hmm.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one on it.
So you think it's boring here huh?
How'd you like to be in the Orlando in a summertime?
Here's Key Largo. Hello.
Hi.
Yes sir.
That guy's lucky he caught his foot.
Yeah, that's right.
Lucky was only his foot.
Hey man.
Hey, I think I know what the guy's problem was.
Yeah.
I think he probably between the two meetings had some sort of an
internal emission and his sleep and he woke up with the wrong thing.
Is mouth.
Uh huh.
And it's here to hell out of it.
Uh huh.
I mean, that's the only explanation.
Okay.
Here's the color red Jello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi.
Neil.
Here's a situation story I think you like.
I know a girl in the chat room and I kind of turned her under your show.
I told her Neil dot com, Neil rogers dot com whatever.
And she was listening for the first week.
She told me it was hilarious.
She loved it.
She was glad I turned her on to it.
For the first week.
For the first week.
Yeah.
The next time I talked to her that week and about two weeks later I was back online in the chat room.
And this girl not only wouldn't talk to me and she wouldn't talk to me at first.
She said, please I'd rather not talk to you.
But I kind of like prom cuss her.
Well, what's the problem?
What's the deal?
Yeah.
Let's go for years.
Neil's phone.
That show you turned me on to is totally disgusting.
I think she's a religious lady.
All right.
And uh thank you Neil.
All I can say is a great show.
Keep it going.
And you're welcome.
I'm a material.
Save you a big time.
Okay pal.
You're welcome.
Stay tuned from some nice religious nut.
56070560.
The 50560 on the mobile one line is the beat goes on.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes sir Neil.
Neil, you're giving up on this board members.
The school board for Broward County.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean we should keep the pace going what you did from Friday.
Keep the pace of what?
What are you talking about?
Keep the pulse of the country on this.
Yeah.
This is a reflection of everybody's life.
It's the actual.
Yeah.
This should not, they shouldn't be able to get away from this.
Yeah.
Also Neil.
Board members should know that Bob Parks on the board.
Yeah.
Okay.
This is the same guy that facts me that, see I hate to break the news to you.
But when you facts me stuff and I don't read it on the ear, doesn't mean it's an invitation to call in and repeat it on the ear.
So you can slander somebody on the radio.
Do it on your own show.
God.
56070560.
Count 560 on the mobile one line.
And don't start sending facts over here about foot fetishes.
Your car's still or gets real upset about that?
Here's Tamara.
Hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes.
Yeah, hi.
Listen, my nurse.
Hi.
My nurse just came home, care nurse came in and we're very upset.
You slammed the phone down on her.
Why?
You called her a bitch.
Yeah.
Why?
Why?
Were you telling me why?
Because she's a bitch.
No, no, no, the only person.
Let me send again, sir.
You asked me a question.
I'll tell you why.
But she's a bitch.
She's a home care nurse.
I don't care what she is.
She called.
Here wanted me to repeat the whole show for her.
And if you say, why, one more time, I'm going to say, how do you like that?
No, you won't.
Yes, I did.
56070560.
Count 560 on the mobile one line.
Why?
Here's the lady in Walton, man, or hello?
Is this Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, hey, Neil.
I can barely hear you.
Oh, well, I'm just.
There you go.
OK.
The reason I'm calling is because I know exactly what you mean because that happened to me this
morning.
I went to a customer's house.
I've known these people for four years.
Right.
And we had a standing appointment every two weeks and they were just like, what are you doing here?
And I'm like, well, you know, it's like two weeks I've gone by.
I'm supposed to be here.
And they just like slammed the door in my face.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
So I just like, got in my car and I'm just like driving down the street and I'm crying.
And I'm like, I get like no explanation.
No, no, I can't.
You know what?
People are just rude around here.
I mean, they're just disgusting in the rude and they only think of themselves.
Well, at least I'm not crying yet, you know?
No.
Handle it fairly maturely.
I just can't think in it.
Having a new respect now.
Well, I just kept thinking am I too sensitive or what?
But I mean, like the housekeeper was there at the same time.
He answered the door.
He's like, hey, Mary, come on in.
And he's like, and I'm like, is your wife here?
Mary's like, yeah, she's here.
Boom, he slammed the door in my face.
I'm like, okay, see ya.
I think there's a message in there somewhere, don't you?
Well, I got it.
I'm not working for him anymore.
Yeah, there you go.
I think the message is squirm.
Well, no, I'm not squirm him.
But I have him.
Thanks.
Okay, good luck.
How do you like that?
Yeah, maybe there's just an epidemic of unfriendly paranoid people around here.
That could be it.
Well, to them is what I say.
And that's what she's up to them too.
How do you like that?
For both of you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, we got 600 open lines here.
We got now in 22 minutes to go as we continue searching for the answer.
Searching for the ultimate truth here of the relationships between human beings who are all paranoid
and suspicious and psychotic about each other.
And like I said, to them.
God, what a place.
It's your brain.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain being chopped up by a final home meat cleaver.
This is your brain in a flint.
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Brains, real food for real people.
She won your hide in the miracle worker.
Despite her handicaps, she left behind a lifetime of achievements.
And now, with the discovery of rare audio tapes found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey,
Death Jan Records makes available to you.
Helen Keller sings the blues.
A series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself,
whaling out of pound of sounds.
She orders yours.
Have your credit card rate.
Name call 1-800.
WOOOOO!
Order now.
Get a bonus gift for tonight by Marley Matlin and Johnny Ray.
Call 445-30W-Q-A-M-C.
I hate to break the news to cast it all.
I'm reading the stupid blues and stupid e-mails that come over the fax machine now.
It's sad when people are going to put their own e-mail on there to defend themselves
and to critique the rest of the industry, especially when they're dying and the vying
and the numbers are dropping like a rock, and they're trying desperately to get hired over here
and they're critiquing what's going on over here.
You can record audio on comedy bits, but the only problem is when you steal other people's material
and then you redo it.
It's still called ripping off people.
How do you like that?
OOO!
Who fall?
Paulie?
Hey, how's Paulie doing?
I don't want to see him no more.
566-705-60, £560 on the mobile one line.
A lot of calls about that John Henry business, right?
Oh!
Nobody in the show cares.
Which site do I like the best?
Come on, let's hear it.
Got some new sites.
Tell somebody else I don't want to hear them.
See, nobody cares now, but once it gets on a ballot just like that penny sales tax,
then people will care.
Then they'll care big time, and they will get back together like they did here a couple of weeks ago,
and they will say loudly and enthusiastically, and almost unanimously they will say
no.
You know this glowing editorial here, this glowing editorial by the SunCentral,
is there a wood nearby education?
No.
About roads?
No.
About all the other tremendous social needs that we have at Broward County?
No.
We don't even have any drainage out there in West Broward for quite a lot.
Every time it rains more than like 10 drops, we have another guy named Flood.
All the streets are flooded.
People are rolling around in their canoes.
Can't afford that.
Is there a word about that?
No.
No.
Nothing that has to do with the real quality of life.
The SunCentral doesn't care about those things.
For whatever reason all they care about is having us get together to find some very wonderful way
to pay 80% of the cost of a $400 million retractable loan baseball stadium for another sport rich billionaire
who thinks we're going to build them a play toy.
And the answer is still.
No.
How do you like that?
It's still no.
We're talking about crazy people.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi Neil.
How are you doing?
Great.
I have two unrelated questions for you.
The first one is, I want to know how you're going to treat this guy next time you see him.
How I'm going to want?
How are you going to treat the guy?
I won't see him again.
But if you see him.
I won't.
I'll make sure of that.
I'll start flying another airline.
Okay.
The other question is, what do you think I should study law or clinical psychology?
How about the rocket science?
You can't give me any advice on that.
Are you serious?
Yes sir.
You're asking me?
Yes.
Study your law baby.
That's what a money is.
It only makes 50,000 a year.
Like I said, clinical psychology.
That's what the JP's mom.
She's making 10 million a year.
Who's JP Mom?
Your mama.
See too many questions.
Too many questions.
That's the end of the conversation.
Let's just ask too many questions.
Great lunch today from Chuck by the way, but I'm gagging out because I'm not eating right.
Because I'm so worn out.
By the way, Boka Brian brought in the TV guide which I never read because why to help with anybody in the right mind read the TV guide.
August 7 to 13.
TV Sexiest Stars.
You know, every magazine.
People magazine.
Us magazine.
TV guide.
Every frickin magazine.
It's a joke.
And the joke is on you people, the readers.
The people who subscribe to this will.
When you hear who there's 16 sexiest stars on TV are, I guarantee if you're in the middle of lunch.
Like a six-month-long background.
Okay.
Here we go.
Number one, David James Elliott.
On CBS's Jag.
Looks more like something that rhymes with Jag as in fat.
It looks like to me and a burnt out old watch one too.
Here's a Lissimilano.
Now a Lissimilano.
There you go.
She is pretty hot.
You like her?
There you go.
Are you horny guys out there?
Look at those big hooters too.
I humongous.
And I think they might even be real.
You know what I'm talking about?
Who cares?
Jesse L. Martin.
Okay.
I'd rather touch Ricky Martin with somebody else's finger.
Not mine than Jesse L. Martin.
Here's a sparse up bent over in the chair.
What the hell show is he on?
What is his show on?
The next one is the Lissimilano.
This guy is sexy.
I'll tell you.
The next page after that is this mirrored cigarette ad.
I have a big sumo wrestler on here who weighs 600 pounds.
He's sexier than his other guy.
Then this marks him in a chair.
Jesse Martin.
Next page, Scott Foley.
What show is Scott Foley on?
He's on the Felicity.
Have you seen Scott Foley?
I don't think he can say Felicity.
Okay.
Wouldn't touch him with an elephant's trunk.
Here's Gloria Rubin.
Gloria Rubin with a hairdo that makes Tommy look good this morning.
Take a look at that sparzer.
Oh my god.
Week.
That'd be a throw.
Here's...
Oh my god.
Now we know that we've debunked.
We have totally blown the whistle on this list.
Rick Schroeder.
Not to be confused with Rickish rotor, but now he's grown up.
He's a real man.
That's right on NYPD Blue.
Blue who?
Rick Schroeder.
Oh my god.
So sexy you want to just get on your hands and knees in the vomit and eat earthworms.
Tangy Miller.
Another sparzer with a throw.
How do you like that?
Not too good.
Malena...
What is that?
Can I have a readies?
Who I do believe I think she's one I used to play on guiding lights.
She used to play buzzes, Frankie...
Frankie Panky's wife.
What's your name?
She's on the hit series Providence.
Melinda Canneker-Bedys.
I think that's your name.
Week.
On a scale of 1 to 10, I give her a 7th maybe.
Bruno Campos.
Bruno Campos, who plays on NBC's Jesse.
On a scale of 1 to 2, he's still at those points.
That's how sexy Jesse Bruno Campos is.
And here's the best one of all if you're not impressed yet.
Patrika Darbo.
Now do you know who that is?
She's the big mom of daytime drama.
She's on the days of our lives.
Way 700 pounds easy.
She is one of these sexiest...
Here comes lunch.
Males from months ago are coming back up.
Just take a look at that push.
Take a look at the picture of this 780 pound cow.
Is the page big enough?
No.
That's why they've only got her from the...
...up.
Mario Lopez, okay?
Mario, there is anything alive.
Even insects wouldn't touch you.
Mario's on Pacific Blue.
Oh, here's Lara Flynn Boyle.
Who looks like she weighs about 18 pounds?
Dripping wet?
Week.
I give her about 7 and 3 quarters just because I'm in a good mood.
The bod squad.
Put these three dikes together and you still don't have one real woman.
Who the hell is the bod squad?
What is that?
Or from Roller Jam.
They're jamming it.
I can't tell you where because it's against...
...the law.
Vincent Young from Beverly Hills 90210.
Vincent Young on a scale of 1 to 1.3.
Oh, and then they've got some other people that they say are still sexy.
Here's Tom Selleck.
She's looking pretty good.
Farrah Fawcett.
Richard Chamberlain.
She ain't looking too bad.
Angie Dickinson.
And Candice Mosch macho.
Angie Dickinson or David Cassidy.
Oh, you people, I'm telling you.
Good for some land.
Okay, take a few.
Could that have you have it already?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pomp 5, 60.
Automobile one line.
Here's a call from downtown Miami.
Hey, Danielle.
Yes, sir.
Sorry about that.
Well, I was going to say about your friend who you were trying to get the hockey ticket to.
My post-personal best friend, yes.
Well, it's a shame that people are so jaded that he would think of you.
And if he, I don't know what he's thinking, but if he thinks of you as like some kind of sugar daddy
that's trying to pick up on him, and I'm just some nice guy that's just, you know, because these, at this day and age, you can't do that.
It's the same thing.
It's the same kind of thing with, there's an elementary school near my house.
I try to go there and exercise one morning at 7, 15 in the morning, and a lady comes over and says,
you can't come, you can't exercise here.
Well, the other thing too.
But you can't exercise here.
Great work.
Yeah.
Because there's kids here.
And I said, the kids can't do anything.
What does that mean?
You're not allowed on the property when there's kids on the property.
I can't. I was just waiting.
You know, I guess it depends on what you're exercising.
That's true too.
But, Neil?
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I thought you hung up on me.
Oh, yeah.
Now I forgot what I was going to say.
Okay, I'm going to reiterate that.
And don't exercise it too hard.
Okay, we got 18 hundred open line.
This is a very sad thing about America, about this whole deal we got here now.
Sexual harassment.
Everybody is afraid of touching her.
See, the only way that you're allowed to touch anybody else is if you're in a uniform.
Then you can touch away.
You can do a little grab ass.
You have a nice big fat pat on it.
That's right.
Squeeze and hug and kiss and on the cheek.
Everybody's high five and low five and handslapping.
Ask laughing if you're in a uniform.
If it's a sports thing, a real manly thing where there could be no question about your mask.
Then it's okay.
Somebody mentioned this last week, but if a school teacher packed a kid on the shoulder,
it says, nice job, Johnny.
Oh, my God.
Child molester.
Peter Files.
You're going straight to jail.
Unlike those priests, do we just reassign when they get caught?
You're going straight to jail.
Nobody can touch each other.
Even it worked.
I can't just walk in the other room right now and give my producer a big hug and a kiss on the lips of that.
That would be sexual harassment immediately.
Even though it would not be, that it would just be a sign of affection and great job.
Well done.
That's all it would be.
Oh, that would you do it again.
My head is for a party day.
To one day through our work.
Can you give a kiss?
What can Johnny make you wear it?
It's always a good idea to take a broke year for course and every measure especially when there's a curse on your family.
For instance, I have no aspirations of pursuing a high profile position.
I sent $50 to the Dorothy Co. Gallant Foundation because somebody put the whammy on my family and I don't want to die.
You are correct, Junior.
Am I not easily led toward up?
I know that confounded the breed.
I just do a step further.
As a matter of fact, I have installed a safety net on the side of my bed and I have a bed.
I have a bed.
I have a bed.
I have a bed.
I have a bed.
I have a bed.
I have a bed.
I have a bed.
I have a bed.
I have a bed.
Two, a dead body.
Two, a week.
I have a bed which is full of mich一个.
I know, UK.
But I Master Abdullah can get out of this bed and allow the people.
Abessing you checks upon, not taking a car.
Tonight, I have two sweets.
That's the best dress I'm gonna have.
It's veryajидou.
The crust and your punctuality.
Just don't lose weight in your clothes.
who that is we got them book
okay to that the way you know how about book of mine is obsessed with
dorthy kill gallon by
i just mentioned that passing them it's a good bit but uh... is it
so maybe that's why had that both of the top of it you can hear the beginning
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line
the henry gobert show from sure will stay to a two o'clock today
hankley had a right the herald was usual
will full of crap
and then we got the up we game short six o'clock as leave on returns to south
florida not the picture tomorrow in the marlin game the pit for the giant
against the marlins in the marlin game seven oh five tonight
i mean that in itself should tell you everything you need to know
come on out and see leave on come on to see those good guys that we got rid of
here's my me hello
you know yes sir i have a opinion on uh...
the uh... arena they're going to build a stadium
and all those are the building
direction yeah
that's not your any uh...
they go there
yeah and also that guy of a plane
i think you spoke to our lucky week before you got a plane you got
barely five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warves
line here's tamara killer
hello me yes
uh... you know i got a comment you know how we're always uh... saying how
miserable you fought on how nobody's we sit more than them i got to tell you
quick story to happen to me over the week
nobody's we as one
that what yeah
uh... i went to public i need to certain act condition filter
and the size i needed
is one guy
but the last twelve
okay the guy i need to live to use the last twelve last twelve i need to
certain size about planning ahead
the guy won't even live
usual but he do change change every day does one of these like right now maybe
uses them from uh... for underwear
so i just could you do me a favor i just could you sell me one i just i
only need one
that i want to have a fight with me
yeah what is it with these people how was it
he was all that in death
well i'm i believe you might be the crap out of me
get arrested
not i think i don't know how many shopping days left anyway listen to a
crackle some of the food
show your flame in the state and you could use it only get run over by your
truck
i will
yes that monday baby it's monday august nine it's been ice everybody else
day
except for neil because he's a nasty old let's you're in a bag and a pervert
to which we say
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two-year-old
fine by the way how's lary night doing lately and by seeing him
how's he doing
that'll teach him not to speak to me
here's a lady in my email
you yes man how are you great
i'm called
uh... hank old berg on Friday about this uh... stadium issue
yes man and i really listen to the show i listen to you all the time
and
i i told him
as i was listening all these colors are calling and saying all i'd like to see
the stadium
i heard you call you said worthy outrage
yeah i heard that i was uh...
but he's sitting there
a couple days saying that we don't need it we don't need it but it sounds like
he wants it he's letting everybody
you know
say it was a lot of good time you know people call him well here's six right now
which one do you like
he i don't understand that either for the life of me
what is how can you say we don't want it we don't want to spend a tax money
and then turn around say okay but what were you really wanted yeah
it's a one-it-and-he wanted
and let me tell you something they screened my call
i called and the guy says what do you want to talk about yeah
i said i have a lot of what you call this show
you never screened never never and i called a few times
she shows where they do heavy
phone calls are doomed to
failure i said no
i don't want to pick on the hump but when you start over screened it just
it just takes away the edge
i told him i said you're screaming my call
no i just want to know what you're going to talk about
tall Tom none of
uh... anyway i'm not a bit i just do not see any use
no you made you made a great point i heard the call
it is like i said billard washington dc those were the best who calls that i
heard he needs to he needs to figure out what he really wants does he want to go
for the stadium or but you know that most of the people on this radio station
now writing the fence they're going to start getting real bad jack rash if they
don't cut the crap pretty soon they're riding the fence
and on the one hand oh yeah we don't pay more tax money
but what do you think how i'll be here it makes all the sense downtown
it doesn't make any sense downtown in my new year for water
water my own anyway
in addition to which when you look at this list how the hell do you get to any
of these places
uh... i got the other guy says well i hope they provide transportation hello we
just had a transportation time that you know we don't know i got i'll tell you
my favorite the least favorite
water hill sunrise and stay road seven you have any idea of it
you have any coolist out congested is already in an area
unbelievable
just a no sweetheart
no i i said no but i'm a bitch for saying no and he can stick in his ass
okay i thought past the message long hey thanks to up your ass okay
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
oh by the way how do my friend of son sent a lady over there at not a
hill i'm not five ninety five i promised i'd say hi to her today between one
and two and i did what a nice lady she is
she's out there preling it at the paper to every morning
right on the corner there by five ninety five and uh...
not a bill snob hill
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
here's port St. Lucie hello
com green film and reneal god
well guess what it didn't make it on the air Greg how do you like that
this is your old buddy it's because George's office week he's gonna get on
the air and i'm gonna leave it on the air guess what Greg answer is no you're not
my buddy you're an imbecile you're a maniac you're a mental defective
you're a sad tragic no life low life piece of walking turd with two years
that's what you are Greg
we don't want to talk to you we don't want any part of you we don't want to
know from you we think that you've got kudis baby we think you've got airy
disease that's ever been invented and some that haven't been discovered yet by
modern medical science but soon maybe have played an epidemic so everybody please
stay away from Greg from boi-ton beach and port St. Lucie and wherever the hell
she's hanging out and your notice the good news is they keep moving on
farther and farther north farther away any direction do east would be good make
your next move do east about fifty miles out there
see what do i tell you the chronic cars air been telling people us for years
that's one of the reasons that this show succeeds we don't let the show get
overtaken by chronic misfits like Greg from boi-ton beach port St. Lucie
uh...
that's simply winding desperate boys in fact you know something next time i'll
stick your ass on a plane next to Nelson and the two of you can sit there and
have a good time together
and go get your own god damn hockey tickets both of you
oh my god
you put your foot in now you take your foot out
you do the hockey
then you chase it all up out
he's like the stupid kids that make you look like you're insane
if you ever catch me too and here is my brave
for the bullet is my brain
what's your right body
there we go
of the qm sales department by the way let's take up an office pool what will be
the date how many more weeks how many more months before tide records got all
of his spots cancel off the show
let's start drawing straws right now
and stick them up his back and here's the four-letter hello
deal yes sir
ninety nine-nine thick i think you wish you the challenge was Friday
yeah i think it was about starting the dna situation with the jewish
no yet right uh... and i know you mentioned about both of ryan and the uh...
guitar man that
but uh... challenges a challenge
so i just did some analysis and i just want to let you know that
the other al shartons and let back would you believe it
he's just like
kneeling i
love eating hathor i
and show gif into shayna middle could you can see that i
such a living doll
in her
michael shaw
mandal tyson so far to
stevey wonder and spiky
alright
they have all been dotting since
ryan coxahoyce first took a piece
ojb came to cedric who would you believe it
no
harvester
and loves his
citts is two
as a matter of fact
dna claim is
shrats is all i've just a year
is
along with or that's conversion by you
uh... wears yaska chakson
you himie town rovin jiu
i always accept a challenge
alright excellent job thank you god bless you
okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight and t
wireless line where you want that stadium highlights here i'm sure we're
gonna be here in days and days and days of that hours and hours and hours
on this radio station which one you like what's behind door number three
let's be high box number five who's a very good grandstove at seven so
uh... it's got to be going on and on and i just keep it simple okay
uh... let it work just say no
all i can say about that john henry is
have a lot of hope
here's hollywood hello
any i'll have a pretty good sir
i think that uh...
that he's a uh... lamb
or sheep or whatever you call it in the sheath clothing
yeah
corporate rater
and then we're not what i'm doing in the stadium we were building
we were gonna build a high-finger stadium and story
and that's why sold the team he knew we were going to belong at mc
and you know something whether it's high-zingo or this guy trying to pretend to be
a good guy like you say
trying to pretend to be mr. nice guy
and where it's not gonna fly
we're we're not falling for it
they already had a team they didn't have to give the whole god then team away
and start from scratch
and the fact you know to me it's not so much to leave on thing with a man
man tithing
here's a young kid
throws a hundred miles an hour isn't make it all that much money if you really
are serious about building a great franchise
who better to build it as far as having a stopper like him in a bullpen
how could you ask for anybody better
definitely
trade him away and expect them to be well more prospect reminds me of the
path is with Chris wills to think just like it or he's a project a prospect
i'm people are what a ptc prospect
they want to pay the seat talent
corporate
still in the middle of the night still saying i still say that was a back door
to you
i believe you
i believe you
i think we win win got a stomach
doing everything we
did and told them to do
right
you know just
you know the end of the day
uh... the manly bay it's it's a kind of a great pool scene but it's a little
not
the blogger was a place to go i still think you know i like mgm
mgm yep
it's gotten older
i like mgm
i think i'm out there
and uh... neal the last comment i have is i work here in hollywood i think you
do too
and they have another one of these shrines where
kids were killed in a drag accident
yeah
going to it and standing around it
and putting
and i did my comment is what about the people that put it
risk when they drag race down shared and a hundred and twenty miles an hour
right exactly i don't get it
okay
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line course we're
getting reported a lot of these kids drag race now these terrible things that
are happening
because of that auto racing show that you'll costel was doing on Saturday
morning from six to seven on the station
it all those kids up there really early on a Saturday morning to get them all
hopped up and with up this speed thing you know
i don't want to start playing the blame it's your speeches because they give
no stuff in tickets but i think he understands that a big big responsibility
there
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warris line
here's what says probably a chronic who you win my any hello
hello
yes sir
yes
yes yeah i got admit that i looked at the morning i want to know
what you look at the marlin travel look at this
here's a lady in plantation hello
lady in plantation with her radio up
hello yes man
i take nature of them i'm going to close enough
uh... listen i go into the city to show you some way
and you told me it is about the hilarious gift that you have about
the the backpipes yeah
if there's a chance that you put that on the i work on it
well thank you so much i appreciate it and i like to show thank you so much
okay
uh... neighbor
cia
one of my neighbors how do you like that you would prefer the neighbors all come on
don't be such a hard as five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighteen t-warris line we got to a 300 open line to but for monday i'll be
honest with that not too bad
i'm getting a little bit more conversation today that i had on a plane last
night i'll say that
i mean i know the guys under the weather he's gotten the money and he's
sniffling and blowing his nose and whatever else he can get his uh... thing on
but you know just uh... not right sweetheart not right not good
not good
i mean don't pierce me through the heart until there's a good reason
here's a mobile in highly hello
and you know that yes sir
uh... just an observation here uh... don't talk about it but uh...
go ahead and i know that you don't have anyone saying you got it's been
it will go out yeah
i mean i think it was just great if you heard someone just say
you'll deal deal
yeah
i've been
yeah i have to be a little better than that one but
well yeah i like it if i'm my active double meal
right i mean brick here okay we'll work on it
all right thanks which is about you
okay let's get it in that's my world that will get uh... let's see how do you
say it in the tally on
uh... i don't know
five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
wireless line
here's a mobile in four-letter hello
any of our great
uh...
you can change and will be for your second i got a question for you about
satellite dishes uh... okay
okay i have the big dish i called you once it was for about it we bought
the house they do want to go
and the day came with the house in the description of the decision
it came with what
it came with the big dish
with an f-h
uh... what i'm trying to figure out is
now on our hbo channels and all that to put the big black screen up there
that says
you know
call this number for the order
hbo and i thought that it's supposed to come with the dish we had it all
this time and now they put this thing up what i need to do what we're supposed
to come with the dish i don't understand you have a subscription to that
yeah well that the description runs out in december and we've been watching all
the hbo channels and so forth for the first two months right
and now they're putting this big black screen up on the
well but who you program provider
that that that that that what i have to find out
uh...
and how do i find out the guy that i bought the house from his an airing or
and
and
you know
okay you know you know i would do because i think they all
uh... you get set like tv week at least you get the tv book
now
no we're not we buy it we buy it at borders
yeah
well i'm saying is pick up what any copy of it and call
uh... hbo and they can they can tell you who you're getting it through if you're
not getting directly from them and then you'll call them at the rate hundred
number and the see what the problem is
also i can call the hbo number make a tell me that
right because if you are paid up and you have a legitimate description they can
click it on and you'll get it back like in five seconds while you're talking
that is to be a hit
okay
okay one more one more thing before you go yes sir
uh... the wife and i just came back to make up
what a sewer
you know
never go there at the biggest waste of time why did you go there i mean if you want
to be you can come down here in loads of a couple why would you go there
my wife's columbian so she thought it'd be a nice change in you know just
if stock to get food poisoning
we had it that we didn't grow as always all included resource in the stock
yeah
they're waiting there don't ever go okay trying to take away her visa and her
american express
run away to green card okay see
she's from columbia
i did mention it one of my trips uh... few weeks ago the columbian uh... some of
the one columbian team was on air
they were so ugly and oh god
how can it be so many of them in columbian people or in the generate
speaker that i don't care what you say the columbian people are really
beautiful people
but not these they must have liked jammed all the other ones i'm on plan if you
get i was on your one i think they didn't speak to me there how do you like
that
five six seven it's could be coming in epidemic thing five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t line here's a call from landah
and you know you don't have to call from landah we're all killing each other
yes that's right remember i was one that called about a month ago and said that i
wanted to move to the moon and get out of the hell my amy yeah
yeah i'm i'm taking a two-week world trip out of my amy i'm getting the hell out of here
now
uh... going out with my family i just call it i wouldn't say an Atlanta too long
pal maybe a short road trip
i know that i know that i just want to say that i think that i think that they
may be following you up the Hershey highway all those
of companies you'd better yeah yeah i was whenever to get a quick request
can you can you can you say really and then go like a five-second pause to say
he's an asshole no but have a great time okay good luck to pal
Roy he's an asshole only a one-second pause okay that's all time allows
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
wireless line we're rolling along singing a song
yeah i think i'm gonna beat this cool you know
there's nothing more than when you wake up in the morning you stick at that
scratchy throat and you then and then you kind of take some aspirin some
suit of that whatever you like to take and for a day two days three days
you fight it off you fight it off and you pray that it just doesn't break you
know no so far now can breathe don't have like a real raw sore throat the
prognosis is good for the mall today that right now i do like that although i
might just go down half on a plane tonight she's i can find somebody else not to
talk to yes one you're not getting on here either asshole
Andy from Hollywood is he getting on here no he's not getting on here either okay
all the chronic all the no lives okay it's back let's take up a collection
bag so we can buy it by Andy from Hollywood a colostomy bag
yeah he's a young guy but i think it needs to be stuck in his purse
that's where to stick the tube right in his purse what a dump line by the way
wants to make sure everything's going okay in here
huh he coming to be talking about bogabrine stuff come and give you a little
pen on the back five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eight t and t wireless line one twenty five
a qm how do you like that we did not hear from boka from what's his name from
uh Andy from Hollywood he didn't hear from what's his name from uh
portain lucy Greg they thought we did but we didn't
see i'm getting that maybe it was that plane tripping i'm getting it down to
assigns you know people you don't want to say anything to you just don't talk
to him good day can please enough fucking
oh
w q a m sells department yes i'm interested in buying some time on your radio
station call and choose it for a spot
but i don't know i seem to remember it was around uh a hundred
palace above yeah uh buying a spot yeah uh isn't that around uh
a hundred dollars no not a hundred dollars lower
lower around a hundred dollars no
lower around a hundred dollars
here it no lower lower
around a hundred at five sixty w q a m
we're always ready to service your account
all hundred
uh
god how do they get re-period on the line that was incredible
one thirty c one thing about this joint is that nobody has any respect for
their leaders you know they're so like we have fifty five sales managers but
no matter what they say all the sales people go
whatever you say and then they just do whatever the whole so here's mic and
liners become a real chronic factor i mean really really chronic but i
don't have time to call or maybe he's got a real high squeaky seven and a
verse something like that now this goes back to my conversation about my
former very short-term friend Nelson from the uh
Toronto Miami trips it says what may have happened is that the initial
conversation went well at which point you informed of your
occupation well guess what Mike he went off the date
wrong because he's the one that told me that he knew me from the tv show
he knew who i was okay that's the worst part and he still initiated
the conversation so i had a reason to assume that he wasn't psychotic or
afraid it was going to squeeze his
whatever which i'm not he probably listened to the show during the following
perhaps on the internet and discovered that you were gay he is obviously
homophobic which explains his in different behavior during your re-encounter i
agree with a previous caller that the aggressiveness and assertiveness was what
you speak does not resemble a stereotypical demeanor that may have
established many of established for homosexual otherwise you may have
disagreed with something you said on the radio but that should have sparked
further conversation and discussion yes
regarding the stadium issue i've always felt that this is not a baseball
town they're hockey or basketball for that matter this is a football
frenzy town it's funny how south border with strip of hosting baseball's
off-star game but was the word of the super bowl after the original fight
San Francisco could not make necessary renovations with stadium
have a great day oh yes stop it okay i'll stop follow my head
you do that so well you know thank you
anyway hi to the sun's 10 lady again at 5.95 and stop you already said that but you
are so nice you know who else i should say hi to more often i hope she's working
today who always see here this is exactly the contrary let's look on the bright side
the contrary to some sourpuzz who thinks that i'm after his body or chasing him or trying to
give away too much free stuff and it's just vicious and i'm trying to want a stalking
i don't care but here's my good friend Sylvia that works on the turnpike toll-plashing
do you ever go through the toll booth there the red-haired the
humanly you know Sylvia she is my favorite if i were a head of a sexual of any age i would
just drive through there in my court bed whisk her out of that booth and just head on down
or her she high way you'd never see her again i love you Sylvia from my favorite
what what do you smile you know her
my senior well you don't seem very excited about her she's she's great she's a sweetheart
every time she's not working every day in there but when i'm going home and she happens
to be working that day and always gives me a big hello and have a nice day and i would
hey Sylvia how you know and it makes me feel a little bit better why can't we make people
feel better about each other instead of paranoid and psychotic and delusional and hateful and
whatever else most people are maybe then not so many people will be when each other's brains out
god
here's a mobile in the caverny revol places hello hello yes sir hey Phil how you doing all right
i just want to say i found out in the keys right here and i'm saying just say no first of all
just say no that's right keep that in okay whatever you say sir he said it's bull crap up here
but they have a habit i keep saying a lot and then of course john Henry called in you missed
this call it's morning said i must be crazy i must be nuts yeah and we said hey for once
you said something that makes sense sweetheart here's saying penisburg hello hello doctor
yes you know i wanted to the people of south florida remember probably four years ago we've
got a stadium built up here now the glazers who is a very similar to what you got with with the big
age down there um the glazers are going to generously donate the stadium that was built here in
campa back to the county because there's a thirty-million dollar tax below and owed on it now
and the taxpayers are going to have to pay the cover it's actually yes they're going to nice
they're going to be nice guys give it to me oh right great have a good one you thanks for the good
news for your show man thank you and by the way nice that ice palace they got that are in tapah
they're really doing good to do well there aren't they huh no yeah they broke that's a beautiful
place right here that's the two different place they played already they finally got a right
the only problem is they don't have a team that's the only little problem there it's the
trigger in the wood pile kind of like the pants as we got nice arena we got pop albrue we got
ray wittany we got right activoric mark perish anybody else no oh and guess who i saw speaking of
playing trips guess who i saw coming off the plane on friday night sitting there in my
international all alone just waiting to get on a god damn plane not really all that excited whether
Nelson was there or not which he wasn't guess who got off the plane on the incoming billy lentil
how you like that good guy did i say hello no no i was just sitting there waiting uh
yeah i don't want it like in truth i don't want to bother this guy and i didn't see me it would
know me from like she put it anyway looking pretty good billy not like ray wittany but you look
okay to me see that's why i didn't say hello that's right five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Fort Lauderdale hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing buddy okay
well these great first you can barely hear you sir barely hear because our phone system today is
really you have to speak up in a better now there you go okay partner first time call
enjoy your show great let's a dv show to anybody that's almost no nut so they're waiting but anyway they
killed it you know i just want to discuss with you son for me the first one i am black and i got a big
time problem with this thing with the state troops of kid who killed the girl the other day
the state troopers did why state troops of kid who killed a little six-year-old girl oh the kid
yeah you know we got all the 12-year-old kid that weighed like 600 pounds of every day now this
is a little bit hugging she's dead yes now this is my problem give me a black okay
you can't tell me it just being your kid or my kid anybody a common person in walk-a-life
they would have had 10 or 7 that they're seeing the world scum vision news network at the
column right at our house of the microphone the truck set up remote all night long they would have
had everybody there the state tried to scrutinize and everything and the thing i don't like about
is just because you stay true and she's yet to show her face on the TV to say i apologize i'm sorry
that has not seen one thing about her only and you know it's just bothering it's like every
time someone goes down one of these cops in a south-lord it's like they put on a pedestal they're
untouchable it's like they just you know it's like they exalt them or something yeah well somebody said
before that the you know the thing with the prostitution ring that there's a major internal
investigation but you know something i'm holding my breath and waiting the at the to see it blow
you i hate to say but you probably turn as dark as i am before that happens right
have a good one my brother i'm working on it i'll see you i'm working on it baby i got that
sunlight on me right now and i'm still a white or shade of pale five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line god how did i do this today you know we're almost we're
almost done how did i do this not that i want to pat myself on the back being the great guy that i
am ending is generous and you know decent as i am it's part of the fact that people are running
and screaming it's part of that no sleep in fact you know something maybe my the sleep that i
did get with that stretch of i-75 between the very beginning there on minigardin's drive and
sunrise boulevard maybe i did take a nice nap there huh maybe it was on autopilot could be
oh
four kids hanging out together and it holds in their ass tv don't get better the chef just like
it lays in mind she's you to the bow oh right you're gonna see stand before what's his god if
when he's around
there stands broken tile and it's fucking dirt and at least once we hear you
so weird but the wonderful and candy fakes his liver
he can't hit his head and then he said the rat's know it him and then he eat it
in Sol
thank you
I used to
Here's D'Arral.
Hello.
And Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon, too.
Born from Luigi.
Oh, well, that was bad.
It was.
It sounded really good.
No, very bad.
I'm weak.
Like Y'all Martino, I need to be slapped inside of the face.
I also want to talk about this stadium.
Yes.
Which site do you like, pal?
Well, my number seven is my favorite.
Which site?
Yeah.
Did you say that he wants to build a one-place in the Bicentennial Park?
Yeah.
Another place in Miami River.
Miami River.
Miami River.
Yeah.
Right in the middle of the Miami River.
Yeah.
You know, it's like, has anybody even attempted to ask him, you know, have you seen the games?
No one goes to the games.
You know, do you really think this new stadium, who's it going to bring?
You know, what people, because, you know, they're already know that they're keeping people here.
Miami don't go to the games.
They couldn't care less.
They don't give a flying crap less.
Yeah, that's right.
And in addition to which, after the voters just turned down the penny sales tax in Dave County, does he really believe, no matter how stupid he is,
is he really thinking as wild as dreams that the voters of Dave are going to approve any kind of tax to build on a goddamn stadium?
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah.
Absolutely not.
And what I've noticed is that now people here in Miami and Broward, let's say, Baratowni and Miami, I've got a little smarter when it comes to this stuff, you know, people trying to buy us into, you know, this arena.
They've been burned so many times and lied to so many times that they're finally learned there's a great word that's real easy.
Exactly.
Real easy.
Like I told you before, I used to never vote.
Yeah.
But now I do because I'm tired of this.
I'm tired of this and I get my friends to vote and, you know, look at the numbers.
You know, and the voting just for this penny tax.
On another thing, a different issue.
The teens that were drag racing, the newspaper and the news and what the car looked like and everything.
Yeah.
They deserved it.
If they're going to be racing like that in the streets, they deserve it.
Just like these kids that have these loud mufflers.
I don't know if you notice every time they're running around and the car makes a lot of noise on the muffler.
Because my dad takes the bus everywhere he goes.
And I cringe every time I hear that there was an accident and it took, you know, it took people waiting on the bus and like, you know, killed a couple of people.
I cringe at that.
So if you're going to race and you die, you deserve it.
There you go.
Thank you, you know, and have a great day.
You too, sir.
Well, that's pretty brutal, but you know something may have had a point.
John Henry warned that a privately built stadium would be smaller and leave no extra money in his pocket to improve the team by increasing his payroll.
He'll build a stadium, but what he said is he won't have money for a team.
We'll have an empty stadium.
It'll look real good.
Maybe we'll leave a reduce the prices on a refreshment because we won't have to pay all those overpaid ball players.
But there'll be no team in there.
What do you think?
Go for it.
I say put up or shut up.
Go ahead and build a stadium, okay?
We like it.
As long as it's with you or money, we don't care if it's too small.
They don't give a crap.
Downscale.
Don't be.
See this guy?
They got $195 million in Texas.
They got a $295 stadium in Buds, Selix, Playston, and Milwaukee for the Brewers.
But we want to have a $400 million.
And by the way, speaking of retractable roof up there in Toronto where they got that sky dome for the last year now,
they'll have a big song of dance about how much money they're losing and who's going to have to buy that thing and are they going to continue to be able to maintain it?
And will they keep playing there?
And that thing's only a few years old, relatively speaking.
It's a beautiful, it's polatial.
But oh, we don't know.
And yeah, okay.
And guess what?
Since they got spoiled with those two world series wins.
They're not exactly packing them in.
Even though they're in a wildcard race where they read stocks, they're still not packing them in anywhere near like what they were those years.
So you can keep trying to rape the public as much as you want and squeeze in more blood out of a rock.
And they finally, no matter where it is, they finally say, no.
And who the hell was it always defaulted?
But you know, before he's always riding that fence by, he's got chap stores all over his body, that guy.
Riding the fence big time this morning about, well, you know, people really got turned out in the beginning and they got all wound up in the excitement of the championship.
They didn't get wound up in the excitement of a championship season until the goddamn world gets serious, baby,
because even in the playoff games, they couldn't sell them out that year.
This team drew through, three million people the first year because of the novelty of it.
And after that, the attendance gets going down, down, down, because it's not a freaking baseball town.
And stop trying to pedal goddamn hollivato the Eskimos. They don't like it.
Here's Lantana. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Do you feel that Lawrence Phillips has a chance to rush for a thousand yards this season?
Oh, yeah. I think he'll be just running from the police.
I think it's a great comeback for him.
Yeah, okay, good. I'm happy for a call-up hang-in talking about stupid crap like that.
Okay. I want to the sports show. In fact, don't call up hang-in. Call up Eddie Kaplan and bet on it with him. All right.
It's a great comeback.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5. It's more like you, sir. I want to stadium on every street corner because you don't have a brain.
You don't have one little, even teeny tiny particle of a brain and you're taking up space and breathing oxygen that some useful being.
Even a goddamn dog could be taken up and you're wasting it.
Did he say wasted? Is that what he said?
You're mine.
Oh, here's a lady in Kendall. Hello.
Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you?
Great.
I'm a lady in Kendall, who listens every day.
Great. Good for you.
I have a solution for John Henry.
Uh-huh.
I think that the best thing he should do is keep the Marlins right there in Pepe Park and they should install retractable roll shutters for the 6,000 or so loyal fans that go in the 140 degree.
Or they could just give out parasols.
Sounds good. Yeah.
And then everybody who comes in gets a fee. Parasols sounds good to me.
And the players, they can play right under canopies.
The canopy, right?
There you go.
Uh-huh.
And Neil, before I go, I have one request.
I can't dedicate it to John Henry.
Okay.
Can you play that Charlton Teston saying...
I don't know about that.
Charlton has been saying...
You son of a bitch.
That one?
That's right. Okay, I'm hungry.
I'll see you.
See ya.
Okay, 11 before 2 at 5 50 WQM, what's turned out to be a fairly reasonable day.
These people have been fairly sociable here today.
Unlike some people at the airport, we look at you like you got leprosy and paulsy.
It was, you know, I guess it was just even at my advantage.
There are always new experiences that you encounter in life.
And that's, you know, I mean, as far as rejection is concerned, I'm used to rejection.
Like sometimes 10 times a day, but that's another story for another row, you know.
That don't bother me.
But don't give me a big song to mention.
Oh, geez.
I mean, God, take a look at you.
You got to point about that.
