Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers.
Neil, come on to Neil called 567 0560 toll free for needed brarror or count 560 on yourself
all over the opinions of Neil.
His guests or callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of
WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily brought to you.
Now Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you fast, good.
I'm going to do IOD.
Oh, Neil, God.
Oh, it's a good, Neil, God.
That's power that I'll present, man.
I'm the most powerful God day man in the world.
Yes, I am.
Oh, it's a good, Neil, God.
That's power that I'll present, man.
I'm the most powerful God day man in the world.
That's so easy, come on.
But there's a maid out of people.
Why is that huge?
I'm safe, but never.
Just that taste of smell out of your...
While 86% of newborns, boys in this country are circumcised, they procedure as widely performed
without any sort of anesthesia.
I have no preview.
I'm dead on it.
Oh, it's a good, Neil God.
Oh, it's a good, Neil.
I need to use my talent.
Oh, it's a good, Neil God.
Oh, it's a good, Neil God.
I need to use my talent.
I will not take tonight's blockbuster, any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior.
You jacked out the thing.
You ferns, you ferns.
You ferns.
Me again.
It's an all-john provoked sword.
I don't have a bones for coffee hot.
A single mochup for you, and I will be gone.
I know that before you can love me or I just...
Fatherless fool.
God.
Oh, sister Mary, how's her doing?
Good.
How's that hand job?
Something long job.
He has no reason.
I always do my job as well when I'm saying, say this on bat.
It's great radio.
I am that similar.
So we have a long-distance cord on this piece of cramp.
Look at this.
Look how short this damn thing is.
I'm gonna take this cord and I'm gonna shove it right up his ass.
Oh, me.
This place operates like a freaking nut house.
It really does.
I want to be left a freak alone, okay?
I'm a man and one for such a guy to board.
That they made.
They look ridiculous.
Oh, oh, it's good.
It's good.
It's good.
Oh, she dips their feet on.
There's the one that's classic.
It's good.
It's good.
It's good.
Both power that I'll present.
I'd say, man, I'm the most powerful goddamn man in the world.
That's so lovely, correct sir.
10-03-550-WQ.
I'm happy Friday.
Happy birthday to me and everybody else who's having a birthday today.
Thanks George brought me my lean, mean grilling machine for my birthday today.
And the sales department came in here.
I also thanks to my good close personal friend Dominic Terry, the plumber.
We came by yesterday and fixed my leaky pipe.
There's nothing worse than having a leaky pipe right before your birthday.
We like squirt, squirt, all over the place.
Thanks Dominic, you're a good guy.
Didn't want to date.
Didn't want to hold song in the dance.
Came by with a minimum of fanfare.
Didn't even charge me.
I offered, but didn't charge.
Thank you Dominic, you're a good guy.
Good work.
Thanks to Sherry and Lou Jacobs, who brought me by a big thing this morning.
A big mural, Pantheum mural of Brian Scroodlin.
And a nice computerized made card.
I've actually the people in the hallmark people.
I've actually the heat computers, you know,
because now that people can make their own computerized reading cards,
I bet you the hallmark people are pretty god damn pissed off about it.
But anyway, so thanks here Ian Lou.
So our whole sales department comes in here this morning.
And they've got a big, look at that.
Look at that thing on the wall over there.
A huge mural of the entire QAM sales department, such as it is.
And guess who was in the group by the way?
Boy, the CEO of a lot of Hutzbach.
Right.
Let's go one thing to say about that picture.
Yeah.
Multi-colored permanent Sharpies.
Take a look at that.
Yeah, even Scroodlin was in here.
And brings me way too late Scroodlin's card here.
You're all going to love this.
The only person from the sales department that missed out on this whole chin dig.
Yeah, he wasn't in here.
He's busy with OJ and Pedro, I guess.
Or maybe he's hanging out with Sam.
So here's a lovely, look at that.
I just had to lick the back of that greeting card from Scroodlin
because I got mung on it from my birthday cake from Delights.
Thank you very much Delights by the way, my good friend, Al over there.
And Peter Leonard for bringing it in, even though I don't have that spot on the log yet.
Have we got that spot on the log?
No.
On the same day that she's continuing playing games, Scroodlin comes in here like I said.
Boy, did she have a lot of chryphe.
And brings me a beautiful Tommy Hill figure.
Sure, the right size and the whole deal.
Yellow, no less.
Canary yellow with stripes.
Lovely.
Thank you so much, Louanne, but you know something, you're still a piece of crap.
And her card says, Neil, with a little teeny tiny writing.
Neil, I know you're very mad at me this week and hate me like poison.
Yes!
But I'm still your biggest fan.
Love, Louanne, happy birthday.
And then it says,
Boy!
Over on the side.
Yeah.
Boy, did she have a lot of chryphe.
Right, well we don't have one that says, boy does she have a lot of chryphe.
But if we did, I'd be playing that over and over again.
I was standing in the thrill of this morning shaving and I was looking in the mirror and thinking to myself,
at what point do you stop counting birthdays?
In other words, at what point do they stop being something you've even paying attention to?
With me, it was like after 50.
You know, people get a punk that are like in their 20s.
All of 30, it's like the end of the world.
And then of course 40 is like middle life in the end of your life.
But once you get to 50 at that point, at least for me, you just stop counting.
It's just another one of those things.
It's a nuisance on the calendar.
And sometimes you get something nice like the lean green milling machine that George gave me.
Hope it works.
I love George Foreman and a gleaming machine.
I'm going to stick some hot meat in there a little later on.
And look at this, not only did the people inside the building recognize me on my birthday,
but even the people over there, a queer channel recognize me.
See, I know if I'm going to promote somebody, I'm going to spend money for an ad in the paper.
I'm going to be sure and mention mining.
I'm going to put in their...
They don't come out!
...surprised they didn't put what time I'm on.
That'll be next.
Yeah, the sports page and the second inside sports page in the hair of this morning.
Neal likes Phil.
What's that tell you?
The Phil Henry show, the super talk, etc.
What that tells me is the fact that my name is the first word in there that evidently Phil must have been right.
I am the best talk talent in America.
And they're very excited about the fact that even ever mentioned his name.
Are you sure positive?
So I do like Phil, but you know, quite frankly, we're still doing okay last time I checked.
Desperate Peter, desperate, not too creative, okay?
In fact, what is in the next ad say Phil says Neal's the best talk talent in America was in the paper last week.
By the way, speaking of what's in the paper, God.
If I can find an under the sea of a crappier, Barry Jackass does it again str...
I got to get this out of here.
One moment, please.
No, seriously, I keep getting this crap.
Don't take it personal, Peter, but I was there.
God.
I'm looking all kinds of crap over here.
And most of it looks pretty suspicious by the way.
So anyway, Barry Jackass has got this thing.
In fact, both of our local newspapers have got one thing in common.
They both love radio and TV stations and shows that have no audience, that have basically a...
Oh!
...that you have a .5 or less.
They love you.
Barry DeFerry writes a great column of sports town searching for ratings.
That's the headline.
Whammy anchors consistently excel.
But basically the thrust of the whole article is nobody's watching.
They have a .5.
Even we had better than a .5 on Whammy, okay?
They have a .5.
Better than the fan that Barry's been writing about pretzels late.
And the fan, by the way, is going to be doing that big high school football game
they've been promoting all week on the cell phone, because their equipment didn't arrive in time.
So they're going to be broadcasting a high school football game tonight on a cell phone.
Ah!
By the way, did I tell you that stuff off the top there?
It works.
I'm serious. I'm already getting a . . . Oh, man.
I assure you, I don't have what I had yesterday.
I told you about those sugar-free candies, the low carb candies from Delights.
But they each had four carbs.
Please, I'm begging you, look for a little snack to tie you over one or two at the most,
because if you eat a lot of them...
It'll make you sh-
Oh, boy.
Wow.
I mean...
...dumped up, dumped up, dumped up.
Wow.
Seriously, I mean, I don't think I can't remember the last time I lost three pounds in one day.
And you know where it all went?
...dumped up, dumped up, dumped up.
Just like my life, right down the drain.
...dumped up, dumped up.
Wow.
And the Harold not to be outdone, oh, I see it's both in the Harold.
I'm sorry.
Like I said, the Harold likes shows that have no audience.
The Harold not only has an article, but an editorial.
An editorial in the paper this morning at the bottom editorial.
Oh, my God.
20 years of brighter mornings, radio as it should be, about a guy named.
And here's even his picture on the editorial page, Bob Edwards.
Did we ever hear of Bob Edwards?
No.
Do I know anybody who ever heard of Bob Edwards?
No.
No.
I heard a Ralph Edwards.
Bob Edwards?
No.
No.
I heard a dog was said, words, Bob Edwards?
No.
No.
So we'll get to that.
And because it is my birthday, we'll take, you know, some of these calls.
But I'm going to play a lot of stuff today.
Kids are out of school and honor my birthday today, which I take very, very seriously.
Huh?
That's kind of an iced-dusty run, a part of the school boards.
10 past 10 at 560 WQAM?
No forcing of this broad guess.
Maybe reproduced without the express information on WQAM.
WQAM, deeply re-acquisition course.
You.
Yeah.
Listen to me.
This is Stand Bindstein for Soficking.
Understand where everything is held to the high Soficking standards.
The selection isn't just huge, it's Soficking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And Soficking's prices aren't as low.
They're Soficking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say Soficking as a beautiful store, I mean Soficking beautiful.
When I say, stab is helpful.
I mean Soficking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the Soficking and enjoy a selection that's Soficking huge.
A stab that's Soficking courteous.
And prices that are Soficking low, you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied, custom of Frank and Stein.
Soficking good.
You stand Franky.
Soficking good.
15 at 560 WQAM, a married woman is having an affair.
Whenever her lover comes over, she puts her 9-year-old son in the closet.
One day, the woman hears her husband's car in the driveway and puts her lover in the closet as well.
Inside the closet, the boy says, it's dark in here, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
The lover replies, you want to buy a baseball little boy asks?
No, thanks, the man replies.
I think you do want to buy a baseball little boy says.
OK, how much the man replies after considering the situation you send?
$25.
The little boy replies.
$25.
The man repeats, but complies to keep the kid quiet.
The following week, the lover is visiting the woman again when she hears her car in the driveway and again places the lover in the closet with her little boy.
It's dark in here, isn't it?
The boy starts off.
Yes, it is.
The man replies.
One of my baseball clubs, the little boy asks, OK, how much the hiding lover responds, acknowledging his disadvantage.
$50.
The boy replies, and the transactions completed.
The next weekend, the boy's father says, hey, son, get your baseball and gobble, place him catch.
I can't, I sold them, replies the boy.
How much do you get for him, said the father expecting to hear the profit in terms of lizards or candy?
$75.
The boy says, $75.
That's Steve where I'm taking you to the church right now.
You must confess your sin, ask for forgiveness, and the father explains as he hauls the child away.
At the church, the little boy goes into the confessional.
If you're as the curtain sits down and says, it's dark in here, isn't it?
Don't start that crap in here, the priest says.
All right.
That's bad.
Thank you, whoever affects that, that's lovely.
What name did I get wrong, by the way?
He's back on, he'll tell you himself.
Where is he?
Oh, it's a lawn.
What did I call him?
Oh, Lou, well, you've been called worse than that, I'm sure.
Hello.
It's black.
Oh, it's black because you didn't get that.
But I know I checked it this morning.
But it's black.
I can't turn over that fast.
Now I have to hang up on all these people including the, uh...
We got all these people online.
Including somebody from Amsterdam.
Somebody real for Managed It in, unlike the effect that we had today.
So in other words, on my birthday, this is what Greg Reed gives me for my birthday.
Again, a phone system that doesn't work.
Here it is, guys, and girls.
Black, go, black, go, black, go, black, go, black, go.
There you go.
That's what I get on my birthday from management.
Even the salesmanager, that bitch gives me a nice Tommy Hilla,
a little fewer shirt.
Loft Lindsey, the program director, brings in a beautiful and, by the way, it's delicious.
Stop, thank you.
And I saw these are cubed cheeses and meat from publics.
I'm sure it's from publics.
It's great.
Delicious.
Birthday card here signed by all kinds of people, even the prestigious Kid Curry,
who says, you're right, she was a great piece of ass.
But what do I get from Greg Reed?
A phone system that doesn't work again.
Even on your birthday, you can't smile in this place.
Even on your goddamn frickin' birthday, you have to have a sour push.
It wasn't bad enough.
I saw that frickin' bitch that was in here.
See, and by the way, for the salespeople, I'm sorry that I seem even more sour and moody than usual
when you guys came in here, but I saw her in the middle of the pack there, the leader of the pack.
And I thought to myself, what the hell is that bitch doing in here?
How should she come in here with a straight push?
Is he back?
No.
Oh.
Now, if this is like the call we had from Amsterdam, then how are we supposed to tell?
Hello?
There was some strange talking.
Hello?
Yes?
Uncle Neil?
Yes, sir.
I really am an answer, damn happy birthday.
From my day out.
Thank you.
And X floored an exile to the nation's capital.
Really?
Yes. Born and bred raised in Miami and I escaped in 88.
And 98?
You live there?
I live in Washington, DC.
Oh, I see.
Oh, that's a good thing.
I'm vacationing in Amsterdam today and for a while longer.
And it's overcast cloudy and fishing down the little ran.
Dripping.
It's dripping a little bit.
It's dripping a little bit.
They had that problem there a little bit too early.
Oh, yeah.
They don't have that cloudy.
So where are you staying?
I'm staying at the Marriott over in the lights and playing.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
And right now I'm at the Peavot and Central, right now in the street from Central Station.
Excellent.
Going into the red light district and having a good time.
Beautiful.
We made the wreck with the stop to pick up the well, you know.
Watch where you step.
That's all I'll tell you.
I was very narrow sidewalks and narrow streets.
You get a little wet and slippery.
Watch where you step.
That's what you're going to.
Exactly.
Well, listen, say how do my friends on the dam rack?
I'm staying near the casino so that could be a little dangerous.
See, here's the tram.
Listen.
Can you hear that?
All right.
All right.
I'll be there shortly in a couple of weeks as a matter of fact.
Well, hopefully we'll weather clear up for you.
I'm having a good time.
I'm having a good time.
I have all my friends over there.
I even know some of their names.
Have a great time, pal.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
See, there you go.
It amste then.
They love me.
There's a real call from Amsterdam.
I like that Jack asked.
They called a couple of days ago.
They wouldn't let them in the city.
They took away his visa and passport.
Here's Brackenport.
Lutterdale.
Factes me.
Birthday.
Which.
Here's my chronic friend Michael and Kendall.
Thank you very much.
And the factes happy birthday.
Nice.
Very nice.
But then again, a kind of a sour start there because we just can't get this going.
I bet you that line nine is working all over the country.
Isn't it?
No.
No.
But here's a call from Venice and we don't mean Italy.
Hello.
Hello Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
I'm calling to thank you for many years of enjoyment.
I've listened to you off and on to your on WFU and.
Oh, God.
Yeah, oh, God is right.
I'm listening to you on 770.
Great.
I really appreciate your bits and you make me think.
And happy birthday and many more and tell those cheap bastards to own that station to get you some good equipment.
Yeah, I'm holding my breath.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Bye.
Have a great life.
Yeah, get us some equipment in here.
You think?
Oh.
No, okay.
Well, we'll talk to George, your course, so about it.
If he ever shows up again.
If he ain't doing those other 85 things, we'll talk.
Yeah, right.
This place, are they ever going to change?
No.
Just go with the flow, baby.
Just do the best you can.
That's all you can do.
Just keep taking the checks.
Go through the motions.
Do the best you can.
20 years of brighter mornings.
Get a tour of the hair over the picture of this guy.
Looks like he's about 110.
Makes me feel like a teenager.
Radio is it should be.
I mean, how come they don't put in either newspaper?
Yeah, near Rogers, 57 today, the hottest local number one in the market for the last
hundred years, that they put that in there?
Oh, because they hate me like poison and the feeling is mutual.
So what do they do?
They try to puff up.
First of all, very jackass puffing up whammy that nobody is watching with ratings that are invisible,
with a whole gigantic column about them.
And you know something very, nobody is watching them.
And nobody's listening to the fan that you wrote front page columns about.
Nobody's listening to either one of those pieces of crap.
By the way, thanks to Dr. Bob by the way for the antibiotics.
I had like a little sinus infection, is what's had me sick these last three weeks.
And I went and saw my good buddy Dr. Bob up there in the Tamarack.
It's definitely out the back door because the front waiting room was starting to fill up with old people
and they took me out the back door.
Thank you Gary, for getting me out of there safely, okay?
But anyway, the anti, you can even hear it in my voice.
I can speak today.
I've got, see, how do you like that?
A little flun test.
It says it happens every weekday.
Millions of Americans wake up with Bob Edwards,
shower with Bob Edwards, breakfast with Bob Edwards,
and listen to Bob Edwards on route to work.
Puked their guts out.
The Bob Edwards, how do you like that?
Anybody ever hear it exactly?
And it says, we thank heaven for that as well as listeners who do to play contributed to the National Public Radio.
See, this is a suit approach again.
The suit approach.
The suit of intellectuals, religion and national public radio.
I don't know anybody listens to NPR.
Mr. Edwards, of course it says, is the genial host of one of NPR's definitive programs,
Morning Edition, a nutritious pop-holeery of news and features that today celebrate
to 20th anniversary on the year.
All radio should aspire to its standards.
How do you like that?
All radio should aspire to a guy that nobody ever heard of before on public radio.
And it goes on and on, even on since it is.
It says, the sad fact is that if Morning Edition didn't exist, it would need to be invented.
Commercial radio is all but abandoned, serious news coverage, in favor of chat and shock talk.
Oh, shock talk.
Metropolitan newspapers and cable news networks fill some of the void, but for Herried Commuters,
others whose mornings are spent on the run or with the runs,
is just one surefire antidote for news deprivation, Morning Edition, Happy Anniversary Team,
and editorial in the Haroldus morning.
I'm on a show, I'm on a guy that nobody ever heard of before.
Bob Edwards.
You can go out on the street right now and ask a hundred people at random.
You know who Bob Edwards was?
And you know what they all would say?
That's what they'd all say.
Who that?
Oh, here's, Lon is back, and again, I'm sorry, I apologize, profusely,
for the fact they work for a horseball radio station with bad equipment.
Happy birthday, sir.
Thank you, sir. Lon, Lou, whatever your name is this?
I've been called much worse than Lou, but Lou is pretty bad.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, I don't want to confuse you with that chronic Lou from the hockey games.
That's right, huh?
I'm Debbie on a mobile.
Listen, I just wanted to let you know, in addition to Happy Birthday,
we provide free installation if you so desire.
Oh, no, we'll install it.
Okay.
Well, enjoy it.
I feel a little scurry, it's the mural of a Brian Scootle in there.
Yeah, I didn't know who it was.
I just knew he wasn't with the team anymore.
Yeah, well, that's good.
The way things are going these days, it's probably speaks well for him.
Is that cigar worth anything?
I don't know, George will tell you when he finishes.
Okay, and let me know how you like that cassette.
Okay.
I think there's some things on there that really will charge you up.
Thanks, Lon.
Take care.
See you, Lou.
I mean, Lon, see you.
Bye, Neil.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call in St.P. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Birthday.
Thank you.
I was a fan of yours in Miami for many years,
and we've got stuck moving over here with a job,
and I listen to you occasionally on the computer,
and I want you to wish you a happy birthday.
Well, that's sweet.
Have a good day.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Right.
See, there you go.
Our out of town line is working, I haven't even given the number out yet.
Is it working the rest of the country?
No.
We'd be getting calls from all kinds of places,
and a guy from Amsterdam, by the way, was on his dime.
And what was actually there?
On the lightest plane.
Or whatever the hell they call that.
Oh, God.
Scary, you know what?
Just a thought of her coming in here, that psychotic bitch.
My biggest fan.
Yeah, that's what what's your name?
Kathy Bates said to us, sweetheart.
I'm your biggest fan.
Here's Evan Chura.
Hello.
Evan Chura.
Okay, sir.
Suck up one, if.
Yeah, okay.
Here's Davie.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Birthday.
On my birthday, they're still playing games today.
Yeah.
I'll leave it to me easily, greed to ruin everything.
You know what I'm saying?
Not bad, even the callers.
They're playing games.
Yeah.
They're playing with it.
Yeah, I just want to wish a happy birthday.
I don't call that much.
I enjoy your show.
And, you know, we'll have many more.
Okay, thanks.
All right, bye-bye.
Okay, I'm going to play a bunch of stuff at it.
That's what I was going to do anyway.
Because, you know, it's going to be boring four hours of...
Happy Birthday, and it'll be pretty boring.
Because this week has been probably the worst week I can recall ever in my life.
Is line four working by the way?
Oh, here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Mobile in Hylia.
Garden.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Hey, long time, listen to the fan.
All right.
And, of course, I got to say happy birthday.
Thanks.
Well, listen, I got to tell you, the reason I call is because I'm going to answer them in a couple of weeks.
Right.
And I heard you say that you're going to be there, too.
Yeah.
Where are you going to be?
Far away from you.
Oh.
I'm going for the cannabis cup.
Yeah.
I think it'll be exciting.
We're going to be there for that?
No, I'm not going to be there for that.
Oh.
All right.
I'll probably be finding some other cups over there, but not the Canada cup.
Canada's cups.
Well, I don't know what that is.
Oh, cannabis cup.
Canada is cup.
Oh, yeah, the worldwide competition.
Yeah, we'll be there for that.
Okay, good.
Hey, can you do me a favor?
Yes, sir.
It's all good.
One time, Friday.
Okay, a long time ago, I heard you play some song about Uranus.
Yeah.
Can you repeat that?
You got it.
Oh, great.
Have a great time, pal.
You, too.
I'll see you on the dam rack.
Okay, great.
See you at McDonald's.
Okay.
He's laughing.
Believe me.
After you've a couple meals there, you'll be at McDonald's, too.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WQF.
Jim Mandage talks sports.
Yeah.
Right here.
On sports radio, 5, 60 QAM.
210 years ago this March, astronomer William Hershel discovered the planet Uranus.
To commemorate this historic event, your public library is proud to present a special salute
to Uranus, complete with books and magazines to help you study Uranus.
And the special display that allows you to examine Uranus more closely.
Why, after one visit, you'll be able to find Uranus with both hands tied behind your back.
So stop by your library and discover Uranus today.
Here's the fact from Port Myers.
It says, say Happy Birthday to Pete, too.
It was a big fan of it.
Here on the West Coast, here's my birthday. Happy Birthday Pete.
St. Pete, whatever the hell your name is.
By the way, you know, talk about the pod calling the kettle black.
It was Greg Reed that was in here telling me about the fan and about that high school football game
and they're doing the show over cell phone and yada yada yada laughing at them.
He's laughing at some other stations equipment.
And we can't even get the guy named Phon on the air any day of the week.
And our out of town line is working for like what about four counties.
And you're laughing at somebody else.
See, this is the experience that you have with Greg talking about radio.
It's always about everybody else's deficiencies, which we ought to kiss the ground for,
because that's the only reason that.
And here we're building, you know, we're building 35 million a year.
They're not building 35 dollars a year over there at the fan.
So we can understand why they can't afford to get the equipment over to the broadcast
of high school football games. They're not building 35 cents.
We're building 35 million and we still can't get the equipment right over here.
You know what I'm talking about? I think you do by now.
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
I'm Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Happy birthday. Can you hear me?
Thanks. Yes, I hear you.
Hey, I think fans of the show I call in when I can interject them and I tell you an opinion.
I was listening to your show the day that you demanded it no more giveaways.
You'll never give another thing away in the radio station.
Absolutely correct.
And it must have been a couple of minutes after you said that.
Somebody called up for tickets that you had already given away.
Oh, yeah, listen, I had a guy.
Two of us.
Took us to a cello.
I had a guy called, yeah, a couple of days ago, once my daughter had tickets to the game this weekend,
which I gave away. How many months ago?
Yeah.
Well, the reason for my call, I didn't want to give anything away.
I'm going out of town November 20th of the Panther Penguin game.
I don't want him to go away.
I don't want you to give anything, but if we could trade, I've got nice lower bowl seats for that Panther game.
Yeah.
I'll take a set of dolphin tickets, dog, your hands. That's not a giveaway.
You're getting a better deal on a trade there.
I thought you just got to your saying that I gave all my dolphin tickets to Joe Castro.
I'll give him one of that.
Give him one of the way.
Right.
Oh, I thought it was a game.
No.
Well, maybe I'll donate him then.
If I can't donate him for you to, you're not going to get more people to them.
No, that's right.
Oh, all right.
It's a thought. Happy birthday, Neil.
Thanks anyway, pal.
Say how to my client.
Give him a big kiss for us.
Happy birthday, Neil. Happy 57 birthday, baby.
Look at that.
You got some open lines on here.
We got a whole bunch of open spots on here, even our salesman, who says we don't.
I was Peter Leonard doing, by the way, he's in delight to see.
Huh? How's he doing with that spot?
Oh, what do you want to do in a pal?
What do you want to do?
It's all done. It's done.
You're done.
Yeah. Pull the chain on that thing.
Let's see what happens.
Let's blow this joint to bits.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
That's what, look at that.
It's stuck to the ceiling.
Look at that.
Squirt, squirt.
Wow.
Any of you guys out there probably be impressed by this.
You guys are always trying to hit the ceiling.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line at New World Famous Marginal Florida Line for a couple of counties.
It's 1-8-777-785-0.
877-785-63-45.
Even on my birthday, I'm sitting here pumping it, pumping it, pumping it, and the number two, it's very, very sad.
It's really sad.
Huh?
There's no feeding.
There's no motion.
And by the way, still have that one birthday card there, came in from a guy in Palm Beach
that I never want to heard from in the first place that poet, and you don't know it.
That Jackass with his OJ poem.
Here's the facts from my ex-boredop Michael.
Michael Nadal from the OLD Days.
George says I would not remember who that is and he's right.
But thanks anyway, Mike, whoever you are.
Well, you know, when you get to be 50-70, you get to be old and senile.
You don't remember all these people.
That's a good excuse.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I want to see your collar wishing you a very happy birthday and many blessed.
Well, thank you so much.
And have a good year and hope that you'll have a remote down in the area soon.
Okay.
Thank you.
And the please pray for me.
I will.
I needed here.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, don't forget speaking to remote.
It'll be doing our appearance at Specs in South Dade and the Gables.
Is that really well?
Yeah, it's whatever it is.
And the Gables next to Saturday from Noon to Two.
That's right across from you of him.
On US-1, Dixie Highway.
Whatever it has you want to call it.
Noon to Two next Saturday.
And the center one will have the key chains or the buttons or whatever you want to call them.
Which by the way, we got them in the hand finally.
It is.
Thanks, Carol.
And of course, you can go to your specs in the meantime over there on the West Coast in four mires.
And what's the store coconut and Naples?
The guy said, Adam.
For the best of the LCDs and cassettes.
And of course, all the specs here in Dade Browden, Palm Beach.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
Happy birthday, man.
Thank you, sir.
Yeah, this is Ariel.
I appreciate your man for taking the time out and going to read the book.
I appreciate his honor.
I don't say that yet.
I'm thinking about it.
Okay.
Don't keep carried away, Harry.
Okay.
So I love you, Phil, having a birthday.
And the dolphin will play Minnesota football.
Okay.
All right.
You have a good day, sir.
Whatever you say, Harry.
Okay.
Okay.
And deliver this.
There's Harry, uh, so that's who keeps calling every day.
Now they send me that guy to the book and I made the mistake of talking about it on the year for ten seconds.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line, 21 to 11, a QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Fuck you.
I am the pickle.
Parts.
Chris.
For out to make you pucker.
I am the pickle.
And I am infinite in my variety.
I am the butter chip.
Lately, limply and lovingly upon your hamburger.
I am the sweeter pin.
Small and slender.
How you love the taste of my succulent flesh.
I am pickle ravage.
Chopped by and lavish liberally over the top meat of your winter.
And I am the mighty kosher deal.
First thing from the earth.
Long, thick and hard.
Covered with hundreds of tiny bumps.
Who'd you to partake my circumcised blender?
I am the pickle.
And I am nature's penis.
This message brought to you in honor of International Pickle Week
by the Pickle growers of America.
Who were my due to open life and bite the big one.
You call that a penis?
16 to 11 at 560 WQA.
I'm happy birthday, Neil.
Thank you.
Happy birthday to all you other stiffs who are whatever you are.
Hopefully, a lot younger than I am on the script in November.
Fifth in November, a lot of people have birthdays on the state for some reason.
A lot of people are important people.
Your buddy Ken Block.
Like I said, the gameplay is there all out today.
Like do we have any like real listeners out there?
No.
I've noticed that all week long.
We don't have any real listeners.
All we have are the game players.
Chronic, assholes, old niscuts, malaconsense, knitwits, troglobites.
560, 560, pound 560.
I'm just going to play the rock.
OK, I was going to do that originally.
And I saw we had some calls there in the beginning.
I thought, well, maybe I'd like to rest of the week.
We might actually get a little response here today since it is my birthday.
And maybe there's some people out there that have something to say.
Not going to happen, is it?
No.
No.
So what I said.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
I'm going to play the rock.
What anyone makes wise songs have eliminated or also a major significant.
The Boat works out a lot of times the best of their male practices.
Quiz will win the medal Play the Rock hard for today.
And the boys in 566, up to me,
and the strongest possible of age is theiacus.
The longest standing misfit of them all going back 23 years is number by the way is 305 932 85 42
You might want to call in the hassle him, okay?
23 years of hearing crap you think that just maybe once just as a surprise in 23 years
Maybe just once you might actually have something civilized to say no
I
Think maybe if he burst his teeth once that might help you don't say once would be a good idea
305 932 85 42 for the worst chronic of them all
My ain't it's my ain't it's
My ain't it's my ain't it's
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's
Hi kids y'all like cut little fingers that fun little sound that comes right out your fingers
What a copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about
My brains all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on
Dr. Dreass your major pastor
What do I smell ass?
New low-press well since age 12 it seemed like I always smell that
I thought gripping gasses and dootin was pretty swell
I got this off when I took my jeans off and bought it so hard
My luck was backwards like crisscross and every night I'm like oh dinner last and one of my ass
Fasted a fat bitch you ain't too fat smell this honey
Tell you wait a minute girl, cuz I don't give a fuck God sent me to think the world up
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it's
See to one of me kicked out back in junior high said the problem was something
Proved up my ass and died. I shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when I covered his death
With you toy the paper walked in the strip club my testants will fill the move the bartender took a dozen of ticco
Went over to a dancer had a fucking a garter. She lifted a leg up and I do she was a father
I
Was
My mom
I told her I throw up to be a famous rapper
They're about strange noise made on the crap
You know you was dirt when the living rush to leave
Drive the whole back, but she but he didn't
The sky white gas and said it was pretty cool. I had to go go drop the kids off and move
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
That's 50 24-25 60 W.2. I.N. Here's another guy who knows what it's like to get a old Phil Salsman
Hello Neil. How you doing Phil? My friend. I just wanted to take a minute to wish you the happiest and healthiest in birthdays
Thank you so much. I know I don't speak to you as often as I used to but I want you know I listen more really
Yeah, I'm you as I as you know the best. Hey, what's way we like it? Let's call him more listening
Oh, man, your case we'd make an exception. Well, thank you my friends. Well, say what are you 57?
Very good. Oh my god. That's what I say. Yeah, I feel I remember you at KAT when you were in your 30 when I was a punk
Yeah, punk that didn't have the balls to open his mouth. That's what you exactly
Anyway, you make me proud to know you and I once again, I just wanted which happy birthday
I'm talking right now with Gulfstream say hi to my friend Tom Durkin by the way. Tom. He's a hell of a
I will I'll mention them. I'll mention you to him when I see him and in fact
Be sure it's on the day leave both of us in his will as a matter of fact
Just in case
Okay, I'll do that. Thanks, Will
Okay, my friend enjoy the greatest cup we get. Okay, Zagazan you too. Thanks
Phil Salford airs a good guy the voice you called a racetrack
Yeah, Ken block how do you like that? Ah, lots of that that's a 23 years later. Has he grown up at all? No
Still the same juvenile. It's just amazing people don't change
People don't change. I'm sure that some of you out there. You know, you have class reunions some jackass
You went to high school when you're like 16 17 and now they're 45 50 whatever the hell you are
And you have a class reunion and guess what they're still assholes the ones that were assholes 40 years ago
They're still assholes. How do you like that? You know, I'm talking about I think you do. No, no. Yeah him too
Here's a mobile in deer field. Hello
Neil good morning. Yes, sir. Thank you. I got a hockey question for you. Uh-huh
All these guys are going after the stars and taking them out. How come they don't suspend the offender for the same length of time
That's what they ought to do. That's right
That if you're out for if you get somebody a engine they're out for two months. You ought to be suspended two months
Absolutely correct. However, but we've never done that because the players unions got the sweet deal going
But if they got any balls they better start doing that or somebody's going to get killed
I got a car for your birthday for all your dyslexic listeners
Lean dog. Okay. Have a happy birthday. Thank you. Thank you. Good. Exactly lean days
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
You can feel by the way carless just brought all the mail in there. Where's all the birthday cards
He wasn't bringing mail. What was he doing bringing his best wishes his best wishes
So what's different about any other day? I
Thought he had like our armload of mail those thousands and thousands of birthday cards that I'm waiting
Coming here, huh?
So you know, Georgia said many times and of course I think Georgia's a little bit
Carried away that the audience here isn't the same as the old I
The audience and just not the same and you know, maybe you're maybe I'm starting to come around after two years
No, seriously, you can feel the warmth. You know, it's like sitting on the top of the Arctic Circle
You can feel the warmth from this crowd right through your back. Don't yeah
Oh, look at that on a bad line because he's probably busy getting laid right now
Here's my good friend Jeff Cohen in between strokes happy birthday Neil. Thanks, Jeff man
I had no idea you were that old. Yeah, well guess what man. You'll get your catching up fast. I know it sucks. Yeah
But you don't look at you don't act it that's a good thing still the same
I was thinking that this morning as I stood there with a sharp razor in my hand
I was thinking you know no different than it was 1050. I would I would have never guessed same old fact that I was 15 20 years ago
I would have never guessed and a pair of lenders don't get his hand. Where's that spot Peter Leonard you jackass?
We don't care about all this crappy of bringing in here. Where's that spot?
By the way, just be glad Peter Leonard's not your AE. Okay, because your spot would never get on here if we were
There isn't a good one in your crowd anyway
We had a bunch of losers near which is why they're all wearing here sucking around. How do you like screw-in coming in here?
Is that good to go or what? Well, you know, oh, by the way when you cater her you're catering something for her. I understand
Um, I didn't know that could be yes. Yeah. Well next time I maybe I'll come over to the kitchen and cook up something special for okay
Just for her dinner only
That's cool. Uh-huh
Yep, I'm rummaging to the backyard for some real tasty treats for her
So I know you don't need an excuse to do something fun and special
Would anything for your birthday? Am I doing anything for my birthday? No, no, no, nothing. Zero. No
Okay, not even going anywhere
That's that's basically what I do, too. Yeah, I'm just gonna stay home and pull the covers over my head
As long as you're not alone. That's a good thing. I'll be alone
Okay, okay Jeff happy birthday
Go go go go
Okay, don't give up go hose off
Okay, see you Jeff Cohen you're looking for another plug for the world famous pizza loft and he got it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound
The 80 what was that that the smock Peter Lenders just brought in it? Where's his spot? It's almost 11 o'clock already
Where is his spot then he claims it's supposed to be on the air today?
He's busy making funny pictures on the cocky. Oh, this is so sad so sad
This is the problem here is that nobody takes this not a business. It's a playground
Nobody comes here to do business only monkey business
Monkey business
In fact wouldn't Peter Leonard be good behind bars and the monkey jungle or just behind bars anywhere would be good
Like in a rubber room
Here's four Myers hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, how you doing?
Okay, thanks sure
Oh, what's Maddie? I'm depressed. No, I'm not depressed. Oh, I wasn't depressed till about the
Half an hour ago. What was that?
Same old crap here today same old stuff
Same day same day different crap anyway, um, just want to wish you a birthday
pick up your keychain and your key shirts from center one great excellent
That's right by the way don't forget neowrangers.com on the internet on our website you can pick it up right off of there
I think everybody's gonna kill me now because the damn keychain is driving crazy
So that features a couple people batting at my door
Oh
Yeah, I got it in my hand right now. Oh really and keychain, too, right and I can't believe you guys actually got a one eight hundred number
Yeah, my god, and that's how that and which is supposed to be working for nation wide by the way, but the first is not
Yeah, right. I worked for at beesleys. I know what that crap's like and big reads in here making jokes about other stations equipment
We can't even get the phone calls on there, but listen
Thanks for the memories pal and give the beesleys a big kiss right on the old fat
Ever right there
That's what I say
Just hold your nose. Okay, just put a close to not you know as first that helps
Of course, anyway, the dresses like that that you know sleeps in our suits. You can probably a pretty aromatic
Five six oh what's that number any out of town line? I'm glad you ask. Let's see if it's working out of it
Maybe it is working all around you think it is no. How do you know that?
We're gonna change carriers so that we can get those features that we desperately need
Yes
Oh, we're gonna be sure they're not gonna probably be a yes, in other words bell south can't do this for us right
Well, you know what like I always said bell south sucks. Bell south sucks. Bell south sucks
I've always said that haven't I always said that you guys suck. Okay, they hate me in the feelings mutual
And by the way, we know you're screwing with our phone line
1056 at 560 QAM
This is 560 QAM QAM drops the green flag with motor sports Saturday Saturday morning said six with Chocostello right here on sports radio
560 QA
This is Debbie. Hello, hi Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done
Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if it's tummy tuck and the lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery face gift for all of these things
I'm just wondering more like steroids. Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my
My thing okay, we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though?
Can't be done
The lotion in the basket
How much?
Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too laser surgery
Have the lamb stop crying yet mommy excuse me don't hurt mommy's little baby
It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw to be okay
Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first and they're a bon-looking actually
We can tell you that when we see you should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy
Well, if you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes, okay
There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine
Okay
Okay
My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay, let me give you a little information from you. Okay
It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand it puts the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation for the lotion in the basket?
Okay
Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back or put the lotion in the basket? I understand
I got my skin suit nipple necklace
Bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like it?
It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket
Okay, I will talk you in the trim, okay? It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello
Three minutes after 11 at 560 WQM. Here's a nice artwork on this fax. It's very cute and clever
And it says happy birthday. It's said in a whole bunch of other stuff, but it's got no name on it
Otherwise, well, I got it
You got it. I got it
Here's the fax from old chronic pt the export of come one come on once here
Sofakine which I already played and also Jennifer Remdrops. How about a whole bunch of Jennifer Remdrop? Well
Congratulations get alive. He says
Thank you for all the energy at the hockey games. He says guess what here's the best news queer channels already repeating Phil Henry shows
Four times I heard the same show already at least already your stations are consistent. They all suck. How do you like that?
What's even on there five weeks so far? Would they do that?
Not as much for new tapes. You're asking I have no idea. I have no one doubt they can do. I don't know
Don't ask me. Are you sure? That's what it says
But the neal likes phillos. That's what it says in the paper this where I do like phillos
You good guy and a good talent, but he ain't neal. I'll say to that in addition to which you can hear that at night live and sit here in the same tape four times
How's Margaret doing by the way? Here's the fax from my good friend attorney Alan Melnick down here in the keys who says to quote one of
The many annoying rimmer cliches. Oh you and Alan Melnick get along well. You both hate rumor like poison
It says may you weave your magic for another fifty seven years
Ha ha ha
Weave your magic
And I'm better not pick on jigs and mcdom on my birthday. You know that cake by the way a little little stuff
I ate off the top. I'm telling you
Word of warning. I am worried the spot that Peter Rellender was gonna take care of getting that on a long today
Where is that which we know it's supposed to be running today? How come I mean he's only been in there 75 different times trying to yuck it up
And be a comedian see there's a guy who talks to the game
But when the boss comes in here, which he did when Peter lender was in your second or out of our quarter 10
All of a sudden he runs out of here. It's tell you oh, I'm getting away from this conversation. Oh
Just Peter no balls
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line here. Sir, I saw the hello
Hey, how you doing pretty good sir?
Discoplianio. Thank you. So what's up today?
The market's up on your birthday 100 points. It is so far 103 not bad
As jibber jabber and nirmery is running her mouth. How come David doesn't call to wish me happy birthday
Since he found out about online health at 15 and a half and sold at the six and a half you don't call me anymore Ted David
I don't know you need to get that american online stock nil though. I got what?
American online no I didn't
No, you should get it get it now
Well, not now, but it's not probably now. Yeah, tell it away from here. One of his 80 would have been nice
I just would I matter fact that's about where I got it at
I was 15 would have been nice too, you know when it was five it would have been real good. Yeah, I hear you
101 points and an Aztec sub 43 let's hear it on niels birthday
That's right
So you should be out of no, I'm sure it'll be among many that you got
It'll stand out conspicuously
Thanks a lot
Okay, thank you Bob Lasseter sucks
The rumor
5 6 7 0 5 60 the out of town line which it works for Florida only so now we're so how long is that gonna take now
I'm so deep presence you told me that and it's almost as bad as the phone's not working on our first time down here again for the
Eight-minute time how long is that gonna take now we start all over again
With the line
What line line nine that you told me we're now going to a different servers to get it probably
Yeah starting all over again
Should take another week to get the carrier switched I was just toad
Here's the blade runner girl. Hello happy birthday. Thank you. How are you okay?
That's good. Be pressed
What's wrong? I just found out that our line nine is in limbo again. Oh
I just found out that I work for total incompetent assholes, but then again I already knew that
Yeah, I see things on making fun of other radio stations that don't have any money
But when we're building 35 million year and they can't get us a phone line
I work right and they're making fun of other people
I clean up my own house first Greg before I'd start talking about some make believe god them
Kiddie radio station, but anyway, I'm sorry. Okay. Really depressed now. I see after all these years things don't change not here
Not in this place. Yeah, this is the pits
So how's everything else besides that everything else is wonderful. That's good
I have been until a couple games and I haven't seen you there
Like what games for that I do I missed the truck game in the Anaheim game. Those must be the games you were at. Yeah, I guess oh
Sorry, yeah, out of town, you know
It's how's John's great. Yeah, he's fine. That's good
Well, I hope you have a good one. Thanks
Thank you. Come by and see us one of these days. You're gonna be there Wednesday
And probably not oh, we'll be there we'll be there for the Buffalo game. When's that the 13th the 13th? Yeah
Are you sure it's that there's a Buffalo game on the 13th? I believe so
Well, I'll be there. All right come by and say hi. We'll see you then. See you
Bye-bye. That was Esther
5 6 7 0 5 50 poms so the press in psychotic where you just told me again more stone walling more stalling another good convening excuse
It ain't could have be it's five days and seven days and ten days and two weeks
If it would have been done right the first time if we would have gotten some people taking care of these things that doesn't happen around here
so
pathetic. I'm so embarrassed to be working at this radio station. I really am
On my birthday. That's one thing I want to emphasize. I'm humiliated and embarrassed
To be working for these people the inept people
The people who just can't get it right
And by the way Peter how's that spot coming sweetheart?
Anybody called you about getting that spot on the log today?
No, there's no fact in the church
The
It's
In
Pero
and
the five sixty w. m. so anyway uh... Eric fax is me a thing from the uh... yahoo
website
from uh... all access
parry simons that thank you by the way parry for recognize everybody should
pick the nice week
no playing parry for it okay probably the worst week that i've ever been on the
year in this town this week by far
thank you very much callers by the way you made this the worst week of my life
and of course wouldn't you know this is the week around all access on the
internet all over the universe
that we were the featured show with the whole biography on your very nicely
done and very nicely said thank you parry simon whoever you are
and we apologize profusely for the not my performance but the performance of
the softwold idiots okay
here's robert since we are birthday fax thank you robert
and also nice wishes there for my friend
ira kuda such a great job on our website
new oranges dot com where you can get all the s and one stuff by the way
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line eight seven
seven seven eight five nil seven five sixty three forty five
on the ill-fated florida line
the ill-fated line nine the ill-fated we just can't get a right line
but why was your life at that fan what
got a broadcast of high school football game on a cell phone
probably some better than a lot of our remotes
here's point and beach hello
hello nil yes
i'm calling to wish you a very happy birthday
yeah and thank you so much for years
a babysitting me and my geriatric friends over here at kings point
uh...
how you doing you'll okay happy birthday
uh... just call on to uh... see i wanted to ask you actually you've been a
canter several times obviously yeah more than once yes and uh...
read in the paper and i saw the news last night that that heat player got busted
for two grams of marijuana yes
and uh...
swarrow is it illegal up there yes it is uh... why didn't you not get arrested
i don't know they didn't even get arrested they made me a right phone number
maybe they want to make sure you pay in the game last night which he did not but
they lost anyway by a big margin heat so i guess they figured the making
difference where they just scared of them up there because you the spots uh...
they don't they don't they're very intimidated by big sports is up there is a
fight you know by try to get you to an event cover they would have said that we
don't care if i were to try to bring something up there you think they'd arrest me
yes yeah absolutely yeah
for a long time
you ever come at the palm beach no
never you have a lot of fans appear
well i'll tell you one thing you know we have that line nine for palm beach which
you could have called on by the well or probably somebody else's paying for
this but uh... we don't get any calls from palm beach on it now be paying for
i'm sure my bill is about fifty dollars or so you will let me say again line nine
okay got you and you'll yes sir in celebration of your of your use
would you mind playing young you today okay thanks
uh... five six seven oh five sixty at line nine is sitting there dead as a
door nail we put this thing in a great expense we had a scream and threatened
the sue and threatened to walk out and they put this thing in and the piece of
craft to begin with the palm beach can call on there and four mires and
apples and all over the goddamn place all over florida it's still sitting there
eight seven seven seven seven eight five eight seven seven eight five sixty three
forty five of course eight seven seven by the time you get to with all these
numbers nobody can remember it anyway you know i'm talking about it really it's a
it's a real sucking number the whole deal blows
like i said here's a mobile and four miles on that line hello
hello nil yes sir did i hear you say the other day that uh... you were you
were in calamazoo at one point yes i was nineteen fifty eight and nine
six all of you only two years and no i was wasn't off yeah okay that was
enough what would mean only two years well i was born and brought a great
there yeah i'm sorry it took a time it's a good time yeah i didn't realize
that you were there i was in michigan for twelve years man i was the Marco Polo
of small market radio
i said just michigan albie and michigan martial michigan calamazoo michigan
oh you get all the big you know all the big spots that's right you got it
yeah i graduated in sixty six so happy birthday you know you're a lot older than
i am today thank you you're welcome and i feel like it thank you okay there's a
guy from four mires thrown a little stuck here in there
here's hollywood hello
good morning you yes sir i've been listening to you for a while i got down here in
uh... softwood in eighty eight i'm transferring out here very shortly and uh
i couldn't pick a better day to thank you for the years of uh... uh...
comedy and all that uh... sincerely uh... you've done a great job and i
made my day on many occasions you're you're you're you're you're well you're
welcome okay have a great day thanks a lot pal yes sir good luck to you okay
y'all need it he don't need he's getting out of here
look at this we got sixteen open lines here like i said let's play the rack you
know otherwise i get really depressed
does make any difference is your birthday it's your anniversary your dog just
had a heart attack whatever it is to make any difference here
just like the women in our city tremendous number women call this happy birthday
yeah no not they don't care
we just don't have time we're listening but we don't have that we don't care
enough to send our very best well to you okay honey like that bitch you
other day she doesn't have time to care
you know these people who come up to me we we listen but we don't have time to
call you but she doesn't even have time to care much less to call
although she did have time to call she just doesn't have time to care about
dead people about playing crashes about kids being shot about all of these
things she just doesn't have time to care
hmm
here's howl and they'll hello hello niel yes sir how you doing you happy birthday
thanks long time first time all right
and you I wanted to call you have a little story for you the true story
my wife's been trying to get a job at a radio station
Hispanic radio station from Raul and Arcon
Raul Madacon right that one all righty
she goes she goes there about two months ago and knows
you know she meets a few people between them
Freddie Cruz and this last week she went there and she knows she's
very close to Freddie Cruz office and she sees this
picture of his daughter yeah so um he tells her you want to see more picture
of him or good five six seven oh five fifty pound five how how did I know that I
was going to have to dump that there was a
summary that I knew that I was going to have to
I mean just from the minute that I said hello you just had the feeling in the
pit of your rectum that you were going to have to dump this asshole
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless lines even
were true story why would you have to show pictures
here's Miami hello hello no yes sir well I'm calling the
face I loop that's in Donnie happy birthday um you know I'm saying like
like you guys said you've been babysitting a lot for me you know like when I
get home from work or I'm away to school writing up a joint
to Neil you know always got a laugh for me always
that's right baby even on the day that I wake up and I'm
as early as you are you know I'm saying I'm so
smiling because you know Neil guy is driving the funny stuff
I got a story but actually that's super talk they're totally annihilating
social yeah I don't know if you've listened then but I have no I have
not I listened one night like the second that he was on he was doing
Margaret again and that was the end of my listening yeah we're doing like I
mean they're doing station IDs right over four like starting to us they have
little sports of dead air like you know during the sightings and
these shots are on positive yeah yeah
Neil I'm in school I know I got a lot of class I don't have much fun but I've
never asked for a signature question I'm going to be both and ask for one
today go ahead it's all request Friday it's my birthday on your birthday you
can't refuse the request of a decision right that's wrong there you go
didn't think about that I'll give you a choice in the zero vote I would like to hear
either red cock or head okay that's only a theme it's a scene you know what I'm saying
yeah it's a theme I have a new idea we're working on it and the theme too okay I
rebelled there to you what do you say we need to be you've found a red dog you've
chugged a red wolf now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red
cock red cock's foamy head will leave you breathless red cock goes down easy and it's
never hard on your throat so reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red
you can shake it and spray it all over remember you can't beat a red cock just look for the
label with the big red pecker on the front hi Felicia Gini I love your dress and your hair looks
so shiny and manageable are you still shampooing with head and shoulders I got sick I thought
using head and shoulders a long time ago I mean honestly who grows hair on their shoulders
anyway yeah right so what are you using now well it's light head and shoulders only without all
those additives it's just called Chad let's tell them about it girl
if you tie your thumbs your own hands and put your hands around the face and be lazy
and you can't just remember what I said you feel better if you get some head wow where can I
get head lots of places chicks you can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you the
head in 50 minutes I'll have you shampooed styles and blown dry she you don't miss a lick do you
tense down breathe but is it expensive not at all chicks I'd rather say there are places
downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars jolly that's that price everyone should
be getting head that's right chick when you say head you set a mouthful hi I'm Dr. Raymond
Felicia from Freedom Island District in the tells you why you should get head first at lubricate
each limp hair follicle leaving in a wrecked listening shaft then the scalp's natural oils are
sucked out of the root leaving your hair soft shiny and exhausted nothing does the job like head
great can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce probably but you might want to try your girlfriend first
horse foot
what hair with lots of volume nothing gets it up like head available a price you won't find
hard to swallow and it's going down every day honey we're out of shampoo can you go out and
get some head what did you say I said I want you to go out and get head oh thank you sweet
Jesus I'm going down down and head makes a great holiday gift last Christmas my wife gave me some
then I gave her a pearl necklace I've never seen her so choke up my girlfriend used to give me head
and then we got married now I'm lucky if I get dirgans lotion and a national
yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh oh oh oh oh oh god oh head shampoo come on give it a shot my
hi air looks great you the nap how do I happy birthday to our coffin our close personal
friend Cheryl or whatever she's calling herself these days do we hear from either one of them
today no I'll be god damn maybe she decided the romance of great they moved there with her
multi-millionaire boyfriend 1127 a QAM this is 560 QAF D-Bo's Tony sports shoe down are you up to
the challenge no Saturday mornings and eight only on sports radio 560 QA
and start my show with all about something special
oh oh oh oh you're making it right now come on I don't look like me
oh are you ready hey brought by something I wanted to show you oh I wonder what it is it looks like
looks like a like the pussy that's me bag boy hey what can I catch it sure go ahead run your hands
hey like well hey what's this right here that is the blow pipe what do you do with the blow pipe you
blow it lad blow you put your mouth around it and your blow okay can I do that hey would you like
a blow my pipe lad it okay sure okay come on lad you got to put your mouth around it lad don't be afraid
it's not gonna break like like this hey that's a boy speak around the way down your throat
hey you think you do it right what's this over here that's mid shunter what do we do with that what
you do with that lad is you put your both hands on it you cover the hole and you run your hands up
and down the shaft real quick hey run your hands up and down it there now what you want to do laddie
is you want to blow on the pipe you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle and then you want to
run your hands up into the shaft real quick okay go together all at the same time okay here we go
sure hey good laddie keep more move harder laddie harder squeeze the bag squeeze more let's run your
hands up and down the shaft faster move your hands up and down the shaft
you're not again after the kids me but it's maybe how do I joke the Vera from FIU I got the your
facts with your eight million pages of the thing which I promised I would take the survey for you
which I finished more than already and now he's sending the facts again Joe Joseph whoever you are
stop doing is stop wasting our facts paper between you and the breeders cup people we
they're having to knock down a whole goddamn forest just to make the paper that you people are
wasting on our facts machine stop Joseph the Vera stop I hear it in the background run it now
it's like a 30-page survey okay if circle this circle lad circle jerk and I fill it all out
and now he's fixing it again Joseph I love you sweetheart but stop wasting our goddamn paper okay
no damn it here's a call from Bokeh hello yeah I know happy happy happy happy sure thank you listen
oh there was a little bit too many sevens in that number if you could give it one more time for us
you know how people and the other thing is is wouldn't mean by that well you're at 1877 seven seven seven seven seven seven
eight three eighty five yeah whatever it is well it's a bad number I mean if we had like one
eight hundred crap or something like that you can figure it out but I mean first of all they give
me a number that nobody can remember and then they give me a number that isn't going to work
the way it's supposed to and now Bell South can't do it right so now we're going to go to some other
Mickey Mouse phone outfit and we're going to have to start all over again only here at QAM baby
there's a purpose to it right yes it stalls off those real loud stuff saving them a lot of cash anyway
uh...
hollywood uh... stars in the hollywood bullboard out in california yeah i'd see that uh...
so we just the imitator bleach blonde uh... christina
got a star there i don't know if you know but those stars go to people that pay uh...
certain fee to the chamber of commerce really so it has nothing to do with
you know what does she have to do with hollywood and television absolutely nothing
absolutely right she's never got a better right
but that you know just so everybody understands they don't want her kind out there
if they have it's uh... you pay the chamber of commerce there
a certain fee whatever it is five ten thousand and then you're blessed with a
well who heard the guy then paloming or she wrote in wrote on and listen can i get a
couple request here erection and the farmers daughter with the fluffy uh... skirt
okay thanks
uh...
erection with a fluffy skirt so anyway teachers for the failing schools i don't
want to get serious on my birthday today but i can't resist mentioning this
because this bush bastard these all just unbelievable i want to worry
but i totally when they were starting with this crap
the dnf schools the teachers are fleeing from there they're running like they're
having a guy then forth fire on the inside
so the schools that are failing our instead of getting them the additional
help that they need and making sure that they have better teachers what they're
doing is encouraging people leave and making them the dregs
so that we can have a truly a leetist school system and preferably at all
private school system as we totally put the last nails in a coffin of the public
school system nice going bush boys
it's the bush boys baby the a leetist born with a thing up their god damn nose
what don't happen to that thing i wanted to play
it's a feeling of saying
it's hiding me he's denied
he was fencing his body
he ain't for feeling of saying
he ain't for feeling of saying
so yeah that's a thing
your choice to tackle him he was a kid
who knows it wasn't very good today
what do you do just call him a kid
he was the white house he'd be all here
like a sad rich guy
so he can't be seen
like two or two times of a time of his and a half
that's the way it was
when a total of nobody denied it today
George was here
he was never getting to say
he was the head of the same
he was
23 till noon at five sixty wq m we got hank is going to be doing a show out of
Gulfstream big breeders cup which by the way we should appreciate if they'd
also stop faxing all this stuff over here for hankinette camp on this isn't
their fax machine and he's not in a building anyway and it's not going to get
to him stop wasting our fax paper you crazy people you please
please
here's my me sure as hello
hey nil yes sir happy birthday to you
thank you they sang that to me about a month
well last month i have my 58 oh my god
i'm older than you now yeah you have to bow down to me yeah
uh everyone's waiting that will just really get you going
along with the schools yeah you uh do you have today's mimey here
that's uh back here somewhere okay well the front page
and it's right next to Christina's picture getting in
stars that the guy just talked about and says and it's got this guy's
picture as well with presidential candidate to one of them in Guatemala
Guatemala candidates are killing boost
rating he is reputed to have killed two
Mexican legal professors he is well being a legal
professor they were arguing over who should have been
dean of the school yeah he says that he killed them in self-defense
others say now he left the bar came back with a gun
stop he killed them and he is now the leading candidate for president of
Guatemala there he goes a man who can get this a man who can
defend his life and defend the life of citizens
that's one that's his that's what we need that's why we need chuck heston for
president man well of course of course I and and really not he because he
didn't kill anybody we have to get them out of the jails now whether the murder
is loose that's not the one for my any commissioners uh-huh and then they
can defend this but we already got criminals on the commission we don't need
to know but we don't know if there's a mere in there for like the dictator of
Dayton Brawler yeah but you well that can't get anything or two that little pussy
but you see the thing is on the commission we don't actually have accused
uh-oh he wasn't accused they let it go so long that the statute of limitations ran out yeah
but he is now the number one you might as well speak into the president of Guatemala
you see that the Boston interview up there the Boston TV station they asked George W
uh-uh the president of a couple of countries here the yesterday you see that four countries
and you see what his response was yeah what is this some kind of interrogation is this like
50 questions uh-uh just answered a question dummy and his answers were yeah
so I'm sure George W is gonna be but I uh-uh
here Jeff yeah and of course we remember how his wife would what happened to her coming back
from power yes we do yes yes we do well taken from hard a whole bunch of people to go down
to Mexico to have better relations with Mexico and he said that's really because of my wife I
want better relations uh-uh better relations with the Guatemala that's what she said too she
wants better relations with Mexicans 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line 20 till new at Q
A M this is 5 60 Q a L
1 2 3 4 5 coming over honey now come and take our drive to my big house in Chateau
Claw we can both get juxta and maybe a little Panama the wife is on business she's out for a
week I might get in the candy stores time to cheat I got threats all hot dogs sold there and
pizza you remember little Billy you're leaning therapies it's gonna be a wild time not my home in
New York just to meet the iron cheats I can sport I'm just my size so good coming over honey now
go on my shelter a little bit of Monica in my life a little bit of Monica without my wife now
a little bit of Monica sport I see but she's far away that's a little bit of Monica's what I need
a little bit of Monica memory a little bit of Monica here I am a little bit of you on my happy man
there was a no farmer who's is on a ride he's adding the metal just shaking his
his that some boys who were down by the frick they're beating the water their hands on their marbles
and play things and that half pass for there came a young lady she looked like a pretty young
creature she sat on the grass she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and
laces and white fluffy dung she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so
they would not spend while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling wrapped you send
their phone yesterday time while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye that's a fellow
down by the dot he looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence
out front if he has her fun lightly she'd show him her netto bet dog who was subject to fit
and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small dinner and with the movement so quick
and then she'd been over and suck out his candy so tasty made a butter sky and then he spread
whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty
you can go to yourself
see you tomorrow
Please.
We have a program to make it a crime.
We have a program to make it a crime.
We have a program to make it a crime.
I was a TV.
Was I a TV?
Why was everyone this is a movie?
And with me a party last week.
A Rambo of the TV.
Very clearly.
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
We have a program to make it a crime.
Help me!
Are you...?
We have a program to make it a crime.
Help me!
We have a program to make it a crime.
We tried to write it in the morning.
It was 11 before noon at 5.60 WQA.
5.60, 7.05, 60.
Here's a call from Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I make time to call you and wish you a happy birthday.
Thank you so much on our Line 9 free line.
At least you got enough sense to use the tool free line.
Absolutely.
It's hard for them as much as I can.
Exactly.
I'm excited.
I got something to make us feel better because this guy is so stupid.
You've got to hear this story.
I read it out of the paper.
Herman Hill, 35, didn't have a disguise when he entered a convenience store
near St. Petersburg to rob it.
So he grabbed a plastic trash bag, put it over his head,
and headed for the cash register.
Yeah.
Police easily identified Hill from the store's security cameras
because the trash bag was transparent.
It took me...
Yeah.
It looked like a big prophylactic down to the waist
that Pinellas County Sheriff's Sergeant Greg Tita
kind of translucent.
Ewww!
Bottom of the room.
Don't forget St. Pete, man.
That's just it all.
Hey, Neil, thanks so much for all the good times.
And I just ordered your...
I love to eat the cover of the CD with you and the...
Yeah.
It's too bad they didn't make our t-shirts this year like that.
We just sold a crap load of them.
Oh my God.
I clicked on that.
I immediately ordered it.
It is such a screen.
You've seen you with the...
That's me.
That's her there, the sector with the...
I'm taking over.
I'm taking over.
I love it.
Thanks a lot, Tom.
Thanks, Neil.
Great thing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, that our townline, including Palm Beach,
by the way, we're paying for it.
877-785-Neal.
877-785-6345.
You got that down?
No.
No, I don't think so.
And then of course once they get that down,
then it'll be changed to whatever it's going to be next week
or the week after that, whenever this other bogus thing comes through.
Which, maybe it won't.
I mean, for this man to come in here, I don't know how many times he's done this.
He always does this.
Rip in other stations.
Oh, look at him.
I was so in there that equipment didn't come in.
But he was...
How many disaster remotes has this place had?
Just in the last year.
How many disasters have we had in here just in the last three months?
Technic wise.
Talk about the pot call in the kettle, pink, Greg.
Huh?
It's not important that you see it.
It doesn't need to be eleven or eleven sixteen, but that everybody else fails.
Especially when you're that dumb.
Here's Miami, hello.
Nioh?
Yes, sir.
Been, been, been, been.
Thank you.
How's that.
That was bad.
I'm trying.
Got a mission when you're gone, buddy.
Yes.
All right.
Nioh, shame this request.
Yes.
Can you play that Buffalo Bill over the Miami Duff and Theme Song?
You want to start off?
Buffalo Bill over the Miami Duff and Theme Song.
We're the most beautiful thing.
Oh, Brad the Booger.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you.
That's not called Brad the Booger.
What is that?
That's not what that's called.
The one?
Oh, yeah.
That's about your tent to only get nine guesses.
You lose.
That's not what it's called.
And plus it's a Phil Henry thing.
Do we want to play that?
Well, Buffalo has a football team.
The greatest in the land.
Hello everybody.
Think that's great.
I say Billy, huh?
That's Buffalo Phil.
That's not what I mean.
So just sing along.
When you say Miami.
When you say Buffalo.
And near that Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
Dedicated team in the history of human race.
That's Buffalo Bills.
Dedicated team.
Inflies, Brad and Can be here.
Yeah, there you go.
And you're and you're chance up that redneck stuff.
Listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet God listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bills.
It don't sound so redneck.
You do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you Bill Fands?
Here we go.
Where's the Buffalo Bills?
I the best team.
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times,
which is what I can say for this scum second season.
And they're at the greatest.
Could they be me like their uniforms?
They sure is hell beat the heck.
I have an official in the helmet.
Because they're not Buffalo Bills.
The best football team.
What I ever seen in the history of my life.
They are the Buffalo Bills.
Not Buffalo Bills.
The whole gym.
Kelly the greatest quarterback in the league.
Yeah, everybody's at Buffalo Bills.
Yeah, the Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around longer than the stinking rotten fish.
Well, then, I Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a pen of Buffalo or a fish?
I can't wait for queer channels campaign next year.
If you're going to have big ads in the world about the afternoon show.
It's going to say Neil Hades, bro.
Neil says, look Daniels blows.
Yeah, that's going to have a whole series of those.
Neil says, brooks, the worst thing you ever heard.
Yeah, that's going to be next week in your hero sports section.
Nice going Pete.
Rocket science.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wildest Lotta Course.
It's yours, Hades.
I'll beat our ad campaign.
Anybody see that yet?
No.
No, don't hold your breath.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Neil.
Yes?
Yes.
As we do every year, yumhuladet samayah.
Oh.
Yumhuladet samayah.
Yumhuladet samayah.
Oh.
Yumhuladet samayah.
Yumhuladet samayah.
Oh.
And at the chavit.
Oh.
You too.
I'll see you on Monday and Wednesday at the game.
Okay.
Love you.
Zaggisund.
Wow.
Yeah, maybe in my honor or my birthday, it being only less than a week ahead of it.
Maybe those people won't stand up in front of me next Wednesday at the evening.
You think that's going to happen?
No.
No, I don't either.
Back and forth and forth and back and back and forth.
Head up and down.
And more food and back and forth.
Hey, how you doing over here?
Head back and forth and up and down.
Including these two schmenders that I never saw before in my life at that last game.
What is that now?
What are you looking at?
A woman calls up just now.
Yes.
Very indignant.
Indignant about what?
The bill sucked.
Yeah.
While you were playing the bit.
So, Karris.
Don't you understand that's our audience?
It's like yesterday we got all this other stuff called what do they want to talk about?
They're arguing they're psychotic because I'm saying golf is in the sport.
Oh, I guess what was on yesterday afternoon?
By the way, when I got home late in the afternoon, tennis match.
Mark Phillip Pousses.
Oh, I tell you.
My psychic or what, huh?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
The lovely Mark Phillip Pousses who won his match to, by the way, against some nerd.
Nice going, Mark.
Whatever the head you are.
Besides, pretty hot.
Four minutes till noon at QAM.
This is 560, QAM.
That's it.
That's it.
No, we're going to QAM.
Yeah.
My head is going to be a foot-bottled dead.
Oh.
There is a child living down in Mexico who has to go to work every day.
Sit that is death.
Making clothes for casty-lead.
Loves the work, but doesn't love the pain.
They are the kids who make good clothes for me.
They are the ones who make a book a day.
So quick.
Sounds like you made it.
It's just going to make it.
The kind you love to buy.
It's you who make a book a day with casty-lead.
Yeah.
Listen, we're singing a song on your starving kids in Bangladesh and in Africa and all over the world.
Just relax.
Okay.
As soon as we finish singing a song and Christy Jones puts down his thing there.
And as soon as we get these records pressed and as soon as we ship them out to record stores and places all over the guy damn world.
And as soon as the money starts coming in and as soon as we divvy up the distribution on that and as soon as Scroan gives as much as you can to OJ.
And then as soon as we have whatever is left over then maybe we'll get some food for your kids.
Okay.
So just hang on guys.
I'm not talking about the casty-lead thing.
I'm just talking about that song.
We are the world.
Yeah.
I mean, just the idea of that.
You know, far made and bandaid and this aid and all that other crap.
It's not all these millionaire performers just donating a couple of million a piece and raising a lot of money and feeding these poor bastards and saving their lives.
No, we're going to go in there with a headset.
Some more rocket back over.
We are the world.
We are, you know, boy, do we all get sucked in including me?
I admit it I can fast.
We got sucked in on that deal.
Uh-huh.
And probably most of those kids that were starving back then, they're probably dead.
They lost their appetite.
Here's a mobile and by the way, we're up to question number 6000 on that survey.
I mean, that may not happen.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi. How are you?
I'm good.
I'm good.
I have a delivery route and I listen to you five days a week and I just want to tell you thank you very much for the great entertainment that you're given and more importantly, you're the only one on the air that actually speaks the truth.
And I want to wish you a very happy birthday and being at this no school today, I have my 10 year old son with me and he asks if you could do a request of Bonnie takes the dump.
Okay, thanks very much.
You got it.
Bye-bye.
I have a great day and a happy surface.
Barney takes a dump.
What happened to it?
I think it disappeared from the effect.
I'll be back, kids.
Oh, that's it.
Oh, do I got to go?
Oh, I'm a bitch.
Oh, oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm in here.
I'm in here.
Busy right now.
Barney!
Barney!
Come out, Barney!
We just wait a minute.
Oh, no.
Oh, that was a little painless.
Oh, she's coming out.
Can you see me?
Wait, I'm going to solve this.
What's there?
Stop it!
You're a pumpkin!
Four minutes after 12 at 560 WQM, here's a fact from a good post-personal friend Bob Lincoln.
It says you've matured in a way robust, whole-bodied blend with a lovely bouquet and delightfully nutty aftertaste.
I didn't even know he had tasted my nuts.
It says just about 8 to perfect snappy birthday.
It says, have a wonderful 57 out of about 8.
60 is when you start looking to see how many liver spots you have on your hands.
And guess what?
I don't have any liver spots on my hands.
What a young guy, huh?
Yeah.
Oh, there's nothing worse than liver spots.
Oh, man.
Sorry to do that to right in the middle of lunch hour.
We don't have to worry about lunch today because our program director Bluff Lindsay showed that he's good for something beside the schedule.
Roderson, a beautiful platter of stuff here from publics.
And he said to me a little later on after I told him how great this stuff was and it is great.
We appreciate it and especially the people of publics.
We love publics.
But he said, well, you know, I can always just stop and get stuff.
But if you guys need anything, I can always...
Like, we have a shortage of food in this place.
Yeah.
Not that we don't appreciate the sentiment, though, but how about getting that phone line in here instead?
That would be good.
That would be more appreciated than any more food.
You know what I'm saying, though?
You know what I'm saying?
No.
No, I didn't think so.
Come on.
I don't start that again, please.
Put away the crying towel.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That auto-town line, garnished.
Seven.
What is it?
I don't even know what the number is anymore.
And what difference does it make?
8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, nil.
It's such a crappy name.
Even I can't remember it.
Not a chance.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 4, 5.
It's a number from Hill.
Decided to make sure that you don't call it much because otherwise it'll run up a big guy down the bill.
And it's the last thing they want to pay.
Just stall and stall and stall.
Just keep stalling, baby.
Oh, yeah.
Someday you're going to get a line and people will be able to call you from, like, at least, 500 miles away, Niel.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Niel?
Okay, sure.
Are you comfortable?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
And, yeah, I had a little bit of a constipation problem on last couple days.
It was loosened right up when I saw that George W. Bush interview.
I mean, that thing did it for me.
Maybe that's why I spent all night on the throne.
I thought it was too many of those candies yesterday, but I think it was that George W. Bush interview.
I mean, everybody's right at the hand of the guy, the presidency.
And he can't even name four leaders in four, not only four big nations in the world,
but four hotspots that are all in the near future.
No, they answered the president of Taiwan and he said, Lee, and they said, well, what leaders? They said, Brenda Lee.
Yeah, I mean, hey, if you say Lee for any change, you're going to get a pretty good guess, yeah.
So anyway, we got about one year left to find a decent leader for this country before everything goes the hell.
And in closing, no matter how sick you get of this town, don't leave us.
Yeah.
Okay, Phil.
Have a happy one.
Dream on. Thank you.
Dream on.
I'm leaving.
I'm leaving now.
Oh, who cares? Who cares?
He hasn't called yet today.
That guy. And then the other one.
Come on, why don't you leave now, Neil? Why don't you leave now?
Come on. I can't stand it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7. Look at the one line that's dead there. Look. Look at.
Line nine.
Line nine.
Fort Myers. They don't even care enough to pick up the phone and say happy birthday.
That's how classy they are in four Mars.
They think we want to hear about Fort Myers radio.
No.
No. No. No, we don't.
That was...
Well, that was...
It fit right in with the ambiance of the whole week.
The orders of Sky and the afternoon. His name is Bob Puppy,
and he had the ad cappel on there, and he was sucking up to any really bad.
And it was a real hose job. And then in the morning, we got this guy...
Oh my god.
Wow.
Two people.
Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello.
Oh, Neil. Happy birthday.
Thank you.
I've been in and out of my truck making deliveries.
Did you receive an email or take card from Sal and Beverly from West Palm Beach?
No.
I've emailed that last time.
We don't have to do email here.
What did you email us to?
What word did you send it?
Niel at mealrodgers.com.
No, well we don't look at that thing.
Well, if you get a chance to send birthday cards to your musical animated birthday card,
well anyway.
Thanks anyway.
Want to wish you a happy birthday.
Yeah.
And anymore.
Okay, well thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot and cheer up, please.
Five, he's not a very depressed.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty.
Come on, everybody cheer up a little bit.
Let's hear that thing.
Come on, let's hear that.
Yeah, a little party maker there.
We're blown it over here.
I think I blew it about two years ago when I came to this joint.
And then it's God damn sales manager.
This freaking slime ball bitch on the same day that she's screwing over my life spot.
And she's got the hoods that come up here to give me a God damn shirt and a card.
And then they got this whole big and you want to know why he's not in the picture?
What's his name?
Bror.
He took the picture.
That was a good way to make sure he wasn't in the picture.
He took the picture.
And you notice by the way, she's got those looks like looks like a jail outfit on there.
She's got the black and white stripes on there.
Talk about something belongs behind bars.
Roy.
Yeah, the two of them together.
What a match that would make.
You're like twin cheers up there at Stark.
That would be good.
I pull the switch.
You know, usually I don't go to funerals and so screw in.
I usually it's not my thing, but in your case, I'll make an exception.
And boy, wait till you see how I can dance for an old guy.
Ten past known at 560 WQF.
Hi, this is Bill Zimper.
Go to www.kuam.com for all the latest dolphins information in your case.
So when Drake fights, it's playing Deep the Broadcaster, Sports Radio 560 WQAM.
It's time for Turd Chuck.
The show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you.
And now here's your host, Colin Cornwallens.
Good evening.
I'm Colin Cornwallens, your host.
And welcome to Turd Talk.
The low lines are already lit up, so let's just get right down to the phones.
And let's see, who's on number two?
It's Steve. Steve, you're on the air.
Hi, Colin. I'm a first time caller.
All right. We got a little something for you, Steve.
Hang on.
So what's on your mind?
Well, I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I enjoy the show.
And hold on, let me get the paper here.
Okay, I'm back.
So your wife loves the show. That's great.
Tell me, Steve, you're wiping right now, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
Okay, when you wipe, do you prefer a forward stroke or a backward stroke?
I think I prefer a forward stroke, as a matter of fact, the wife was just saying,
Oh, what's the matter?
I think I just ripped the paper.
Oh, okay. How well did you get the wipe?
Well, I got it pretty good.
Okay, do you feel any pressure under your fingernails?
Yes, I do.
Oh, boy.
Remain come. You're having what we call a push through.
Did you get any penetration?
I think so.
Okay, just do as I say, and everything's going to be okay.
Now, is there any clothing on the bathroom floor?
You want to look for something dark colored?
Okay, let me see.
Now, pull your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect, okay?
Okay.
Is your finger out, Steve?
Yes.
Now, the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger is, has anybody in the house really made you mad today?
No, they haven't.
Okay, go ahead and wipe it off, Steve.
Oh, thank you, Colin. Keep it a good work.
Well, you are welcome. And thanks for listening.
That's all the time we have for now.
And until the next turtah, I'm Colin Cornwallis.
This is Ben Turtah.
The shielding gets down to what you'll really made of.
Cross 16 at 560 WQM.
So, Josie Lambeaten is whatever this is a gossip columnist, South Florida Insider writes.
Hey, Jeb.
Thanks.
The 50 people that had earlier this year by the BS at two-broward swingers clubs caught the attention in governor, Jeb Bush.
And that could cause the pending looting of this charges against 30 of them to get thrown out.
Why?
Because Bush staffers who recently interviewed eight candidates for Broward Circuit Court judge
drilled some of those candidates about the swingers.
Along the candidates, three assistants, state of turnies and two county judges, including one judge presiding over some swingers case, Robert Lee.
Lee himself wasn't asked about what he thought of the defendants before him,
but the fact that at least three other wannabe judges were asked is making the swingers lawyer Holler foul.
This week he asked Lee to recuse himself, which Lee refused,
then asked that the cases against the 30 clients be dismissed and be quite this pending.
We couldn't get a fair trial in this state now that the judges know the rule against this in order to make it up the ladder,
said the lawyer James Benjamin.
The interview's violated the separation of powers.
What are the interviewers, Bush General Counsel Carol Lico?
Yeah, Lico.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, what did I do with that other, oh yeah.
If you think Carol Lico is a great name, what could you hear this name?
Right next to Barry Jackass's ridiculous long sucking column about Whammy and the fact that nobody's watching that station anymore.
You know the one I'm talking about very.
Right next to that, here's in the column in the Harold Sports Weekend section,
nighttime dives full of wonders.
Commentary by Susan Cocking.
That's her name.
Night time dives full of wonders, says Cocking.
And there's her push too.
And you know what?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Good morning.
Yes sir, good evening.
Just a couple of comments on yesterday's show.
You were right on with golf and being a sport.
Yeah.
Normally the night, the game takes a lot of skill and concentration,
but then again, so does Tiddly Wings and Chest.
Right.
That's right.
This hand-eye coordination, I mean, so what's a big deal with that?
You're right.
Tiddly Wings takes hand-eye coordination.
So does the jerk-and-off take hand-eye coordination?
Does that make it a sport?
Exactly.
Same thing.
Video games, hand-eye coordination.
Right.
Not a sport.
Scratch in your ass takes hand-eye coordination.
There you go.
Pending your dog takes hand-eye coordination, not a sport.
Not a sport.
Right.
Also you're heading to Amsterdam, I understand.
Sticking your meat on the lean-mean grilling machine takes hand-eye coordination.
It's not a sport.
And you're going to Amsterdam.
Maybe.
Well, I'll just tell you, I was there when I was in the service.
You'll have a good time.
I've been there 65, 70 times, so.
Oh, okay.
I can teach you a few things about it.
Uh, well, maybe.
I'm sure.
I'm a new listener, so I just thought I'd drop that information.
That's hard, sure.
Real good.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I'll be going to see you.
What do you say?
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wattlesblatt.
Amstitami said you'll have a good time there.
Is he right?
Yes.
Vegas?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, all kinds of places.
Here?
No.
No.
Deadly.
You can smell it.
It's either that or the leftovers from Josh Friedman sticking his ugly ass in the door
there before.
Who wanted to hear a pain bagpipes, by the way, which is as close as he's ever going to
get?
Can you imagine who would crawl in the sack with Josh Friedman?
Can you imagine what smelling impaired person, even hell I'm killer?
She could smell.
We'll be kicking and screaming.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Good morning, Neil.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
And I'll tell you what.
I can't just stay on the radio, Neil, not because of the thousands of fans that I love you,
but because I'm going to tell you a little story real quick about where I work at.
There's this fat bitch who we call Big Belly.
Okay.
Who says that you are a negative guy?
That I am a bitch.
Right.
What I hate the most is that she doesn't even listen to you.
Whenever she comes back here, she goes, oh, what do you have that guy on?
I'm like, you know what?
Have him?
Because he is Neil God.
He goes, what is he?
He's so nasty.
He's always burping.
He's always farting.
Just out there.
Bitch.
Yeah.
Thank you, Neil.
You're my list, bitch.
Tell me where you are.
You know, finally she's quitting and goodbye, Big Belly.
Chainless request, please, Neil.
Yes.
Dickie says, you're birthday.
And I'm telling about the fans.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
See ya.
Dickies, how about Dickers?
Is it Dickers or Dickies?
Oh, he's talking about the one that's not in here, is it?
Should they?
Dickers?
I never had much luck with the Dickies.
No.
Oh, Dickies too.
Sorry.
Hello.
You have reached Dickies' Workers' Choice Catalog and Information One.
To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line.
Thank you.
Transferring to an operator.
Please wait.
Dickies customer service.
This is Louie and how may help you?
Yeah, my Louie and I.
Hi.
You like Dickies?
Sure.
I guess a lot of women do, huh?
Mm-hmm.
I believe so.
My woman said she loves to get Dickies.
I see.
She likes a lot of them.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I can understand some gay guys like Dickies.
Well, I'm really out in the house with never looked thought about that.
What's the biggest Dickies you've seen?
Well, sir, we go out to a 72 wife.
Oh, my God.
You like little Dickies, too?
Sir, I'm...
I think my girl basically likes big Dickies.
Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir?
Yeah, just so I get to say Dickie a lot on the phone.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Were you wanting to place an order, sir?
For what?
For clothing?
But I want to talk about Dickies.
Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing.
Huh?
And Dickie, Dickie.
Mm-hmm.
Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling me.
I'm not like Dickies.
There's a lot of women like Dickies.
Uh-huh, sir.
I'm going to disconnect now.
No, when you're talking about Dickie.
Oh, God.
So we disconnected the facts machine because unfortunately Joseph DeVira at F.I.U.
Uh-huh.
I mean, this is a joke or what?
17 pages.
Okay, facts at the first time.
All 17 pages came in here for this thing that he was doing for F.I.U. for allegedly.
And he wanted me to fill out, which I was already filling them out.
I was almost done.
Then he repeated it.
I get on here and I say, please enough already Joseph.
Stop your waste in our fat.
And guess what?
He just started the facts again for the third time.
So where's all these pages?
And guess what?
Oh, gee, I can't do it all of a-
Oh, geez, they're all getting torn up.
I'll do it in inkling.
So I'm not going to get it out of here.
I can't.
It's not disconnected, by the way.
It's just reset.
It's why?
It's reset.
So his facts is flushed out.
Oh, good.
It's all going in the garbage.
Okay, which I was already in the process.
It was almost finished, Joseph.
So don't say I'm a bad guy.
But I mean, let's get serious.
You facts people.
You're crazy people.
17 pages that he's facts in three times now.
51 pages with 100 goddamn questions on it.
Then I'm going to fill out for his God damn thing for FIU.
I hope you've fucked up class, Joseph.
You make me nauseous.
You're a crazy person.
God.
On and on and on and on.
Why do people feel that?
Plus I'm responding to it.
I mentioned that I got it.
Oh, look at that.
We got like a half a dozen birthday cards there.
Seven or eight.
Look at that.
Got them, I impressed.
Probably all from that poet and Palm Beach.
By the way, thank you Kurt for the copy of the letter
from the American Family Association.
And that maniac that the Pascu and Yacht David Kadenoveter.
I know West Coast who can't hear the station, by the way.
But it's busy right in the FCC.
Oh my God.
I can't believe this.
This maniac with his FIU test.
Over and over and over again.
600 easy questions for you to answer in your spare time.
So I can fake this way, guys, through class.
Maybe we can help you with your wind surfing class, okay?
Joseph?
Man, is that Frost Myass?
Here's Davy.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I have a question.
Hey, I'm about to heat.
I don't think.
Here's Timberk Pines.
Hello.
Yes, my name is Abibart.
Thank you.
And I just wanted to say hello to my good friend Jacob
and your good friend.
I'm here with him right now.
Your friend Jacob?
Jacob, you know Jacob right?
Yes, I do.
Yes.
He really likes you, Neil.
Yeah.
He's a lover, you guys.
So he's going to call you right now.
And I would say, what he's going to call me if he's there with you now, as you've got to call me for.
Oh, he's outside.
Listen to him.
Oh, okay.
Is he squeezing it?
He's squeezing it.
It's little though.
Yeah, well, that's okay.
Then we have a lot more comments.
I saw the high school together.
Is it really?
Yeah, he's going to call you.
I listen to him.
You ever take a shower with Jacob?
I took a shower with Jacob.
I may love him.
Okay.
I want to say Jacob, you're a douchebag or gay.
I hate you.
I get more women than you everyday.
Okay, great.
You only wish.
560, 705, 60, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
So what are you holding back my birthday cards for?
What's with that?
Oh, it was going to wait for a break.
No.
Oh, what are you going to do?
You've got like a minute.
Here's a lady in Port Lauderdale, huh?
Happy birthday, Neil Card.
Happy birthday to you, Mr. President.
Neil, I have the best birthday present possibly for you.
What do you think might become Peter Boge's potential newborns or terminator?
You'll never guess.
Did you get started this morning?
Did I hear what?
Stern, Dan King.
This is the gospel.
I don't listen to Howard now.
This is it.
You have to take into this.
Dan King is in some form of collaboration where you're trying to buy all the AM.
I couldn't believe it.
Clear channel stations.
Can you believe it?
For what billion dollars?
You've sounded legit.
You try to put the money together.
Yeah.
So that's $28.
I'd like to see it happen.
For billion dollars?
That's what he announced, you know.
No.
It's another scam.
Another scam.
Well, yeah.
They're really divesting.
They're AMs and FM.
No.
Really?
No.
Sounds good.
Sounds like another scam.
Happy birthday, Mr. President.
And thank you so much.
Oh my God.
560-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Lots of open lines here today.
It's all request Friday.
It feels birthday Friday.
Is that making any difference?
No.
Now, same old crap.
Including people, facts, and me the same thing over and over again.
Joseph, I was trying to be a nice guy.
I was going to do a nice favor there.
And I had it mostly done and now it's all in the way, Spasky, because you were in Jackball.
Joseph, whatever your name is.
Head cap with Noza Scars.
Starting in hand, come on last team in.
We guys, only on sports radio 560, QAM.
So we are moving around when I go to.
I cause a mamba movement to pursue.
I'm the toilet seat that's swinging swaying to the mamba beat to make the other way.
So we're down a load and I'm all through loose.
But just one fit.
I got to lose.
But there's a bit of space for the slow lighting.
So I can make my high knee nice and deep.
I don't have to push.
I'm in control.
When I move inside the side of the toilet bowl, I never have to spray it.
It comes out whole.
It looks a little like a blue zero.
I'd wait through the left and wait through the right.
From team to team, I'll tell you why.
I don't need our burning calories.
I never ever get a big red ring.
That's why the Jack guy, who can't do the extra guy, can have enough fun.
When they move into my bowl, moving up or two.
Hey, look at the hours.
I'm doing the mamba.
Come on, George.
It was a little weird.
He's dead up and spotted.
Get out, get out.
I'll tell you.
Get out.
From 321-560-WQ-A-M.
So we got what?
About the four or five birthday cards here.
How about that?
The one yesterday from that guy, I'd never want to hear from that silly pull it up there in Palm Beach County.
Don't bother me anymore, sir.
Please.
He ain't listening to anyone.
Somebody just told him I mentioned this thing on the air.
Just like the time I talked about Richard Frieden and the National Anthem at the Macarena, where at the old Miami arena.
And he called to thank me on the air.
Sorry, Richard.
It was awful.
And get a new wig.
Oh, look at that.
Mary Lou and Hylia, who just called the other day.
Okay.
Oh, she's writing me again about Bill Anderson and it on.
And I'm sorry, Mary Lou, I don't have time to read all that, but thank you so much.
Oh, boy.
Here's a birthday card for my friends at the Miami Airport Mail Center, with a whole bunch of people outside.
This, that's great.
Can you give us the name of that book about the post office?
Ah, by Harry.
Oh!
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I haven't right here hasn't been touched by human hands yet.
It's called the Rear of the United States Postal Service, Exposed.
Adultery, Dispirity, Favouritesism, Lies, Fraud, Equal, Violence, by Harry.
Oh!
That's an end of the book.
And a couple others here too.
Our friend Richard, that wants to name from Flamingo Records, that sends us all those crappy records.
And nobody's got a record player anymore.
And even if we did, we wouldn't want to hear them anyway.
I think they.
I know what is there.
I didn't want to say it.
Thanks.
And here's Marla and a couple others.
Nothing too exciting.
They don't want to overdo it.
You know how that is?
Just like the phones this morning.
It's like any other day.
Any other day.
It's all request Friday, if it feels birthday.
But they don't want to get too carried away.
Yeah, right.
Here's a nice gift, by the way, from our close personal friends, whoever they are.
Joe and Joe Ellen might be a Coin Trader's Inc.
And it's a thing.
Coin Trader's Inc. in the sunrise at 2756 North University Drive.
Look at that.
It's a thing to have my pictures on it.
And a little name cut out of something, Neil Rogers.
Spelled right.
Kind of a faded, crappy old picture.
But nevertheless, it's a very nice thing.
It's a framed and I'll hook together here like a real...
The coins have your post on them too.
Even the coins have my picture on them too.
A penny a dime, a quarter, a half dollar.
And a canicle.
Let's see, $50, $75, $89, $91.
Huh?
That's good to go a long way in a road to retirement.
What do you say, huh?
Looks good.
Just took another step in the right direction.
Thank you guys.
So I'll walk out of here today with George's leaning grill machine.
George Rodriguez and George Foreman.
And some other stuff.
And then of course that shirt from Scrooan, which I'm going to go home and burn on the patio.
Oh, I am.
It's an eye shirt and it's a Tommy Hill if you've got two.
But I'm going to burn it on the...
I am.
I'm going to put it on the grill.
Here's the mobile in Orlando.
Hello.
Mobile in Orlando, long gone.
They're bound there.
They're on time.
What do they call on their own dime?
Are they crazy?
Then they're not there.
I don't understand why you people do that.
They run their 20 and a half minutes.
They're calling on the...
on the pay line.
Here's four of Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I got a full play play this morning.
I was at an afternoon this evening, whenever.
I was out of the country for a couple weeks.
Yeah.
I went to Toronto first.
Yes.
If it wasn't to cold, it's such a gorgeous city.
Everything you say about it, the people, the atmosphere, is amazing.
It is an amazing place.
Yeah.
What Myers is just complete opposite concurred to that.
I'm planning to go up there.
I really thought of the two, you know, in the same...
No.
No.
But I'm planning to go up there probably later, probably in April or May when it just makes it cool.
Yeah.
I was also in Israel, unfortunately, for you.
You would never go there.
I would not.
However, there are radio stations are playing...
Not to...
Obviously, the song that you heard in the sort of video in the Amsterdam or Italy,
was last time you were there that...
You were talking about that song.
What the music healed your soul?
Yes.
By the Bravo Alistair.
It was playing on their radio stations there, all rock.
How do you like that?
Even in Israel, they know good music.
Uh-huh.
And I was...
I was actually...
I actually heard the song.
I was...
I was feeling a song that's interesting.
And it caught my attention.
Yeah.
So I really liked that.
And then the last thing on my plate, happy birthday.
Thank you.
Oh, second last thing.
You're saying about the funky names before?
Yeah.
You had one that had a while ago, years ago, from I...
The other station there.
And you had a name of one of these beauty pageant contestants from South Africa, Jackie Moe, Ethings.
Right.
Oh, if you can play that?
Well, we don't have that.
That's long gone.
Really?
That was interesting.
Have I got a name of one?
I don't know.
She'd be gone.
Okay.
Well, uh, secondary request?
Yes, sir.
Uh, something from the old time that's possible, the Michael Jackson World Tour.
Okay.
Thank you, Neil.
You got it, man.
Thank you, Matt.
And have a great song.
Of course, they played it, I think, once or twice in Power 96.
And the kids didn't come in burden of building down.
So they said, well, that's okay.
By the way, kid Curry signed my birthday card.
And a real glowing message on there.
And he said, you're right.
You didn't have a great answer.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Happy birthday, Monica.
Happy birthday, Boomerong.
Happy birthday, Monica.
Happy birthday, big Monica.
Beautiful.
Thank you.
There's my first call from Melcuba Town.
Can you feel the love?
Oh, I feel it.
Can't you just feel the...
Yeah.
It feels your holy grip.
So soothing and lovely.
I'm just applying stuff the rest of the day.
I'm not going to sit here and beg for calls on my birthday.
It's just, it's just going to happen.
Okay, so, put to you guys.
All right.
You suck.
22-415-60WQM.
It's Friday.
You're fast, good.
I took you to a picker here.
That was planned.
You have your way.
Mama would be great.
I can.
You the hungriest girl.
That I ever did see.
Would it never make men to IQ 33-8 chickens?
Can't read my dessert, dark Donna.
And 12 years of porn.
We're blue-bonded on it.
You might be so full that you couldn't speak, baby.
Something about the pie.
Really, 12 years of crazy.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
I never will forget.
But the sensitive was the kick so'
we are parents of son.
That someone feltclothed.
We couldn't do so.
We do so that we could call some dumbs.
I like to kiss my wife with a sock and rest
My style, charming, fancy, I eat it
And on one lick, it's a summer
It is summer
My wife's wife's wife, I would rob the offense
The woman's making me itch
The beef is a song that is done
They wake down and scratch my butt with a nail file
Hate annoying and like-to-randing type
People always sit on the nando peels
My feet all say let's make a feel
A weird cut that can't underneath my eyelid
Especially if I don't know truth
I'm a kid 26
Not at all if you think it has babies
Everything's been eaten not to them and babies
Just the other day I got a 10%
Do you think Bill Bradley can beat our doors?
I think the first rhyme that comes to my head
I'm a big fan of Wright said Fred
I've been emailed on my brand new computer
People who drive to work are committed
The other white meat is better known as Thor
Sting this song, listen to song like a story
I keep a little bit of time
I'm out manually
I can believe it
It's just a song that comes to the effort
I've heard this song so it's a song that's a lot of time
I'm not a dollar
I'm also got this state of a crowd of youth days
Let me see if it wasn't being...
Let me ask you what is an LLX song?
Oh! What is that?
One dollar
From 45 at 560 WQM
Happy Birthday to all of us who are celebrating our birthdays today
Thank you, you're welcome
Couple of open lines on LLX7
Is open?
Line 8 looks real open to me
Look at that
Pretty weak
Pretty weak response after 23 years in a bar
I can't even get one call for each year
How seriously? When you think you are like one card
I think that's a good barometer
One birthday card for each year you've been on here
I got what? About six?
Six cards?
Two or three of them that I could live without
You know? But I mean, nevertheless I can't be choosy
Six? So that's 17 short
Still short
Here's a mobile and medley, hello?
Neil! Yes sir
Happy birthday
Thanks
I just can't imagine what this town would be like if we didn't least have you to celebrate
You're ready
And I know it scares me what's going to happen when you look at me
I heard it
Move the Century Village
Hey, one little thing
This is a Luan Winick
If I can talk about your...
I don't think we can say that in the comments
Can we say that?
I think we have to bomb this
I'm sorry, yeah, we better believe me
Has anybody brought up what her involvement with that whole OJ thing was?
How come she never took the fall for that?
Because she called up Tracy Kerosato and Boston and told him
He was going to have to be prepared to take the call
Since he was part of the promotions department
And since he don't work here anymore, since he's trying to cover her ads
To the bitch
You know, that's an understatement
In fact, that's an insult to bitches all over the world
In closing?
Yes
I'm not a prima donna and I'm not an elitist
But I got the sun pass and I'd like to tell everybody that the white lane
On the pole plaza is not the park
And deciding what lane you want to be
Amen
Get out of my way
Right
Neil
God bless you
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on me
And also the ones with the blue signs on there that say exact change
Like right over here where I go every day
Where it's 50 cents, 2 quarters or 5 times
And whatever the hell you got
Is not for also sitting there
Looking starting to look around and shuffle to your purse, Andrew, Mama
Seeing if you got a couple of quarters in there
Okay, feeling the change
What kind of an asshole gets to a turnpike toll plaza
And then all of a sudden at that point
Starts fiddling around it
And what kind of a person gets in the exact change lane
And then starts fumbling around for the goddamn change
And nine out of ten times at some
Ancho Mama
I don't want to start an oratial thing again here today
But I will anyway
It's generally speaking some goddamn ancho Mama
Man
I say get ancho Mama off the road right now
Here's the mobile and crawl spring
Hello
Hi, it's me, Alaya
Okay sir
Happy birthday
Thank you
I was, I know the pressure climbing company
And I did some work for you
Two years ago
And so your birthday I would like to give back to you something
You give us all entered payment all the time
And I'd like to do something for you
So around your house
No matter what it is
Why stop your drive
Everything else
Join us by number
Okay
And you know just because you give us entered payment every day
And nobody seems to appreciate it
I think this is the most ungrateful bunch of bastards ever encountered in my life
I do a lot of work at Georgia's house
And just because you guys are so great
Well, first of all
So we'll call them and that they may never come but when it does
Even if you don't call
That's exactly right
That's just in the accounts
That's how we really come
I really appreciate it
But please accept this justice as a gift on the day of my daughter's swing
Have a great day
Thank you so much
Okay
No
By the way Scott, too bad you couldn't come the other guy domino to the great job fixing my
Hose out there
My little broken
Whatever the thing was my broken pipe
Sorry about that Scott but I don't do groupies in my house
Unless they look real good
Here's the mobile in the keys
Hello
Mobile in the keys
Yes sir
Yes
How are you doing?
This is the first time all the time
Okay don't be screaming, O sir
I'll be screaming
Oh okay
There you go
But I just want to call and wish you happy birthday
Thanks
You listen to your old time
You're great
Yes sir
Okay thanks
Too much screaming man
Too much god damn screaming
Don't want to hear no screaming on my birthday
Okay
If I want to hear screaming I call my mother
And that little dog didn't get sick from three soda crackers
No it was probably the five pounds of candy he gave me after the soda crackers or maybe
A little bit before or in between or around and during that might have been it ma
How
Here's the mobile in Orlando hello
Yes, Neil, how are you?
Okay sir
Happy birthday, it sounded like my mother
Thanks yeah
They're all the same
They're all a pain in the ass
Yeah they are I know
Anyway I want to say happy birthday to you
I'm a long time listener first time caller
Excellent
And I'd like to request something if I might
Yes sir it's all request Friday but these people I've seen to catch on very good today
Not to be open this week
They're beyond hope this week they're immovable and intractable
Yeah I have been too agree with you
I've been listening all weekend it's been pretty sad
Oh this is the worst thing in my life
I've been part of it because I haven't called in
So I have to blame as well
I'd like to hear guns would be good
No
Okay
I appreciate it Neil, happy birthday
Thanks
Thank you
I mean why I don't do these request things very much anymore because it's like the same five things
I'll play it but I mean
5,670560 here's a call from Tawanda Pennsylvania hello
Neil
Yes sir
Happy birthday
Thanks
I gotta tell you something
I'm kind of a new listener just last couple of months on the net
Right
I got through you
I was trying to catch a dolphin game one day and I got into your archives and I just fell in love with your program
Great
Paramedic where 24 hours shifts come home in the morning, two in the U.M.
Listen to you all day, last night, ass off
Right
And just like that
Yeah
Well thank god we're really big into one to Pennsylvania
We're not too big in Dayton, bro
But once we start, no seriously
Once we start catching on the internet all over the world then I can get there a lot of here
Neil, you're the main way for this kind of thing
Thanks a lot Pally
You got
There you go, she would like to do it
They love me out of town
Lawful are not big at all except maybe the hockey games and once in a while at publics
Love my publics by the way, I love all publics
Part of this thing that's platter that duck brought, man, it's an ultimate redeem him almost
Especially if he gets to work on a god damn phone line and does something instructive that has to do with radio
Instead of just trying to be like a you know, Butler or chef or whatever is the caterer
We appreciate the food very much stuff, it was very nice and delicious, but please
Something that might have something to do with radio
I know that's not very big in this place
Especially when the big cheese comes in here scratching his head
Making fun of the thing there and there at 19 hundred on the dial
Oh jeez, they're doing a game on the cell phone
I bet you their phone works though
Here's Miami, hello
What is it?
Hello Neil, how are you?
I have a same little request
I want to hear you know that Phil Hendry's kid you got with the
I turned call on Phil and I asked him to play it for you
We're not playing no Phil Hendry's kid except Buffalo for the bills
And then George gets a call off the air while we're playing that from some bitch out of Bill Suck
Yeah
Juvenile, childish, embarrassing
Probably one of the sports nerds left over
Which we don't have the sports nerds they'll listen to the show
Our people they'll listen to them and they don't listen to us
What a match made in heaven
I mean we've come full cycle now
There is no crossover there is absolutely zero crossover none
Zipity, dude, a zipity, a
That guy in midday is sounding real gay
Is that how that thing goes?
Here's a woman around line
One will take it anyway here's Bokeh, hello
Hey Neil happy
Another football nerd nobody cares pal
Call one of the sports shows
5670560, pound 560 on the 18T line
Here's Miami, hello
Neil, how did you birthday my friend?
Thank you my pal, my pison, my best close personal friend
No problem, sorry
If this doesn't prove how these athletes are just
Socks in disguise
Yes, nothing will guess what just happened
I'm just watching the news right now
What is that?
Dennis Roblin and Carmen Electra have just been arrested
Both of them for domestic violence at Miami Beach
Really?
Channel 7 has got the helicopter
Right on the prisoner transport event
Yeah
Taking them to jail
All right
Oh right
I mean this is just ridiculous
Have a shameless request for you
Yes
Can you play the Ramsey Jumbane Ramsey?
My daddy knocked me off
How's that thing coming by the way?
Did it make any arrest yet?
My dad knocked me off
He makes me run and he cuts me off
When I was Jumbane Ramsey
I would kill my daddy
I walked her like a death nut me over
I was a little dream
It's not a needy of his doing
I'm the one who knows
He beats me and beats me to the house
And does my head and you know
He's up he has
Oh he's up so come on out
So they're gonna let him go
My dad knocked me off
He needs me to get it out
So he's the one who did it
You'll never hear him that made it
What?
My daddy knocked me off
What?
My dad knocked me off
I'll tell you what the NRA people are real fun to Jonathan
Because at least he didn't get shot anyway
That's one take, goes to prove
Four minutes before I won at 5.60 WQIM
Kim Polkabard taught sports
Who begins right here?
I'm sports radio 5.60 QAM
Now what do you think you are?
My dad's sports daughter Dan
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours
Coming soon to a theater near you
Christopher Reeve is Superman
Superman 5
Well, Charles, just a man, Superman quig
Jimmy Olsen is drowning
Hey, here comes Superman, here he comes
He's in a wheelchair
Try it out Superman
Okay, well, turn it.
Oh, too late.
Yeah, now to call you super-gimp.
Get out of here, you freak!
Oh, oh, Clark.
There's nothing happening.
Get on top of it.
Oh, Clark!
Ow!
Oh, the evil son, a finely-fiskyed out-of-way to defeat Superman.
With Christmas tonight?
No, steps.
Superman 5, a search for a bigger doorway,
rolling into a theater near you.
We're down in Jamaica in the care of being.
They got the best of her that you ever seen.
All right.
Ask anybody in that table of wood.
They tell you this big country where the country goes.
Craftsman asked some he want to sell.
And from a mile away, you can detect.
From the level.
Are you sure?
Smoke, gun, to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, to smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
You'll be carried out of our empty gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until you're long-struck like.
That's with all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
America and tourists come here and say,
got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke.
Smoke, gun, to smoke, smoke.
They light up the split van too.
Smoke, they begin to cough and choke.
Smoke, gun, to smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
I'm the teller son you are a rough, tough man.
You like to smoke to gy and slip whenever you can.
Then we keep becoming here for miles around.
To bite the earth from you by the ounce of nickname.
Raster man, say to her, what are you right?
They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, to smoke, smoke.
They light up the split van too.
Smoke, gun, to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun.
One of four at five sixty WQM.
Here's the facts from KPR Wishing Happy Birthday.
It says your website states there are three years, 24 days in semi 11 hours left on your contract.
Wrong, wrong.
Two years three hundred and forty days and 55 minutes and 15 seconds, not that I'm counting.
Better get that straight enough Eric.
Three years in my ass and 24 days.
two years to be hundred and forty days and fifty five minutes and eight seconds
not that I'm counting. How do you like that? Come on Eric get with it Tweet Art.
October one that's the magic day. Not January one October one. As in September
31 like I said three hundred and thirty nine days. Here's a call from Kate
Coral hello. Neil. Yes sir. Happy birthday. Thank you. One time listener here in
Kate Coral. Great. Really enjoyed your program just wanted to wish you a happy
birthday. Thank you so much. Take care. Have a great weekend.
Thank you. Bye bye. There you go. Nice guy from Kate Coral. Call the set is very
best. Up there in Pennsylvania they're calling from some town in the
Tawanda. What every hell I was. What was it? The whatever was. Tawana what's your name?
What's your name? Broly. I know. See I like to play stupid. It gives you an excuse to
open up a mouth. Here's pepper pines. Hello. Hey how you doing Neil. Okay sir.
First off I want to wish a big happy birthday. Thank you. And you know and these people
really are ungrateful to you. I mean you know it's not grateful to just unfriendly. I mean
Jesus Christ how much how much talent does it take? How much effort does it take to call
and say she really appreciate the entertainment. Happy birthday. Have a great life or up your
ass or something you know but these people are here. But anyway well you know it's it's
the gift gift. They don't want it you know. Yeah yeah you give and I guarantee if I would
agree given away those front seat front row backstreet boys tickets I got pretty
December 5th at the arena right there in the front row these phones we'd burn the lines
out especially with the kids off from school today. Yeah exactly I mean if you were given
away you know you know whatever Josh Freeman left in the toilet you know earlier this morning
the other guy said oh can I have that. Thanks for helping my diet by the way. Sorry about
that but you know I got a shameless request. Yes sir. Speaking of like not the people
you know get asked and everything like that. Do you have the one with the ticket lady from
off your whole CD? You have that one. The one with the the free ticket lady? Yeah the
central. Hello can I have the ticket please. To for what? Me just now from the ticket
says he's giving. What are they for? Okay. Yeah I guess I can't get them because I don't
know what they're for. Well I mean if you wanted them for you can hardly hear you
so because the radio is on so low. But I mean if you wanted a free ticket you don't
know what they're for. Just because they're free. You want them just because they're free
you don't have to know what they're for. They're for the horse races. For the horse races.
They're for races in in Papadol. They're for races in Papadol at the Irish fest. They're
having horse races at municipal stadium. Well you can't be with that. I want them because
I have some friends out of town I want to give it to them. For what? For the horse races?
I don't know why. Well then why did you call? You heard that magic word didn't you?
Free right? Isn't that what you did? You heard Neil say free. Hello? Hello? Yes. You want them?
Yes. I would like them. Yes. Hold on. That right there. Thank you sir. That made my day
on my birthday brought a smile back to my post. That right there is the definitive
shop for what I call. She don't even know what it's for but it's free. It's like when
they have that little blimp going around in the macaroon during the hockey games. There's
a hundred times worse than even the crap patrol over those t-shirts. The little blimp is
dropping little slips of paper and people don't even know what it's for. Some some chatsky
you know like a panther pin that you can pin on your back bone. Somebody else's if you like.
Something stupid little chatsky and they're running around and knocking each other over and
falling over the railing out of the upper deck. It's free it's free it's free. What is it? I don't
know but it's free. Oh I got something for you free and guess what? There's another one for you
like Bernie gets it and another one. No way to charge. Like I said 24 what is it 24 minutes in
the four seconds something like that? I got left. Two years three hundred and forty days
and fifty one minutes. Fifty uh fifty minutes and forty nine seconds. I don't count. I'm not
keeping track am I? Uh huh. No. I say I'm fucking idiot. Hi I'm William Shatman. Nobody likes to be late.
That's why your arrival is guaranteed. It's light track. As you're captain you have my work.
I need to be in Paris in an hour. Stop running. Scotty. Yes captain. Oh need the
enterprise on route to Paris immediately. But sir we have been going on the thing with the
crystal. So take that ship 500 times. Scotty I've got 400 passengers that need your help.
If I have to get out and push it myself well get to Paris. We've got to Mr.
I've got to. Yes when you're ready to travel. Oh I'm sorry just go fly.
Yes it's in wrong twenty minutes. I'll take out it.
Now it would be ill logical. Spongebob ship.
The wrong. We do not have that's an order. Mr.
So now that you know I don't accept excuses for being late why not book your next flight on
flight track and get there on time. I told you my ego was big. Really big. Okay so uh
one fifteen and five sixty two. I'm just flashed a thing on CNN. The Nicole Simpson Foundation
member after the OJ kill those people and they started that thing about the battered women
and all other stuff and all these people running around on her all the other shows grandstanding.
Oh and we're going to do this and help battered women. So far expenses 5,630 bucks actual donations
of the charity were like a buck and a half. I mean like nothing like a few bucks.
How do you like that? Sounds like some golf tournament I can think of.
Yeah speaking of OJ. Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Yeah God. Happy birthday. Thank you sir. Happy fifty seven. You brought a lot of
enjoying the over the years and by two thousand and two I hope I'll be out of here also.
Good. So in my final request on your birthday. How about half strange?
Okay. Thank you. You got it. Ladies and gentlemen if I could offer only one tip for the future.
Yes.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own and the Andering experience.
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispsies and singing feelings while the kernels go
sniff crackle and pop. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say
how much. Lick the stranger. Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country to sign a respect.
Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
The annoying. During an IRS audit staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon a funeral. Play Go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling killer bees killer bees.
Say the word titty without smiling. Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should start
in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire if they'll take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to care for top success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on a long next door.
Go on a car trip without costis and force a bestanus car seat.
Try to dribble without costis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no ill willed anyone unless you don't like them then screw them on their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy are completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or as you always walk like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniffs an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle in the gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence.
Understand it.
Embrace it.
Protect it.
And it is so often take it out for a nice nash.
Care enough not to care.
Home while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
Which is a perfect lead in for this.
This is true.
Good health by Dr. Paul Donahue in a sunsendle.
Thanks for factoring this by the way.
Dear Dr. Donahue my daughter 47 years old is awakened from a sound sleep with rectal pain.
I would appreciate any insight you give us on this subject.
Dear MB those symptoms suggest.
Proctalgia few jacks.
Episodes of standing rectal pain.
Often coming in night lasting from from several seconds the 30 minutes are at hallmark.
Sitting on a closed fist can end the pain.
Sitting on hot packs is equally equally effective.
Sitting on a closed fist.
How do you like that?
Don't they have a word for that?
Were you fudge back him?
If these two maneuvers fail getting into a tub of warm water almost always brings relief.
Because of the pain is not known but some speculate it might be the spasms of rectal muscles.
So there are your three choices okay?
You can sit on hot packs, hop into a warm tub or sit on a closed fist for about a half an hour.
Need a good friend for the last one right?
Well, whatever your own closed fist.
Yeah I can't do that.
Well you got to work on it like Ron Jeremy.
20 after 1 at 5.60 WQAM.
Maybe Mal come in and help her out.
Well how come you had a little joy on here for about a half an hour?
Was he done to you like?
I don't know. He's made me wait.
Got your way down the list.
You would have been another go to the people who were waiting a long time in their movies.
Because all these other mold people were waiting a long time and he's sick of you anyways.
What he says.
Yeah that's all right.
Happy for your day.
Thanks sure.
Did you catch the article in the first page of the local section of the Harold?
About this guy was talking about all this money that's always being brought in
whenever special events come to South Florida.
No.
I mean he didn't talk about it much because he was talking about the breeder's cup at
how all this money is going to be coming in and the same thing that they always say
whenever the super bowl comes all the way.
Oh yeah.
Where's your going to go?
Who's going to go?
He was saying this mythical money that comes in all the time.
Longing $60.
Yeah.
And people keep buying that story.
How do you kids get around a school that I hear is a good message for you.
Start some kind of a fake charity like that in the Cole Simpson Foundation
and you can make a fortune.
You can return it about six months.
Well I don't think they'll get much with $56.
Huh?
They won't get it.
Well that's just for starters though.
That's just a teaser.
A teaser.
Well anyways.
Speaking of free loading things.
Yeah.
And you were mentioning the other day.
During the Calgary game some idiot decided that he was going to do whatever he needed to
to get a free shirt when those morons were pulling him up in the stands.
Right.
And practical.
Don't knock those that new panting patrol.
A couple of those guys look pretty good.
But anyway.
I don't know what the hell he was doing.
But he practically knocked my wife head off.
Really?
Yes.
So which I had noticed but the guy next to me noticed.
And he got thrown out of the arena.
For doing what?
For taking the man and putting him back in his chair without him wanting to.
At which point did I realize what had happened?
For taking the man.
I just put it kindly.
He just knocked him back on his rear end.
I see.
And then of course that's the person who gets thrown out while the other guy didn't apologize.
Well now I see why George had you unholes so long, George.
I mean.
Just thought I'd mention that.
Thanks.
Take care of yourself.
Bye.
Oh he wasn't offended by that.
I mean no he's a good guy.
He was just terrible.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the out of town line is open.
If you move quickly maybe 8 7 7 7 7 8 5 Niel.
Not that we really care.
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5.
I think what they do is let's block in that line off about half of the show.
Because otherwise it'll run up a gigantic bill.
Wait till the Coz Nationwide which they're postponing as long as they can.
We're going to be setting people up to call from all over the world just to piss them off.
Just to run up a gigantic bill because the bees are so cheap and disgusting and despicable.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello Niel.
Yes sir.
First of all my wife and I would like to wish you a very happy birthday.
Thanks.
And I've been listening to you since I was a little punk.
In correspondence with the breederscub I would like to
liken you Phil Henry when you and Phil Henry were together to affirm the NalliDar.
They were entertaining to look at to watch and you guys were very entertaining to hear.
Yeah.
And like I said, happy birthday and wish you all the best and keep it real, Niggas.
Okay, 5,6,7,105 what are you doing now?
Name a what book?
Oh, gee the post office book by Harry Jesus Christ
out of town line, hello.
Niel.
Yes sir.
Oh yeah, I'm on alright.
Well where I picked up Coul cake is Georgia's busy with the stupid post office book.
Oh no wait.
Hey.
Where are you?
I'm a neighbor.
Oh, alright.
Divine intervention, Neil God.
I need to tell you a quick story.
Yes.
I'm a younger guy.
Kind of sitting on the fence, not a really religious person.
Me and Torze, is he a nut?
Yeah.
In my office, the other day, we had a guy in here talking about insurance falls here, something
else.
He happened to mention things, acts of God.
And I was a standable 5-year-old.
I kind of sat underneath my grass.
And this guy, he just totally dropped the conversation he was having.
And came over to me and started to give me a song and dance about blah, blah, blah.
The bible and blah, blah.
You have a spirit and a soul and a body.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God, oh, boy.
Right.
And anyways it was like, you must have sent him my shoulder because I just sat there and I looked at him, and I said, you people are all the same.
You can't just hear the word and walk away.
You go, I have to get rid of my ass and try and tell me you're Christian or whatever else.
And I said just try to be with yourself.
Keep it to yourself.
Yep.
I don't want to hear it.
Nothing.
So I just want to thank you for a little divine intervention, so to speak.
And give me a little slow hose.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you.
Say goodbye.
Yeah.
How about one of those fasts?
How about one of those?
We'll let do.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The auto time lines open again.
Keep that thing humming, baby.
877-785-Neil.
877-785-6345.
So what little joy say I was having trouble understanding that story.
26 after one at 560 WQM.
It's Friday, you best.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You'd know.
And I was glad.
You know.
I can favor those brave men out there, but they're not going to fight together.
ready for tomorrow's big breeders cup the big cup and we got to hang with the
special Jimmy at five. Bookshobby 6 tonight and 30 pregame and I am 30 to
game at 10 o'clock tonight the Panthers at Vancouver as Pavel Burray returns to
Vancouver to beat this not out of the Kanox score four or five tonight I think
right Pavel? Paweichy Parduski? There you go. Here's Mohammed. Hello. What
happened to Mohammed as you got hearing aids with? Speak to me Mohammed. I almost got
disconnected. Now you don't want to do that. I'm on a car phone. How you feeling
Mohammed? I'm feeling good. Thank you. Happy birthday to you. Thank you very much.
Are you been? I've been okay. Very good. For real? For real? Oh guy. I
don't hurt from you. I mean I didn't talk to you like you know long time so I
have to do everything everything is kosher everything's wonderful my dish is fine.
Good. By the way you noticed a couple of nights ago that the direct TV
people out of nationwide the problem. Uh-huh. Are you aware of that? Of course. And I
said they're trying like an idiot because I thought it was just my unit and I'm
calling 1-800-direct TV and busy busy busy. I got to say we're just
in process of adding another satellite. Don't say bold crap again Mohammed.
Please don't say that. Don't do that to me please. She wants to think about
Mohammed with his accent even when he says bold crap you can't understand it
anyway. I understood it though. Well listen my friend take good care of yourself.
Okay buddy. Now I'll be seeing you soon when we put up that 40-foot dish. Okay.
Okay. Thank you. Thanks. There's my hand on the satellite man. Yeah I'm putting up a
60-foot dish just to piss off the neighbors okay. I'm sick and tired of that crap.
Well you got to put up the palm trees you know because your neighbor might see it.
Yeah here's something you might see if you got real good eyesight in the
boat boy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T and T wireless line. Here's the
mobile in Pampino. Hello. Good afternoon Neil. Neil how you doing? Great. I want you
know I waited 40 minutes just to wish you a very happy and healthy birthday. Thank
you 39 minutes and 22 seconds this guy waited to waste me happy birthday. That was
extremely nice you sir. I'm very well. I'm a very few decent people in this town.
Now I called you about a year ago with the American Heart Association and do a good job
and I just want to say thank you. Well you're welcome. You take care sir. Thanks a million pal.
Bye. Okay. Half his lifetime is guy waiting to call wish me happy birthday. What a good guy huh?
All these other people are too busy. I got news for you okay unless you're like we're
winning a lottery for $80 million or something like that. Most of you have got nothing more
important going on today especially on a Friday when the kids are out of school don't feed me
a bunch of baloney. Then call on the wishing me a happy birthday and sucking around with me a
little bit after all the goddamn whatever it is I do here. Are you buying that? No. Well I tried.
Sound good to me. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hi sir. Yes sir. How are you? Okay.
Good afternoon Neil. I take the liver to you wishing you a happy birthday.
Celebrate it. Yes. From all of us Latin Americans in France who are living here by choice.
See. A note out of two steps imposed in necessity. As you go on. Okay.
Bye. What do you say? What do you just say? We have an interpreter?
Yeah. What I thought he said. Let's do Hollywood. Hello.
Well Neil. Yes sir. Just run the calls. Happy. Happy birthday. Thank you very much.
Fifty-seven years old today sir. Do we have any idea how close that is to 60?
Too Dan close man. Still a kid Neil. I know. I just call it. I appreciate it.
And unlike the midget technology yesterday I do take the time to care. Thank you sir.
Happy. Happy birthday Neil and the shameless request. Yes sir.
The one that uh lost calls the wife. Let him know he's fired a husband.
Okay. Okay. And have a great weekend. That's the turn now. All right.
Hello. Mr. Peterson. Yes. Hi. This is Bob Williams.
Down at Soyer's Bob's boss. Hi. How are you? How are you today? Fine.
Are you sitting down? Yes. I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
What do you mean bad news? I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now and
Bob's okay with me. Oh Bob's fine. A little upset but fine. He's been a good worker for us.
He's made all his quotas. His bonuses have always been in line.
But we're going to have to let him go. What do you mean?
We're going to have to fire him. And unfortunately being the boss sometimes you have to do
things that you're not very pleased doing. Hey that's not very fair.
You've been very loyal to you. Yes he has. That's like a slap in the face.
I can imagine you failing that way. Absolutely but.
Feeling that way. You don't understand. We just had a baby.
Yes. I understand. We have to build up the ingang.
Understood. This is a very hard time to do this kind of a thing.
I fully agree with you but there's something that's happened down here at the office that we
can't overlook. It's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself.
I don't look quite how to tell you though. Why are you firing him?
What specific reason? What could you do? It's a little delicate. Unfortunately we found him on
top of his desk making one of two as secretary. Oh that's kind of a bit.
Well I can understand you're being upset at this point but.
Upset is not the word. That stupid rotten son of a bitch. I can't believe this.
Well he's going to need your support through this.
My ****.
All right right now he's on his way home to you.
On his way home to me he's got another thing coming when he gets home.
I'm going to change the locks on the door. I'm feeling his **** outside on the front lawn.
He can just have it all out. I'm not even going to be here when he gets back.
That's son of a bitch. And now I don't feel so bad about **** his brother.
Now does he say his support?
Didn't he say **** support something like that? My ass.
I'm going to be the way to support her **** ass is like to sit on a fifth for a half an hour.
Huh that might do it. Based on what that doctor said.
We got a lot of people on the audience over the weekend. They're going to kill him some time
here in software. It's pretty boring most of the time anyway. They're going to be trying to
sit on their fifth for a while which probably will relieve their rectal pain. And it might be a
little bit of fun too you never know. All your kids out there give it a shot.
22 before 2 at 560 WQA from the makers of Peter is the volcano comes.
Sportlist is the star in Peter North as Tom Hanks and Amber Lynn as made wise.
Sportlist in Seattle the story of a man who went in for a simple hernia operation
but wound up having his prostate removed.
Movie goers across the country are flocking to see.
Sportlist in Seattle.
Kathy in Chicago says it was a master and Holly and Amber had this to say.
It was awesome. Special effects were incredible.
We have Holly. I got news for you. Those weren't special effects.
And finally anonymous in Miami was her saying this. Peter God who are you and where can you
be found? Sportlist in Seattle everybody's coming.
Today the most likely story. Peter's usually shirtless but never squirtless. It's 17 till 2
at 560 WQM aren't left for which in Bokas sends me a birthday fact. Thank you Art. Whoever you are.
Here's Helen Dale. Hello.
Hi Neil God. Yes sir. Happy birthday. Thank you. Many more.
A couple of things. First of all did you ever see naked boy singing that you ever
tried to while back? No of course not. No. Oh I did. It was great. You would love it.
No. I felt the pictures I wouldn't love it they were all ugly but anyway.
Well the pictures that weren't the same proof from California but anyway the other thing was
you always mentioned different places to go and so forth. Never mentioned Key West. I've never
been to Key West. Never been to Key West. What is I ever to go to Key West? Well it's very gay
firmly and very dog friendly. You think your dog just bad anywhere. Yeah. Oh my dogs aren't gay
dogs so. No but no. No I think you would like it though. No. You check it out. Definitely not. No
no chance. Okay. Have a great day. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Go
down at one rickety highway down there all the way down the keys and what's like it's like
going into Orleans only a much more difficult trip watching everybody get drunk out of their minds
you know bunch of old clone queens running around. Here is Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing?
Okay. I'm the one who called yesterday with the tennis comment that you said Philip Husses got.
Yes. I was talking. I was playing yesterday right there on ESPN. How are you serious? Yes
well he was lacking it in the ball too. Cool. Listen I was listening to you today and I said
you know what I got to call this guy one more time and wish him a very happy birthday. Thank you so
much. I love your show and I'll be one of your faithful listeners for a long time. Next
show. tennis yes golf no. Oh that sounds good. I have a shameless request. See? If I could get some
head shampoo. Did I just play a little while ago George but you know. Oh well. I did. Oh
hi Felicia. Gigi I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable.
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Yes, Chick. I've thought using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean honestly who grows here
on their shoulders anyway. Yeah right. So what are you using now? Well it's like head and shoulders
only without all those additives. It's just called Chad. Let's show them about it girl.
Yeah press up a second and see you later. Yeah yeah. Do you remember what I said. Yeah
it will feel better if you get some head. Wow. Where can I get head? Lots of places Chick. You
can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you this head in 50 minutes. I'll have
you shampooed. Styles and blown dry. She you don't miss a lick do you? Ten sounds great
expensive. Not at all Chick. I'd rather say there are places downtown where you can get head for
less than ten dollars. Gally at that price everyone should be getting mad. That's right Chick.
When you say head you set a mouthful. Hi I'm Dr Raymond Flapp. For example industry
it tells you why you should get head. First at lubricate each limp hair follicle
leaving in a wreck listening shaft then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root
leaving your hair soft shiny and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head
from my hairdresser Bruce? Probably but you might want to try your girlfriend first.
So how's the head today? Yeah, I'm in a sports go the long way. Yeah, yeah. You look
better and you'll feel better. Yeah, yeah, you get head. You're a lucky tip.
What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available to price you won't find
hard to swallow and it's going down every day. Honey we're out of shampoo. Can you go out and
get some head? What did you say? I said I want you to go out and get head. Oh thank you sweet
Jesus. I'm going down down and head makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas my wife gave me some
head. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choke down. My girlfriend used to
give me head and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get Jurgons lotion in a national
beautiful place.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Oh, oh, oh God.
Head shampoo.
Come on, give it a shot.
My air looks great.
Use a nap.
Come on, it's still two at five, six, six,
you've got to get the facts from David in store to says,
I finally have you on the internet that's static city
trying to listen on the radio.
Guess what, David, even if you're down here in Dayton,
Broward, it's still static city
trying to listen on the radio.
He goes on to say Joe Rose is an asshole,
DFO is an asshole, Greg Reed is an asshole,
program directors an asshole,
you're surrounded by assholes, it says,
like the old saying goes, if assholes could fly,
WQM would be an airport.
Thank you David, up there in Stewart,
or Stewart up there.
Where we gone?
To a lady in Boiton Beach, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
It took time off from my work just to call you
and we should have a birthday.
That was very nice.
And have a great weekend.
And you too.
I love listening to you.
Thanks.
All right.
See you.
Bye bye.
See you there with a nice lady.
Took time off from her busy life.
She cares.
Unlike the lady who took time off yesterday
to tell us that she doesn't care.
No matter what it is, you fill in the blank.
She don't care.
It's about that she don't care about that either.
That's how I cut it bitch that called yesterday.
It's been a week like that, man.
It's been a week with an A.
Really bad.
I apologize profusely.
All the people listen to all 10 people listening on the internet.
All around the goddamn world.
Although it should give you a real good insight
as to what this bum fork town is all about.
If you ever thought of coming here as a tourist, just say
to this town, OK?
By the way, the people rated all monocular
or be there to come up with the best places to live
that bogus thing.
Salt Lake City was number one.
And Tampa St. Pete was number three.
Tampa St. Pete Queerwater was number three.
And Toronto by the way was number seven.
The top city's to live in North America.
Did Miami make the list?
No.
For Lauderdale?
No.
Tom Beach?
No.
No.
Here's Cool Springs.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing today, Neal?
OK, sir.
I just wanted to call and I know you probably tired of hearing it,
but happy birthday.
Thank you.
And just to let you know, you know, there are a lot of people out there.
You know, they have attitudes towards you and all that.
But just to tell you, there are people out here that I really like what you're doing
and respect a lot of what you do.
And just wanted to say, keep up the good work and have a good life.
Thanks.
Hey, you have a great day.
And I'll pray for you.
All right.
Thank you so much.
5-6-705-60.
The out of town line is open.
If you move real quickly.
