Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami port Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We're talking Neil now.
560 560 toll free for Dave and Bradford or pound 560 on yourself.
We're following the definition of Neil, his guests, Paul Erzer.
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM easily read acquisitions
or the beastly brought to you as one good little now.
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I like the wheelies.
In record stores now the new Rolling Stone.
Rolling Stone.
No irregularities.
The Rolling Stone.
They're freaking old but they're still singing the gold.
The Rolling Stone.
The Rolling Stone.
The Rolling Stone.
The Rolling Stone.
The Rolling Stone.
The Rolling Stone.
The Rolling Stone.
The Rolling Stone.
The Rolling Stone.
The Rolling Stone.
I'm not talking about that crap on this show anymore. I guarantee you that I promised that yesterday. I will not discuss it although there were 37
Thens in the down by a marathon this morning washed up on the shore again.
They were playing Pete fountain strangers on the shore and marathon. They don't know who those people are.
Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. When is Diaz?
I'm as you call it a dark conflict to call our years after this mission for a while.
And I just want to talk about something deplorable I heard this morning. Yes, sir. I was listening to our favorite ethnic station.
You know, I'm not going to give any call letters or anything. But man, they had those people talking about the building everything.
About what? The penny tax coming up. Yeah. And man, did they have a stage show?
And they had all these people from the transit board and everything trying to give a hard sell.
And how this is going to help those life folks. Oh, yeah. It's been a help to the life folks having to pay another penny sales tax. That will do it.
Oh, all the jobs is going to provide. And then they set it up that it was at the end of the program where they said,
okay, you know, the lines open so you know, you can have callers calling. Of course, you know, the one is calling and throwing the other side.
But it struck me a, you know, peculiar that had all these, I mean, they must have had the cost set up because it was people that were either on the side of this thing here.
You know, that work with it going, you know, all this is going to help out the black community. And this is down to.
Oh, yeah. You know, so many people in did county needs another penny sales tax.
And how much jobs is going to provide? None. You know, they didn't. And you know, one of the people that was on the show, you know, saying how this thing here is going to provide, you know, jobs and opportunities for the black folks.
But, you know, she goes, there is nothing else. There's no other revenue funds or streams that it could tap into. You know, it just pissed me off this morning.
Well, just make sure you vote several times. Absolutely. And everybody, you know, let's get all your dark and collected friends out there July 29, which is two weeks from tomorrow. And just tell them to stick it.
I mean, I will get that God bless you sir. There you go. How do you like that? They try to pull the wool over the eyes of our dark, complex and friends. They're going out there. Every guy in the place.
So channel 10 George tells me editorialized and they said vote against the penny sales tax nice call channel 10. Even though I don't watch your crappy news. And I have no idea what the guy with the beard name is. They were telling me about 50 times. You can tell me a hundred times.
I don't know who it is because I don't watch channel 10 news. I can't see. Channel 10 news. What? He's got a beard. Yeah. Well, that narrow is it down.
So anyway, here's this thing about, you know, Hank said this and the arranger said that written by Sandra Marquez Garcia and Joseph Pan Fanny.
I thought that happened before you last as in watch your back.
Back down Fanny. What? Well, this is in Thursday, July 1st. But evidently that morning I probably was more interested in preparing to get the pact and to get that out of here than scouring to the newspaper for clever, interesting things.
And of course, our audience being right on top of things. Then I find out that we've sued Waff in a station that doesn't even exist yet.
Our gutsy manager, Greg Reed, who's up there in Montana, which is a good place for him, by the way, up in Shelby. Well, he'd fit in like a glove up there.
All those people up there in Shelby, those mugwumps with the orange here. They walk around too with their finger up on their head.
You know, a lot down here, there's a lot of places in Florida where people walk around with their finger in their nose like over in lutes.
But up in Montana, they walk around with their finger in their head, you know, trying to find what's in that hole, which believe me, they don't find much.
So Greg Reed being the ballsy guy that it is filed lawsuit against Waff and for attempting to interfere with little dogs' contract, I guess, huh?
Which I don't really know the details because I did just see Joe on a way to take a leak down the hall.
And that's about as much as I ever see a joke because he's on here in the morning and I'm in here, you know, although he didn't mention something about JP this morning.
He is one good looking guy, but nevertheless. And all, you know, I mean, they can approach anybody and ask, are you under contract? If you say yes, oh, well, okay, good luck.
See, I don't know the details on that. And then also they're approaching our sponsors to buy advertising. Is there something illegal about that? I don't know.
This sounds like a really desperate act on the part of Greg Reed. I told you they were peeing in their pants as soon as that story showed up in the newspaper about a station going on here on 1700,
which most people can't even pick up with I'm a city morning who's a dead man with two sports flunkies who failed on the weekend on this station to admit days.
I mean, a line up from a hell. The only thing they might have, Mike and a mad dog in the afternoon, they'll give Hank a run for his money.
Hey, stupid. Yeah, they'll give him a run for his money. Even he said that. Well, he didn't say that, but I said that just, you know, just to be a little controversial.
Now, I think it's a lot better when I go give him a little stuff now in which haven't been doing a lot lately. You notice?
And maybe he'll wake up today. He'll be in the studio between two and six. Well, you know, it's boring. It's a horrendous time of the year when you got to do while I'd boring sports stuff. There's nothing going on these days.
So we are suing Waffen 1700 a station that's not even on the area.
Because we're pissed off and fired up and I wouldn't be surprised if Greg does go ahead and sue the hero for alienation of affection to whatever was he was talking about because they put very jackasses to run the front page.
And so he's he's got this delusion that is I was going to say his brain and where his brain used to be in there, which I think is in his back home. He's got this delusion that somehow somebody owes us something, you know?
That somebody should cover up for the fact that he was nothing about this business and he's one of the luckiest white men on the face of the earth. I just don't understand.
Where he comes off thinking that because he'd like to do a bundle of other people's money, therefore somebody owes him something, you know?
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello.
Oh, hello. Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah. Hey, Neil. This is the anti-neil again. I'm just calling about that Britney Spears video. You remember the one she's supposed to like touch yourself for something.
Yeah, okay. Well, I was looking forward to it and I go and I go and I flip.
No, she doesn't touch herself. There's somebody else touches herself.
Oh, I'll see. Yeah, I saw I was going to call and say whoever says she touched herself. Nobody said that.
Nobody said that. Nobody said that. And it's a few believe she never touched herself. Then you need serious help. Okay.
He said she never touched herself. Anybody believe it? Britney Spears never touched herself.
He's going straight to heaven. I'll tell you that.
Because she never touched herself. And at summertime, all your kids out there make sure you understand.
Don't be touching yourself unless it's maybe to go take a leak something like that.
And at that point, very, very lightly. Don't press too hard because God only knows what kind of things will happen.
Then you start getting too aroused and especially watching don't be going to take a leak right in the middle of watching the Britney Spears video because God only knows what's going to happen.
And then you know what I'm saying? Oi! That's right. Probably a real bad problem will pop up.
Oh my God. These people. What does that mean? The anti-neil? What would I have forgotten?
Who I'm supposed to know who the hell he is? Some kind of a pudge again? Some kind of a schmuck up there in Palm Beach County with no life who's sitting around watching Britney Spears videos over and over again waiting for some trick to stick her hand in her crotch and dittle with her shorts.
I saw it. Yeah. She diddled it and so did everybody else here and I was the one lead it to a fact like me to be the one to pick that up.
So to speak, I was the one that spotted it.
Nine minutes after 10 at 5.50 WQA. I'm going to very, very serally mood now after hearing some of these developments that I'm just defining up by accident, including John Penis just being in here from our sales department, telling me just some outrageous things.
Of course, it is when the nights will be up there, Pompino Park. Maybe I'll have to straighten some of those bastards out.
See, that's one thing like I said about this town before. It doesn't make any difference how long you've been here or how long you think you've had friends because when you make your friend, any place else, you have a friend for life.
When you have a friend here that you think you've made, you have a friend for about 30 seconds. Maybe.
It's just my rear end.
By the way, San Duce Badgusty Lope with Joey, what's his name from your kids on a block? What's that ugly disgusting queen's name?
Whatever the hell her name is.
I'm not talking about my family.
I'm just putting some money in it.
And I found a star.
Oh, but if you wanna take me, you know, that thing is about me.
I don't think you know.
I'm on the way.
All right.
You could go to jail and just be with me.
It's a free.
You and your friends are with me.
She looks 25, but she's just a queen.
No safety.
I've been my last.
I've been the biggest daddy call the cost of my life.
I've got a perfect choice because I have to tell me.
I'm a rocker, and she's my name.
My budget thinks right now.
Welcome.
Oh!
She's a great jail.
She's a 25.
You should be scared of her.
You're the metal rodings, those tomatoes, the side of the vine.
Four sides.
She's looking mighty fine.
She's a 25.
She's dead.
You look very good.
You never touched yourself.
That's what we heard from one of our rocket scientists out there.
Our poll question today is, can I smash macho, Jordan night or Gladys night?
That's Jordan night.
I don't understand what that's all about.
The girls of America, you young ladies out there.
You need very serious assistance.
I'll tell you that right now.
You need some serious help because you know, Jordan night.
He is one good looking guy.
Yeah.
He is one good looking lady.
I'll tell you that.
Man, he is grotesque.
Couldn't ever sing his word of a paper bag.
Even when he had all his other kids singing over his voice, he couldn't sing then.
But he's big, baby.
But I would say like this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm just out of it today.
Yesterday and Monday, I was like on fire.
I was smoking.
But today I'm right back to normal.
I realize where I am.
And I find out this morning, George tells me that Tracy Caraceto, our good friend, who came over here from WI-C.
Did I say WI-C?
He's leaving us.
And we just had a short discussion about this.
This morning came to the conclusion that we already had the same discussion many, many times.
Like when Scott Schwartz left our sales department.
That basically what it boils down to is no person with any self-respect will work for this company.
Which would tell you a lot about us.
Do we have any self-respect?
No.
Not anymore.
Nobody who has any professionalism, any self-respect works for Gregory.
That I'll tell you right now, right up front.
So that's why Tracy is leaving us.
Good luck Tracy.
He's going to Boston, where there's like real living and breathing people.
Not this sump- this sump hole, whatever this is.
This dropping off place for both people.
I don't want to mention no f**kons again because I don't want to get started with that crap.
God forbid.
By the way, Jimmy Johnson, you're another disgrace.
Not that I want to get into any kind of sports crap.
This is the anti-sports show, believe me.
But JJ, so what says in a hero this morning, JJ adds another troubled player.
Which is what it really should say is JJ adds another criminal that nobody else will take.
This one is Robert Baker.
Less than four months removed from getting out of an Alabama prison for trafficking cocaine.
And Jimmy says, well, we can get him cheap.
Let's give him a chance.
Oh, yeah.
Not selected by anybody in the NFL supplemental draft on Thursday,
but he was signed as a free agent by the doffins because Jimmy likes.
He never met a criminal he didn't like.
Let's give him a goddamn chance.
Him and Cecil and everybody else in Tony Martin, all depending on what happens on that trial August number two.
It's just amazing.
There's a good message.
You see sports.
We know it's all big business, but supposedly somewhere near,
especially since this country, oh, you don't want to let your kids go to see those R-rated movies.
You know, they're posturing all this Tony bull crap now.
So you would think that maybe along with sports,
one of those old things that used to be tied.
And there was like for the kids, here's a message for the kids.
The kids, you take your kids out to the ballgame on Sunday or whatever.
And the message is that you behave like some kind of a civilized person.
But now when it comes to Jimmy Johnson and his organization,
because just like he did with a U of M, Huracune, it's the same thing.
Anybody who's a gangster, sign him up immediately if not sooner.
Lawrence Phillips.
By the way, he'll go for big in San Francisco.
Oh, yeah.
Wait till they find out about his past.
He'll have a real sore back home before he's done out there with the Niners.
What is it? The 69ers? That's who he signed with.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I'm not giving any material out today. I'm just taking calls.
I'm not in the mood for I'm so depressed after all that stuff that went on.
I came in here feeling good this morning.
And by about 945, I was ready to blow my brains out as somebody else's.
It's just so debilitating to find out that all the people,
I mean, they like to think what Scott Schwartz, he came to work over here.
And they'll never listen to us.
Never listen to us.
Look at the collection of people that we're assembling in this place, huh?
Look at that sales department.
Look at your good, close best personal friend, Peter Leonard.
If you have a strong stomach, take a look at him.
And by the way, the glasses still hurt me like crazy.
Stuck his head there in the door again this morning like we...
And see, this is another thing that goes on.
Is this something that you invented?
No, seriously, you invented this.
We've got all these people that come in like Tommy, for example.
I could give your list from here.
I'm just going to go off until 2 o'clock.
They stick their head in the door.
They don't acknowledge my existence.
They don't even acknowledge that I'm in here.
I'm scared of you.
I'm scared of what?
I like Tommy.
He's a good guy.
You've got a freaky haircut, but he's a good guy.
But nevertheless, you scare people.
Most people in this place.
Tommy is scared of me.
He shouldn't be.
He's got nothing to worry about.
But it's usually a hit and run thing and it's usually has to do with the smell.
No, no, no, I'm not talking about it.
Peter Leonard didn't stick his head in the door this morning for him when I was a visit.
That's something that you got going.
Oh, yeah.
It is.
Which I don't know and not know what to do.
I care about.
I don't want to know.
I don't think even, even as Robert Baker got so anything in jail.
He talked about all the things that he had to see when he was in jail.
That a young man shouldn't have to see.
That he was exposed to like, yeah.
Let me continue on with the list of all these different people.
They come in there and they won't even look in here.
It's like I don't exist.
Like I'm a non-person.
Which is okay.
I don't take it personally because quite frankly, I don't come here to smooth with these people.
But I just find it very peculiar, very bizarre.
It's a strange place.
And the people that you don't want to stick their head in the door like Peter Leonard or like Sam, for example,
although Sam did go get me my check today.
I always like that Sam Duque.
I love those Venezuelans, baby.
Favorite people.
Even though he does hang out with a lot of very strange people.
Doesn't he?
I mean, we're always hearing these stories about Sam and all these hot chicks and he's always going up there
to the box in the arena, getting laid supposedly.
But he hangs around with people like Enrique all the time, which I love Enrique.
Don't get me wrong, sweetheart.
Enrique, all that thing on your...
That thing has got to go.
That thing on his push.
That thing has got to go.
There are states in this country that are smaller than the thing on Enrique's push.
And that big knot on his face ain't looking to go either.
And then we find out that he's not only real tight with Jordan Knight,
but there was that thing on the liner and the... on the CD, remember?
A few weeks ago he came somebody brought that over from Power 96.
Okay, sorry.
Kid Curry to show us that he even got a mention there by Jordan Knight for whatever was that he did for him.
Something to do with his...
Racko!
I think.
Above and beyond the usual call of duty is what he said.
Something about duty.
So I don't get it.
Well, of course he's been his whale and he's a spaniac so maybe that's what it has to do with him.
Maybe he just covers all sides just to be safe.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
How good morning, you.
Yes, sir.
It's been a long time since I listened to you.
What was that?
Well, I can't listen to you during the week on the job.
I don't have any...
I can't get to a radio.
God damn it!
Isn't that wonderful?
No.
That's since I've had some sick leave for the past few days.
Gosh, I am glad you're back.
Yeah.
Because you're totally education.
You're the only call I got on here right now, sir.
I'm putting it up to the audience today.
I'm sticking it to the audience and waiting for them to supply the material.
I got all kinds of stuff that I as usual, but I'm not going to go into it because I'm not going to do it.
We don't have to press the crazy leave it is and about Greg Reed being such a butt block.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm not a kiss up, Neil.
I don't kiss up to you.
But I will tell you this.
I've learned a lot since you got back.
Like what?
And you've got some catching up to do as well.
Because there's so much that's piled up, I'm sure that you've got to get through and...
Like what?
Getcha up on everything.
How long have you got a week to?
Ten days.
I think that's long enough.
I think one day is long enough.
Like what?
What are you freaking coming?
You're not a fuck up and arguing.
You're just sucking up.
You're not telling me.
You're not telling me.
You know, look at all these things that I suppose...
What are you supposed to do today?
You're supposed to almost jump up the freeway.
I wish she had.
Well, we were on top of that.
Okay.
We had that.
Yeah, a call.
We had the railway guy who got that off CNN within seconds of the story breaking about him turning himself in.
We had that on her.
Even though we don't have a newswire here.
Yeah, but what's good is that when you're not talking about it?
Yeah.
I'm glad you're not sucking up though.
Feel better, pal.
Take two and call us in about two years.
Wow.
Man, talk about a suck job.
Jesus, even the Monaco would be embarrassed.
Five, six, seven.
I got such a headache.
Maybe it was those ten slingshins I ate this morning.
It might have been it.
What are you laughing about?
You're the one that stacked them all up there.
Including the one bad one.
Including the one bad one.
I never saw a rotten slingshim before in my life.
Did you save me at least one?
There's one.
Okay.
Thank you.
Who said it was for you, sirs?
And if Joe Costello is walking around here, they would have silly Yankee outfit on.
Oh, that's...
Oh, that's...
So you're leaving today, huh?
Joe is leaving for Vegas today.
We hate him like poison because we're jealous.
We wish we were leaving love for Vegas.
I speak for almost, I think.
Who the hell wants to be here when you can be in Vegas?
That's where you'll gov'n her porch and...
Bobby Butterworth and all you other assholes and you idiots at the herald.
Oh, Casino gambling and those one eyed bandits, the evil, you know, you people make me sick.
You make me sick.
God forbid anybody should have a good time.
Like how many years have I been telling you that?
That's the one thing when you come to Florida.
I don't know why any tourist with a brain would come to the state because it's written in the state constitution.
You are prohibited from having a good time.
When you come here, you have to sign a pledge promising that you won't have a good time.
And you can be pretty sure you won't go back on your pledge because you stay here long enough you won't.
Believe me, it's guaranteed.
So Joe's going off to Vegas for, for how long?
Four days?
Tommending.
Like I said, that's too long for a pucks like you.
That's much too long.
They're going to LA part of that.
To do what?
See a bunch of Chinese people?
So how long you actually going to be in Vegas?
It's too long.
Leaving on Wednesday is going to be there till Sunday morning.
Oh, much too long.
What are you going to do?
Let's see, you're getting there what time tonight?
12 o'clock.
12 o'clock, two in the morning.
So what are you going to do after like six or five to morning?
Let's see, Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
What are you going to do for four days that you're going to be tapped out?
I guess the biggest pile of horse crap I have ever seen in my fricking fracking life.
I didn't to see her six of crap worth in sour crap.
I love a whole list of my own rolls of narrowed out.
I put on the leader's horses and saw where everybody had.
The town of a grass through a pen that I'm no better than.
It's a sound of a horse going to LA.
It's a goodbye baby.
That's the thing I was able to go.
Fear's gone, fear's dying up.
Singing and I think of her.
The cow's been rolled up.
It's just on the drum of her.
Singing, you're dead or gone.
Singing and I think of her.
Singing and I think of her.
Singing and I think of her.
The band goes on top.
I put her in and I'll say it's all gone.
Dance with your grandma.
Hearing her loud singing, Boca.
His hair's better than that.
No fear, no tricks to my new Boca.
It's all gone.
Listen to your mouth, Boca.
Listen to your mouth, Boca.
Everyone's not up, Boca.
It's too steep.
That's not very nice.
Just remember, be a real prick.
Then we will hear you with Conny 7 Godfather 3.
1033-5, 50WQM.
And of course, that was another bad thing about Godfather 3.
Unfortunately, covering up the fact that the great story was in there about the corruption of the Vatican and the Catholic Church, covering that often,
obfuscating it was the fact that the acting was so bad and they brought back all these corny lines in totally inappropriate places from the first two movies.
Don't ever tell anyone outside the family.
Yeah, yeah, we already heard that before, okay, Michael? Cut the crap.
Here's a letter to the editor in a lot of our papers this morning.
I can't tell the, I really can't. They both look the same now, I guess.
I guess it's the Sun Central.
Frank Perry and Fort Lauderdale writes, nice going by the way, Frank.
It should be apparent that the Mami-Date tobacco trial,
Jury members, weren't mentally equipped to pass judgment.
They were all too busy going, eh!
Have they ever heard of being responsible for one's actions, acts as the Frank?
The same goes for the victims of this conspiracy.
American justice is near extinction.
That's right, Frank.
One of the best short and right to the point letters I've ever read and read on target.
See, this is another one of those mom and apple pie deals, you know?
Oh, that's great. They suited tobacco companies.
You know, they were going out to get the young kids smoking and they're killing people.
Well, guess what? Is it illegal to sell cigarettes in this country?
No.
No.
Is the government going to ban cigarettes all together anytime soon?
No.
Like in our lifetime?
No.
No.
So how come they don't just sue the goddamn government?
How come they don't sue the FDA instead of the tobacco companies for failing to do the job that we as taxpayers are paying them and to protect us?
If we're supposed to be protected from ourselves, then how come the government don't want to take responsibility?
Just like the goddamn FAA don't want to take responsibility for licensing all these bogus airlines like ValueJet.
So let's sue some company that's out of business now.
Much of a horse crap is what it is.
The government, they do whatever they want. They don't give a crap as long as the right people are getting smeared in the right place.
That's all they care about.
The government is concerned about our health.
Let's sue all the people that are putting all those products in your supermarket that eventually will give you cancer or some grotesque disease.
Now, look at how can that thing be out of paper again? Did you hear that?
I was out of ink before and up paper.
Oh.
Well, now it's thinking about being out of paper. Boy, this facts machine.
I go away for a few days and right away everything starts turning into crap.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil, there's a bloody huge accident on 95.
Yeah.
I'm going south approaching Broward Boulevard, but North, it's pretty bad, man.
Where is it?
Where is it?
Approaching Broward Boulevard going north on 95.
That's not the reason why I call.
Oh, this is getting ponderous.
Yesterday, when I was turning around, you got women's training to jump off the overpass.
You got horrendous bloody wrecked bloodshed and guts on a highway?
Yeah, I wouldn't take 95. I mean, I was stupid to take it south, but just south on 95.
Yes, that's the reason why I call it.
Is it you ever, I'm the multi-lingual German speaker.
Did you ever get an answer as to what those little breads are called?
Worston? Worston?
There's two different words. One is Birchin, the ROTCHM.
That's it.
And the southern German, they call it zebeln.
That's the Hatt, yeah. It's Birchin.
Well, maybe they do, but they don't call it that in Colombs.
No, they don't.
Worston.
Yeah, Birchin.
Yeah, Birchin.
Yeah, be careful, you see that because you sound like you're saying, uh, breast.
Yeah.
Anyway, um, damn.
I'll try to get on.
I'll have one brat worst and one breast to go with that, please.
A-D-O have a one thing to say when closing.
Let me, I'm Arsch.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Whatever, whatever.
They're all talking in riddles today. They got no material as usual.
Oh, you said look your ass. W-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Uh, listen, about the tolls, what is it, panellas, Mayor Penis, uh, just put a toll road right
there, right between Dave Barrett.
Mm-hmm.
And just, uh, text the hell out of the people coming into Dave County to work.
Right.
But she's for the government.
Uh-huh.
Like, I've been working there for 14 years and I've noticed everybody on my floor is moving
up to Barrett County.
Yeah, I wonder why.
I don't understand.
Because maybe they got a brain, maybe they actually got educated somewhere, maybe they
finally couldn't take any more punishment.
They ran out of their messicistic tendencies.
Well, I mean, they're paying their taxes to Barrett County because they're getting wages from
Dave County.
Well, they, uh, just text the hell out of them.
Yeah.
You know, when they come into Dave County.
I say that anybody who works south of 190th.
Yeah.
Which gives us a few blocks, uh, leeway here.
Tax everybody in Barrett that comes into Dave County to work and that'll do it.
Yeah.
And we won't need anything else to develop the material for.
Okay, and have a great day, sir.
You two, no.
Everybody just stop coming to Dave County and then we won't have to worry about building any more
transportation about any buses.
How about if everybody just moves out of Dave County and leaves it to the.
Yo, I'm saying.
That's what basically it's all about.
One of the worst scams in the history and we're watching it unfold right in front of our eyes.
And I'm not going to make that same mistake and suck into getting all excited about it like I did last two days.
Forget it.
If you don't care if you're not whipped up to a frenzy.
If you're not pissed off and fired up.
Hey, listen, no skin off my ass.
I live in Broward, baby.
I live in Broward County.
I'm proud of it.
Let's have our own county flag for Broward.
Okay.
A picture of like a like an early bird.
Yeah.
Like an old ostrich, something like that.
It'll be the early bird for Broward.
And underneath it'll say, oh, yeah.
That's what all you need to know about Broward.
Old and funny, dutty.
And you won't want to have too much of a good time but nevertheless.
At least we don't have a whole bunch of toll roads and a bunch of crazy banana boat politicians running the town.
Yet.
Yet.
Well, there's always Palm Beach.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, we can follow all the other old Jews up to Boka.
I understand they got a great sausage place up there.
They got Amel Francis and Amel Nite Trade and Amel whatever that other one was.
By the way, I hope they don't have no nitrates in those sausages.
Right?
Sodium nitrate and nitrate aren't those the things that give you cancer?
Uh-huh.
If it's fresh, it shouldn't have any of that stuff in there, right?
And of course, if Amel makes it, it sure shouldn't have any Amel Nite Trade.
21 before 11, but see if you say it like 20 or 30 times, maybe they'll catch on.
You think so?
No.
Now just keep saying it over and over again. Maybe they'll get a whiff of it.
No.
Oh, that stuff smells bad, by the way.
Amel Nite Trade.
You ever smell that?
You have never smelled it?
It's a big bag thing.
Oh god, is that horrible stuff.
Oh, the uh, toppers.
Okay, yeah.
How could you not have ever smelled top holes at perfect like you?
What?
Whatever you call it, that stuff smells like crap.
That smells worse than that hash that they're smoking those cafes and I'm stood on.
Oh boy.
You ever smell hash?
Oof.
So we never ever smelled it?
Well, you certainly never smoked it.
Sure I have.
No.
Don't say that.
You got kids out there listening.
Next thing you'll be saying you're smoking marijuana?
Not presently.
The wicked weed.
Not right at the moment.
That awful stuff.
That's sensimilia, baby.
We got people out of the age of 40 listening out there.
You're going to corrupt their morals by saying, thank God I'm back.
Jesus Christ just in that good time before this man put this whole town a pound in hell.
First he's talking about hash, hash browns, that's okay.
Yeah.
Hash brownies, no that's even better.
God damn fucking idiot.
Listen to me, this is stand by and steam for sulfaking.
You understand?
Well everything is held to the high sulfaking standards.
The selection isn't just huge, it's sulfaking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sulfaking's price is not just low, they're sulfaking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sulfaking as a beautiful store, I mean sulfaking beautiful.
When I say staff is helpful, I mean sulfaking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sulfaking and enjoy a selection that's sulfaking huge.
A staff that's sulfaking courteous and pricey is that a sulfaking low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You're so fracking.
So fracking good.
So what's he really trying to say?
10.45 at 5.60 WQM.
All these people getting molested on those carnival cruise ships.
You don't think Mickey Harrison anything to do with that deal?
Oh, good. Thank God for that.
Isn't that his thing?
I always get those confused, those cruise, because they're all rip offs anyway.
I mean people that go on cruises need mental help.
They haven't got the foggiest idea of how to have a good time.
I'll go out there in a cruise ship and get seasick and puke or guts out.
You get stranded at sea with a bunch of losers.
That's always a great way to spend your vacation money.
Carnival revealed 62 sex assaults in five years.
Crew members faced accusations and set up a big story in both papers today.
People being molested at sea probably by a bunch of seamen.
How do you like that?
So go take a cruise and maybe you get something that you weren't anticipating.
Like maybe it's scored, scored.
A little of that.
Nice going there Mickey.
Here you see this is what's as wrong with his town.
The people like Mickey Harrison and Wayne Hypinga.
The people who are a cancer on our lives.
This town can't do enough for them.
Can't give them enough breaks.
Can't make them enough money.
Can't spend over for them enough.
Oww!
Over and over it goes.
And the good people like if I could think of any.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
I have another useless nothing about Britney Spears that my niece told me.
Hey listen this audience is very big into a Britney.
Well my niece is too unfortunately.
How old is she?
15.
15.
She's 15.
Yeah.
How many niece?
But she told me that Britney has implants.
No.
That's what she told me.
Britney Spears has implants.
You need to know this?
Oh my god.
Wow.
So I mean you know my niece doesn't know her and who really cares.
Yeah.
You know I hope that your niece isn't too concerned about Britney's breast.
You know because it's a tough life.
And there's only somebody teams in the WNV8.
Although there's always those opportunities and ladies soccer now you know.
This is true.
Yeah.
I love you Neil.
Thanks for the good news sweetheart.
Have a good day.
And back to you.
You know this town is so boring.
Have I said that before like two three million times.
God is it boring.
I should have gone see an American pile last night.
I actually wanted to watch about a happening in the all-star game just by default.
Desperately clicking and flipping and twisting all over the place.
What did I see on much music last night?
That was marginally something.
Damn it.
I was going to talk about today.
Headed to music again of course.
No not with them.
Not with toy box.
Oh by the way you were wrong yesterday.
George is wrong.
You were close though.
Not far from Copenhagen to Malmö.
They're from Denmark.
So what you call it?
Aqua.
Aqua.
How soon they forget.
Aqua with Barbie.
See Barbie was always much bigger in Europe than it was here.
It was a hit here.
But it was huge over there.
And this group is also from there and they look the same.
And they sound the same.
And they're even bigger toy box.
They're gigantic all over Europe.
I'm not going to say that's a good record.
But it's fun.
You know it's a novelty record.
And this guy at least looks better than the one in Aqua with the shape head.
Same orange shirt though.
I mean it's like a direct rip off.
You see them the first time and you think how can this be?
How is this possible?
It's the same people.
Then you come back here and you watch the 85 different boy groups.
I'll try to rip off the backseat boys.
Or maybe they're trying to rip off Jordan Knight.
And by the way if there are worse video ever been made.
Not only can't he sing.
But oh man.
Jordan give it a rest.
You better be a low put sandwich.
And you're a career.
Woo!
Thank God for all those desperate girls out there who couldn't get laid in a cucumber patch.
That's the only reason that guys like Jordan Knight.
And I say guys very loosely.
Well he's got any career going at all.
I mean she can't sing.
She can't dance.
She looks like Helena and Ron Wheels.
But other than that she's big.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I live in that bokeh one of the few Gentiles.
And you know you used to take the Jews.
The Jews used to go away for the summertime but they hear all year round.
And I'm just wondering what they're doing here all year round.
You know I can't get a seat anywhere and they just nudged me to death.
Yeah.
And just they don't think they're taking it.
Maybe there's a message they're trying to.
And not to subtly convey it.
How can they stay here all year round now?
Maybe they can't afford to go anyplace else.
Maybe all their social security got eaten up with the heavy tips they left at the early bird.
Well thank you Neil.
I love you.
God bless you sir.
Good luck to you.
You'll need it.
Okay, watch out for the old Jews in bokeh.
They'll get you every time in the ones in Delray Beach.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Let's face it, we got too many old f**k things down here.
Definitely too many old Jews.
And if we could just you know kind of straighten the demographic out, this might be a pretty good place.
Get rid of the politicians.
I mean like start with a clean slate.
Wipe a clean, get rid of Cateroio and the Mayor Ping on all these other assholes.
Get rid of all of them.
Start clean.
Send Wayne and Mickey Harrison off to someplace else.
Send him to Israel with Daddy with Teddy or somebody.
He's only got 9 billion over there.
They can probably buy the whole country by the time they get done.
Wayne can open some more big shopping malls.
They can build them a couple of bigger arenas.
Yeah, they just won't plan Friday night or Saturday afternoon.
That's all.
And they can bring in the Orthodox to Davenir inside the arena.
They'll build a replica of the wailing wall.
And they're all standing there rocking back and forth.
I'm a real chapada, yadah, yadah, yadah, yadah.
And back here and just so sad.
You're a good friend, you're a...
Every time I think of those silly tragic people, I think you're a friend you were accountant David.
Who he needs to be deprogrammed.
He's just fine.
No, he's not just fine.
He needs to be deprogrammed.
One of these days he's got a...
He's got a role-most film to tight.
He's not cluttering up the restaurants or the theaters on Friday night.
Yeah.
Making it easier for us to start around tonight.
He's not just fine.
He's a tragic, tragic excuse for a human being.
He's taken up oxygen that a thinking person could be taken up.
And by the way, thanks to our good friends at the Freedom from Religion Foundation
and Madison Wisconsin for sending me tons of stuff today, along with a nice letter from Elizabeth,
who says the response we received was tremendous and all positive from your program,
which we did about a month or two ago when I read one of the brochures.
Which one did I read?
Dear Christian, was that the one?
Dear believer.
Oh, dear believer.
Well, I got all the other ones here.
Things get slow.
They're all great.
Freedom from Religion Foundation, PO Box 750, Madison, Wisconsin, 53701.
If you want some of their great literature, the case against school prayer,
all of their stuff that makes all the sense of the world.
The ABCs of the Bible.
For every letter of the alphabet, they've got things that are mentioned in the Bible here,
like for example, a human body wallowing and bought in the highway.
The most pornographic book ever written was the God-Dame Bible.
An angel killing a hundred eighty-five thousand warriors in one night
that's in the Kings 1935.
Asking your neighbors to help you stone a stubborn son to death?
Yeah, he was really big to Lord on that stoning your kids to death.
I mean, you think we got drug problems in America today back in difficult times,
they were all stoned.
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pines.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I wanted to...
The guy that called before about taxing people that worked in Miami and live in Broward County
and back to...
Yeah, what the hell was he talking about?
What exactly?
I mean, if anything...
He's an asshole.
I mean, we've got people...
I mean, I would just...
Didn't even want to dignify his presence there.
I want to ignore it.
We've got people coming up that live down in Dave County, working Dave County,
come up here and give us grief.
I mean, I'm not trying to...
Yeah, but don't forget once they get that penny sales tax
and then they're going to come up there and bring you money is what they're going to do.
Well, everybody's going to come up to Broward and shop and Broward.
That's what we invite them to do.
Go back to Dayton, pay your tolls back there, but if you want a shop, come to Broward.
Well, I mean, I don't mind them coming up here and shop and...
Just as long as they're ever...
Stay too long.
Right, just don't stay too long and do what you got to do and get the hell out
and learn a little English when you get here.
Okay, see ya.
I'll read the merch.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Hey, this guy, I guess, hasn't been to the Sawgrass lately.
Anybody speaking in the English there?
No.
Not a one.
There isn't anybody in the Sawgrass, but you know, I still have no idea who they are.
I've been asking that thing, how many years ago they build it?
Let's see, I lived out there in the acres about eight years, eight to about ten years.
And about a year after they moved there, they started building that damn thing.
There was nothing there, and now, of course, every half a block, there's another...
There's a denny, there's another electronics store, another computer store, every quarter of a block.
And they just built that thing from nowhere, and all of a sudden one day, there was the Sawgrass.
And ever since that thing's been open, I keep asking on there, who are those people that are shopping there?
Where do they come from?
Where do they stay?
Where do they live?
Where do they hang out?
Well, you know, and nobody knows.
Not that I want to shop there, you understand?
I mean, I could throw a bowling ball from my house to the entrance of the yellow 2-can entrance of the Sawgrass,
to the purple parakeet entrance, or whichever one it is, but I don't want to go there.
Because every time you go there, you've got to park about 150 miles away from the goddamn shopping mall number one,
and number two you walk in there, like this guy says, not only are they speaking English,
they're not even speaking... who knows what they're speaking.
They're speaking languages and haven't been invented yet. They're speaking Sanskrit.
They're talking bubonics.
Here's the lady mobile and keep her skin. Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, I just wanted to tell you something.
That's a little of a skinny lowdown on this whole toll and tax election and all this other stuff in Lake County
that's going on a friend of mine, free, well connected politically, and I got it from this friend.
Okay.
You're going to see, after all this whole fruit and all this is over, that they're going to build a metro rail from the airport to the cruise ships to the port of Miami
to make Mr. Harrison real happy, because they don't want to run buses to the port of Miami anymore with all these cruise passengers.
They don't want them to have to be any closer to Miami than they have to be, so they're going to put them on the metro rails and bus them out there on that.
That's what this whole thing is about. That's the bottom line. That's what they ultimately want.
Yeah.
And I don't know if anybody told you that yet or called you about that yet, but that's what's going to happen.
Okay.
Okay.
Say how to Mickey.
Is that rough? It looks maybe now for maybe some.
Flip them to Mickey. Okay.
And say off those cruise ships, they're getting molested like crazy on here is what I'm reading in both papers today.
Oh, they off the cruise ships. That's our warning. Okay. All you want is expecting bastards out there and all you people listening on the audio net all over the world right now.
Stay the hell off the cruise ships when you come to Miami coming to Dayton, Browell, at least come to Browell. It's been your money.
Come to the sawgrass. We'll provide an interpreter for you.
But don't go on those damn cruise ships because the first thing you'll do is get molested.
That's right. You'll get raped. You'll get attacked. Got to know what kind of crap will go on.
And by the way, if you ever saw the guys that work on those cruise ships, they're all ugly. Nobody wants to get attacked by them.
Not even Jordan Knight.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You're a shoulder day. Okay. I'm not going to go to any of the stuff that I brought in. I'm not going to talk about it.
I'm just so bummed out about Tracy is leaving and all those other things that you're telling me this morning and then the thing about the lawsuit against the Waffen.
Oh, I mean, how can you, like I said, how could you have any self respect left working for a man like Greg Reed?
There is no similarity between this and a radio station. I, you know, I would be used to say it was like it could be a Chinese laundry.
I haven't figured out yet what this could be. Not a place of business. Maybe like a country club.
Like a low rent country club. You know, like for losers who can't get into the real good ones. Like us.
This summer there's no well a polo. So you got a.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that.
This is my end. Hello. How you doing Neil? I've got some more information as part of that penny sales facts that they're talking about.
You probably didn't know they've got 50 brand new buses down at the central facility but they aren't going to release them.
The laughter of the tax has approved so it will give you the illusion that your tax dollars went to something.
Naturally this was already allocated out of last year's money. So much would like to know that. Thanks for the good news sir.
All right. Take care. Okay. More of the pieces of the puzzle all keep fitting together as they try to manipulate and brainwash and of course they will very successfully no problem at all.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes ma'am. I'm a third. Well it says on here lady in Miami is what it says on the board. Okay. So you better convince George that you're not a lady. Okay. How old are you? 10 years old.
I'm from Boston. Yeah. I'm going to come down here with my grandfather. I always listen here program. Yes sir.
Uh huh. Keep it up. Okay. Okay. Bye. See ya. Okay. He's 10 years old. He's from Boston. I guess you don't want to make it to 11.
He's calling the show 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. That's it. We got one or two calls on here. You people have no material today.
And I'm not I'm not bringing out the good stuff. I'm not going to do it. I'm going on strike today at least for one day. I am just distraught.
And then George tells me that people were calling while I was on vacation saying, oh well you know Neil let all that business about how many uh no you three and a half years left. He'll find a new deal.
It's a dangle all kinds of money in front of him. That's all these people know is money. That's all they know.
And of course it does require money to survive which is the only reason I'm sitting here today. That's the only reason that I'm sitting my fat ugly Jewish ass in this chair right now is because it requires X amount of dollars to survive.
And if I had X amount of dollars all I need to survive the rest of my life I'd get up out of here right now and say have a great life or not as the case may be. See ya and that would be it.
Oh no no it would go not. Oh what did they come up with this crap are these people out of their minds. Yeah look at this I'm sitting here talking to myself then and they think this is entertainment.
Neil getting on the ear and trying to prod people in a making a free phone call every day that we're paying for.
That's beautiful that's that's the tip off on this whole area. That's all you need to know when you come here is to turn on this show and hear what I have to do the kind of verbal gymnastics that I have to go through to try to make anybody say anything.
And then we want to put some 10 year old punky kid that grandpa puts on a phone air or whoever was put on which he may be a nice kid someday if he lives long enough.
Did he have anything to say? No.
He told a few seconds though thank you sir. And then you call him a lady that's nice he's probably going to wind up having started growth that probably turn out to be like another Jordan night before he gets done thanks to you.
Huh?
Oh that's your tonight I'm going to try to he sends me straight to the toilet he just sends me straight to the personal bus.
I feel like Tom green on a bad day. No seriously every time I see that.
Oh.
And I like I told you before I would rather watch lymphatic biscuit and then watch it your night.
Here's a mobile and lake worth hello.
Hey Neil what's the deal with you bratwurst and they can shake why don't you try and find something to eat with a little less like lips and rectums than you know.
5670560.560 on the 18t wireless line I like lips okay you can have the old record stick with the lips.
Here's a mobile in Naples hello hello yes sir. Hey Neil how you doing okay.
I haven't spoken to you in quite a while. Yeah come on out to Naples. No thanks.
You want to like about Naples.
What do you what do you want to talk to us about today sir.
What do we want to talk to you about how the fan is doing this year.
5670560.560 on the 18t wireless line if you're you hear from out of town believe me before it's too late before you unpack throw everything right back in the suitcase.
Get yourself a cab get right to the airport and go anyplace just hop on a plane and say take me anywhere take me out of here please.
And don't waste any time doing it that's my best advice to all you people who think you're going to have some kind of a great time here.
Here's a lady in Opalaka hello.
Hello yes man.
Can I just barely can hear you.
No I'm saying yes it is.
Yes oh can you make your language list of expensive.
No you are the big.
Yeah the why is the why are you listening.
Why are you listening.
I just happened to turn on the radio and this is final it there's nothing good.
Goodbye.
Goodbye my arrogant and periods Jamaican lady.
Like I said boy anybody ever made a Jamaican woman that wasn't a real bitch.
No.
No.
Boy oh boy.
I mean she's not listening anybody believe that.
No.
She's not listening.
The fucking bitch.
Yeah.
Can't I make that if you're not listening why should I change my language for you bitch.
Why should I change anything about this show.
This show is for people to enjoy it.
Not for pussy up type bitches like you.
They want to tell me how to do my show and tell me what I should say and what I shouldn't say.
No one of the Jamaican guys are all smoking the goddamn newspaper.
I'm on.
Yeah.
Have to put up with a bunch of bitches like that.
With that arrogant Rudian I went through that a year ago about you.
I never in my life encountered one Jamaican woman who didn't sound like her and that same imperious.
Condescending attitude like her.
You're a bitch honey.
Get back on a banana boat and go back into.
Pick plant plantains or whatever they what do they do down there what are they doing Jamaican besides smoke weed.
Y'all are not.
Oh they jerk pork I forgot about that well she's probably got a lot of practice at that.
You're bulletin Justin all Jamaican women being sent back at noon today you're deported sweetheart.
I just can't stand that slow.
I feel the cause Monica's the China.
Yeah.
She let's out of the game go.
When they make it we go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Well he don't know where a stoke he goes I can see how there was some confusion between humor door and human horror.
And then I can't stop the term Cedar Bach means so her naked stars reportedly to go in blind.
Now please listen he was working hard late nights in the overrear fence working on a practical joke.
He took him back to Nudo for an exploding loading for my girl was blowing rings a smoke.
They'll say cause Monica's the China.
She let's out of game go every time he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Or people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband feel that Hillary was wronged.
Yes.
Well his word are right was hurting her she was Pinoc Le CrTV from the
zamaticortuna line the
Dessert IPS
You can do in the behind
There
Yeah vibe
Yeah
Oh yeah yeah
I'm gonna take a tip of it all.
I'm gonna put it in a frown.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go on, and I'll put it on.
And I'll put it on.
Yeah.
I was right there, so I'm going to come.
Mr. Spender, whatever your name is,
dig it, land it to the big spender,
stop spending our money on our fax paper here,
we get all the stuff from the Freedom from Religion Foundation.
I don't eat any more material.
I've got a pile here. I've got piles of stuff.
Stop wasting my fax paper, please.
God dang it.
Anyway, speaking of people who are real pain in the ass,
although I wish I'm luck,
but I'm getting really tired of this Dave Slater guy.
I am, I'm just ready to puke from these people already.
Subject emergency hearing judge,
Federica Smith has sent the emergency hearing
on a ballot language issue for the upcoming penny sales tax election
for this Friday, July 16 to 3.30 p.m.
There you go Dave.
Good luck to you, and I'll leave me alone.
I live in Broward, okay?
I don't need any of your grief from Dave County.
That's your problem. We don't care anymore about Dave County.
They're animals anyway, and they let them lose their souls.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
That's our poll question today.
What are we going to do about these guys, damn,
Jamaican women? That's our poll question.
Did anybody ever meet a Jamaican woman who wasn't condescending,
imperious and obnoxious?
Has anybody ever met one?
No. It was like a civilized, reasonable person
who wasn't looking down on us and everybody else,
and given that real crappy.
She was perfect. She was a stereotypical Jamaican woman, man.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Here's a mobile and Davey. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hi. How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Long, long time, listener.
Long time.
I wanted to take a few minutes to your time, but I'm going to take another two and a half hours.
Whatever you want.
This is a reference to the Cubans.
And 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's go to Kendall. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
I got one word for the Jamaican lady.
Number one, I was offended by her voice.
I'm old. Right.
Two words for shampoo and soap.
They really work.
Okay.
Couple of other issues.
Maybe she had a trystick in the soap and her recto.
Clean up her rack.
Couple of other things.
Clean up your brains a little bit.
Not to like probe the audience, so to speak, as far as issues.
But on the gun stuff, I could care less.
Because I know if I talk to everyone of my friends and everyone of your listeners,
voting dead, it's not going to make a difference.
But there was an ad that I think was on the station there.
And it was for the gun show.
Yeah.
And they told me that they were going to grab all the time.
And they said, get out here this weekend before the laws change on how you can purchase a gun.
Yeah.
I thought that was kind of thick.
It is thick.
The whole thing is thick.
America has a gun sickness.
There's no question about that.
It's a mental illness in the American psyche.
They have an obsession with guns.
The last thing.
The last thing.
On my vacations, I travel all these other places where nobody's got guns except the police.
And nobody's worried about some kind of a coup or some kind of a takeover.
They're walking around.
The government changes in Italy every five minutes.
And they're still doing okay.
And the people aren't running around shooting each other with guns.
The thick place we live.
Yes, sir.
Well, we don't really live in America down here anyway.
But anyways, the last thing on Casino Gamley, once again, it doesn't matter if everybody went out and voted
because it's never going to make it through.
I would love to see Casino gambling here.
I'd be the first one there.
But you know what?
We're probably one of the few places in this country.
Which grew it up somehow.
Okay, and have a great day, sir.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And that other guy that wanted to take two and a half hours to talk about the f**k's in his hell with you, pal.
You must have a hearing problem, okay, sir.
We're not talking about f**king gun.
It's sure anymore.
I'm sick of it.
I've had it until I got f**king coming out of my ass.
I don't want to hear about it.
Turn on the radio, Mom B.
One of those, uh, no speaking English stations in here.
All that crap you want.
I can't handle it anymore.
I'm over-saturated with it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mr. Rogers?
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
I asked George, he says I should ask you.
I've began the, uh, atkins about three weeks ago.
Thank you.
I've had extremely good results, except for one little problem.
I was wondering, uh, short of calling in New York, maybe in either solution.
Anyway, it increased at B.M.s?
Yeah.
Take a console.
How do you spell that, sir?
K-O-N-S-Y-O.
You're biting the drugstore or in the public's world, or your shop.
K-O-N-S-Y-O. It's a fiber.
You just mix it with the water or diet soda, whatever.
And it doesn't taste all that great, but it's fiber.
And all of a sudden, you'll be your brains out.
Hi, thank you very much.
Okay.
I'm a very nice thing.
And have a nice movement.
Oh, hey, listen.
It may not be the most pleasant topic in the world, but it's a part of life.
Okay.
I mean, if God would have been a little more civilized, we wouldn't have had these messy bowel movements to deal with.
Entire rea and constipation like this guy's got.
But they atkins happen to be binding.
And maybe, by the way, part of the ideal is if you're not having very good bowel movements, you might want to cut the cheese a little bit.
Because too much of that cheese is really binding, baby.
You know that old expression about making the cheese more binding?
How could that be?
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon. Good morning.
Good evening.
Hey, Liff and I happened to drive the track to trailer whenever I could get up north of Palm Beach.
I stopped at Bureau.
This is Stake and Shake.
There's closest one.
I heard you mentioned something in plantation.
Is there one going to be built in plantation?
I'll find the sawgrass supposedly on 136th Panther Parkway.
Whatever they call that now.
Supposedly there's a shovel on there on the dock.
Right.
Somewhere in that area and that block.
Oh, okay.
It's coming.
I've been looking.
I haven't seen anything else done.
Except a bunch of people going to that stupid concrete bunker.
Yeah.
On the wall.
I guess that's it.
I'll keep you posted.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Got a lot of lines ringing here though.
But Jordan is doing a show with somebody on the phone in their works.
Of course, I don't want to get started on that because you know how I feel about when people call me.
I want to get hot shot.
Jordan trying to.
Hot to try to put George when he's still in and doing the show.
Sorry.
Tom to call the sales department.
Okay, they don't know.
And the attentionist doesn't know.
Okay, we're not here to do that.
Okay, that we will we're going to adopt the same attitude as the management of this radio station does.
They don't care about the sponsor.
They made that very clear.
We've tried desperately to get that.
We try to get that taken care of.
We can't get it because the management of this radio station doesn't care about you people.
It's been all your money advertising on a radio station.
They don't care about you.
They care enough that they want to sue Waffen so that you don't have another place to go and spend your money where they might care about you.
And they're going to give you some service which RCL people know nothing about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We lost about 20 or 30 calls on there while you were giving a number out.
I know that I want to get upset about that you understand.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm Mr. Fiskum College.
All right.
I'm this President Clinton's address down here in South Florida.
I don't always address here in South Florida.
Well, I know he was coming down here to talk about the mistreatment.
You know, the Coast Guard was giving us two minutes of time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just got back in town and I was wondering if you guys have seen South Park yet.
No.
Did you talk about it or did you talk about it?
You're just seeing it.
I think it's the best musical since Greece.
It's absolutely fabulous.
Are you fucking carrying me?
George, your two thumbs up.
Oh, good.
Well, tell my totally agree.
And I think it's great.
You ought to go see it.
You'll love it.
It's like when I first saw a letter and said that.
No, I will not like it.
I don't like South Park.
I'm not interested in cartoon characters saying four-letter words.
I'm into adult saying four-letter words.
Not cartoon characters.
It's part of the juvenile, the whole American refusal to grow up.
Well, I think it was like when I saw Lenny Bruce the first time.
He was talking like a little potty now, too, but it was made up like that.
But he was a human being.
And how many years ago was that?
30 or 40 years ago?
Well, yeah, but this is the first time I've seen something like that.
It had the same kind of first amendment.
First amendment.
What first amendment?
We don't have any first amendment.
You're the one that's only saying it's just words.
It's just words.
It is. That's right.
And that's all this cartoon is doing.
But I don't want to see a car.
If you enjoyed it, sir, I'm happy for you.
I have a great life.
You're trying to sell me something.
I'm not buying it.
I'm not into South Park.
I'm not going to try to be cool or hip or young or this.
I'm an old fart.
I'm not into South Park.
I don't need to see a bunch of cartoon characters talking about farts.
I got my own farts.
Okay?
And all of these things.
George liked it.
Okay, it's right up his alley.
He also likes Limp Dick Abysket.
Okay?
So there you go.
I rest my case.
I like more macho people like Jordan Knight.
5670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T.
Well, Sam and the guy liked it.
You liked it.
He wasn't satisfied to leave it with that.
He wants to sell it to me.
That's the problem with the world today.
If you like it great, if you like it in the ice cream, I don't want to be grudged.
It doesn't have any taste to it.
But if you like it, I'm happy for you.
Just shovel it down.
Stick it in your neck.
Do whatever you want with it.
Take a bath in it.
I don't care.
Just like all religious crazy people.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we got to save you.
We don't want to be saved.
We don't want a year from it.
And let me say it again.
You notice I've been right on my word on this.
All you got to do is mention the C word on this show.
And you'll hear that dial tone.
So fast you won't know what.
Hit you.
Okay.
I'm so sick and tired of this Cuban horsecraft.
Turn on a radio mom V.
La Pura Rosa.
All these other 7,542 goddamn no-speakening lady stations.
They'll hockey with China with the same boring crap until it's coming out of your ears.
Turn on channel 20 trace.
Cinqueta Uno.
Whatever the hell you want.
Don't waste my time.
But I'm not interested.
And neither is anybody else who speaks English in this town.
Okay.
We're tired of it.
We.
That's O-U-I.
We.
And we don't like them too much either.
You go to Hell, you jack.
Mocafard Talks Sports Weekends right here.
On sports radio 560 Q-A-M.
Now what was that?
Was that a double whammy?
Well, what was that?
Was that a fake-out?
That first one is...
That's a cue on it first one.
Not that I'm going to get all psychotic about it like Joe Zagaki.
You know what I'm talking about?
And then I find out to the grapevine.
Not only did I hear about all the other grotesque things that happen here.
Last week, I was on vacation.
But...
Joe Zagaki.
...filled in for Hank one day.
And even Joe Castello was in there screaming now.
He sucked.
Joe Zagaki sucked, okay?
Okay.
Yeah.
We just took a poll.
Everybody in his building.
But you see, he was in filling in because I can't imagine who it was that decided he was going to fill in for Hank one day.
You want to say that?
Now, if you were going to show, why would you have wanted somebody on that you absolutely know sucks?
It is the worst.
We could have had...
We could have had the cartoon characters from South Park fillin' in.
I would vote for that.
Saying crap on here would have been a gigantic improvement over Joe Zagaki.
Uh-huh.
That's right.
Just saying...
Do you go to hell, you dad?
For four hours.
We would have been better than Joe Zagaki.
Because...
I had that.
Yeah, if you listen to Joe Zagaki for three seconds, you wish you were in hell.
Or you think he already did go to hell and died.
A man not with a bad personality, a man with no personality.
He's enough to make you want to take your radio and put in the fish tank, even to one in your car.
Seriously, there were people trying to drive into the sea aquarium while Joe Zagaki was in to try to put their goddamn radio underwater.
That's how he pressed they were.
By the way, Mike in Kendall says,
In response to the herald article regarding cruise ships, a month ago I took a vacation cruise to the western Caribbean.
The problem I had with cruise is that with the exception of gambling, there's virtually nothing to do during the day while let's see.
Tanting at poolside is the other alternative.
You really need to go on a cruise to get a tan when you live in Florida, right?
Uh-huh.
To get a nice melanoma working.
Unfortunately, one can endure the scorching Caribbean heat for only a short period of time.
Next year I'm going to Las Vegas for vacation says Mike, I agree completely with your an analization of cruise ships.
Nice going, Mike.
Don't waste your money anymore. It's for suckers.
Cruise ship is for suckers. It's for the frogs, the French Canadian and those other unsuspecting tours that you see getting off the planes before Lauderdale and an MIA.
And some schmuck holding up a sign that says Royal Caribbean or whatever, whichever one of those it is.
They cut them off at the pass and they grab them and they all form a little line and they goose that found it at their little bus.
And they go over there to the port of Miami or Port Everglades and they get on that little cruise ship and they just have one horrendous time.
And don't give me a s- don't even waste my time by the way Colin is show and tell me that you had a great time on a cruise ship because we'll laugh you right off the planet, okay?
You just don't want to admit you got sucked in. That's the problem.
Although I'll be honest with you, if you have to take some kind of a crappy plane schedule to get to Vegas like Joe Costello is doing, I'd almost rather want to get on a cruise ship and you know, just lose my money fast get it over with.
Because these people are going to get on these long, arduous plane trips that go my god, what time are you leaving?
3 30 he's going to get there at 12.02, which is three in the morning. He's making a 12 hour flight.
I was playing as at seven, five and eight. Well, that's not too bad.
It's shorter through Dallas. I hate to break the news. It's about seven hours with a two hour layover. It's five hours of flying. It's only a total of seven hours when you go through Dallas.
But you're going through Chicago. Great. Say hi to Mike Disney while you're up there. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. What's going on? Not too much pal.
I'm retired military just came back from overseas and I went down to the Florida job program that they have for the ex military.
And the first thing to guide says in the interview is you speak Spanish. That's what I speak.
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes.
Yes, man. Hey, Neil, do you put on the erections song? Oh, is this another punky little kid? Yeah. Yeah. No, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 8.
We have one call left in the board. Maybe it's a real lady in sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hello. Yes. Okay. It is a real lady. I have all these punky little boys calling who sound like ladies and George keeps putting a lady on the thing there.
Yeah, you're not hurt. Go ahead. Well, I just wanted to tell you it's really ironic that you don't like or that you're not interested in the South Park movie because it's just about what you're always saying about how hard words don't hurt people. Yeah, you know how you always get fined for saying something.
No, I don't. Don't you always like getting trouble? No. For saying something or letting something go that you really shouldn't have said. No, you don't. No. Okay, no, I'm so stupid. No, you don't have to feel stupid.
I don't like South Park. I don't like the Simpsons. I'm not in cartoons. Is that okay? Oh, yeah, I don't I don't I don't need to go see a movie to reinforce what I already believe. What's the point? It's preaching to the choir. Why should I have to waste my time going to see a movie with a bunch of cartoon characters telling me something that I already believe.
It was funny. It was funny. I don't I don't like South Park. I'm glad that you did. Why why are you so wounded that I won't go see it?
Because it was really really funny, but I'm not going to go see it. There is less than no chance. There's as much chance of my watching that is my going to a Jordan night concert.
I would rather be dead than I would rather be dead than go to a Jordan night concert. I would listen. I would watch South Park for a hundred hours before I watched Jordan night.
I would never watch South Park. Well, thanks for not ripping on the ear and a good new today. Okay, have a great day. Okay, I don't have any problems with the South Park or the people who watch it. You know, those who have who are immature and juvenile. That's okay. Like George.
What is that? What is that thing that I'm seeing in the doorway? What does that say? It's a Jordan night T-shirt. Also, that must have been Sam standing behind it. I can only imagine. We can only assume that it's Sam who hangs out with all these group cakes.
Not that we want to ruin your Venezuela and imagery or anything like that. Sam, but you maybe want to butcher up just a couple of notches on there. Like kick it up a couple of notches like Amber LaGazze would say, Sam.
And quit hanging around with all these damn lightweights. And I do mean lightweights in every sense of the word. He only wishes he knew Ricky Martin say.
Hello, and Ricky just signed a $44 million contract. I love that and Ricky, baby.
Even like that big thing on his push, that big brown mole on his push. Oh, speaking of Angela Ray, by the way, she needs assistance.
You think we could take up a collection and get some assistance? Now, who's that? Julie Roberts? I can't see it.
Cindy, what's the face? Crawford? Yeah. Oh, there's Sam with Cindy Crawford. What we all know about her too.
Let me ask you something, Sam. Do you know anybody straight? Sam? No.
Oh.
Twenty. See, and he's another one. You know, I wouldn't be surprised if he for the end of the year. Sam and Hank disappeared together because they put Larry King to shame. The two biggest name droppers I have ever seen in my life.
It's unbelievable. Here's Sam with so and so fill in the blank. Here's Sam with. Here's a picture of Sam with.
There's a picture. What was the thing from some when the Marlins won the World Series or whatever was they had the microphone in front of Jim Lee Leonard, whoever they were in the.
And there was Sam in the background with a microphone with a QA logo. There's Sam in the picture with. Here Sam over here with. He's an underling. In other words, he's not like a full-fledged human being with his own identity. He's like an appendage to.
And then over to everybody else. But thanks for getting my checks, Sam. And you're still a puss.
Don't say pig. You're in front of Jesus.
They're blind. Jump and out of brain between them. And they're on Saturday morning, tuned down. It's 25, 95, 55 and Monica and they're the Spice World.
So why you slutty little girls out there and remember to turn on the Spice World every Saturday morning. You're loving.
You're like the Spice World every Saturday morning.
17 people knew this 560 WQM. Look at that one line left on the board there. These people the last couple of days. I mean, you talk about ants in their pants.
560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Weston. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? The other one. Okay.
I wondered if you've seen the Sentinel local section yesterday about about Gloria as Stephen and the the accounting or office that goes in a lawsuit.
Well, one of the guys is in trouble for fondling the other guys. Jan it all. Yeah.
Wanted to hear that? No, didn't hear that. Yeah. It's one that you can go to work from Earth, Griffin.
I think so. Okay. Thanks for the good news. 567. We have nobody on the board. There was one coming up, one popping up right now. 560, 560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
See, this is what happens when I make the grotesque mistake of just coming in this morning and turning the show over to the audience because I'm so distraught about all these things that go around us here.
Because I'm realizing after this just be my third day back after a great vacation that I don't even want to say it. I just don't want to say anything about this place.
Here's a lady mobile and cutlery. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, I want to thank you for getting on the Cuban because I'm 560, 560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I guess they must have a real hearing problem out there. Turn up your miracle area. Okay, honey? We're not talking about the
**** on this show. Today, tomorrow, two weeks from stuck us, we don't want to hear about it.
Go put it on the goddamn record and just keep playing it like a stuck record over and over again. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, you're out of town. Did you know that Mario Puzodide? Yes. Oh, okay. I didn't know if you knew that. Yeah, you know, it's amazing how the word gets over on the world.
Yeah, well, we're going to miss them. We're going to miss it. Did you know? No, did I know? No, the George zone. No.
Now, Andy from the hockey games, I'm going to miss him because I knew him. He was like, he was like a real person.
Somebody that I knew somebody I spoke to somebody that used to sit in front of me for two or three years at a hockey game.
Somebody I like. He was a pretty good guy. He was fun. Mario Puzodide, I'm not going to miss him. I didn't know him.
He was like, what, I'm about 80 years old. He was 78. I think something like that. Not like ancient, but he was old enough.
We're going to miss him. What are we going to miss him for? Go read the book or watch the movie again.
And the best news of the whole deal in every dark cloud. There's a silver lining. Look at the bright side. Now we don't have to put up with Leo.
Because he's not going to be any godfather for. Let's hear it out. Leo.
Leo.
Man. In fact, I'd rather go to a Jordan night concert with Todd Breck than to ever see Leo again.
That's how he detested the nauseated and by Leo. Oh no, come on. Talk to this.
This is going to be the threatening audience music for now. This group, I'm going to seriously. He has just got to go.
Leo, I'm saying. Come on, go check. This is the blue top.
Thank you.
Sounds like he's okay. I'll have your pleasure.
And if you think the song is bad by the way you ought to see the video, it'll make you uptuck for hours of the time.
Here is the silver city in New Mexico. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing, sir?
All right. Hey, I want to tell you I listened to that Louder from St. Louis the other day and I hope your show goes national.
I work on it at a station out here and man, you know, we can get you over the internet. We hope you can like it.
Well, we're getting calls. We had a call from Korea yesterday and now that we're on at broadcast.com thing.
We're getting calls from planets that haven't been discovered yet just to get that guy and saying Lewis all psychotic. The one that's got is Jerry Falwell blow up doll.
Yeah, I like Jerry Falwell. I don't play with my TKWK all day.
Exactly. All right. Thanks, Neil. Good to be with you.
But don't play with it until it gets purple because then you got real problems and you're if stick your ass in jail or some party.
Probably the part that that football player that Robert Baker guy was talking about the things that he saw in the slammer there that no young man should have to be exposed to.
Well, maybe if you weren't trafficking cocaine, Robert, you wouldn't have had to see those things, you know.
5 6 7 but don't get sore about it, Robert.
Right. Because Jimmy likes you. He never met a criminal. He didn't like 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Boca. Hello.
How are you doing? Okay, sir. I think the dolphins or new colors are going to have to be those orange prison garb.
Right. You know, because I'm going to do when I read when I read that, I'm like, this guy will take anybody here. Everybody.
He it seems he gravitates or there nobody else in the league would take him and then Jimmy signed them up because he never met a goddamn con that he didn't like.
Remember, he's not the head coach. He's the warden of the team. Right. And he closed it.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 very good sir.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale. Hello.
Yeah, I miss Abe Brinken.
Yeah.
They will pass that tax and date. All they'll do is switch it around like it did last time.
If you don't want the tax, but yes.
No, that's not what it's going to say, sir. We have the wording I read that yesterday, but thank you very much.
That's not what it says. If you're for the tax you vote yes, if you're against it, you vote no.
We're heading the wording and I read that on here, but nice try.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, new low are you? Okay.
So now that they got rid of Captain Jerk, the golly, what and they got rid of.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? You're a little bit back. Thank you.
What are we going to do with the four-take of July?
And this guy's talking about hockey. How do you like that?
What are we going to do with this Alex penis and his polone with the tolls?
I say put him and Robert Baker and a jail cell together and see what kind of green apple crisp that the two of them can come up with.
You know, I, the only thing you can say is it's got to be a load of corruption involved in this.
No, no, come on, not in the county.
There must be, you know, in closing, I've been out of town last couple of weeks and I heard recent bit that you did about a furniture distributor.
So he didn't say it right. You just, you just got to know how to sand, pal. That's the problem. That's the whole point right there.
So you're, you're relegated to the South Park movie. You're stuck.
We're turning you into cartoon characters. You just don't know how to sand.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. One call left in the board. Well, Jordan Knight. He's standing by.
He's always ready. That's what Sam said. You want it? He's got it.
How about those things called razors Jordan? Try one. You'd be amazed at just how much less schmuck you would like.
And maybe a bath might help too. What I'd done. Don't, don't get a hold of that soap because you're too.
No.
No.
And the best part of this song is 4 1 1 2. So I could play it about four times and we'd take his right up to two o'clock.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line in the town where they've got no material, baby. Not just weak material. Not just bad, stale material.
But no material at all. None. Zero. Zip any doda. Like this guy that's gonna be a song of dance about Captain Kirk McLean. Like anybody cares about that.
No, of course not. Get with it. Get with the program. Don't be like those one dimensional football people that are making a football calls in the middle of January.
Okay. And the middle of July, et cetera. Get with it. Get a life. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes.
You got a great show. Yes, I do. Fantastic. Too bad the colors. Hey, Jerry. Jerry, the held about the pro.
I'm gonna show I could have if I had like unlimited calls on this show if I had like if I'd have to spend 90% of my time squeezing and begging for calls. I could have a 90 share if I had a real show here. If I had a real audience.
Would you say about your rose? But did you read the paper about protest down in Key West?
Okay. And that got on today just like it didn't five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going? Okay, sir. Welcome back. I want to let you know that one of South Florida's finest gave me a ticket yesterday because I pulled through an intersection.
It was crowded. I got stuck up to the light change and I got a ticket for obstructing traffic. Yeah. But none of the other culminates is down there during the process. Okay, great five six seven oh five 60.
You see basically if you take this is the one thing that I'm learning here today. If you take that one element out of your out of your itinerary.
Do you got nothing left? That's it. That's all you got to talk about. She got a kiss to the ground that you got to do.
And people that I want to speak English because that's all you know how to talk about. I find it terminally boring.
And the last thing I want to be on this show is boring. It's repetitive. It's not I'd rather hear.
I'm going to play this. I can't stand these people. Okay. So all they know is about all the banana people to do. Okay, great. Well, if you don't like it, move the broward. Okay.
Move the Palm Beach. Move the Volca. Move the Stewart. Move the Uranus. Get a life.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T line. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. As far as the road is concerned, that might be delayed that attorney.
Freightmen, you know, is suing state County not to put it on the ballot. No, they're not suing not to put it on the ballot. They're suing to change the wording of it. Not to not put it on the ballot. Yeah, but that might delay the whole thing.
The judge just handed on the ear here a few minutes ago. Sir, the hearing has been moved up to 3 30 on Friday. Oh, I didn't hear that. Well, there you go. I already thank you and have a great day. Okay. See a little bit of a little bit of information is very, very dangerous.
Five six seven. We got one call on the board. It's going to be Jordan night or it's going to be you and the calls. It's up to you. Okay. I couldn't give a crap. Less makes no difference. I get paid just as much. I can reach over here and press the button. I can start it and I can stop it and I can start it and I can stop it.
They make a goddamn bit of difference to me. But if you want to show the world all these millions of people are listening on the audio net and on all over the world.
To one of the great radio shows in the history mankind the fact that nobody in his sense got anything to say. They'll say, oh, that's why nobody wants to go there. That's why everybody just cringes when they mentioned the name of that place. No wonder.
How does that poor bastard do it every day five days a week? Now, how come you don't want to work another 15 20 years doing this crap?
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Plenty of space for today as managed would say. Plenty of openings in the motel.
Here's a mobile in pop and oh hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. In the in avoiding the well star game. All star game last night. I was flipping around and on a and E.
There was a they have a show called city confidential. Yeah. And they were talking about the stabbing murder and rape of a girl in Bermuda.
And the entire island in the entire community was totally shocked by this brutal action. And then this is the whole thing just you know when it's a detail about about the case which was.
And I was thinking to myself if I was watching it if if that happened not what if that happened here when that happened here it's about five minutes if that on Channel seven with all the history and on all the other stations it's nothing.
We're so brutalized here and we're so used to it that that violence like that is in every day of currency and we just kind of.
And the slaughterhouse man is what you're trying to say and I've been telling you that for many many years this is this is not a civilized place to live it was it was made.
How much that as I'm watching this one of the head of a.
You know a native gentleman there in in in dreads and everything else like that person that you would say oh my god look at this guy scary and he's.
Right and he's on there and he's saying this is not the way we are we're civilized people and I can't believe that something like this happened in our community and this was a single isolated incident and it was such it it had so much gravity that it caused it was a Canadian tourists and it actually caused an international incident between Canada and Bermuda.
And I was sitting there myself how low have we gone and how far have we sunk it into the into the.
Well why don't you know how low here this is nothing new it's been going on here for 30 or 40 years this is the slaughterhouse.
Well I realize that.
I think brand new.
Well no but it's just I guess what it is is like it's like a callus you know it starts off being an irritation and then the skin gets a little thicker and then it takes more and more to.
Irritated and bring it on it is it was nothing less night to look at that and realize I mean here we are like you know you always come back from Amsterdam and wherever you've gone you say that these are civilized places and they you know we just throw.
No homeless right right and you know it just and it so happens that one of the two assailants in this in this case was not a Bermuda in that he was a German.
And there you go exactly the rest of my case.
Okay pal I think you solved it.
Yes I'm a now he's a who we owe who float it into doubt and when I read the herald I just can't put it down.
And all the gringo's move away they ought to try to get me.
He held me and me how to change its name in that's the end of the end of the round.
It makes my time.
And it's perfect for a town where there's no life to be found outside of what is in the best like rubbing a p.m.s and juke things or is in the hands of her rotators to the air against an astro studio.
It's come movies that is the sad that's all you need to know.
I read it when I get the case of black beans words and then I wipe my ass and I wipe a pair of russures to be happy and rough.
Be happy and rough.
This makes my time.
Be happy and rough.
Be happy and rough.
This makes my time.
Be happy and rough.
There it goes black Enemy.
Yes.
Coming to Daenerys, wぐing.
Welp, primzwig.
Welp, w alegfig and through
anyway 203.
203.
60.
Oh, there's a better one. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He says oh, yeah cut number in Yine. I think is the one he said was really good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hi. Good afternoon. Good noon
Good day. Good day. I don't know if anybody told you but on Monday morning of food and the bitches in the morning had a
There were pedaling the attacks increase they had some kind of a guess on the a metro date expressways and there were
Why we need the selling trees and whatnot? They were they were promoting it? Yes, they were promoting it
But you know I have children that if they would ask me for two pennies
For education. I will say yes, you know our problem is that
Our school system is screwed up that people don't know their math here
They don't understand that another quarter a day
It's $5 a month which equals to maybe $120 a year
But when you go by a month is $120 a year the $60 last time I check well back and forth
Oh, okay, yeah, and
If you want to buy a car or any big appliance
It's gonna cost you much more than that plus all the utilities your phone your mobile phone your electricity
So it's not a penny. It's it's 1% it's not just a penny. It's 1% that's 1% so if people will
Learned their math in elementary school in high school. We wouldn't have this problem. Yeah, well
You're dreaming now. Yeah, so and that's about it. Okay. Thanks for bad news
Okay, foodie is on air promoting the 1 cent sales tax
How to stick a foot in his back though a jerk what an idiot
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line waiting for some people with some new material here today so far
It's pretty stale she was alright, but other than that here's plantation. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes
I'm one of those people that hang out at the plant fish the sawgrass small
I'm your neighbor right down the street. Yeah, believe it or not and you're at the sawgrass hang out there pretty awesome
This sounds like the guy with the eyes to me
George
And it is it is it's the guy with the eyes
What did I what did I now was that that was the self-fulfilling prophecy wasn't it?
I said who are those geeks that hang out at the sawgrass mall and there's the guy with the eyes
With when you look up the word geek in the dictionary his pictures right next to it
They invented the word with him in mind and he hangs out at the sawgrass with all those other people who came from somewhere from
Some place where the ship landed we don't know where the ship is
Wow
whoo
That is shocking to me and also one more good reason why I'm not shopping there anytime soon
Although I would like to try legal seafood. I love legal seafood because they're eating there in the one in Boston many times
And it's great and it's a chain and it's the same
Yeah, we had one or two spy reports on it by now
You were to think a whole lot of other people would have eaten there at legal seafood
Maybe what I'll do is go over there like tomorrow night have dinner with legal seafood and then go over watch American pie
Which I'm sure must be playing at the AMC 500 Metriplex movie theaters. They've got over there must be
Here's a mobile and boi and beach hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great that last guy no doubt just by the sound of his voice
Oh, I mean the first thing I thought is this now forget about the voice if you saw this guy
Oh, man to see how this did just uh, yeah, hey that last tune that you guys had on my
Get in crazy. That's number one with a bullet
What is that last song you guys had before they're coming through the break the Pandora?
Yeah, that's fantastic. Okay, and I was wondering who was the heat looking to draft in fourth round next year
Some guy that just got out of Rayford
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
How are you sir? Okay?
Just wondering if you received my facts today on that fascist big-out in Davy
Yes
Have you talked about it yet? No, of course not. I'm not gonna put that on a year
I mean anybody can make up some story like that. How am I why would I put that on a year?
Because it's true. Well, I'm happy for it. So we're unhappy is the case maybe I'm not gonna slander somebody on the air based on you
Faxing me something with somebody's name on it. Of course not
5 6 7 0 5 60. I just love these people think that this show is like an outlet for their own access to grind and I'm without
Even being able to verify something. I'm just gonna put it on the air
Here's hi, Leah. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? You're doing a fine job. I'm so did George last week
This is why you were gone. I'm sad. Did you either threaten the herald? There was a
That piece by a guy called no card on New York Times. Yeah, a show called family guy
Fox is new animated show and here's some priest named Shell
started writing letters to the advertisers and they called it the
proud sponsors us if it didn't exist and here they're Christy got a few of them to withdraw the gaps Brent Kellogg's Pepsi
I wonder if you'd seen this thing. No, I'm gonna send it to you. Okay. It's good for a little bit of
New Zealand. Okay, thank you. Ta ta 5 6 7 we got 600 open lines two hours to kill here
We're gonna make it today. No chance in hell, baby
That thing was as you're making when we should add a hundred calls on Ed not one call
Well, I've of course they realize what I'm saying is true. They just gave up it through in the town
In the church in his court
Everyone has the right to a fair trial when up there proven wrong
He has the right to make them get down
Judge James Brown
Johnson's case 101 to matter of broth versus Jones. Thank you, mr
Sure, mr. Jones and I carpooled the work occasionally on the way to work
He put in a Ricky Martin cassette then he just cranked up the volume on my cassette machine and pulled the knob off
So I couldn't turn it down
No, you're on her I can't stand Ricky Martin
You're under the knob on the cassette machine came up by itself. No, it really wasn't my fault
Yes, you aren't because the defendant told me to and he said just turn
That's a volume and I did I turn it
So I apologize to you at my fools and in a very mountain in your car you want to be living in the judge in time
That was some soul
The law gets them on you judge James Dwell
Well, they both have one thing in common anyway
Club 14 at 560 WQM. We have a 14 open lines 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the mobile one line Hank Goldberg at 2 6 o'clock gym medage from the stadium the dolphins are having night practice
We're not really sure what they're practicing. Maybe a breakout
Huh you think that?
Maybe that's what it is and a practicing escaping as
As Jimmy continues signing every goddamn criminal that ever came out of the pen and they got the dolphin practice in the stadium
The mandates will be there 6 to 9 tonight am I right?
Yeah, and at 9 o'clock tonight two and a more must be a lot of gambling going on because we give it an extra hour tonight
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
With Garage down to Miami. I know if you can hear me if you can hear me say yes
You hear me? What is it?
I'm pulling into a garage
Now I hear you the beginning of a little chopper. Yeah, yeah, I just want to pay something
That was great
Man that was all this bad is what happened to Josh on guiding light yesterday when they dragged him away the prince and the princess and
Whatever all that crap is about boy talk about silly talk about ridiculous and
And that's why we watch garbage like that because we need to in a escape from all this other all these things like that call
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. That was my favorite call in the last five years
That was great. How much you sir? You end at piece of crap phone you got
Here's a mobile in Pember pine. Hello
Just wondering if you caught the articles on Martin Frank of the gentleman who was scounded with the Vatican's money
And a couple of mutual funds money. No, you didn't catch any of that yet. No, so 300 million dollars had some stripper at the Vatican
Stripping off a clothes and everything else. Yeah, yeah, get the priest into this. Nobody's called up in the last three weeks about this case
No guys on the run it was in Connecticut that he had this where where did you read this? Oh, it's been in the Wall Street Journal the New York Times
Even the Sun's Fendler had a little blurb on it, but nothing spectacular. I guess that's why do you read any other
Newspapers except the arrow that are sent off
What I'm not here, but when I'm world world. What else am I going to buy when I'm here?
I figured maybe the New York Times no, I don't read the New York Times to me the New York Times
They sue an intellectual piece of crap. All right, then this little crap that they have here
Well, I don't care. Maybe they finally hit a story that you didn't have here, but generally
It's that I'm going to help you show a lot if you you know kept up what's going on
It would help my show a lot because I didn't read the story that you're talking about it would help my show a lot
And nobody else knows about it either they would really relate to it. Okay, so if I would just read the goddamn go back to New York
Okay, they'll leave the times on your doorstep every day. Okay pal you jackass
That's a typical New Yorker. Okay, because I didn't see this story and I'm listening patiently and he's describing and do I read any other
Papers I subscribed to the New York Times for two or three years several years ago
Okay, when he used to deliver it in that orange wrapper every goddamn morning
It's the biggest waste of frickin time and money
Cost an arm and a leg and what's the big deal with the stick in pseudo intellectual New York Times?
Give me the Toronto Sun any day of the way I could name you a hundred papers right now better than the frickin New York Times
But this guy because he's from New York. Therefore, I don't read the New York Times and it would be a lot better for my show if I would read it
No, if an asshole like you would call every 15 or 20 minutes, that would be better for the show
That would be very helpful call me again tomorrow about the same time. Okay pal and feed me some more of your bull crap
Errogate New York pig
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, huh?
How you doing Neil? Okay, sir? I just got back in vacation too. I guess we signed it together this time
All you got to do with the New Yorker man is look at him cross-eyed
This degree one minute about what time of day it is right away
But you know right away they start with a frickin attitude or not feel the same way. I got a spy alert for you
I saw one of our model citizens one of our jocks the other day
We have a secretary and she dates a lot of athletes and she says I want you know who this is sitting here
And I said no it's a black man. I know that and she said this is Brian Blades
And I just spared at him. I didn't have anything to say to him except what I was thinking was you murder in some of a bitch that got off
It's got free. Yeah, and she wanted me to be so impressed
He didn't save this guy
Wasn't impressed Neil wasn't impressed
Just another Schwarzer. Yeah, that's all okay. Okay. Thanks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's a Davie hello
Neil how you doing today okay, sir?
They're rific
Anyway, anyway, I was called why is it called about that call that's allegedly left that fact before you went on break
Before you went on station break a few minutes ago. Yeah, well, I want you know. I wanted to thank you for showing restraint on that
You can see whoever you whoever they got was that sent that facts
That what facts you know what's in the facts
Well the one that said he did that he sent the facts to you
Oh, what's in what's in the facts? I have no idea
So then how can you be congratulating me for a restraint when you don't even know what it's about do you have any idea what it was about?
Well, he allegedly what this guy said was about that fascist take a sub
Ohio huh?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
And it just it's like a little cluster fork is what it is, you know guys sent me a fact this morning that I got before come on a year
About something allegedly happened at some school in Davie and you know he could have just made it up
I have no way to know it and he's got a guy's name in there which I'm not gonna go on a year repeated
Just because somebody sends it on the facts machine and now he's got this punk calling with the same old crap
Find yourselves a life, okay?
In fact, I can congratulate the guy I think he should have horsewhip the both of you at the same time
Think he should have put you in jail with Robert Baker and you can all watch though or participated and all of those horrible things that he was talking about which we can only imagine what they were
Who the hell are you kidding man? Here's a mobile and Kendall. Hello
Yes, sir, I like when they say it really helped you show out. Yeah
He would really help my show out and he's calling he's calling to have a discussion with me
But I need to read the same articles that he's read why doesn't he clip the article out and why did he send it to me instead of giving me a
Suitable song of the dance about why should be reading
To read the damn stick in New York Times
Like my ass with the New York Times
What way would it help the show I like when they say that but the ratings the ratings mean nothing later
I listen a couple of weeks ago. I remember in the mango munchers are out there demonstrating
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the sunrise. Hello
Neil yes, sir. I don't want to discuss it. I just was curious about your ban on the seaworth and I thought I wanted to
Just happened today. I just heard you cut off a
What do you mean? I just did it again? I will continue doing it because I'm tired of it. It's not it's not interesting
It's not it's it's terminal. Well, that's gonna seriously affect your ability to criticize what goes on down here a lot though
Sir if something else happens I'll be more than happy to discuss it
There's nothing happening right now and I don't want to keep rehashing and restating the obvious
There's nothing going on at the moment. Oh, I'm sorry. Everybody washes up on the shore
I'm not gonna spend the whole day talking about it here if we have more disturbances or you know
I'm gonna talk about whatever's going on in town. There's nothing to talk about these
These one-note Charlie's that want to keep you restating the same dancing. Oh, they're terminal. It's like the sports callers
They're ponderous
I just love your commentary about what's wrong down here whether it's the sea where the New Yorkers have come down like that last guy
So I just didn't want to miss out on it and have a great day sir. Hi
5 6 7 0 5 60 calm 5 60 on the mobile one line. Are you using what are you doing in there? What is that?
That's that hand washed us and I told you to stop using that still not out of it. I
Like you're not out of it. It smells good. You're not out of it. You know what you sound like now you sound like my mother
You're not out of it my mother who is niggeredly even with my money
No, seriously if I could begin to tell you how annoying that is she'll tell me she'll do something that I bought in my house like
What tied or whatever it might be?
Soaked detergent whatever it is. Oh
Now didn't realize you can get the same thing at Walgreens for 29 to like I'm gonna go out and pay attention to price the money
I'm making and the money that I give her every month and on her birthday and on mother's day and all these other days
So she's not only niggeredly with her own money. She's got to be niggeredly with my money too
I don't want to get friends like if I wasted one square of toilet paper we probably have to have a congressional investigation about it
How come I'm not thrifty enough which I didn't realize I was Scottish
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. No, you know
It's a it's very true and that is that
They must be like an SNN thing with a lot of you people out there because if award for the various groups who destroy this town and keep this
Rough to get I have no idea what kind of a life you'd have because that's the only material you've got
No matter what like I was
Ballistic the other day about this thing with it with a penny sales tax and the charade
They're doing a tie up the traffic which is the first thing that confronts me when I get back to town for vacation in my car out there
I know 112 is this big traffic gen because we got a bunch of bozos who can't figure out the difference between a quarter and 50 cents
There was no big hue and cry about that I
Had that Dave's later on here putting us all into a coma for 15 or 20 minutes
Which I salute him for what he and Richard Friedman are trying to do but I'll be honest with it was coma inducing it was boring
I don't want to be boring. Okay anything else on this show, but boring is the last thing I want to be
Here's Miami hello
Hello, yes sir, you know, no, I'm very highly upset with you today. And why is that sir?
Because you don't seem to give people second chance at them all you know, not saying people what we're kind of a fully voices this
It's what
Yeah, and how come you got the radio turned up in the back there you got your squeezing yourself now
Why you're listening to the sound of your voice?
Yeah, you need to get a life is what you need pal and work on that comedy act okay, it's really bad like I said boring is bad
There's a good buddy JP who came in to say hello to us briefly
Just a joke just a just relax just sit down and quit being so uptight
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on the mobile one lie
Yeah, you need to do you needed it. You know, I don't need to do anything pal
I don't need to do anything that you tell me I need to do see as soon as somebody says you need to at that point that's the end of the conversation
Now if you want to have a discussion I'm sure there got lots of people over talking like some of the sports shows would be good
I can pick a several right now some of the ones that start very slowly, you know I
Don't want to mention any specific one
Here's a call from Naples hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir calm down. Please come down about what I need to calm down
I'm calling about the
In Bezler that you got a call about it was not only in the New York Times
It was in USA today and it was in the Miami Herald in page five about two weeks ago
And if you get a hold of the story of someone would please fax it to Neil
You'll have a lot of fun with it because this guy looked like Alfredi Newman with glasses
He has sold about three hundred and fifty million dollars had women stashed and mansions all over Connecticut
Paying maybe I did see that story it sounds vaguely for me
But it's it's it's it's it's it's truth is stranger than fiction and if you ever catch the guy
It's gonna be a very very funny story
Okay, and I think you know something better rather than telling you which newspapers are to be reading if they would just back
I know
It has been in a couple of weeks. They haven't found the guy yet and it's gonna be it'll be all over when they do find them
Okay, bye. Bye. Thank you
Yeah, if you just read some other goddamn newspapers like USA today with all those color pictures in there
And then if you just go and watch that South Park movie god damn it
Yeah, I'm gonna which I'm gonna adjust my whole schedule now my whole life just to please this audience okay
You'll tell me exactly where I have to go and what I need to see what I need to read all your little fashistas out there
And it'll one the same circular file that fax that I got this morning
You know the one about that the goofball and Davie. I think I'm gonna dig it out and read it
27 I'll just make up some different names 27 past noon at 5 60 wq. I am I'm telling you right now seriously
I would like to I'd like to get a hitman for John penis. I really would
He just he just
Just threw me off today. I came in this morning doing you know feeling pretty good. He's destroyed my day
He just ruined my life John penis
So if there's anybody in the audience who never thought who thought I never met a penis
I didn't like in this case believe me we'll make an exception because this John penis guy
He just he just is killing me he's killing me
He's borturing me he's making money for my for my talent and he's killing me
He is panthered tight in teeth are fairly wide but they're obsession with them. Let's disgrace
He brings a song
He made a film take long for their mid-room walk and plastered with his face
He makes some drops. Yeah, all them teeny pops when he's held his pump and laugh they're upon stage
Sure, he's a star but I don't care what he are and if you think I'm just jealous that's okay
Don't get me started on Ricky Ricky Martin. No
He might just lose a lot of fans
Oh right
Pem33 is a 1033 God has been a long half hour 1233 at 560 WQA
Maybe that's why there are no material already nobody on the board not one not a single one
560 705 60 pound 560 see if I would just read like more colorful papers
You know like the New York Times
Which don't have any color at all well maybe once in a while not just to a panda
Just to make it look like they're moving to the 20th century with their old boring black and white
And you want to say today to kind of balance it out with all those real colorful pictures and all those surveys and all those
meaningless up holes that they take
If I would just be up to date on that then we could really have a show here, you know
But I prefer to be stupid myself that I can relate better to the South Florida audience
560 705 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line in fact
I think what I'm going to do over this coming week
I'm going to go out and kill a few people and then see maybe if I can sign up to be a linebacker
With a dop and see that's another thing nobody that calls this radio station really
Got too much to say about the public any of these things including the bitch that called for
The night Tom jicke was filling for head cappin which I think is the Wednesday before I went on vacation
And I'm coming home from the track that night and this woman calls it about the tree in spree whale
And how good he'd be doing in New York and how what a bad mistake it was that he didn't get him and Tom jicke
Nice to go on by the way Tom
Was rightfully outraged unlike most of our sports suckles that we have on this radio station
Tom being a guy with a little bit more common sense like that and not needing to perpetuate all of this crap to try to keep
His own livelihood going
Tom was just a gas that her attitude
And so was I and I thought to myself what a bitch he must have a relative who's been in Jamaica
He must have rubbed off. Oh, yeah. Well, don't you think winning is more important now
We can't worry about the character of these people anymore. We just have to worry about winning
And by the way, how come our kids don't have the right values anymore?
Here's Miami Lake. Hello
Speaking of which the serial killer at Raphael Ramirez, Ramendez, whatever the hell is in there?
Ramirez shorts, yes. Yes. Now that he is in custody. Yes, and he hasn't been convicted yet. Yeah
I heard that he kicked a field gold in high school. Maybe to doff. All right
Thank you excellent. I got bless you there. There you go. Let's get him in here now
Like before they put his ass on death row
Sign his ass up Jimmy
Just what we need is another Mexican the little Mexican field world kicker. All right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in south Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, what's your take on that young university of Miami? How are cool team this year?
Hey, yeah, listen
Hey, um, waterbars getting psychotic down here. Oh these folks have one thing split my mind. Oh, I had a chance with me last a couple of years back
And if you thought that the process down here and this is one day mind you shut down the causeway
They have this thing in Atlanta. I'm sure anybody else in Atlanta will call and then testify this. It's called freak nick
It's when all the kids from all the black colleges
It's like a black spring bring it I guess they call it come and do downtown for the black hog festivals or whatever they have
And you thought it was bad dying on just one street these who you'll shut down the causeway up there
They stop as that's where the guy they do this
Anybody from Atlanta will call in and
You keep saying the same thing over and over you say that four times now they shut down the streets to get out of their cars
Yeah, last last their monkey music all over the place the
monkey music all over the place. Okay, thank you
Back on the ports sweetheart
5 670 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line like I said thank god to live in a real and light in place like America. That's what we say. Yeah
16 hundred open lines waiting to talk to somebody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail today. You think it's gonna happen? No doubt it
5 670 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line mobile in Jupiter. Hello
Neil yes, sir, I'm not talking. I have a couple questions for you a little bit off the subject
Uh, this new defense when it picked up any good. I don't know what he's okay. I don't hurt much of them. Yeah, and the Travis be kid if you're gonna work out
The what forever kid?
Sir, why are we talking about this because I don't like anything else Tom. I was changed to subject Neil
Well, what do you mean you don't like anything else? It's the 14th of July. We don't know. Nobody cares about hockey in the middle of July
footing me. I just heard about this
Defensive I hadn't heard about it. So I just wasn't heard about him land put lick that's out of an Ottawa
Troy Ackman being engaged. Let's go that way. Yeah, how about it. That was yesterday's news. Come on
How about let's go this way? Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line now we got this guy doesn't like anything else. I'm talking about let's talk hockey. No
Here's plantation. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hey Neil how you doing? I was doing great about 945
I'll make it to great now. Let me ask you a question. Well, let me tell you something about 12 14 years ago when you were on Zeta
Don't cut me off and you went on vacation one Christmas the bird played your rack which you know all your bits
And I recorded it about three hours worth of the funniest stuff I've ever heard in my life right and this morning
I heard you play that Monica's cigar song. I got to get that thing on take could you tell me when you're going to play it again?
Can I tell you what I'm going to play it again? Please either today tomorrow
Tomorrow morning at 10
Terrific. Okay. Thank you Neil. Don't let me forget. I'm gonna call you and remind you slipping out under the door. Funny
It's stuff I've ever heard in my life. I listen to that rack all the time. Okay. Okay. See you. Bye
All right 21 before what at 560 WQ there was the best call we've had all day today
I'm anything to say but it was still the best call we've had now we had a couple one or two
5 6 7 0 5 60 see this is what happens when you get John penis comes here in the morning and just blows my mind with a bunch of bull crap and
And the meantime we don't have anybody in the sales department
I don't I can't even get you can give me going off on Brian
I thought that Brian was at the top of the list before I left for vacation kept to find out he's also a jackass
And gets you uh gets sucks you in to put in guests on the show
Well, I heard about that which I've had no spy reports about by the way
sucks George into putting guests on the show
From some fag play that's coming up that we're gonna be doing spots for next week about naked boy singing or something like that
And then George let's Brian
Suck him into putting this is the same Brian by the way that wanted me to start talking about salad dressing
At nine ten o'clock in the morning when my show started one day a couple of months ago
Because the president of the salad dressing company was in town listening in the car
And he goes to George's there some way you can get Neil to talk about it in the right at 10 o'clock because the guy's gonna be listening
Yeah, oh, yeah, by the way, I love that salad dressing
You people in the sales department here you're crazy people you are crazy crazy crazy people
Each and every one of you with just a matter of degrees and don't give me the third no more either as in third degrees
Go away far go sell some other shows
The world of exploding balls
Look at all the red dick girls cut off certain herring girl going to the bar to get some drinks
Getting beat by redneck slop like what you see each night on top there what's put the c***** in country
Look at all the redneck slugs eat one chest pizza or huts in their dreams. I wonder while my shorts
They say I can hold with doctor pick up right not so long and promise in the Lord to breathe the more
Somebody tell me why all trailer parts that lie
Can't over tomato super hell
If the rings and bellies had to build it Jesus welcome answer brother place the banjo in a tree
Take pride in her heritage and says who says this is the best foundation of a Christian family
Born again
Raise the Lord
And bang their savers when they're born
What would Jerry spring or do this our most redneck women who
It's a
Dury
1245 at 560 wq a.m. Let's read all these booklets
I got 400 booklets from the Freedom from Religion Foundation today dear Christian dear believer
Their confused is America Christian nation and x-rated book about the Bible why women need freedom from religion
Why Jesus what's wrong with the tentacle mammoths at settlement so on great stuff freedom from religion foundation medicine Wisconsin
They make a lot of sense. I'd rather read their stuff than the freaking goddamn New York Times any day of the week
Okay, how do you like that?
Maffles and stick them back in the New York in the rotten apple
Why is it I am of course when you got 10 12 million people you do have to realize that proportionally
You know it figures that they're gonna be a couple million real assholes
But why did they have to come here?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Fort Lauderdale hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to let you know that the real victims of all these taxis and
You know this money being siphoned out of our pockets are the people like the kids in school, you know like youth because they don't they don't even care and
You know tomorrow it's
The toll raise or tuition, but you know somehow we're just gonna be eating ramen noodles forever
I
Want to see how long we'd take before you put the thing on the cradle and the phone too
Maybe that was the hand that rocks your cradle
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Thank God the good stuff's in baby
Came in late today, but it's in now here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing?
Carter talk on about the money fans that the problem with the two
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 have you ever noticed by the way that the smarts isn't this town the only thing they can talk about is sports
You know what's that ball games
No, not we they can smoke it but then sell it but they can't talk about it
Seriously, I mean how come we don't have any smarts is out there can talk about like important things
Oh, well, that is important like Steve Weisman just resigned for 25 million for three years. Let's talk hockey
Okay, Trevor kid. Fuck goodbye Kirk McLean
That's not I mean a guy calls me up
Has known nothing about Lance Pitlick and he thinks I'm gonna engage him in conversation about hockey. Okay. What's the point
This guy wouldn't know where to find Ottawa on the map if you stuck his ass in it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line and by the way the wrong Andy
I hate to say this but I'm gonna say it because I'm in just a silly enough mood the wrong Andy from the hockey games died
I say that from my heart from the bottom of my heart the wrong Andy died
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil how you doing pretty good sir? I got a problem. I need you to fix
I'm I'm almost gonna vote yes, and I wanted to know if
The only problem I have is that I need transportation. I like the metarill idea and you know
I almost feel bad because I know how you feel about it and I've been listening to you for a long time and
I've been by my hands are tied
You know, so I want to hide with what?
Well, I mean, I'm gonna I'm thinking I'm waiting to voting yes
It's the scale is falling on that side. Well go ahead have a great life. It's a free country
I can't tell you what to do if you want to the metarill if that's gonna make you happy if you want to be selfish go ahead
The thing is I'm on with all the sales time what I hate driving in this town. It sucks
So what does that mean? I like public transportation. Well, I've voted yes have a great time
I don't don't the call like with this torture thing
I'm not here to tell you not to even allow ice cream just because it's tasteless in bland go ahead
Go ahead stick into the rest of the people in this county don't have a conscience
I don't care if that's what you know you'll have a lot of sleepless nights too bad
Just so you have your convenience okay be selfish like most everybody else just be a selfish prick
We won't call you on the carpet for it until I 30th when it passes by one vote
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Mobile in Palm Beach hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
Listen, I get a I was driving down Palm Beach, Lake Boulevard and there's a cop in
There's with students from radar. Yeah, and I just noticed it
You know, yeah, you start people like breaking make sure you know you almost cause like a 20 car collision
This A-hole cop pulls out in the middle Palm Beach, Lake Boulevard
Holds up the hole three lanes of traffic holds this guy over and probably almost caused like a 15 car pile up
All for just a revenue you while almost
If there's guy going about you know 40 50 miles now or you know
I mean it is a like want to get the money for revenue for tickets
But you're there trying to kill other's right? But sir, let me ask you this question. Do you think that it's gonna change?
Do you think that something is gonna change?
No, I doubt it. No. I was kind of to work this morning. I'm coming down high at this road
And there's a couple of porkers standing there with their radar but and they're talking to each other
And of course I saw them way up the road so I'm going exactly 35 and a road by the way with a speed limit minimum should be
45 maybe even 55 but definitely 45 and they're standing there again shooting fishing a barrel with their radar gun
It's just a waste of our taxpayer money, sir
But it's not gonna change because that's the Merck and F and Way
I'll tell you once again. It does give me pissed off and fired up. Well, that's good
Don't take it. Okay
5670560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got people murdering people
But we got people in jail for a little weed. We got all this other bullcrap. We got the governor's wife smuggler and 20 grand worth of God
Then goods in here at the airport through customs
Thank God she set the precedent which made it a lot easier by the way for me to smuggle in those two pounds
I brought back from Amsterdam
5670560 pound. I'm gonna crack it out tomorrow by the way
That's right. He's going back to Gainesville. That's good. We don't want to corrupt him
I'm bringing in a good stuff tomorrow. So if anybody wants to have a raid on the building here tomorrow
We're gonna have a lot of reefer right here in the studio all during the show tomorrow
Make no mistake about that. George is bringing in his instrument from the house
We're gonna have a big gigantic party. We'll stay with a little for next week
Okay, that's enough
5670560 pound 560 on the mobile one line
I mean what kind of a country? Oh my god
When in fact one of the things I did clip off this morning, which I wasn't going to refer to any of these things
Well, maybe I tossed it. Maybe I shot candid
I guess I did that stupid article about marijuana that study that they did
In the somebody experts say this and somebody expert. Oh, what a bet and then what what's the guy's name?
Well, I always liked him Charles Wrangler a big black guy from the Bronx up their New York always liked him good liberal guy
Oh, this is a terrible message for our kids. Yeah, right
What about your horse crap? Okay, Charlie
Cut the bull crap
I guess he figures maybe it'll take away if we legalize pot
It'll take away a lot of business for some of the people in his district, you know
I don't want to mention no Puerto Ricans
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, ma'am. Hi
Great. How are you? Good. Thanks. That's what what I'm a fucking generation fan
Great
You know I am now no I'm at a jury duty and I had a break
So I decided to go to my client
But in the end it's I haven't really had a chance to listen to you since I graduated from school about five years ago
Now the case that you're trying now is it somebody like a un trial for his life or something like that?
No, I don't think so. What do you do?
Um, no, I'm just like in a jury pool. Oh, you're just in the pool. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just waiting
Yeah, yeah, but I haven't had a chance of some views like this five years and two or six ten
So I don't like walking around at length time if I don't go
Isn't this great and you notice it's the same old crap if you notice that the same horrible colors the same bull crap. It's great
No, I know but I haven't had a chance with because well let me call him before I get called back at one o'clock
So listen, let me say something. So um, we think about Ricky Martin
Do you want a real answer about Ricky Martin? Yeah, because I know you like loosening girls
I want to see your opinion on Ricky Martin. That damn bag. I can't stand it
No, he has a back-and-pump. Yeah
At the time he gets like a picture of something and he can't sing for crap
Yeah, but if I be to dance it's better than uh, in Ricky, go ask him. He can't sing for sh**
Yeah
But do you like how he dances? I don't like anything about him. He nauseates me. He revoltes me
I'd rather watch uh
Jordan night and I'd rather be dead than watch Jordan night. Does that tell you how much I despise Ricky Martin
So we're about Ricky with you
In reek. I love in reek. Yeah, he can't sing for crap either, but I love I know I know I know I can't stand it
You can't sing for sh**. Yeah, but it's beautiful. He's lovely
Yeah, but I still can't stand them
Well, that's talking to you now. Okay, I have a great thing. Do right now. Do justice. Okay, I'll try to put somebody away for you
Okay, fry the rest. She's just waiting in the pool up to her knees. I guess
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 animal. I mean, you know Ricky Martin
What's he're to talk about a lot of hysterical young women out there with really crappy tastes who couldn't get laid in the pickle patch?
Okay, that's the problem
And they could get laid by Ricky Martin either by the way under any circumstances trust me when I tell you I guarantee it
I promise it right now you can take it to the bank. You can bet your life on it
But all those hysterical steamy girls no matter how and whatever they look like. Okay
Stay or not getting anywhere near his
Okay
Whatever the mayor's name is
Here's Vokey. Hello
Hey, me. How you doing? Okay, sir?
If we're having this party with the stuff from Amsterdam tomorrow, are going to come down? No, no, no, we don't share
Oh, we don't share. No, it's George. I'm going to be going back to gamesville or who?
Yeah, George is going to gain Phil JP's taken over the show tomorrow
Well, there's probably some good stuff up there. He can come back with. Yeah
So uh, Britney Spears and Plant you like them
Do I like them? What what does that mean? Do I like them? I mean, I'm a fan
You got to appreciate them
What was her dad thinking? Let her do that. What do you mean? What was her dad thinking is dead?
Her dad was seeing dollar signs is what her dad was thinking her dad
There's dead though fool her dad's making a fortune. That's true. That's right. F&A, baby
That's the American way TNA and F&A. I mean more younger ones should do it. That's the American way right
So that's good, but Ricky Martin. He's not doing it for you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Sir, you're pathetic. Would be such a compliment for that call
I would be such an understatement of my nausea and grief with that particular call and just a tone in your voice. So sad
See, I'm not one of those people that really gets all that excited about people that I can't really touch and have and hold
I mean, you know, if you don't have a life and you want to get all whipped up into a frenzy about people
You never give it with a hundred miles of great be my guest
I don't get all that excited about people
You know if it's somebody that actually that can reach out and touch then I get a little bit excited about it
And if I actually do reach out and touch then I might get real excited about it
But somebody that's like nebulous because they're in show business
I'm not one of those people that says it's a drooling in front of my TV set
Unless of course it's that Lenny Marlin video and I'm watching that guy. She's chasing him on the railroad station
Why keep talking about well if you know
If you know what was really going on
But you don't three minutes before one at five sixty wq a.m
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans
I find their illogical and foolish emotions are constant irritant
Unlike you we humans are full of unpredictable emotions love
Kinderness. Yes
Beautiful than any dream of beauty ever known what is your point for this spot
Just me
You know your mind
You don't really want to hurt me do you?
No, I don't think so
I
Hospital in my head at the wrong entry point. Yes very well captain. I again
Places you what are you waiting for her if you excuse the intrusion captain
Very bad
We
I'm waiting to scrape
An animal flashback enjoyed it. Believe me. It's a spot
It's painful in more ways than what I don't know why I have not been infected
Thank you mr. Spock
From both of us
103 at five sixty wq and by the way mandatio just the phone in the message
He said if Robert Baker was upset and grossed out by the things he saw behind bars
Wait until he sees what's gonna go on a dolphin training camp
Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line WQAM
Hello, yes, sir
That was so funny. It was cute
That was so
What do you guys make that or is that something that you guys like licensed?
We we did it
That's great. Yeah, thanks. Okay. See okay. That was good. How do you like that?
He liked to bet he called him to say he was this squeezing himself. He was so excited about hearing it
He's trying to figure out how he can do it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
By the way, I've had word that the calls today have really sucked. I had a report on that and
Remember this hour we can upgrade a little bit between now and two o'clock because the calls have really been very weak
Very weak because I didn't spool and feed the audience at the beginning today and I also cut out the
Seaward so we get you know kind of limited your repertoire
grammatically
Oh, yeah, but those damn
5 6 7 0 5 60 and see just as soon as I said we're looking for good calls to where 3 IC dropped off immediately
At least that's good. That's a good time when they know they got no material
Just hit the road. Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood
Neil this is nothing much but I saw today's issue of USA today
I don't know if you saw it or missed it or didn't care
No, I don't read you. I say today. I get a glare from the colors
Well, it has a special report today on the internet changes in medicine
There's about worth a 50 cents. It's very complete. There's survey of a lot of things
There'd be helpful for anybody that has any problems or they would need to use the internet for
I just like you know, it's like the best at onto your first thing. No
Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. All right. How you doing great?
There was an article in the hell while you were on vacation
I don't know if anybody had brought it up that WFAN had tried to contact your rows and it's that's true
Sir Wafn
Oh, sorry, the fan. Yeah, isn't that a legal?
Is what a legal?
Ah, the radio station contacted it and it all depends on the circumstances
In other words somebody can contact me and say, you know, we're just interested in finding out how along your contract runs
And are you under contract and etc and so on? It depends on what the circumstances were
I understand another thing I want to say is this radio station filed lawsuit against the non-existent radio station at
1950 on a radio dial that tells me how insecure and pathetic Greg Reed really is as if I needed any more assurance of that
There's no question about that
Um, second thing I wanted to ask you were you aware that there's a sequel coming out to silence to the lambs?
A movie sequel? There's a sequel. I was over a conversation. I know you know, that's a book. It's not a movie. It's a book
No, no, they were going to make up the sequel Anthony Hopkins is going to play
Oh, yeah, I did hear that yeah, they're sending the talking stages. Yeah. Oh, it is
Oh, so there is a possibility of a sequel then yeah, and do I care? No, I mean, you know
Why do we have to bring that back? What's the point now?
All the way at least at the end of that movie? He was still running around on the loose. That's true
And it's true to him that he does want to eat his psychiatrist right? Oh, okay
Guys like that. Okay, have a great day
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Jordan night wants to eat his psychiatrist
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and by the way anybody who would buy Jordan night's records needs the psychiatrist
Here's a mobile in candle. Hello
Yeah, no, yes sir. A big old bag and you know you want. Okay. Thank you
Thanks for listening to 5 60 W Q I M 24 hours a day seven days a week. Thank you 52 weeks a year
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line that must have been Robert Baker's boyfriend
You think so not to like it to me
Either a soulmate or a soulmate
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. So I have to follow that. Yeah, goodness gracious. How you doing now?
Right. I just wanted to tell you that when you were on vacation George was informative
He was combative. He was he was terrific. Right. He was terrific. But I have to tell you a great story
Um, I was listening George had one of his pieces. He was talking about those alternative nightclub down in full-order now
Yeah, hello my co-workers in the car
She almost had a coronary when she was listening to the radio and at least she turned 18 shades of red
It was the funniest thing you ever saw
Now he was really good. So it was great. Well, you want him back on this shower?
Um, um, I don't know about that. I think you should have his own show. Okay. What do you think? I think starting tomorrow would be good
But instead of the worst team. What do you think? No, I think attended to it big and I'm ready to hit the road
I had a real good time of that 10 days name to name
Nailed if you be the aqua when you were in Vegas and cologne did I want? He did aqua restaurant
Never heard of it
Excellent
Now you love it
It's at the blasio hotel. Okay, if Joe Castella's listening check out aqua
Okay, and also check out the toy box
56705 60 they're both from Denmark pound five 60 on the 18t wireless line
Nine minutes after one at qa and we're taking a poll
Do you want George back he can start tomorrow at 10 a.m
Because I'm ready. I'm ready for another vacation right now
I'm not talking about that. I'm ready to I mean, you know come in work two or three days and hit the road again for another week or two
Sounds excellent to me
It's like that seven months paid vacation I had you know, I would take off for a week 10 days two weeks
Whatever come back to town pay my bills, you know, take care of a couple of things. Get back under playing
Get out of here again. Sounds great. Come on. Let's hear it. Let's hear it for Jorge
No, for skin. I have no cavities. I have no taste. I have no life
Never before has one movie brought together two people that know it in the country really cares about
You'll be bored to death when you see julia robberts big mouth and Hugh grants of noxious smile in
Notting off hill check local listings for theaters and times
Notting off hill
Can't wait 113 is 560 wk. We're gonna go see american pie in fact what we're gonna do is we'll watch it
Well, I have a special screening right here in the during the show tomorrow
We'll bring in the good stuff. We'll sit around watch american pie
Have a little fun in here. I mean talking to these bad cities like pulling teeth god like to it's like going with bluff
One of his 40 visits to the dentist
Really, I've never worked with anybody in my life who goes to the dentist is often to see that maybe he has an attractive hygienist
What do you think he's got stuck in those teeth?
Here's Cape Coral hello
Cape
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir
Yes, last week they had a
This to state did another execution
Some big fat guy tiny. Yeah
Yeah, he killed two kids and
And he beat the lady so bad that he broke the gun. Yeah, I can't believe these people standing in front of the prison
Oh, well now I'm not killed we shouldn't kill
Come on, let me ask you this here how come we can't do lethal injection like even those rednecks in Oklahoma can do that
I mean, do we have to really see the nosebleeds and and the
Fire shooting out of his head and all the other things that go on up there and start can't we just do it like you know
I'm nice a nice synthetic needle will be good
Yeah, that will be good, no, but let's let's look at it from another perspective too
Um, the guy is going to be killed. I mean who says it has to be pretty
You know what I mean? I'm in favor of you. So in other words, we have to be barbarians. Is that what you're saying, sir?
We can't do it. We have lethal injection. We have to do it the most barbaric way to satisfy your lust
Is that what you're saying? So I don't know. We satisfy your lust for violence
And for vengeance
No, that's not my point my point. How about it? How about if we just put them on TV on a six o'clock news
And we had a bunch of people poke his eyes out first and then tear his limbs out. How would that be? No, that can bleed to this
Well, let me speak on that. I think with the shirt
What about if we tied him into a cheer and made him sit and listen to Angela Ray laugh or half an hour
That's torture. No, that would be torture, right? I think with the shirt
Do though to get a point across where these jerks going out of on the sensors killing you
Tellivize it. I guarantee you these guys take a look at this and see what's going to happen to them
The thing twice about before they take another person's life. There you go
I'm in a hurry. I think it leads to the Jackson should
No, we're gonna televised it then put him back in the chair
Then you want to see the nose bleed. You got to make it graphic if you're gonna televised it
Yeah, you got a point. Thank you. Okay. See you
I still think tied him to a cheer making him listen to Angela Ray's laugh for about a half an hour
That would put him over the age like in a clockwork orange when they had him locked up with the Beethoven music
5 6 7 0 5 would Ludwig V. V. Vong 5 6 7 0 5 6
The pond 5 60 on the 80 well not in that classical crap. Although I did once know a guy named Scott Schwartz
Here's the curl springs. Hello
Hi, I'm voting for George and the poll. Okay
Thank you. Okay, our poll is there's one vote for George. Okay. George is starting of our 10 o'clock
5 6 7 0 5 60 see George was informative. That's what the one guy said before that's one thing
I don't want to be informative. Stay if you'd read the New York Times. If I would just read the guy they New York Times
Then I could do a more entertaining show
See that's that's the loyal audience 27,000 years. I've been on a year here
I go on vacation and we can then same George that they heated like poison half of them up until his last time
Now all of a sudden you know something he was pretty damn good
We don't want you anymore fat. So we want that little spit back on a year. He was pretty guy damn entertaining
I think starting tomorrow sounds real good. I'm gonna be on the phone as soon as I get off the air so that I get to mommy's house
American Express platinum get that plain warmed up. Here's mommy B. Chilla
And Neil how you doing great. I'd like to vote for you over George. No
Too late. I get to go these voting votes are right. What is the state county voting's been closed. Yeah
It's a good election to get two votes in day county. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's mommy sure is hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
I just have a question for us and then I say when did you get the you the Bob Prince tape? No
It never arrived. Oh the Bob Prince tape with that interview. Yes. Yeah, but I mean I appreciate it
But it's not what I want. Yeah. Okay. Well, whatever it is
I said and I wanted to make sure you got it right the other thing was
When that man called before while you were over in Italy
What happened is there's a book that was published only in Italy called
a garment the wind in the Vatican written by a month senior who retired. I did read about that
I read about that while I was over there in the USA today
Right and they they're now the books going into a second printing and the church is having a fit right
There was a big article about that
I remember vividly now if he would have just told me the name of the book. Yes
I'm just I'm trying to get a hold of a copy here
And I didn't even read it in New York Times. How do you like that? What can I tell you you're better off with the herald
Okay, thanks
Yeah, I read about that
5 6 7 0 5 60 and of course if I had it in front of me I would talk about it
Nobody would call responded anyway. So what would the point be?
I mean these people let me give me a big song of dance. Oh if you would just read this and then I come on here talk about it
There'd be no response anyway. So what's the point mr
I'm sorry. I just don't want to be informative
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
I want to get some people on the phone here. They got some material that have something to say about life
I'm trying 23 years. I've been trying searching for the first one
Searching still waiting and don't give me a song of dance about how George had all these great calls last week while I was away
Because when I believe that no you bet your sweet ass. I won't
I've been around a block too many times in this horse and buggy town to give me a song of dance about what great calls George had
Or anybody else on this radio station and guess what I hear those sports shows in between putting the CDs in my player in the car
Every now and then I hear one of those calls and I start screaming. I mean screaming out loud at the radio
God, what are you people talking about?
Any word on this line backer for the Vikings? Oh, Jesus Christ
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello great 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the bokeh. Hello
Yeah, Neil now let the maple leaf switch. Uh-huh. There's another asshole. Okay
Four and I let's see now that the maple leaf five words
For Mitch from the hockey games another asshole like I said the wrong guy died from the hockey games
poor Andy
There's several others who could have croaked in the early age and we had a head of goddamn party in fact
That's why we're having a party before you tomorrow in honor of the people who are gonna die
I'm sure you go to the hockey games and this last one. He's one of them
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
No material no nothing no life no life. It's so amazing. You can walk around you can you conduct a search party in this town
And you can find just unlimited numbers of people who don't even have the beginning of a semblance of a life
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
What is it? Okay, thank you
Shorten to the point that was his material
It's good when you realize your limitations. Here's a lady mobile of candle. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay?
Listen, I have to vote for you number one and number two George was playing this
CD last week
And my husband put it on the CD realm of my computer
What a piece of crap it was this uh
Electronic rocker roll. I have no idea what it was. Oh, he wasn't playing his raunchy music again last week
Oh
Makes you want to put the taste
Because you're funny. Yeah, and you have good taste in music and I love you. Thank you for that. Bye. Bye. Yeah, I have that good taste in music
I Jordan night. Oh
This is the moment I create video. This is this sounds me right to the toilet
Oh
Yeah, oh, yeah
Come on put us toe on the ground at least Jordan. We just want to
That damn bag I can't stand them
Okay, 22 past one at five 50 WQA and your excitement station for the 90s
We got the ankleberg show in the studio today to a clock by the way
Hank took several no-dos before the day show so promises to be a real eye popper
We got you a man to try out at the ballpark six o'clock to line tonight for the dolphin
Whatever they're gonna be doing they're breaking out they're breaking out a raford
They're bringing in some of their brothers from up there from stark stark reality from six tonight at the ballpark
Stark at the park and then nine o'clock
We got a cap on for stark gambling. Well, we're gonna have a great time at the track tonight
We're gonna see if there's anybody knows us there anymore now that my good friend Ted left
Isn't that amazing that it's so typical of this time you can go to a place for like 20 some years and then you walk in there one day
And like who the hell are you? Yeah?
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir
You know talking about putting this guy to death. I definitely vote for poking his eyes out. I mean
You people create a heinous crime, you know
heinous crimes
heinous crimes and you know, I think that if there is a burn off, it's great
You know compared to some of the things they do not only that it's like they don't get the message and we're supposed to be
You know, humanity. They don't get the message. What does that mean? They don't get the message
If you do something wrong, you're gonna be put the best, you know
So what I mean, it's like the point. Have we been executing people for years now?
I think we should take the next hour of the show with less of it and find out what horrible things we can do to them
So they'll get the message, you know, yeah, how about if we just to hang up on you for a start? That would be good
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Helen Dale. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir
No, man, whatever it is
Sure, thanks for your breath or fresh air
I just found you recently and you're the one person in this town that has been known as the Tolbert truth
Yeah, and the George was now the court replacement. It was still just a replacement. Yeah, and I love you parodies. Okay
Could you play the gate a
Gate a? Mm-hmm. Okay
Thank you. See you. Say goodbye. Bye
56670560
About 560 on a goddamn AT&T wireless line. Man, you people are so boring. It's frightening. It's a national scandal
Wow
I mean you wonder why the town is so boring. How could this town be exciting when it's got the people in it that it's got if you had exciting people there
It would be an exciting place
It's a town. It's just loaded with the terminal tedious. Hey Neil. This is Randy West
If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls
Here's hi, Alia. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil
Hey, Neil. Yes, you think the buffans
56670560 pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I just moved here from Ohio. Well, I'm awfully sorry. Don't unpack too soon, sir
Yeah, should I should I move back? Yeah, what? Yes, definitely even if you're from Lima, Ohio
I'll call on this even if even if you're from Washington, Ohio
Yeah, or Findley, Ohio if you were me you would move back. I get that a lot of here before I
Couldn't get out. All right. Thanks dude. Okay. Good luck
How do you like that? We did great public service
I feel it was worth coming in here today
Up until now I felt like I was letting myself down
But now I feel like this was a worthwhile effort on my part
Because I was able to do a pubic service for this poor guy who just came here from Columbus, Ohio
Where there's a lot of living and breathing people by the way. That's a pretty decent town
crappy weather, but a decent town
In this and which they'll have maybe a real hockey team next year
I doubt it, but maybe especially with that hard ass coach
With a bad haircut
Oh
We'll be holding hands in adventure and watch the line the manally marching then we'll make a tourist treat with a kiss on the cheek
It's a gay day after all
We can wear tight shorts made of gold one
Thanks
Will these days we can mix the way as we pass and say
It's a gay day after all
Yes
It's a gay day after all
What's that we got hanging out of you?
131 is 560 wq. I am let's zip through about 40 or 50 these calls next half hour. I might get a good one
Here's a mobile in Ponte, North Ponte. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I almost drove off the road. I have to tell you about that
On the back of this big truck here's the quotations of every bubble might be in the bible
Okay, guess what the name of the trucking company was
Corny
Corny
Corny what is it?
Corny
Corny C-O-R-N-E-Y
Yeah
So the whole back of the truck was nothing but Bible words
Okay, thank you
Who five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on M crumbland from the pressure this today. I'll tell you that
I'm crumbless. Here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Yeah, I'm not to beat an already dead horse
But I really think we should have pay-per-view execution
And I think we should have done king running the whole thing
And charge a lot of money for the tax base
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami. Yes, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm my photo. I'll definitely give for Bush
Go ahead. No life. Okay, let's go to a lady in Tamarack. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am
So it might be a very nice fellow and he speaks very nicely on the air. Yes, but he gives these people that
Rave about him. He gives them too much air time
As Boba minds his day tell him and he let them keep talking. Yeah, and I I mean I approve of you
Okay, thanks, ma'am. I'll see you in a little while. Okay five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Hollywood. Hello. You gave her too much air time. Yeah, I know
I'm gonna just say I don't know why you waste your time
Complaining about that Miami the roads and stuff like that because the way I look at it is
Let them let them be foolish enough to go ahead and pass it. It was brown or residents can go and travel for free. Yeah
That's the point then also where they tell you. Excellent point never thought about that very good point
And the problem is that it's the residents there that's right. We're not gonna be shopping in date count anymore. What's the other week here?
You know something sir. I never you are a breath of first year. We'll go to work for free and they'll pay for it every day
Right excellent. Amen. Just vote. Yes. All right. Here we go. Just say
Yeah, many sales tax
That's right when you live in this town long enough
You're supposed to be like everybody else be selfish into your own thing and from a selfish standpoint those of us are living
Broward we don't have to pay those penny as tools like when you want to go to MIA huh? That's right. Screw it. Screw you. You live in date county
That'll teach you
Serves you right
Zip on that one twelve remember they stay at both toll booths and then they took the one going westbound down
Used to be a dime each way they took down the westbound booth on one twelve and it was just twenty five cents coming back
So when you go out to the airport now you can zip right on out there. I mean you know
Depending on what time of day, but when the traffic is light you can just fly out there
Just can you imagine all these toll booths coming down of course. There's anybody that are gonna stay down. No, but nevertheless
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I think that anybody who lives in date county because nobody's holding a gun. You're heading forcing you to do it
You get what you deserve
Here's Hollywood hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
calls are a little light today
Uh, I got an observation here for you. Yeah, I'm sure you've seen these bumper stickers on the back of cars where it says my child made the honor
Would and every and every time you see one of those bumper stickers the person is driving like an idiot. Yes
Well, you know, I really gave this a lot of thought and I'm starting to figure it out. Does that mean if their kid is the brightest of the dumbest
Do you ever say what I'm saying? No the school systems in Florida are the pits
And and in turn
They're tested nationally by the Iowa test scores and other test scores. Yeah, and then they rank very very well
I'm with all to respect. Let me just say this the falls aren't that light 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
And if you have been spending a lot of time asking yourself that question, please take up like my young would be good
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Listen, I'll say about those first day when a skiman came in the coast guards
I'm going to describe say the
C words. Sorry, you're gone. You had it pal
You got those down 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Tamara. Hello
Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh, okay
Um, I just how are you feeling today, Neil? How am I feeling today? Yeah, how are you feeling? Okay
Because I don't know if this is gonna work for you. I don't know if this is what you want but
um
If you could just lean back and close your eyes and think think about some of the great places you've been to in the world
But I know you talk about Amsterdam. I know you liked Rochester. I think you did
And what about us? I don't know. Just uh, what do you mean if it's gonna work for me?
You heard me. Are you the therapist? I'm worried about you. I'm worried about you. What about me? What?
Because you just you just seen very very very very
I don't want to say hostile. I don't want to say that. No, I don't want to say that.
But very very very um
Need to relax
Uptight is that the word you're looking for? I'm sorry. Uptight
Maybe I'm not the least bit uptight. I'm glad to hear that. I'm doing a radio show
I'm responding to what I'm getting and if you're listening to the calls that are coming in including this one
Then you understand why I responded than the way that I am. I don't need any therapy
What I need are some real people to talk to at the same
Exititions before yeah, I don't think he was
You know, I don't think you let him talk. I mean, I understand that there were some things to question
It wasn't a debate was needed
But I don't think it was needed to what to do what then we're talking about the execution then where
The priorities are yeah, that guy was on for a long time
Yeah, you was but a lot of the time you were cutting him off when you were trying to face him to you
Yeah, so otherwise you would like it maybe you would like to come in tomorrow and do the show is that it? No
I just wanted I just honestly wanted to call up. I enjoy listening to you
I have gotten much more in the habit of listening to you
And I just really
Maybe we could start thinking about something that are positive
a little bit
You know just I know that you love honestly I am somebody who's lived in this area
It's how far to area for years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and I would say much too long
Yeah, and I had not liked it. Oh, I have not liked it. I have my
Maybe you're the one that he's therapy not me. I'm doing
I'm not here every chance I can it saves my life saves my brain
I think you need a long rest long cooling out period would be good
Well, I just you know you love you love Toronto and talking about it
You love Amsterdam and talking about it. Yeah, and
And it's just I don't know if there are any other places that have
Tangerine as much
So what does that mean? What are you saying? What are these words that are coming out of your
Moth lady you've been on at least two or three minutes longer than you should be but I'm just waiting to see what is the point that bye-bye
We're talking a crazy person is what we're talking about we're talking certifiable
She probably think she's gonna will open your night
Oh
One last gas come on try it again
Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pun it I mean she was did trace that call get the number get her some help
Get her the same that maybe we can get a two for one deal with her at angel array from channel four
Because she's definitely gone over the end. She is out of control. She's lost it
You ever ever see her when she just to go spastic on that newscast when she starts doing her high-earned routine crazy person
5 6 7 0 5 60 Pampa. I mean what was that woman talking about?
Think about all I'm in the middle of doing a radio show here sweetheart
I'm not sitting here fantasizing about all the other places. I would much rather be than here talking to you honey
20 till two if I 50 but you're not hostile are you?
No, not me
For fat radio
There was a no farmer who's on a rock
He's adding the metal just taking his fit that some boys who were down by the crypt
They're feeding the water there is on their marbles and play things and at half-past four
Their team of young lady she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and laces and white fluffy
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling wrapped you send there from yesterday's
While the girls in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow
Down by the dot he looked like a man with a side of all home in the country with a big fence out front
If he asked her for lightly she'd show him her
So fat dog who was subject to fit and maybe she let him grab hold of her small dinner and with the movement so quick
And then she then over and sucked on his candy so tasty made up but her sky and then he spread with cream all over
Her cookies that she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go
yourself
Okay 145 at 560 WQM 560 7 05 60 pond 560 on the 18t wireless. We got a quarter hour to kill here the butcher
We're doing a good job of it by the way. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon
Even though I knew Andy for a short period of time I knew him well enough to say that
He knew how to live life large. He was the consummate sports fan. Right. He was a gentle soul
And he was a best friend and I hope to help there's a heaven because I want to see you my dad
560 505 60 pond 560 on the 18t wireless line
Oh boy, like I said the good stuff came in and we're sitting here doing a radio show or at least pretending to you know
All the good stuff came in today and these people
They got a hold of it. We'll get even tomorrow. Here's Carol city. Hello
Yeah, let's see what you got what do you got man? What do you got?
What do you have nothing to say you just want to
Bum bum bum bum bum bum like that's gonna work. It worked. No, no
You're still sitting there listening to the dial tone
If somebody's got something to say I'll listen if they want to go
Bum bum bum bum bum like that I can talk to a rimmer here that on the phone for free at home
560 505 60 pond 560 on the 18t wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in candle. Hello
Hi, I know how you doing. I'm doing great. I know that you
You want to come green right? Yes, I do have you watched the real freaking world lately?
No, I hate that show. Well, I don't know what is going on
But I mean they have a little more life than we do here Miami. I guess
We got we got they got the drones they got the two lesbians they got the the gay
Harvard guy. No, I don't like that show at all
You know and then there's new road killer they got on this group. They they got a ditch this they got a drown them
Yeah, what he said all about I mean it like you said, but let's give them the the body of that lady and see what happened
What happened with this lady with a fancest giving you a therapy over the photo a lot of me
I haven't got any idea. That's why I had a run as long as I thought maybe finally we'd find where the hell she was going
And this other guy tells me I hang up on people too soon. I had that woman
I'm long enough to have a whole a whole therapy session when you don't have anything interesting to say it's your show
There you go. I can't tell you what to do. Have a great day. Sweet. All right, darling. Bye-bye
560 505 60 pond 560 on the 18t wireless line. How come you be hanging up?
And how come you be doing it?
Like that good call pal
Excellent
Here's plantation. Hello Neil. How are you okay, sir? Listen? I meant to want to mention about Angela Ray
The other reason I watched that program is to get the lottery numbers. Yeah, but at the end of the broadcast like with five
Yeah, but you enjoy seeing that thing on her lip though. You like that. Yeah, well
It's I think she ought to fertilize it a little but
It appears that she used to work in the circus because she gives that midway story like back in the flash
Yeah, you really have to hear it to believe it sounds like she's working on the midway in the circus
She sends me I'll tell you she sends me right to the a porcelain bus
She's like chalk on the blackboard. Very grating like fingernails on the blackboard is what I think you might have met
But never lose that was great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
Here's Oakland Park. Hello
How you doing, Neil? I'm doing great. I'm gonna try not to contribute to the boredom and the dullness
Yeah, I just a couple things about the the execution situation there. It's definitely barbaric
You know, but it's also barbaric when they have little kids
Face slapped there on the front page with their signs saying why do we kill people to kill?
What's the kid got to do with it and?
You know, we can't keep these guys alive. We spend so much money keeping these guys alive
He's not doing about that. I'm not getting capital punishment. Okay. I'm all for it
I'm all for frying their ass or at least the you know shoot him up with
Injection is fine shoot him up with something be done with it
It's also going to be a house sadistic in barbaric most Americans are now or at least here in Florida because just taking away
Somebody's life that's not good enough
It has to be done in a very brutal and sadistic way. Otherwise, we don't feel associated
I'm out of material take care of yourself. No, we need you around here, man
God bless you, sir. Oh, yeah, I'm sticking around another couple of days that I'm going back on vacation
I think I'm going back on vacation Monday for several weeks
Hey, why the hell? Why not nobody around here gives a craft Greg read he's up in Montana somewhere while we're around in the hills
Looking for that
Whatever used to be in that hole in his head they don't give a crap just get on the spot
They don't care ask ourselves department. Do they give a crap? No, of course not
They haven't got a clue as long as we get all the spots on here
They in fact, they wouldn't care if we just ran the spots if we had no show up just run the spot
That's the way our sales department looks at it including that screw in
And that rapier anybody seen him lately? No, rapier. No, what he looked like? No
Wasn't he going to be coming in every Tuesday? We're going to have a little chat. We've seen him. No
Only moved up here in March. Let's see March April, May, June, July. What is that like two and a half years? We've been up here on this third floor
Seen Ray Perry. No
Some downstairs in a parking lot one day. Hello, and goodbye. How you been?
Maybe you've come around once in a while. You know the answer group all check ass
Seriously, I mean if the people have just watered around here
Morning noon and I go
Just taking a paycheck like stealing
I guarantee you that what's your guy's name? Roy what?
The dolphin guy baker not Roy Foster Roy Foster
No Roy a baker the one that they just signed up brought whatever's name is
