Are you sure?
Sport Radio 560, WQAM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers.
Are you sure?
You're talking Neil, called 567-0560, toll-free for date and browser, or pound 560 on yourself.
The ability of pins of Neil is PES callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions, or the Beacon Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers, on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
M-O-N-C-A-Y-S-R-C-K-N.
Time once again for Dan Quayles family values together, illustrating how to be traditional, even in the 90s.
Why isn't that dinner great, kids?
Yeah, well, those are the best hamburgers you ever bought.
Instead of the Matissea you had delivered last night.
Well, what are you kids up to tonight, drugs?
No dad, I've got my Valimic group, and tomorrow night's Lesbian's show.
Uh-huh, son, you need help with that scale model, serial killer you're building.
Some other time dad, Cindy and I are going shopping for condoms.
Oh, sounds like you're getting serious about that girl.
Oh, dad?
Well, I think your mother and I will relax and watch some porn-almovie.
She, you two are the best parents of kids you'd ever have.
Thanks dad.
Oh, that's quite all right here.
Hey, mom.
That's quite all right dear.
Join us again next time for family values theater.
We're live.
He's a figment of the vice president's imagination.
A lot of bad news is Quayles acquitted the race.
God damn it, man, I was just getting excited about him, you know.
He's gonna quit the race. He's got nobody wants him, and he's got no money, and he's a moron, and a jackass, and a cymbal didn't.
And he never stole a freight train, and still nobody wants him.
He's out.
Another loser.
So anyway, speaking of that, boy, we got a lot of losers around this place.
I'll tell you that boy, if we got a lot of-
Are you sure?
Positive.
So anyway, before we get into that OJ business, oh, I've got so much stuff here today.
I've not had time for too many calls.
But anyway, George is going to tell us about his appearance at Prime Co. Saturday.
Come on, I hear it was great.
I hear the turnout was sensational.
I hear that they were knocking down doors that they were coming in from all over the Tri-County
area to avoid that.
Oh, seriously, what do you expect?
Gary Sarner, by the way, did I mention today?
He's an ass, did I mention that yet?
No.
And of course, he'll blame the nephew, and the nephew will blame Sam.
And this one will blame that one, and how about let's blame Sam Itis?
We haven't seen him in a long time.
Thank God.
That's our pull question, by the way.
Who's the bigger asshole?
Sam Duskbagger, Promotions Guy, or Sam Itis, the former IOD saleswoman.
Now, that's tough.
That's nip and tuck.
That's right in there.
And by the way, fellas, we're on the OK Sweetheart.
Oh, but we'll get to that later.
The Water Nazi.
Hurricane Roy.
Bokeh Brian's listening, by the way, and I'm sure he is the great comedy-bid idea for you.
Number Near Rogers disease, remember that?
Uh-huh.
Leaf Fowler, remember all that stuff.
How about OJ Simpson disease?
Because we have three people in this building who have a terminal case of OJ Simpson disease.
You know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
So anyway, Georgia tells me that the only thing that the people that hand full the small handful want to do,
I'll find out that showed up at Prime Co on Saturday,
was, uh, did he actually go to the Swing Club and did he do it?
Did he do it?
Now, why does anybody care about your sex life, by the way?
Why, why should anybody care?
They don't have one of their own appearances.
That must be it.
I can't imagine anybody's sex life.
I care about less.
Why, me, I probably can think about some, but I mean, talk about boring.
And it's got to be boring.
That's why he got to keep dragging his wife, getting her all, uh, liquered up,
and slipping her to these swing clubs because you've got no sex life.
Because like most other married stiffs, if you partner that expression,
after a while, yeah, it starts getting a little stale.
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm not talking about the aroma.
I'm just talking about the experience.
It starts getting a little moldy in stale.
And speaking of appearances, by the way,
our center one campaign kicks off October 1,
as it does each year here on the station,
which means the best in the LCDs will be at your spec stores all over the city.
And we find out yet, by the way, are they going to do it at the specs over in the Fort Myersons?
I found that store on the yellow.
We don't know yet.
I'll we don't know yet.
And we're going to find out by Saturday.
I would hope that would be nice.
So anyway, our first appearance is this Saturday at the specs in the Saga Rasmills Mall.
Noon to two.
I'll be there.
George will be there.
And maybe someday Sam Lee a promotions man in our sale department.
They'll all get together.
We'll get a memo on this.
Good some information about what's going to be going on there.
We'll certainly have the best of the brand new one for 1999,
which has got some great stuff on there.
That'll be the Saturday noon to two.
But anyway, so George goes out to do this appearance at the Prime Co in Hollywood.
Walks in the door with our promotions department, such as it is.
And they all look around going like, in fact, I'll tell you exactly what they said.
When the whole group walked in the door, they said,
Yeah, the whole group, both of us.
Yeah, the whole group walked in and they said,
Who are you and what are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
Another in the latest list.
I mean a long, long agonizing list of embarrassment here at 560 WQAM.
Isn't that what our program director said?
Is he sniffled out the door here this morning?
I mean, shuffled out the door.
Another in the long list of embarrassment, humiliating and degrading.
And what are we going to do about it?
Oh, it's a fight, Greg.
It's a fight.
Oh, this place.
I'm going to tell you something.
Every time people over the years have said you really got a right of book.
And I was like, yeah, yeah, everybody writes a stupid, freaking book.
But you know something, I think the time has come.
There has got to be a book written.
And I mean, this place, all the other stuff put together.
I've only been here a little bit less than two years.
October 1 will be two years of the contract starting.
So let's say it's two years, just for argument's sake.
But these two years have supplied more material for me to write volumes
than all the other years, IOD, WSNEWS, INZ, ZATA, KAT, put together.
It's no context.
It's no brainer.
In fact, when I think of this place, that's what I think of no brainer.
Make no mistake about that.
It's right from the top.
Right from the very top.
That's why he keeps sticking that finger with that hole because there's no brain in there.
Remember Frankenstein?
Well, guess what?
I saw a little bit of that again.
It was on the other hand.
Late at night.
Frankenstein.
The original?
Yeah.
With Colin Clive.
Now, was it Igor?
Was the character's name Igor?
Now, wasn't that the same guy that played the Renfield?
Wasn't that the same guy?
He was the same guy.
I think so.
Because the character that played the doctor, whose name I'm going to remember,
was the same.
His name is Edward Van Sloan.
He played the doctor in Frankenstein.
Not Dr. Frankenstein.
The doctor.
Well, the white hero.
He played in Dracula.
Van Helsing.
Professor Van Helsing.
God, does anybody know what I'm talking about?
No.
What do these people want by the way?
No idea.
WQAM.
QAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, is this George?
Yes.
Hey, George, how are you doing?
Great.
Listen, I have a confidential memo from Clear Channel.
Okay.
I want to fax it to you.
I thought you would enjoy this.
I love it.
305.
Uh-huh.
650.
Uh-huh.
0198.
0198.
Right.
Okay.
Thanks.
WQAM.
Hey.
Hello.
Oh, and by the way, the interesting part about this, which I'll get to the Tom Jicke article
in the whole Phil Henry business, the interesting part about it as usual when something goes on in
Radialinist Market, where do you hear about it from?
Oh, God.
Even the people in the building over there didn't know about it until we headed on here.
That's how inside our information was.
About the new lineup changes at stupid talk and about the IOD, which by the way, now that
they're putting a Russian Dr. Lur on IOD, that's like the last nail in the coffin.
Make no mistake about that.
Hello, QAM.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, good morning.
I am so upset with the Miami Hurl.
I can't film my subscription this morning.
What do they do now?
In the Broward section, front page, big letters.
Here's this lady that's crying about her son.
They get killed by the cop in Cooper City the other night, 3 a.m. in the morning, breaking into the
guy's house.
Uh-huh.
And she says she doesn't have money to bury the kid.
And the Miami Hurl puts it on the front page.
Who cares about this low life...
Come back.
Yeah, well, that comes in the middle of the night to break into your house while you're in the house.
And unfortunately gets killed.
She's crying what a great kitty was.
You know, you've just called a great train.
Exactly.
I was so upset with the Miami Hurl.
Plus, they're new format really socks.
I can't find anything in the paper.
Again, if you notice today, they've got a whole section telling you how to read the newspaper.
They've done that for the last four or five days.
Oh, really?
I have a new newspaper.
How you're going to law big?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The only newspaper in history that had to put a special section in there to tell you how to read the newspaper.
The aesthetic.
So what am I supposed to read now?
What do you find is the best newspaper to read?
Here?
Well, I mean, you have to get it from out of town, even.
None.
Toronto's on it.
I've never read it.
For a great paper, huh?
Great paper, a little right wing, but a great paper.
Well, I got it.
You know, I'm going to have no...
There's no relevance to anything going on here.
There is no newspaper here.
Get used to it, man.
There's no paper.
What happened to the Hollywood Suns out there?
What happened to the newspaper?
Yeah, have a great paper.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
What was the guy's name that used to do?
Ed Plastid.
He used to be a sports guy for the Hollywood.
So I know it means nothing to you.
He used to wear these plaid jackets.
And I wondered if it had to do with the fact that his name was plaid-state or whatever his name was.
Huh?
Somebody out there who remember who he was?
If we ever take another call?
Oh, yeah.
I've got so much to say about that.
I've got...
Oh, let's move along fast.
Get all these trading spots around today.
So if I'm a man here in the mirror or if you don't open my door?
I can do anything that a man can do, but I don't want to.
Oh, the female sex in a lot more class and let's look at a male stripper's ass.
I'm a 21st century girl, but I can't say maybe she's younger.
Well, you're not sure what could be your stuff in a pen.
The sex is a special thing in a darn good weapon.
Because my body belongs to me until I get dinner and a movie.
I don't sleep around until I do a preaching.
And I have a mind of my own, which I change every two seconds.
I don't have a friend to ask for directions because I can't read them up.
And I stand behind my man's like a nagging as much as I can.
I don't think I'd invite in time back, but I can't do this right here.
And I never tell a lie, but I will take an orgasm.
Because I am the real McCoy stuff for my boogey my face.
I'm just waiting for the opening of a new shoe store.
And I'm very proud of my age, which is none of your fricking business.
Oh, this is the best.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for feasting the guy that fact me this internal memo.
Although it does say at the top go keens, no, that's kind of sad.
How about those keens?
Too bad about that.
Maybe he means goers and don't miss the bus.
So here's the internal memo from the inside from clear channel broadcasting,
which fits right in.
But before we get to that, so getting back to OJ got so much crap here today, man.
I mean, we're just loaded with crap heavy duty.
So on Friday, we're rolling along sing and our usual song here doing the show.
And the George starts getting all these calls on the inside line, the outside line,
the bat line lines that haven't even been activated yet from out of the a golter,
a minute log Omar.
Let me let me give you a little background on this again.
Let me set the stage.
Months ago, what was it maybe four months ago, Tracy Kira said,
oh, how convenient the Tracy's not here anymore, by the way.
And screw and winek our sales manager, such as she is,
who's got a lot of naked pictures.
They come in here and when the show ended two o'clock that day,
and they come up with this idea, oh, you know, we know you're big on center one.
And we do the thing every year, the fundraiser.
And we got a great way to raise some extra money for center one.
It's his golf tournament.
And of course, my first reaction being a big golfer myself,
I thought to myself, a golf tournament, what the...
Ehhhhhh!
I felt like I had to do with that.
Oh no, you don't have to do anything, but we can raise a lot extra money.
And of course, they didn't mention we can go out and sell it and get sponsors on it.
And you know, siphon some more bucks into the station that way too.
This is the way we can, you know, financially exploit your center one campaign.
Of course, they didn't say that.
And somewhere during the conversation, one of them mentioned, oh, I did know we can get OJ.
Siphon, you know, I said, if OJ is involved in this in any way, shape or form,
I don't want anything to do with it.
I'm sure that center one doesn't want anything to do with it.
They won't take the money.
We don't want to be involved with no ass murder, okay?
Okay, okay, no problem.
It was just something that the...
Raw!
Or somebody mentioned that, no, no, thank you.
No.
Okay, I was assured at that point, absolutely, positively beyond a shadow without OJ
would not be appearing, would not have anything to do with this goddamn golf tournament.
Because otherwise, you know, just stop and think of the sponsors too, by the way.
Who might be a little bit...
Oh, yes.
...because I understand this money from some of our salespeople that at least one and maybe more of our sponsors
stormed off the course as soon as they saw the ax murder out there on Friday,
pissed off and fired up.
Not to mention that the people at the center one were psychotic.
And then I was psychotic.
And anybody else associated with this thing and promoting it.
See, I don't want to speak for anybody else.
But I have a feeling, just like I told you about Mandation right out of the box, you ripped OJ and ass.
Nice going there, mad dog.
Yeah!
I don't think anybody on this radio station would have read one promo or gotten involved in any way
with promoting this golf tournament if any of us had known that OJ was going to be there.
Oh, man.
Not to mention the fact that L.T. was there too.
Kind of like a Jimmy Johnson of it, you know.
As many scumbags as we could find around.
They rounded up and brought him in.
Too bad the meteorist's underwear was busy up there stabbing himself up in the East Lansing.
We could have gotten him out there on Friday too.
So the phone starts ringing around 130 and we get inspired reports from out there at Logo Mar.
Guess what?
OJ is here.
And we're going.
Oh!
You got to be crappin' us, man.
Now let me just say this.
Come to find out that all the media showed up to and you people in the media, what a bunch of suckles.
Like I've always said, you are.
So as soon as they found out that he was there, boy, they all come there.
They got their live cameras out there and they got the boom mics and the mics and is...
Oh, right.
They're all over the place.
Embarrassing.
I'm humiliated for you.
So they can go out there and suck his ass.
Let me say it again.
I want to apologize to any of the sponsors who have gotten involved in this because I can assure you.
Like I said, I can't speak for the guys in the morning or Hank or anybody else on the station.
But I just have a feeling knowing the way the sentiments are and the way people talk around here.
I don't think any of us would have even dreamed of promoting or getting involved or behind this thing if we would have known that he was going to be there.
Or involved in any way, shape or form.
Oh, man.
With this golf term.
Yeah, no, I know it's hard for you to understand some of the people in this building who suffer from OJ since in disease.
I don't want to mention the water Nazi and the screw-in winnick and...
Raw!
...and particularly the triumphant who are part of a grid-read inner circle.
They suffer from a... maybe that's why.
Maybe it's contagious.
Maybe when they're sitting around having those circle jerks, whatever they're doing those three, maybe they contract it there.
Like it's like a genital warrants.
By the way, are genital warrants contagious?
Very highly.
So there you go.
So warrants knew, Phyllis.
So the fact that they've got this problem, we don't want to be...
We don't want to inflict it on us.
I mean, if you've got that problem, go home and do your OJ since in blow-up dial.
And, you know, I guess... I guess...
Roy!
Was excited that day because when he saw that big black dildoni came in and grabbed it, he thought it looked kind of like OJ.
Oh, man.
That's why he ran out of here a squeezing and fondling it.
And the dildo too.
And screw in.
I don't know what her thing is.
Except maybe it kind of like...
Roy!
I don't know what that's all about.
But we don't want some axe murderer inflicting on us, embarrassment.
Nobody in America wants anything to do with this scum pack.
And you'll notice, by the way, he's not moving here now.
That's the new news.
Let's hear it for that.
Ah!
Looks like he's moving here.
And you want to know why?
Because nobody would sell him a house.
Every time it looked like he was looking in any neighborhood, everybody got together and said,
No way, Jose, you sell him the house and, you know, you'll be six feet under.
Don't even think about it.
We don't want you here.
You axe murdering son of a bitch here.
Oh, man.
And all this bull crap.
Well, he was found guilty in the civil trial.
Okay, he was found responsible for the deaths of two young people, his wife and wrong woman.
Okay, he was found guilty in the civil trial.
So one out of two ain't bad.
And if it wouldn't have been for that dark, complex jury they had in the incompetence of the prosecution in Los Angeles,
well, he probably would have been doing...
He would have been playing golf out there on the goddamn correction course links.
Whatever they got.
I think they have a golf course wherever he would have been.
Oh, yeah.
He'd have been out there with the mobsters.
Eating, chat, nobody on and playing.
And by the way, I understand he's got real bad arthritic knees.
He's here for that.
He's hobbling around.
And nobody except for the lowest of the low, except for the silliest of the silliest, except for the most patheticable.
And by the way, I will find out before I'm through with all of this Sherlock Holmes business I'm going to have to do.
I will find out who it was.
That brought him in.
Coming to find out he was brought in a big, big, long, stretch limo.
How do you like that?
I wonder who's paid for that.
Can't afford to be paying the Goldman's in the Brown's.
Can't afford to pay that money, he's supposed to pay.
Based on the verdict in that civil trial.
They're not getting any of his money.
They're trying to sell his old jocks, drafts, all his old heistman trophies.
Everything he still can't get any of that money out of this murdering son of a bitch.
But somehow somebody put it the bill to bring him in there in a big, big, long, stretch limo to make sure it got as much publicity as possible.
It's almost like you get the feeling not that I'm parent of it, but almost like somebody was trying to stick it in our record.
You know what I'm saying?
Stick it to us.
Like we're going to show you a thing or two.
And see the reason that this stuff goes on here at WQAM is because nobody ever has to pay for the consequences ever.
Oh, maybe somebody if they open up a big mouth to the program director, they get suspended for a couple of days.
You know, they go to feed them off the FU for a couple of days.
Teach them how to speak proper to the program director so we don't squirt so many.
But I mean, somebody does something rotesco like this and it seems to me that if I find out who was responsible for this,
I'd fire the ranch right now right in the spot because it's objective.
And as far as this business about, you know, if Neil wouldn't have put it on here that he was there, let me tell you this.
Manage was out there doing a show from the golf tournament.
They had him parading around, strutting by.
They were calling you wanting to know if we would put him on the air on the phone from out there.
How do you like that?
All the local TV media was out there.
Yeah, just by coincidence.
I wonder how the hell they found out about.
They were there too soon.
We found out about it by a list in the me.
So obviously somebody tipped them off just like they tipped off with Diana Ross that.
That that far she put on over there at Hito and London at the airport because she got first.
Just can't get enough publicity.
And like I said, puts us in a real bad light.
Here's your sports station.
Here's WQM concerning with this scumbag that everybody hates like poison.
Here's this charity golf tournament that we do allegedly for a good cause.
And here's this scumbag comes up there and makes a spectacle out of it and brings it all the media right in the middle of it.
And like I said, there is nobody here who will make anyone accountable for it.
That's the sad part.
Pragic.
Humiliated, grossed out, nauseated, disgusted.
But what is there to what what can you do when you deal with people you can't get through to people with it.
There's an old saying that I like that applies in this place better than maybe any place I've ever worked where there's no sense.
There's no feeling.
There's no sense here.
There's no common sense.
Everybody's got their own little empire that the the promotion guy who does nothing.
Sam and the nephew, they got their little empire and they're in by the way, remember when we came here.
And we saw that we first came up on this floor and we saw the big office for the promotions guy.
And the nephew, the big promotions room and the program director was sitting at his little high chair in a little tiny cubicle.
That's like not too much bigger than a phone booth.
That's like a message and of course the lie at that time out of so many lies that are told here on a very every moment of every day.
The lie was, oh, that's where Sam's working out.
That's going to be a production studio.
He's only in there temporarily.
Here it is now like many, many months later.
Are they building a production studio in there?
No.
Is he in there temporarily?
No.
No.
This is Greg and his boyfriends and girlfriends.
Don't you folks understand that how this radio station has ever gotten to this point is a lot of the great miracles in the history, not just the broadcasting but the human frickin race.
It's amazing.
It's astonishing.
It is shocking.
Not because of our management, but in spite of it.
Every time it's like if you don't go out take a walk and every time you take another step somebody puts a hurdle in front of you, they have to jump over.
Like that big middle thing that had sticking up out of the road and all the better where the guy got killed the truck driver you see that.
Because that's the South Florida FN way.
They can't do it slow.
They can't do it fast.
They just do it half fast.
And that's the way we specialize here at QAIM, half fast.
It's a good, I'll tell you one thing.
It's a good thing that that OJ episode happened about 130 on Friday and not like 11 30 in the morning.
Because the steam was already pouring out of my ears and I only hit about 25 minutes to kill yet.
Arshina said to kill.
You know what I mean?
Oh, man.
And thank God that we had Lawrence Taylor in there too.
We had LT all of a scum and you know birds of a feather flock together.
Remember I was telling that guy that last week?
The guy from Amsterdam was too amy out about it.
I don't want to go on vacation with us all.
Nothing but black people.
Birds of a feather flock together.
And guess what?
Scumbags flock together too.
You know what I'm saying?
Neil Gah.
Mayor paints.
I don't think I'm lacking anymore.
No.
You used to watch me shave.
Now you do stare at the floor.
And on their penis I don't like to do anything more.
You used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty mask.
That's all it needed to get back.
Now it seems things change and I think that you're the one to blame.
There are things I don't like anymore.
He says, there I am.
I don't think I'm lacking anymore.
Because when you get to drinking,
you put me places I've never been before.
They're right next to me.
I don't like to drink anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relationship?
Time to turn for truly how we feel.
If we put our heads together,
we'd just stay home forever in their penis.
I don't like you after all.
Oh and running while you're shaving my own.
10.4 times 50 WQM.
Well this memo, the internal memo from Clear Channel Broadcasting,
this is one of the all-time best.
Effective October 4, 1999,
this is the weekday programming lineup on News Radio 610 WIOD.
Then of course we'll get to the lineup for Stupid Talk 940.
IOD, which they basically butchered and you can smell it.
You can smell the blood bath all the way over here from the causeway.
South Florida Morning News, 5 to 9 a.m.
Dr. Laura Schlesinger, 9 to 11.30 in the morning.
South Florida's Midday News Report, 11.30 to noon,
which I think includes Paul Harvey.
How can we let Paul Harvey off of here, Peter?
Is this now, is this from Peter or is this from a gade bath piece?
I'm not sure which of these, you know,
Lord asked Limbaugh, Fat asked Limbaugh noon to three.
Sound photos after noon, those report three to seven p.m.
Sports Talk 610, 7 to 10 p.m.
And Art Bell, Coast to Coast a.m.
10 p.m. to 5 a.m.
10 p.m. to 5 a.m.
Are you ready for that?
Seven hours of crazy people seeing little a heal of monsters
crawling out of windshields of their tractors.
Crazy people in the desert.
The nightly 610 program,
a sports program will expand one hour.
Super Talk 940, Super Talk 940, WINZ,
Ad South Florida favorite, Phil Henry.
Are you sure positive?
Two Jim Roam's Jungle program now will be heard live.
On October 4th, want to start.
And you notice I have no compulsion about promoting this.
I've always done that.
All the years that have been on the air,
promote the competition because they all talk a big game.
Oh, we're going to do this.
We're going to kick your ass.
You know something ain't going to happen.
Ain't going to happen.
But we'll get to that.
On October 4th, want to start Florida's most talented talk personalities.
Talked about talk personalities.
Be returning to local radio.
Phil Henry, who entertained thousands while infuriating many will be heard on Super Talk 940, WINZ,
the A.M.
Premier Radio Networks owned by our company recently announced the purchase of the syndication rights
to the Henry's Daily Radio program, which currently is broadcast on KF I Los Angeles.
In South Florida, the show will be heard live Monday through Friday, 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. on Super Talk 940.
The nightly program will then be replayed weekday mornings, 9 a.m. to noon.
Even though Phil was in South Florida for a relatively short time on WIOD, he made a tremendous impact.
There are hosts on competing stations, Neil Rogers for one, who claim he is the very best.
In fact, Neil features Phil on his own website.
Did I ever say Phil was the very best?
No.
Is he great? Yeah, is he the very best?
No.
Are we playing the night previous nights program?
We'll give thousands of chance to hear Phil, who normally could not.
Of course that's because of the not just because people are going to bed at that hour,
because there are similar night blows and nobody can hear, especially in Broward.
Phil is such a major talent that we couldn't pass up having him on the same station with Rick and Suds.
Rick Daniels.
And Jim Rome.
At Problem and Weekdays, the Super Talk 940 will broadcast Jim Rome's The Jungle program.
We've been broadcasting this show on a take delay basis on WIOD.
It gets great reaction.
The only complaint we've had is that it's a take delay.
Like Phil, she was going to be in the morning.
By moving this program to Super Talk 940, we accomplished a great deal.
Many who wanted to hear him and Jim and his callers live will now be able to.
The fact that this is an outstanding sports program broadcast when the sports station WQA
is not providing sports programming is an added benefit to South Florida listeners.
Jim is a proven winner.
Or his hand calls him, Roamy.
No, Roamy.
The combination of Phil and Jim Rome will be a tremendous one-two punch against the erogers.
We will win.
Not only ask you something, is there anybody in this audience?
I mean, sure.
Phil especially in the beginning, going to get a lot of people tuning over there to see what he's doing.
And it'll be fun back and forth.
No problem with that.
But Jim Rome and the Noon to Two Hours.
Is there anybody?
Do we have the sports nerds listening to this show?
Do you people over there understand who my audience is?
No.
Do you only people ought to be concerned about Jim Rome being on Noon to Three?
I guess anybody is doing sports here from Two to Three.
And the people over there are laughing.
What's Barry Jackas?
I bet he won't be laughing now.
They won't be laughing at laughing.
Now that they got Jim Rome to deal with against the two live Jews there in midday,
to slice up that little pie even thinner.
To slice up that 1.5% even a little bit more.
But we will.
We will win.
Also joining the station lineup starting at 1 a.m. weeknight's talk personality, Ed Till.
Oh my.
Oh my.
He is currently the late night hosted Los Angeles talk station KLSX from early in the morning with Rick and Suds throughout the day with Phil, Jim Rome and Rick.
Even late into the night with Ed Till super talk 940 becomes an energized and consistent entertainment machine.
A big gigantic entertainment machine.
See knowing you.
Just bull-moving you.
Bull-crafting you with entertainment 24 hours today.
Rolling over the audience.
The daily runner for super talk 940 will be Rick and Suds 6 to 9 a.m.
See now.
Now what does it say six?
It's 539 a.m.
Even in his own memory can't get it right.
Get it right, Bull-crafting you jackass.
You idiot.
He's an asshole.
He is a Christ.
539 a.m. Rick and Suds.
I heard them this morning and believe me they need the added help from me.
Trust me when I tell you.
Oh God.
Phil, Henry 9 a.m. to noon.
Are you sure on tape?
Jim Rome known to 3 p.m.
Rook Daniels.
3 to 5 p.m.
Tom Lakers who by the way will be leaving.
He will be leaving.
That's right.
It says even on here it says the Lakers show contract ensues and will be replaced.
6 to 10 p.m.
Phil Henry alive 10 p.m. to 1 a.m.
And Ed Till won the 530 in a morning.
Can you ever heard Ed Till?
Let me tell you who Ed Till is.
Years ago, in fact, I can't take it to the guy's name.
There was a guy who was the PD at WGBS when they were doing talk.
I was at WS News and this guy was obsessed with me.
I mean, just obsessed.
Ken Mulder would build the guy's name.
I can't think who it was.
But anyway, he used to bring, I was working 8 to midnight.
And midnight, when you're doing a 4 hour show and it's freaking midnight,
you want to go and go out and eat or something.
You want to get out of the building anyway.
And all of a sudden I would look up at the midnight.
I'm getting ready to get out of there.
Which there's there with a 3.57 magnet and a shoot and bullets in the wall.
And this maniac brings this Ed Till guy in.
Oh, you got to listen to his tape.
He's great.
He's going to be, and I couldn't avoid this guy.
He kept bringing him by, bringing him by inflicting me with Ed Till.
This guy, he has worked in Pittsburgh.
He's worked in Dallas.
He's worked in 8,000 different markets.
How I don't know, I guess it goes to the shore.
There's no talent out there and gets fired everywhere he goes.
He is, he makes Brook Daniel sound like Walter Cronkut.
Like a female Walter Cronkut.
That's how bad Ed Till is.
Let me do the break, okay?
Because when we get back, I'd like to challenge you people.
Both of Pax and Cleared Channel, I'd like one name please.
One name.
Two years now.
In fact, it's almost two years today, because wasn't it right early October that we went over in the Pax and took over from a Cox with IOD.
Two years later, the Pax and people, the Cleared Channel people, with all your resources, with all your ingenuity, with all your smarts, name me one.
One.
I'm not talking about opening up a pot and putting Howard on over there on the big.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about one local talk personality that you put on here that you brought in new.
I'm not talking about people that were there already like Rick and says, I'm talking about one new person that you brought on who's a talent, who has a number, who has an audience, name me one and then we'll do business.
This is 560.
QAL.
I'm having such a nice time.
Oh!
Yeah!
I'm through off for sale, but when the Pax is announced, I want you to have the time because I need call.
I got to take it.
I'm going to make it you and Rayne O'Base.
I'm going to save up, baby.
I can do anything I want to do.
I need your consultant, woman.
And I'm going to be consulting you.
I'm giving that to you.
I'm a CEO.
I'm a formula.
I've got support.
I've got the power to hold into the throne.
All right.
I have you.
I have a way to get your own show at a station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're all waiting below.
As long as you can stroke people, I'm on their save up, baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to do.
I mean, your consultant, woman, says your name to that desire.
You lose me.
I'm a boner.
I'm a boner.
I'm a gun squad.
I can't get a real job.
That's why I'm like consulting.
I'm just an ass.
Oh.
I had one in my mouth once 1045 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, speaking of Karen K, anybody heard her lately?
Oh, how about Greg?
How about him?
How's he doing?
How about Mike Church?
Heard him?
No.
Now, I don't even know the names.
Or remember the names of some of the other people because I was during my seven multi-aidist when I wasn't here very much.
But they have had coming in going a succession of losers.
And not the least of which, by the way, who was still amazingly astonishing, part of this great new award-winning lineup.
There's a new trend that comes out at 2.30 a.m.
So I'll have all the numbers tomorrow morning.
But there's a new trend that comes out.
It would be two months of the summer book.
It'll be June, July and August.
Which July and August are part of the summer rating book.
I wouldn't be surprised if he always points by now.
This is a person who got candy in the first time because nobody was listening to her because she's a no-talent bitch.
Now, people are running across the street from us at Tyre Kingdom one day, while they were getting inflated or something.
And oh yeah, would you like to come back to work?
Sure, why not?
Okay, great.
You know she's on the wrong station.
Don't you see she ought to be on Waxi.
But that's an inside joke.
You know what I'm talking about?
But in any rate, so you know, and here she is taking the Rick and Suds numbers from the afternoon and they're going down and down and down.
And drop it like a rock.
The number of people you could you could run out of goddamn telephone booth and have room left over with the size of the audio cheese god left.
And let me say it again.
Phil Henry, I'm taking great talent.
No mistake about it, but I'm tape syndicated.
Jim Rome syndicated.
Brooke Daniels, don't belong on the year.
Like if syndicated, even though he's going by by.
In fact, that's how that's how bad he is that even though it's only not in the first of October yet, they're already saying that when a contract is up at the end of the year.
He's going by by.
Art fell syndicated.
Name me one local person that they've put on the year.
Paxon and clear channel who's got an audience who means something in this market who's a talent who's got ratings who's bringing in lots and lots of revenue.
Can anybody name me one?
No.
No.
In two years.
In two years.
Nice going Pete.
Excellent.
You know what Pete, you're still an asshole.
And as far as this bull crap, you will win.
I got news for it.
The Jim Rome people aren't any around your listening audience.
Okay.
I hate to break the news.
Yeah, I know that's going to really break your heart.
Jim Rome, I couldn't give a crap less about Jim Rome.
And it's good.
It's good.
Let me just get into the time jicke piece here.
You know.
Because it's great of it.
You know, nostalgia is a wonderful thing.
And we think back about, oh, wasn't that great when so and so was on.
But you know something.
Nobody is great all the time.
And when you're doing something that requires a tremendous amount of skill.
When it goes over big, you know, like all you can eat Negro.
It's spectacular.
You got the audience eating out of the palm of your hand.
We're on the floor.
We're laughing.
We're peeing in our pants, including me.
But it doesn't happen that often.
Oh, how could you say that?
Because it's true.
So there'll be some people, especially in the beginning, like next Monday morning.
I'm assuming Monday morning at nine o'clock.
That probably plays you from, I don't know from when Friday night.
I have no idea.
I'm here to give them all the promotion I can.
He's a good guy in a great town.
And I have no problem with that.
Everybody's got to make a living, you know what?
Henry Whackiness is back.
Right.
It's time jicke.
So anyway, it comes to be two o'clock.
The steam is coming out of my ears on Friday about this OJ business.
And now George tells me, time jicke wants you to call him.
This is the same time jicke by the way that all through the summer.
I know he's a big shot during the summer.
This guy is stupid.
They sent him out there to send sent no sends in the LA.
He's got to check out the new TV lineup.
He's got to write 60,000 articles about the new TV shows.
Because that's television, you understand.
We're not important.
We're just a bunch of radio nerds.
So when the spring rating book comes on, we have another fantastic book here on QAM, especially on this show.
Does he write a word about that?
No.
He's busy in LA.
And don't get me wrong.
I like time.
I've always liked time.
I get a long fight with time jicke, except for the fact that this guy is stupid.
Except for that.
He's telling me that his kids are telling him, oh, Neil, who are Neil saying about you?
I like time.
And for his kids, that's his got nice kids.
Okay.
He does.
What are you smirkin' about?
He's got nice kids, I think.
I don't know.
I don't think I ever met him.
But at any rate, don't take it personally.
It's just business.
It's certainly not personal, even though it was...
It's not his stupid.
The FCC thing that we're allegedly getting fined 35 grand by the FCC for a bunch of innocuous stuff that we played, including the file mouthed off.
And the thing that I've been playing for seven or eight years, did he write a word about that?
Did he ask me anything about that when he called me here on Friday, by the way?
No.
No.
I just don't understand it, Tom.
Was there any interest in that story?
Oh.
Major story.
Certainly, it was big enough to be an R&R in the Bible of the business when it first broke that story.
That's how we found out about it before the FCC bothered to tell us.
And of course, it's still in limbo and the lawyers are going back and forth.
Can we say crap?
Can we take a crap?
You know, but it's a big story.
Local radio station may get fined 35 grand by the FCC for all those all these things.
Tom can't discover it.
No.
Can't find it.
No.
So anyway, it calls me to a clock to ask me, of course, about the Phil Henry thing.
Henry Whackiness is back, right?
Tom and Saturday mornings, Sun Sentinel.
Beginning October 4th, Radio Rebel returns to local airwaves and syndicated show on WYNZ.
Phil Henry is coming back and all news radio is going away in a lineup shuffle involving two prominent radio stations in the Miami for a lottery market.
Let me interrupt my reading, by the way, because there's an interesting word that Tom uses in air.
Shuffle.
What do I always say about Pete Poulter?
That's his favorite thing.
Shuffle at deck.
Shuffle the deck.
Shuffle the key.
He did it when they had the light bulb.
Instead of putting somebody on the air under the age of 100, who might have tracked an audience under the age of 200, just keep moving to people around.
Speaking back at the old GBS days when they had their very short live attempt, their ill-fated attempt at competing in the talk radio market, when they had Alan Burke and David Gold, some of you old parts remember those days, some of you talk groupies.
Remember that?
The Fowler, Rest in Peace.
And what they would do is the ratings would come out. They have no audience.
You know, like one share is 0.5 shares, stuff like that.
Yeah, him too.
And so they would take the same people and move them around to different day parts, like Shuffle the deck of cards.
And that's what Pete Poulter does.
Just keep moving the same people around.
Shuffle over here.
Put it on INZ.
Put it on IOD.
Now the interesting part of it is remember when they made the initial shuffle.
When they took the all news from INZ.
Put that over an IOD.
They took the talk from IOD and put whatever was left of it along with their awful retreads.
And put that on INZ.
And come up with this stupid talk thing, which people don't even know what the goddamn call it is, by the way.
Stupid talk.
Anyway, Tom Jicke goes on to say,
Henry, who is especially as hilarious impressions of three or four wacky characters debating volatile issues, left WIOD three years ago to take a job in Los Angeles, he became such a sensation in the nation's second largest market that is showing now being syndicated nationally.
It will be heard twice a day in WIOD's sister station WINZ AM940 Stupid Talk.
Henry's live program, a 10 p.m. to 1 a.m., a re-1 will be presented in the following weekday morning from 9 a.m. to noon.
This will put the final two hours directly opposite Neo-Rodgers on WQAM AM560.
Riders who once was Henry's lead in on WIOD and has been his biggest booster is unfaith.
Now here's where we get to where Tom makes a little mistake.
OK, generally speaking, Tom, you usually quote me fairly accurately, but I did not say this.
It won't affect me at all, he said.
People who want to listen to Phil will tune them in live at night. They're not going to listen to tapes the next day.
That's not what I said.
That's part of what I said.
I said in the beginning there's going to be a lot of interest in people who go over and sample and they'll be tuned back and forth.
The reason that they're going to be tuning in in the morning and broward and not at night is because they can't hear the signal at night.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
So this is a very convenient excuse for the people of Clear Channel to say, oh, we're not just trying to knock off Neo-Rodgers because we're desperate and we can't come up with some new talent to put on air against them.
And we got to run tapes of the same show from the night before of Phil Henry, but we're doing it as a service to our listeners because of that crappy signal we got at night that nobody can hear.
Getting back to Tom Jirka's article he goes on to say,
characteristically, feisty, Roger said as soon as he heard Henry was being syndicated, he expected Clear Channel Communications, parent of WIOD and WIOD to pick up the show.
They're desperate.
What else do they have?
Said Neil.
In fact, wasn't I saying it almost every day here that they'd have to be crazy not to pick up Phil Henry?
Okay.
I say that every day and day.
Okay.
What's going on?
How come we can?
And wasn't I, who was the first one to tell this audience to tell this town that they were syndicating the Phil Henry show?
Who was the first one?
There you go.
There you go.
Going on to Tom Jirka's article, he also took a swipe at his own employer, meaning me.
You can quote me on this.
Our worst enemy isn't on the outside.
It's on the inside.
Rogers was furious that OJ Simpson was playing Friday in a celebrity golf tournament, co-spotted and promoted by WQIM.
Two of the current staples of Super Talk, WIOD and Dr. Laura Slesinger are moving to WIOD, which has been in all news stations during the daytime.
WIOD's news blocks will be limited to morning 5 to 9 a.m. and afternoon 3 to 7 p.m. drag time.
After a half hour of news, another half hour, including the 15-minute Paul Harvey report, will run from 11.30 to noon.
The rest of the day, WIOD will also present talk programs.
Limbaugh, fat ass Limbaugh.
We'll continue in his customary noon, the three slot.
See, so like I said, now they're moving this stuff back and forth, back and forth, IOD, I.N.Z, I.N.Z, I.N.Z, I.N.Z, back and forth, shuffle it up and down the dial, up and down the dial.
Slesinger will air from 9 to 11.30.
A sports talk show hosted by Phil Latchman. How do you like that?
Phil Latchman, there's a guy, you know him?
Yeah.
The only locally originated talk on a station will go, oh, how do you like that?
The only locally originated talk on a station, meaning IOD, will go from 7 to 10 p.m. followed by the syndicated Art Belt Coast to Coast, also moving from IOD to IOD.
So, we'll continue in a few minutes.
We'll continue in a few minutes.
We'll continue in a few minutes.
We'll continue in a few minutes.
We'll continue in a few minutes.
We'll continue in a few minutes.
We'll continue in a few minutes.
We'll continue in a few minutes.
We'll continue in a few minutes.
We'll continue from 2-6 p.m.
in spite of the fact that she's blown out almost the entire audience.
People are heaving, all over town, just with the idea of that nauseating bridge will still be on air with that cackel out of Knuxes sound, that real real obnoxious jappy sound.
The syndicated town like his program will also retain at 6-10 p.m., slot but only until the end of the year when the current contract runs out,
a local talk host will be sought to fill these hours and based on their track record I bet it's going to be somebody great
hahaha
A syndicated program hosted by Ed Kill
A newcomer to South Florida will air from Monday 5 30 in the morning when Rick and Sets will kick off the new day from 5 30 to 9
All the changes are scheduled to go to effect next Monday October 4 you heard it here first on Friday right here first on 5 60
WQA man in spite of our management
This is 5 60 QA L
I voor
Matting Saga old one bar, hanging wong joined in fishing language to the right pocket 78 no
How?
Angle spank report for the engine Parker Harry hunter David pocket let them all hang out
Welcome
A bastard of lilies
Wang Wazooini Wacker Pecker
P.B. Kidney, Doctor Heet
Seeking more submissal giggels
Stink, love whistle, tube
Stink, up all dick
This is getting really sick
I'm not true, there's one more
Purple home at warrior
She's always a child
And she got a lot of hunts
And she's a child of lilies
There's always some stupidity
A bastard of lilies
I think we're done and girl
You know the girls think of them
And you got them
Love it, I want it 5-50 W-2 and hang for me
If the school is in second, 2-6
Talking baseball, oh thank god
We're not going to be doing too much more of that
At least not about Marlon baseball
It's almost over, you can all, and just, oh
Be so good when that pain stops, you know
Talking baseball would done it be at 6
And then can you just begin to imagine
I want you to stop what you're thinking cap on right now
Just imagine the number of people
That are going to be sitting gathered around a radio
At 6.30 tonight when a pregame comes up
And then at 7 o'clock when they throw the first pitch
The Marlon's at the Montreal Expo
This could be one of the great audiences in the history of major league baseball
I bet you're in your broom closet
You've got room for more people
Then are going to be listening to Marlon's Expo's baseball
At 6.30 night
Here on WQAM
Where the sports embarrassment never stops
But at least the baseball ends very soon
Only six more games
And by the way, are we thrilled
That it looks like the Marlon's just are going to lose a hunger game
No, that's just amazing to me
The BS that they try to put over on the public
You're supposed to be happy by the way
That after losing a hundred eight games last year
The Marlon's already at 162
And if they win just one more of their last six games
They won't lose a hundred this year
God, I'd go out and buy season tickets just based on that right now
Team that won the World Series three years ago
And then, you know, here's what you got
A little league team
Now you'll notice by the way that we took a couple of calls
They're early like spontaneously
Like, you know, a little mini lightning round
And it was okay, we actually got some good information there
But I have a lot to say about what the show is all about
And you know, something to fill Henry thing
I think in a long run
Might be the best thing that happened for me
Are you sure? Yeah, positive
Because I bet you I spent at least seven minutes over the weekend thinking about this
Well, maybe four or five
Thinking about what's wrong, you know, with the first of all radio in this market is you know, sucks to begin with
So I think it's great and it injects a little bit of excitement again into the whole radio business
Even Tom Jicca
How do you like that? Who's of course much too big for us radio people
Even he writes a column Saturday that I just read about a radio event here in this time
When's the last time that happened, huh? 10 years ago, Sukus?
So it's good to have something something something alive on the goddamn radio
It's alive like they said in Frankenstein. It's alive
Not too often not too many hours of the day
But anyway, I was thinking about what's really bad about radio about talk radio anyway in this time
And you know what's really bad about talk radio besides a lot of the so-called talent?
The calls
See there are some people out there. Oh, yeah, for us cars. No, it wasn't for the listeners. The listeners are the ones who count
99 and 9 10th percent of them who will never call under any circumstances, which is very obvious by the way
You can beat him silly with a baseball bat and they still won't call
And when you stop and think about it, would most of you call what I call a talk show?
How many times I called the morning show once when I was driving to work here very early on?
Some hockey thing. It was back during the days that they were doing a hose job in Brian Murray and looking at his body parts
And I called them because there was psychotic over something they said. That was back before the days Geltie grew up here.
Nice going Geltie. Ow!
And thanks for the news that Alan McCauley is good to go up play. Oh, I was very nervous about that. But then you don't want to hear about that.
They don't know who that is.
But anyway, that's about the only time I can think of in the two years that I've worked here that I've ever called in.
And why would I? Why would I?
And in my case, I don't have to wait on hold. If I call in the station and somebody else is show like on Hank Show and I tell a producer,
Hey, if Neil, they'll put me right on here. I don't have to sit and wait 10 minutes, 15 minutes.
But the callers stop and think about the quality of the calls. And how many times have I talked about the sports callers?
Oh, you think that we get bad calls many, many days and we do. But the callers on these sports shows they're enough to make you want to put a gun to your head or there or both.
Terminal, ponderous.
Hey, Andy, you think the Yankees is leaving out going to win 20 games?
And that's one of the better calls.
Terminal, ponderous, puking, dozing.
This is the problem.
And when you're saddled with the local market and you've only, and again, we don't even have an 800 number, see this all goes back again to these people who had a free ride for too long.
I'm ecstatic. I hope that they're, I hope that God's you and Allison is the standing at the doorway now to greet them every morning.
I hope they're peeing in their pants because everybody's coming after this place now and long overdue. They've had a free ride for a long time.
They stepped into a bucket of, and they didn't even know it. They couldn't even smell what it was.
All they knew is that all this money was rolling in here and all these big ratings were rolling in here, especially during the middle of the day.
And it was filtering out the other day parts.
And did they do the smart thing? Did they do what makes any sense? No, what they do. I heard Mandage on Friday, who had a five and a half minute segment, not a five and a half minute commercial break.
He had a five and a half minute segment. It was going on wailing as only he can do about the fact that he had done all of this homework and met all these articles and put all this, you know, made all these notes for things that he wanted to talk about Friday because he knew he was going to be doing the show.
And he said, why did I bother? I'm only on for like five or six minutes at a time as kind of a buffer in between commercial breaks.
So, so basically what we've done here on this station, I can't speak for any of that is we've trained the audience. It's like an endurance contest.
Not only can we get you to call and say something, fairly intelligent or entertaining or amusing or provocative, whatever.
But can we get you to hold on through some of the longest commercial breaks in the history of the business, certainly in the history of AM radio.
I mean for a long time now FM radio because they like to do those long, we got a 20 minute uninterrupted music suite. Well, the reason they can do that is because they jam up a whole bunch of spots every time they do the commercial break three times an hour.
So FM has been doing that for a long time, just like they do on Howard show. But on AM radio, the idea of a 13 minute break, a nine minute break.
On her off. I was told you were just morning before the show back in the IOD days when we used to have a five minute newscast at the top of the hour. Remember those days.
If we had three or four people on hold at the end of the hour, along with come the newscast and as soon as they heard the ID in the news center and Henry Burrow's voice or Jennifer, whoever was, you could watch the lines drop off and you'd have to start when you come back after the news.
You know, a couple people would call back in you'd have to start over again because they knew that they were going to be on for an interminal period of time, plus waiting for you to talk to whoever else was on hold and they just weren't going to wait.
In addition to which stop and think about the nature of the people who will wait and who can wait.
You follow what I'm saying. How often have I talked about that?
People who will wait for like 35 minutes who basically don't have much to say and have been in the first place. I have no life.
Exactly. It's like they're holding up a billboard saying I don't have no life. So I'll stay on here for two hours if you want me to Neil.
You'll be sorry when I get on the air because it's going to be one sorry as call and I'm going to see the callers are what's entertaining.
I know that comes to great shock and it's always fun. You know, I've got this group of people out there that love to give me this song and it is.
I know you're so wrong. What we listen for is you ripping up the callers rip on a man. That's bull crap.
That's a lot of garbage. I can think of days when I've left here and during the course of those shows and there have been so many of them.
And people calling and say, oh boy, sure is tough today. I need these people are sure. Right. So many of those days.
When you're on in one market, you don't even have the 800 number like I said to talk to people who may be listening on the internet who may be over and four miles to expand the you've got to have a ton of people out there.
If we were, you know, syndicated on 25 stations or in five or 10 markets and had an unlimited number of phone calls, then you can go through like 7000 phone calls in an hour. You know what I'm talking about.
But when you're sitting here talking to yourself and you got like one or two people on there and you're pumping the numbers and pumping and I hear it all the time.
I heard Rick and suds doing it this morning. I heard one call on there all the time coming to work. I heard the default doing it this morning on the worst team pumping that number.
Why?
The callers generally speaking 80% of them, I would say just a pick a number are there. The caller suck.
They have nothing to say. They're not interesting. They're not funny. Like they got a call here last week or the week before.
Very early in the show to give me a song and a dance about his problem parking in downtown Miami and they charged him too much.
I could sit here and hear radio dials in my head clicking. I could hear the audible sound of people clicking, reaching and twisting and turning and yanking their radios in the opposition.
That's how boring you were sir. You were just you were puke inducing you were sleep inducing.
Yeah.
To be continued.
10 after 11 at 5.50 WQM if you want a great meal. By the way, speaking of a great meal before I do the spot for Emma coast, what are we doing for lunch today?
Now that you and I are both parked up over the weekend. Nothing.
Whatever you want. I'm not eating. You're not eating, huh? Painfully fat. Really? Can't tie my shoes. Too bad. I'll eat. I guess we can't have Atlantic City.
Sobs in again. Then if we're you know, you're not going to participate. I'll eat the guts out of it. Okay. Yeah, you're so full of crap.
I'm not eating. But if you're going to have if you insist. Yeah. You'll eat the guts. Anybody out here want to bring their guts towards the lead them.
Hello. This is my doll. You know, a few years ago I had throttest eight surgery. Initially I was worried simply about recovering.
Then I began to worry about the post-operative side effects like erectile dysfunction.
TV sometimes known as impotence also referred to as whiskey weiner. Legoland soft surf down periscope. Wildly willy.
Flaccents. Flagpole. Head and South spaghetti. Sendron. Went biscuit. You know, dang down the witches dead. But there is help.
You need to see a doctor with a little courage and proper treatment. He can help you achieve an erection sometimes known as a boner.
Often referred to as a sticky hard time pocket rocket. Granite gum drop concrete crawler. Roller quarters. A choppy catching a tanner being harder than Chinese algebra.
And when you do get help, there's no reason to be ashamed because there's now hope for men and their partners hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse.
Sometimes known as sex often referred to as the hunky dance bumping ugly. Hide in the salon. He's putting the upright. The tube's take buggy. Getting some honey.
Matching mad. You know, take a trip to the mom. So remember it's a little embarrassing to talk about. But with a little courage and a few creative you from his.
You too can leave behind the soft rock. Get yourself some hard salami. Ride the baloney pony into a bright new future. I'm Bob the all. Thank you.
I do like hard salami, by the way. It's 11 16 at 5 60 WQM. So here's a fact. From one of our fine sponsors, chewing out John penis, by the way.
Rip in a manass for not the servicing as a count. How unusual. I don't want to mention who it is on the air. So anyway, speaking of on the air, the poor guy, a stoofax here, by the way.
About the private memo over there at the queer channel. Now, and this must be this must be from the inside over there. I don't know. He thought he thought he was talking to you. The guy that sent me the facts of that memo.
I was on the air, sir. So you're probably going to be fine. Well, very sorry about that. But hey, that's the way it goes. When you call a radio station, you're probably going to be on the air.
I'm so sorry about that. Am I sorry about that? Oh, he probably didn't work over there. Probably found it under his like we find all the memos.
The janitor. The janitor. The janitor. The dog done it. So anyway, getting back to this thing about the phone calls.
And I noticed by the way, as soon as I said that the phone stoppering in entirely, which is okay.
Because I took a few calls there in the first hour. My new approach to this show is going to be unless we get an 800 number, unless we start doing something you know we expand our horizons a little bit.
I'm going to take a few calls here and here. And it shows going to be a lot more of me and a lot less of you.
Now, share so that that's what it needs to be now when you do your fill in you do whatever the hell you like.
You want to go on and talk about your experience at this wing club and every grotesque that they'll actually take about five minutes.
Just about like it took you.
But when you stop and think back all these years, I mean the classic, the great phone calls that I've had over all these years, 23 years.
I've been on here in this town. How many stand out?
The bridge tender. The scooting lady, which to be honest with you that that wasn't all that great to begin with.
And then the guy that we had, which I'll play in a little while, I'll kill some minutes, the fraternity guy who wants to run naked on the beach with his buddies, which is only a few days ago.
We had that one. The didn't go lady.
Made a promo out of it. Yeah. That's four in 23 years. That's like that's like one every six years.
I'm talking about calls that are really memorable that are either really funny or really provocative or really something.
Yeah, like that.
What every six years, do you have any idea how many phone calls you have to go through?
Just stop and try to figure it out. How many calls could you take in six years to go through and come up with the four in 24 years?
One hell of a lot. Watch. I proved it. WQ I am.
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, wow. Got right through. I think it's a great idea where you're thinking of doing. I didn't hear the delay though.
I'm going to turn off my radio now, but in that moment, I don't know what else you added to what you're thinking of doing, but I think it's great.
I think it's, I've been wanting to say that for a long time, but I didn't know how to approach that.
I mean, I've got a zillion things to talk about. And one of the great frustrations it might do in this show is that I'll sit here.
Most days, the first 10 minutes, 20 minutes, a half hour, sometimes 40 minutes, if I'm on to put a lot of stuff.
And I'll talk about all kinds of stuff that I think is really important and will really get people going.
And then the first call will be some crap that has nothing to do with the government.
In other words, how many times have you heard me say, I'm doing one show and the callers are doing another show.
Exactly. I got their own agenda, which most people aren't interested in what they're talking about.
Exactly. That's why I think it's fantastic. I hope you keep it going.
Okay, thanks. Okay. See, there you go.
How many, how many, if I could count the times, I didn't have the amount of frustration that I've gone through because I come on here and I'm just wound up like a maniac.
And I'm just pouring my guts out here. And the first call will be somebody say, yeah.
Or the first call will be, but it can't, you know, like that.
See, I realized that you people, meaning you, of course, and you're people, you don't have much to talk about that we can relate to besides, you know,
refried beans, stuff like that, which we don't care about. But that doesn't mean that they don't listen. They're out there listening.
They just like most of the other people have nothing to say.
So when you have nothing to say, not a call. Okay. We got the message the first 45,000 times, you know, in addition to which vulgar roll.
And I think it's much more colorful anyway. I just like the way you can roll the R on that vulgar roll. Oh, I just, hmm.
No, sir, I get, I get sexual excitement. I get like, oh, man.
Emotional, just thinking about here and somebody say that.
And usually the sad part of it is it's always some old spick. That's the set. See, I don't get excited about old anybody, especially old spicks because they're the worst.
Oh, man, they, you know, one word that they don't understand. I've told you that before. No, they don't understand the vocabulary.
Now, like I said, tomorrow, I have a meeting tomorrow afternoon to a clock with the powers that be around here.
And if they want to, you know, if they want to try to help assist do anything for this show, which they haven't done, nothing.
Two years have been here. Have they done anything other than what they were demanded to do, other than what it was in writing.
Anything. No. No. And you know what that goes back to it, just like your appearance on Saturday at Primeco.
Then we had to make it a big joke here on Friday and mentioned about 600 times because nobody would tell you anything about it.
I mean, George will take the money. I mean, make no mistake about that because with what he's getting paid around here, you take the money too.
But, you know, for the same amount of effort, you can take the money and you can go do something good so the thing might want you to come back again someday.
As opposed to going there, walking in the front door with your buddy there and they say,
Yeah, which makes you feel like, you know, right from the outset, you have a feeling something's wrong here, you know, something's not kosher.
This isn't exactly going to be a major event.
It's like I said before this Saturday, noon to two, we're going to be at the soggress at the inspection soggress mills mall for our first set of one appearance of here.
We'll have the brand new best in the Aligned deny.
And we're going to also have those key chain things. Are they going to be ready? I hope I haven't heard anything negative about it.
So I just don't want to say no, they won't be able to.
It was great little nifty key chains that have buttons on them where you can have some of your favorite sounds from the show, which are going to be really neat and nifty.
But today is Monday. I realize Saturday is a long way away. It's way, way down there, you know.
So God forbid that anybody in promotions or anybody else involved in this thing should give us a little bit more information or have a memo out on this.
And you know, the little dog made a good point. We were out there in the hallway with little gripe session there last Thursday or Friday.
About the fact that our promotions people do absolutely nothing zero zippity do da because they're part of the privilege group because they got naked pictures of a Greg.
But wouldn't it be nice if we had memos about everybody else's stuff? Wouldn't that be great so that when a Hank is making an appearance, they're going to be doing a show out at so and so.
Or when Joe was doing an appearance member, Joe and Gellie, I think we're doing a thing on Saturday out somewhere, which we heard them talking about. Did we have anything about it in here? No, they have anything about your appearance in there? No.
See, there's a word that they don't understand around here and you want to know they don't understand because nobody is forced into understand it.
I mean, I feel now like I'm going on this lecture again that I did two years ago.
Shortly after I first came here, the word is effort put a little effort into what you do. Those are sure I can take the guy down paycheck, Sam put a little bit of effort into what you're doing.
That's why you know this thing with that golf tournament.
I could write a whole chapter in a book. I mean a lengthy chapter just about the golf tournament.
And who was it that wasn't doing a job in promotions so that raw hanging in here on the year that day was getting into a big lot of was on the air and also happened a throw in.
Oh, how come you don't want OJ is that what that crap because Roy Roy and OJ are joined at the hip. I think they're the same person. Maybe just gain some weight.
So why did that all transpire because we the talent none of us were reading the promos on here for this golf tournament that took place last Friday and you want to know why because nobody gave us any information nobody knew what not about it.
Because once again somebody who's got a privileged life who's got a free pass who's got a scholarship whatever term you want to use who's got a job for life didn't do his job.
See I have a difficult time reconciling all of these things I really do knowing that there are some people some of us who come in every day who try to be conscientious who really take a little bit of pride in what we're doing even though it's here.
And then there's a whole bunch of these floaters floaters people are just kind of floating their way through life taking an easy paycheck getting the latest much as they can getting as much head as they can.
And getting ahead in life I guess is there a motto and they're enabled to do it with the management that is either weak and spineless or ignorant or oblivious or conspiratorial or whatever all of these things put together.
I don't know. I think I'll find out tomorrow but it's tragic.
And like I said before now that you got people coming after you from all different sides Greg they're not just going to sit back and give you a free pass it's not like what you do with Sam and some of these other people here just giving them a free ride a free lunch.
It's not like that.
There's competition there are other people out there who want those dollars all those millions and millions and millions of dollars that are pointing through this place.
There are other people who want their piece of the pie to whether it's those goofballs down there with their make believe station down to at 1700 or whether it's a Pete Bouldier who all of a sudden thinks he's a broadcaster because he can put Phil Henry on for six hours today and art bell on for seven hours today and think he's got radio stations.
Whatever it is.
It just keeps chopping up and chopping up and divvying up whatever piece of the pie you got.
So the two five share becomes a two one share and then maybe comes a one point eight year or whatever it becomes.
I mean sooner or later somebody's got to like stand up and say you know maybe your maybe nails got a point instead of just maybe nails a miserable son of a bitch in a hard ass and we hit him like poison and he's a prick maybe instead of just that maybe he's got a point.
And maybe some of these people around here ought to be doing something and one of the things that I take the greatest exception to is that when you ask these things like when George had the audacity on Friday to ask well what's going to be going out there prime co I mean we're given stuff away admit anybody made any arrangement when you ask something like that instead of having somebody say oh yeah well let me get you the answers it's like oh you make in trouble again you start up again.
You little prick oh yeah that's right you're with Rogers we should have known you're going to be a pain in the ass you're part of that routine.
See we're not playing the game okay we're not playing the game we're going to do it the right way and if you guys want you know you can you can be left in the wilderness you can be left in the dust in the entrails we're not playing the game.
26 after 11 5 60 WQ I am this is the new Roger shall this is your brain any question they say I love his tapu step what we're doing is wrong but I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong they tell us we should be a shame we're not husband and wife but I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch my prison bitch you're not like the man. I'm glad we share a prison cell when lights go out at 10.
I can't share the way I feel now that would be a crime as long as I am doing you I don't mind doing time.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I can't share the way I feel now that would be a crime as long as I am doing you I don't mind doing time.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
When I get out I'm ready to go straight.
No, my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others too bad they had too time.
On second-spot I please have faith if you want me to.
Your prison bitch is never leaving you.
You're not going to be a criminal.
But now you're not going to be a criminal.
I don't know, not again.
I don't want to try.
I'm criminal.
You're about to find out where the call is.
The Poke.
Like a 34 or 550 WQ I'm sitting here in a fielight.
here it is we've been on for an hour thirty five minutes what did i take
like two or three calls
and a first segment just because they have a new ring
and and i was in have i given the numbers that one no have i picked for
calls no i feel like uh... uh... god
thank you very much people's here
thank you for all of you sure positive
yes he get a little larger character why don't you see you see you get into a
world you come in every day and you go through the same as repetitious and
it's terminal and it's ponderous and you fight with the audience in your
fight with the audience are you going to respond to this uh... no respond
to that no
screw you okay
they just they just got nothing to say they got no material how many have
what's the point over how many days that i sit here saying i spent half of
my time today beggin for phone calls trying to get a response
day after day after day of my life
i mean how many how many times did i i mean we did make a little bit of
progress i'll say that
with that fraternity thing
that was about the eight hundred time i've tried
to get that topic going to get somebody to respond to the hazing in the kind
of embarrassing and humiliating and degradating almost always sexual and
nudity involved a crack that goes on with these guys boys will be boys
and play with boys
and we finally got a lot of tremendous response not a spectacular response
but last one to the end of the day we finally got enough a response we got
long call and a vaulted that's worth hearing
again about the guy that the macho guy the fraternity guy that wants to run
naked on the beach with his buddy there's nothing like it
yeah oh and by the way a little addendum to that
so remember he was asking me about do i have best friends
and i said yes two one is straight one is gay and i haven't seen either one of
naked you remember the response
so i get a phone call from one of your very best personal friends one day late
last week
i don't want to say who it was
somebody who admired tremendously somebody who i know is just dying to buy
you lunch one of these days
or maybe breakfast i think breakfast can be even cheaper than lunch
yeah like at the drive-through in the burger king you know one of those uh...
whatever those things are
rimmer
and he says to me oh yeah who are those two people you were talking about your
best friends
not now you see you're already laughing well you you you you'll die you'll
just die when you hear this
i said my friends Dave and my friend john
oh i thought i was your best friend
george has changed underwear three times in the last sixteen seconds
is that is that the most i mean yeah the rumors are good friends of mine
He is a very good person.
He is a very nice person.
Especially if you are a very nice person.
I mean, this to me was serious.
That is the best part of the whole deal.
He was serious.
My best close personal friend, Jeff Rimmer.
He was serious.
I thought I was your best friend.
First of all, isn't that a little bit juvenile anyway?
The side-deaf.
I mean, do you have friends that you are home?
Are you your best friend?
That sounds like really...
Do that for me, I will be your best friend.
Yeah, right.
Do you buy me another meal? I will be your best friend.
Heavy duty.
22-till noon.
By the way, I understand through the grapevine that they had an eight-minute commercial break this morning.
That is because the log is like today, by the way.
But of the eight minutes, five minutes were live spots.
Now, see, this is a problem.
When you got three guys on a show.
And they are all doing live commercials.
This is what you got.
So they can bitch in all they want about that format, which I do understand.
I think Hank has got a more legitimate beat because he is not doing.
He don't have a bunch of little underlings under the table or doing other live spots.
It is like when the sales department was approaching you.
Do live spots.
And where are we going to stick those?
Where are we going to stick them?
That is what I told him.
Where is George going to be easy taking Maya veils away so he can be doing live spots?
Is that what is going to happen?
No.
See, I think what they had in mind is that every commercial break,
I would do a live spot in the beginning.
And then you would do a live one like in the middle, maybe at the end.
It would be good.
Because I won't do a two-in-one break, but that way we could have you do one in the break.
And you know, since we are not taking a whole lot of phone calls on this show anymore,
what we can do is we can start bringing some people in, maybe we can bring the bird back.
And he can do some live spots.
Have L Goldstein come on, he can do a live spot for a school magazine?
There you go. Now we are talking.
Jim Mandage talks.
Oh, okay. Right here.
A sports radio 516 QA.
This film stands for nothing.
Get by this time for a test of bubble.
Oh, yes, since last night was a hero loved by millions across the land.
And we went to visit.
Here's their wife now.
She was hanging with another man.
But you just went home now for a night's asskey mask.
And a pair of gloves and back he went.
She was tipping her friend the waiter and giving more than a 15%
where she was couldn't take it.
Start a sight and end acting don't you know.
Was that the airport before they fell?
She made a touchdown in Oh, she can't go.
Oh, it's just in that.
I love my hotel.
But the L.A.D.A.
Well, he flagged all day.
Bob and legal procedure.
With a night that's the prince of your penalty.
He said we're conviction.
That's what gets when you.
Packed away.
I don't hear it everywhere.
In a ghetto where broms go.
Pressing something to his skull.
Wishing he was dead.
But it was a cell phone.
No, not a pistol.
Two a side box, summa.
Keep it in his head.
Well, it finally got a knock.
Now it's up to the jury.
But he will surely be here for life.
An out of people.
They feel bad for all Jay.
They forget it ain't okay.
I'll hack the wire.
Hack the wire, baby.
I'm here.
Time takes care of everything.
That's what I hear.
15 to noon is 560 WQM.
I got to talk and baseball.
It's almost over.
Hang on tight.
It's almost over.
The embarrassment.
The scuttle boat around the building here at 2 am.
The scuttle boat seems to be with this OJ business.
That our general manager was aware of this ahead of time.
That this whole business of him coming up there in Olimo
was a premeditated act.
Orchistered by person or persons within this building.
And that our general manager was either a party to it.
Or was aware of it at the very least.
Again, that's only the scuttle boat.
I have no way to verify that.
Would that be embarrassing?
Humiliating.
Rotating.
Unaccepting.
Would that be an act of ultimate stupidity?
See, why is it that some people don't understand?
That almost everyone, almost every white person anywhere.
And most black people, there's some black apologists out there
who want to continue that racial thing.
Because he's an awful dark.
But most people, I don't encounter anybody outside this building.
Who apologizes for him?
Who wants to see him?
Who wants anything to do with him?
I only encounter people that wish only the worst for him.
Like real bad arthritic needs.
It was a good start.
Like living in a world where nobody wants to talk to him.
Except for this hot bitch that he's doing now.
I guess the look-alike blonde, the Nicole look-alike.
I guess finally, Mama made her a dump him, okay?
So he's got some new white chick, some brunette,
that according to our spy reports,
is a real knockout.
That's what we're here.
At least he's got good taste.
That's one thing we can say for OJ.
Even though he may be a miserable son of a bitch
and murdering a bastard, he's got good taste.
Can we agree on that?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
No?
Oh no, yeah, he's got good taste.
But they're horrors.
Yeah.
Well, if you're going to screw horrors,
you might as well pick out ones that look good.
So you can afford it.
So be more selective when you go to Amsterdam.
Okay, don't just take the first one in the first window
when you turn the corner there in a red light district.
Shop around a little bit.
Please off in the end, so to speak.
So speaking of scumbags, by the way,
we're going to have to, we're seriously,
we're going to have to get somebody in here
to investigate that whole situation
when we get to the bottom of it.
Of course, we probably never will
because it's that little conspiracy again, you know?
That closed little fraternity in the, yeah.
But anyway, speaking of scumbags,
so here it is on the front page of our papers this morning.
Nice going, Jimmy.
Jimmy, we could be special Johnson.
Dolphins, rookie, Demetrius,
Underwood is in a,
Lansing Michigan hospital
after suffering a life threatening stab wound to the neck.
Police are still investigating
whether the stabbing was self-inflicted.
Oww!
Underwood was found outdoors on Sunday,
near the home of the mother of his two children.
A day after his arrest for a failure to pay child support.
Oww!
Now, let me ask you this.
How come, how come all these jocks
were making all of this money?
Getting paid certainly more than your average
slabs out there on the street.
How come so many of them just do not want to be a pay-and-your-child support?
The arrest and subsequent stabbing
are two more incidents in the bizarre saga
that's unfolded since Underwood disappeared
after his first day of training
with the Minnesota Vikings.
He was then picked up by the dolphins, as you know,
because Jimmy never met a criminal scumbag
that he didn't like.
That he didn't want to give a second chance,
a third chance, a fourth chance, and a fifth chance.
Nice going, Jimmy.
You could be special Johnson.
WQIM.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How the hell are you?
Pretty good.
Listen, a couple things I got to talk to you about.
It seems like every radio station,
not just the ones you're on there,
they're all, they're all, they're all,
they're incompetent, or people that work there are always incompetent.
They can't do, they're even just a noir.
How do they, how do they even turn a profit into, beyond me?
The second thing is.
Well, as I said, they're making a profit
with all the money that they're giving away in John Henry.
Well, like I said, not just your station.
Yeah.
The other thing is, I know you're ripping OJ a lot,
but did you have them who've catched up a best-seller?
Or I've lost one?
Did you watch that?
No.
They had this great skit,
and they had the guy pretending he was OJ,
and he's interviewing moral leavey,
and he says, here's the play,
and he draws the play out,
and they show her the screenings,
and I did it.
It was beautiful.
Oh, man.
I'm going to have to send you the paper, but it's excellent.
I love it.
In closing, you can't spell scum without UM.
Okay.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Too bad about those hurricanes.
I feel like, I feel like twins of excitement
between my thighs.
It must be because the hurricane lost the East Carolina this weekend.
Blue that big lead there late in the game.
What a shame, huh?
See, one of the reasons, one of many reasons
that I despise the whole University of Miami athletic program,
but especially the football program, especially.
I mean, the baseball program I worked with for six years,
I don't despise them.
I wish that nothing would look good luck, but nevertheless.
But the rest of it, to them, especially this football thing,
because it's phony.
It's make-believe.
It's everything that's wrong with this town.
Is the UM football program.
Phony people, bandwagon jumpers, waiting to jump on hop aboard.
Oh, look at this.
They want a couple of games.
They want a big upset over a higher state to first game.
And then they've lost a couple of games.
Now, you'll see how fast that caravan will just crumble.
And the sawdust, because it's make-believe.
It's fake.
It doesn't exist.
There's no great support.
There's no groundswell support for U of M sports.
It's a make-believe university.
It's not even a real campus.
A big percentage of those kids, the ones who are from down here,
they all live at home.
It's a nothing university.
WQA-N.
Well?
Yes, sir.
Can I see Camille?
Speaking.
Camille?
Yes.
Your career is over.
Yeah.
And Phil Henry's going to destroy you.
Yes, is that why you're listening this morning?
Well, until he gets here, yeah.
Till he gets here, yeah.
Well, I'm sorry.
It's the best I can do.
Okay, pal.
Sorry.
We'll try to entertain you this week.
And then goodbye.
My career is over.
See, and there's one of the losers I'm talking about.
There's one of the guys that were to pump in a number,
pump in a number, to get this guy on here so we can abuse me.
See, DNH, Duno-Harm, and the other part is just as important.
TNC, Take No Crap.
That's my philosophy in life.
And the idea that I got to sit here degrading and humiliating myself
and pumping out begging people to say something
so that they can call it, oh, you suck.
I'm listening.
I listen every day.
And even after Phil is on, I'll still be listening.
Even though I lie a lot about it.
You're not going anywhere, pal.
Okay.
You're listening to Phil for a couple of days.
Then you'll be dialing back and forth,
dittling around, and you'll be back here.
Like most everybody else will.
Every time they put anybody on, oh, it's going to be fat ass limbaugh.
You're scared, Neil.
Are you scared?
Don't take it personal, Neil.
Yeah, I was real scared when they put fat ass limbaugh on there.
Just like I was real scared when they put Howard on him, you know,
because his ego is so mammoth.
You know, if I were making the money that he's making,
I don't think I would need to be on the next year,
40 minutes, 45 minutes, a whole hour, you know,
between 10 and 11 o'clock.
I don't think I need to feed my ego that much.
Was I scared of that?
No.
Did we beat him in that hour in every book since he's been on?
Somehow, with all the stuff that they've thrown,
fat ass limbaugh, Howard, all these other people,
here we still are.
And the numbers keep getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
In fact, the ratings have gone up since Howard came on
in the market.
My numbers have gone up.
Even though he is on whatever long he is in that 10 o'clock hour.
And since fat ass limbaugh came on here.
You know something, sir?
I wish you're all the luck in the world,
because retards like you, more power to you.
I won't miss you.
Like I've always said before to people that call this show,
oh, yeah, I'm leaving now.
It's been eyes like the asshole that sent me that facts.
Who's wasted 14 years of his life.
Screw you, Neil!
Yeah, that guy.
Screw you, because I have a different opinion,
so screw you, because you have the audacity
to criticize anything about America.
You're a simpleton pal, you're an idiot,
and you're still listening right now.
I bet my life on it.
I bet somebody else's life on it, like I said.
You're listening right now.
There is no doubt in my mind.
Send me a...
cares enough to send me the very best
because I had the audacity to tell him something
he didn't want to hear.
Emotional cripples, children.
Here's Bob Barr, by the way, you know,
speaking of the phone calls,
going back to the TV show on Whammy,
how many times did I beg them?
Why are you doing that?
You've only got a half an hour show,
such as the abortion that they were putting on the ear.
Butchering it up, the video, the audio,
the editing, everything about that show was a nightmare.
Was guaranteed to fail from the start.
But why would you take out a four-hour that you're taking every day?
Why wouldn't you just take my sitting there
and doing the various tirades that I'm going on in Target,
saying whatever the thing?
That's what the The Aragis show is.
Oh no, Matt Elisha, he wants us to put phone calls in there.
By the way, anybody seen him lately?
No.
He's gone.
He's out on his ass.
Wouldn't know what God damn TV if they stuck it in his...
Right.
That's right.
Had to put phone calls on there.
Long, ponderous, tedious phone calls.
I'd be watching that thing and I'd be screaming at the set.
What kind of an editing job is this?
Why are you putting this crap on this show?
Guaranteed to fail.
Because of...
In part, I mean, all the other zidian things that were wrong with it.
But especially because of the phone calls that they insisted on putting on there.
I know I sure found it captivating.
You know?
So anyway, here's Bob Barr,
which I wish we had the TV for only a couple of seconds so you can see how good he looks with that little mustache.
Can you let's say today?
The voters in Washington, D.C., had an election last November, which is the American F and way.
And they voted yes.
They voted yes to legalize marijuana from medical use.
Just like they're doing all over the country, by the way.
Arizona, California.
And Bob Barr, because he's such a goody too, she says,
oh no, you can't do that. It's evil.
So he had reduced the bill in the house to bar funds for the medical marijuana initiative.
So here's some letters to the editor in USA today.
In response to this fascist, this Nazi bastard, Bob Barr.
Kirk Mews in Vancouver, Washington says, obviously the voters of Washington, D.C., didn't know what they were doing.
When 69% of them voted to legalize marijuana for medical use.
Obviously lawmakers can't allow adult citizens to make their own decisions as to which herbs are drugs to use.
Otherwise, it would send the wrong message to children that the Constitution and Bill of Rights really mean what they say.
Obviously, the signers of the Declaration of Independence didn't know what they were doing when they declared that the right to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness is inalienable and self-evident.
Obviously, they should have added an exclusion for herbs and drugs that can harm nobody except the users themselves.
Brian Hagwood in Greenville, South Carolina writes,
My father died of cancer. The end of his life was quite painful, but he wanted to and did spend every last day that he could on this earth with his loved ones.
One major factor that contributed to his prolonged life was marijuana.
Oh, marijuana enabled him to fight off the nausea from the chemotherapy, making it easier to keep down his food.
My dad was lucky that one of his physicians was compact enough to recommend marijuana in the first place or he most likely would have died sooner.
There are untold numbers of people in this country who suffered the effects of chemotherapy, glaucoma and the side effects of drugs used to treat AIDS.
These same people could benefit from the positive effect of marijuana.
Representative Bob Barr of Georgia was quoted as saying that it would set a terrible message to America's young people if we allowed licensed physicians to prescribe medication that in their professional opinion would benefit a patient's health.
I truly hope that Barr never lives through the pain my father did or the dangers and the degradations that my family endured to acquire the best medicine for the treatment of a loved one.
And Bill Hurt of Lexington Kentucky pardon the name rights.
The people of Washington DC had their votes counted on medical marijuana issue.
The voters spoke clearly with a landslide victory for personal freedom and a repudiation of overprotective big brother government.
The voters are speaking clearly. Are there any politicians out there listening? No, no, especially that trash that little Nazi Bob Barr nice mustache by the way Bob.
Oh, 1157 at 560 QAM.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Hi, Felicia.
I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
I thought using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah, right. So what are you using now?
Well, it's light-cheeking shoulders only without all those additives. It's just called head. Let's tell them about it, girls.
If you tie your down your own hands, take the cat, wrap it, and be lazy.
Yeah, yeah, don't you remember what I said? Yeah, yeah, it'll feel better if you get some head.
Wow. Where could I get that?
Lots of places, chicks. You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you this head.
In 50 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, styled, and blown dry.
Gee, you don't miss a lick, do you?
Pencil. Great, but is it expensive?
Not at all, chicks. I'd rather say there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10.
Golly, that's that price. Everyone should be getting head.
That's right, chicks. When you say head, you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Bolotian. From Freedom of Industry. Here it tells you why you should get head.
First, it lubricates each limp hair follicle, leaving it in a wrecked, listening shaft.
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leaving your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted.
Nothing does the job like head. Great.
Can I get head from my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably. But you might want to try your girlfriend first.
Go out and get some head for your hair.
Oh, yeah. And then it's worth goes along like head, head, head.
You'll look better and you'll feel better. Yeah, yeah. And you get head. You're a lucky step.
What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available to price. You won't find hard to swallow. And it's going down every day.
Honey, we're out of shampoo. Can you go out and get some head?
What did you say? I said I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus. I'm going down now.
And head makes a great holiday gift.
Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head. Then I gave her a throw necklace. I've never seen her so choked up.
My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get gergons lotion and a national fever after.
When you touch, you will want to touch. Oh!
And feel the dirt, my love, your love. You're in the shower. You want to come. You're in the shower.
If you buy it, you're okay with it. And you can run, say it. And feeling so. Yeah, yeah.
And remember, the part I say, yeah, yeah, yeah. You'll feel better than you get some head. You'll feel better than you get some head.
Oh, yeah. Oh, God.
Head shampoo. Come on. Give it a shot. My hair looks great.
Use a nap.
Double five to five sixty WQM five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line.
Yeah. WQM.
It's like to speak to me. Speaking. Hey, Neil, how you doing, sir?
Okay, sir. Hey, there we go. See what I'm saying? This is beautiful. Perfect. What a great setup this was. WQM.
Yes, I'd like to talk to you on the list. Speaking. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. How's everything? Great.
Good. I hear you a little hostility this morning. How's everybody?
Oh, but the calls and everything. I mean, I've been trying to pull over and I'm just lucky I got through right now. Yeah.
You know, I know that a lot of assholes out there that call and for no reason, but, you know, what do you got for us, sir?
Actually, what I wanted to know is I hear you were talking about that. Now I want to think not too long ago.
Just say I've been speaking if the government, you know, decided to legalize now on in the state or actually state of, you know, all the states.
Yeah. What about what about drug test? I mean, how would that go? I mean, would that be legalized like alcohol? I mean, you have so many alcohol. But yet, you don't have them just for alcohol.
Yeah. Well, if it's legal, why would there be a test for it?
Well, I'll be in that, you know, what it, you know, they have a test to see if you ate rice crispies in the morning.
Good point. That's why I just wanted to get your opinion on that.
Okay. Don't eat too many home untouched. You next poor am either pal.
I would get the copy seeds. I'll kill you every time. Okay.
How about that work, by the way, George?
First you got it. Yeah. First you got a P. W.D. Q.A.M.
W.D. Q.A.M. with a radio up. Yes, sir.
Yeah. Good.
For Henry. W.D. Q.A.M.
Yes, sir. Sorry about that. Neil, how are you? Okay. Fine. To meet you in the sun to wood had his next flashed. Yes. And where was OJ?
They were fighting over the knife. Apparently so. OJ was at the Q.A.M. Golf tournament in Lago Mar.
I'd like to call somebody a douchebag. Yeah. So then I forgot about that part. Thank you, sir.
God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
There's another part of the calls that I just love that just send.
You know, I don't understand how this show is even still on the year to be honest with it.
What do you call? No, seriously. What the colors have done to me over these last many years.
It's a miracle between some of the bozos that I've worked for and these great calls.
I'd like to call somebody a douchebag. At first of all, does anybody know how to do it?
Who you're talking about? Did they care? No. No.
Does it contribute anything? Is it entertaining? Is it amusing? Is it hysterical?
Is it a pain your pants funny? No. Is it anything besides ponderous and terminal and embarrassing and humiliating?
And have a nice day, sir. And thank you so much because that was one of the, I'm sure that there are others that will pop into my mind.
WQ.A.M.
Anyhow, how's it going? Okay, sir.
Did you hear about that stabbing? Yeah.
Were you fudge packing? Uh-huh. WQ.A.M.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir.
There's a little note event that's coming Saturday that no one's talking about. I wanted to let you know about it.
Yeah. The panthers are opening up the NHL Jesus Saturday. They're trying to keep it a secret both on your station and throughout the South Florida community.
Yeah. Uh-huh.
If we aren't sure about Pavel's knee, maybe we'd better keep it a secret, especially since the team never won an exhibition game.
The whole exhibition season, they had a perfect season.
Can I tell you my theory? Yes.
Uh-huh. You know, the new edict from the Murray Brothers is that they have to speak English.
I think they have the wrong language. They don't have to speak Yiddish or something like that.
Obviously. Obviously, they're not communicating.
But nothing has said anything about this. And last season we had to go through these guys.
What do you mean nobody has said anything about it? Nobody cares. Don't you understand?
I'm almost as grateful to you as the last guy with a douchebag thing. This is another thing.
What's the point of doing a whole hockey tournament? Nobody here cares.
Yeah, but I think just one more thing, but I'll let you go.
I think that they're in trouble with the Murray Brothers because this year, the season ticket sales have gone down.
That's right. And I think that another was the third season of not missing the plan.
Of missing the plan, rather, we'll translate into Wayne's anger, especially with ticket sales being absolutely correct.
No question about it. I'm packing sandwiches for him right now as a matter of fact.
Yeah. Well, it looks more best.
Okay. See you Saturday. Saturday night. He's right.
They're washing the caps. We'll be here to start the big hockey season. Any interest out there?
Oh. Anybody care? Anybody talking about?
No. Anybody fired up about pop?
No. Anybody? No.
Scoreless tie in Louisville last night.
Nashville predators. How do you like that? They've been working. I got to. I got that here.
They've been working to create this minor league affiliate Louisville.
Get the people all turned on the hockey. They play the Nashville predators.
And the article says one of the worst games in the history of the human race.
A scoreless tie.
That would be like going to the swing club and not even getting to watch.
Much less swing it out.
Exactly. What's the point?
Ed Chapman knows the scores starting at 10th of the last 10th.
We ignite homeland 4358UAM.
Spread them and say cheese.
I'm Aaron Sommard. You know what? You got me talking on the press and phone.
Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on this show there's a near topic each night.
I got you down.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Kim Polkapper Talks Sports Weekend right here on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I didn't go out my bike.
New from the violent toys.
It's the Austin Towers talking down.
You'll hear Austin say all of his famous lines from the movie.
Kind of.
Here's Covary President Bernie McFarland.
We believe the filth and disgusting language from this movie is corrupting the young luck of the country.
We have therefore eliminated all the bad ones.
But not even a biggest fan will be able to help.
Listen, I think you're fantastic.
Maybe you're very nice.
You're soft.
For bunches.
Baby yeah.
Yeah, candola.
The new Austin Towers doll.
You want to make you come free, baby?
Available now.
It's the same thing I always see parish hall and all Spencer gifts.
4.43 at 560 WQM by the way that new movie.
What's the house in Amherst that I was talking about?
The hockey movie would make it the young teenagers including a hockey player.
It's called mystery Alaska.
That's from the same people that did Austin Powers.
Do you have any idea where it's coming from?
Naked in the young hockey players by the way.
560 7.0560.
On the 18 T wireless line.
Mike Burrardino by the way in the Sun Sentinel.
You're a real asshole.
Yeah, John Bull says the Marlins have matured this season.
Why is it that we got so many people including Sue Ryzen.
You're including this guy, Mike Burrardino.
Most of the people, that's why I guess Dan Lepanter has to get the award for
at least column of the day.
The day nice going, Dan.
About time.
The crazy spec.
Always have to suck up.
Oh, look at how much they've improved and they're competitive.
It's a piece of crap.
Okay, baby.
Nobody cares.
They stuck it to everybody.
They wounded them through the heart.
Even those people who did care.
They've like peed on their parade.
And these are shills in this town.
Just keep trying to pedal something.
And you can all see where they're coming from.
It's all part of the same crap.
Just build a sustained in baby and everything will be okay.
We'll spend lots of money then.
It'll be really great.
You know what the answer is?
No.
It was no last week.
It's no this week and it'll be next week.
WDQAM.
Yeah.
That's on Henry.
Let's set up back.
Okay, great.
Excellent.
Poxle Hoyspell.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We've cut the burden on the audience down about 70% here today already.
And they still can't handle it.
Have you noticed that?
Look at that.
They still can't hack it.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes.
I'd like to talk to Neil, please.
With this voice.
What's wrong with my voice?
What's wrong with your voice?
Is this your real voice?
No, no, no, no.
Let me tell you what I'm looking for.
What is your lady?
Is this a man?
What is this?
This is a lady with a bad call.
Okay, sorry.
I'm pretty sorry.
Listen.
I heard something and wish it scares me.
I've been listening in a Spanish station that on October 9th, the English population are
planning to paralyze the whole city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
I'm going to be in the city.
Freedom of expression.
The picks the Virgin Mary
The picks the Virgin Mary
Covered with elephant dung.
I saw it by the way.
I saw it by the way.
I was lovely.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
She never looked better.
I wanted to see the course of
erses."
Thelige
Personally I deceive Italian
Dreams, flows like the
and seagull said the mayor's threat to cut the funding violates the first
amendment is assertion that New York City can withdraw all funds for the
museum based on a single exhibition that he finds offensive illustrates a
serious misunderstanding of the constitution just like we have here in my
any with all these goddamn right wing old cubans who don't believe in freedom
of expression who think that they can run this goddamn town and keep like I
told you before the whole made county is being held hostage has been for years
seagull who discussed the controversy Sunday as a speaker at St Mary's
Episcopal Church in Harlem later said by telephone that government funding
may not legally be withdrawn because public officials dislike particular
works you don't have an obligation to provide funding to the arts but once you
do you can't defund a museum solely because public officials are displaced
with the expressed in the art he said the Brooklyn Museum's director Arnold
Lehman is not publicly said what he'll do but he has a reputation for standing
firm on matters of artistic expression julie any meanwhile defend it is
funding threat a news conference and a new riverfront park in the West
village there's nothing in the first moment that supports horrible and
discussing projects you and he said if you're going to use taxpayers dollars
you have to be sensitive to the feelings of the public one passenger by
heckled him is eight off julie any another shouted get your hands off our museums
the painting the whole end by the way there's a whole bunch of these other
displays I was telling about you know pigs heads and formaldehyde etc. That's
the way it is they had they showed it in Britain they had a bunch of protests
there with the most successful art exhibit they've had there in 50 years you
know those brits the painting the holy virgin Mary depicts Mary with dark skin
African features and flowing robes also was Jewish she wasn't no saying
flea it features a c jord likes to refer to it uses sand niggers it features
a shellac clump of elephant dung and two frozen cutouts of buttocks from
pornographic magazines the artist Chris Otheli 30 a black Catholic was born
in England and lived there said he used the pornographic images because
classical images of Mary are often sexually charged whatever that means so
here's this group all this is his thing it was like Andy Warhol but a soup can
with a Campbell soup can't that was his idea of okay people want to pay for
that people want to go to see it it's their business okay that's what freedom
of expression is all about not what the mayor thinks is tasteful or
inexpensive not what the old Cubans here in town I think is appropriate for
some performer to be here because their Cubans are not as the case may be when
is the embarrassment stopping his goddamn town when the hell does some
leadership come forward and say hey all you old Cubans if you want to get
back on a banana boat that's fine coming you won't get bring you a maybe a
no-chay and we'll see at eight o'clock tonight down Mickey's shifts down there
okay the cruise ships otherwise dummy up already and get with a program or we'll
send you back where you came from we'll take away your visa and your god damn
American Express card you crazy old farts but you're not gonna get that
here that's why the goddamn pan-am games are gone forever here that's why this
town is the laughing stock of the goddamn world because there are no freedoms
in the South Florida the old Cubans are making sure that in date county and
Ken Jenny is making sure that in Broward County so guess what Adolf come on down
baby you'll have a great time
we've talked about a double set of standards we say crap on a year and the FTC
wants to find a for I got a goddamn document from our lawyers that way 600
goddamn pounds the response to the FCC that wants to find a 35 grand for
playing stuff and for a sand crap on a year and taking one but they can go on
year and you know promote civil disobedience and tie up the whole goddamn
county and nobody dares touch them
hands off and it's always been that way and always will be five six seven oh five
60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line it's a 1256 of QA and
Hello
You have a brand new style to
We're not the way you clap your
Do you want to make the
On your chest and all the
things I just
I'm going to
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
What's the bad guy say to
When it bills Papa
ord
Trust
Under
During the talk
It's a minute after one at 560 WQAM, 567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, you've got to understand that the sex is evil, so if God was going to come to Earth,
You'd have to be, you know, if God's son was going to be here,
have to be the son of a virgin.
Has to be in a macular conception, so it's real clean.
There are only been about 7,000 religions with a macular conception,
with all of these other bubble miceys.
But thank God we got to write one this time, though.
WQAM.
Yes, occurring at next year's WQAM, so nobody got to come.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, but what's like to meet the meal?
Speaking.
A meal?
Yes.
How you doing?
Great.
I'm calling you about the God's son, Raphari, and OJ.
Yes.
I just got to make, I was there.
You're the first call we've had about that.
Nobody seems to care besides us.
I got to leave you with just, I got to just leave you with a visualization and a comment about OJ.
Yes.
And to see if this makes any sense.
I see him playing golf on there, and of course he's got his golf glove on,
and that's just a sight.
The glove, yeah.
Just being more of a bloody glove?
No, one bloody.
But I'm standing online with him waiting for Tony Romus,
and he turns out he's talking about Buffalo and how happy to jet fans are.
There's been a terse tet the bird he went down,
and he says, yeah, you, my amy fans, thrilled for death now.
You guys come right up on top of the AFC.
And then he says, you guys got really lucky.
You got away with one last week, you know, after his own death.
No, yeah.
Here's OJ wearing a glove and talking about how he was going to live.
He's the expert on getting away with two, it's a matter of fact.
Not just with one.
Two for the price of one.
Right.
It was just his unbelievable.
And he did say he's definitely moving to South Florida.
Oh, no.
He was the rumor mill buzzing around.
I thought he was moving to the Bahamas with the new buzz.
Now he's moving to Florida, and apparently he's going to be doing a talk radio show
with Lawrence Taylor in June.
You know something?
You know what I'm thinking?
I'm thinking the fan.
I don't know, but he's from your mouth to God's ears, sir.
I definitely heard that he was moving here in June.
Two for the radio show.
All right.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
You got it.
God bless you.
How do you like that?
And I hear, by the way, through the grapevine, that a lot of people were there as usual looking
for autographs, suck it up to them.
Oh, you know something?
If they put him on the ear.
What's Barry Jackass going to do then?
Talk about a red face podwacker, huh?
Those chubby cheeks of yours are going to be red of an usual, Barry.
Because I can't think of anybody else putting them on.
Unless you don't think where is he got a larger fan base that you've seen in South Florida.
He's got four already.
Five.
I've never seen four or five in the same place before.
Sam here.
Greg.
The water Nazi.
Screw in.
And of course, Roy.
Five.
I bet you're a Marlon game that I don't have that many people going to be listening.
How do you like that, huh?
That's the rumor we're just starting right now.
OJ and LT coming to QAF.
That's our response to all these changes.
Take that clear channel.
Take that.
You think you guys are so smart over there, huh?
Unless they're big shot people, you're, huh?
Take that.
We got OJ.
Who the hell needs all those other goyms?
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good.
I was about to meet.
I don't think so.
It's not like a funny voice.
WQAM.
They kneel.
How are you?
I'm really pissed off.
How come black people in general have an attitude problem?
Good question.
That's an excellent question.
I don't know.
Well, I'm really pissed off because, you know, even when I walk into a restaurant or anything like that,
they get rain-frennier, they cut you.
They don't give a crap about us.
They cut you?
Well, yeah, they cut you like OJ cut his wife up.
Uh-huh.
And that's all I have to say.
I want to hear what you say about that.
Let's get everybody riled up.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Hey, let's get everybody.
It's only Monday, pal.
Just ease off.
Okay.
Just to relax a little bit.
We're taking care of OJ and LT first.
I will take care of the rest.
And then Jesse Jackson.
Then we'll worry about the rest of those farchers later on.
Okay.
Just wanted a time.
And then what OJ said just wanted a time.
WQAM.
Georgia.
Yes, sir.
I know a guy.
Okay.
Speak to Neil Bliss.
Sure, where you come from?
Hollywood.
Okay, let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Oh, no.
Yes, sir.
I know a guy.
Pretty good.
I understand that you're correct.
You just say the management of your station called you Friday Live from the Gulf Force.
Not the management.
And they expect you to put OJ on.
One of our, you know, our promotions director, but called and see where we put him on the air.
Well, they sure don't know you at all today.
No.
And I understand the men's.
You don't know our promotion director.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
Man, do I grip them one?
Yes, he did.
All right.
Nice call, man, dog.
Yes.
Congratulations.
You nailed man, dog, along with you.
All right.
That's all I got.
God bless you, sir.
And I'll pray for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah.
OJ is coming to QAM.
Yeah.
Oh, J is coming to QAM.
It comes with a kind of phone.
OJ, 10 to 2 with LT.
For a rich, Norton good time, 2 to 2 in QAM.
WQAM.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
OJ and LT were playing in a group behind us yesterday at Dural.
I think that's where he's going to move to.
Yesterday that we're still here.
Yep.
They're played in a group.
They're playing how birds are a feather kind of like swinging it together.
They laid it on every shot for us.
We're in front of them.
And no Drake can hardly walk.
They can walk down the hill backwards.
Great.
See you later, Nail.
OK, thanks.
That was it.
That's all that's his opinion.
He can barely walk though.
How do you like that?
You know those golf nerds.
We expect some kind of intelligent commentary from golf nerds.
No.
Oh, this is good.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, so I haven't told you yet about how to live longer.
Oh.
Don't choke on the sandwich.
That's not the answer.
Oh, man.
I just got a piece of meat and my throat.
Wig down in there too.
Man, I really knew that.
WQ-I-M.
Let me speak to Nail, please.
Speaking.
Nail, how are you?
Pretty good.
I had a joke for you.
WQ-I-M.
WQ-I-M.
WQ-I-M.
You know what I want to know is who the hell is watching OJ's kids?
It makes such a big deal about that he wanted custody when he's out playing golf with his ball.
And he's got to play golf, man.
That's the important thing.
The hell is Sydney and Justin?
Who the hell is watching them?
That's what it's like.
They're on the divorce court with Judge Judy.
It isn't as fun he doesn't think about.
He made his big deal out of what he loves to me.
He's pleased golf every week and leaves them all over for you four days at a time.
What kind of father is that?
Yeah, it's killing me thinking about it.
No, well, I'm just saying, you know, the kid, you know, not only took his mother away,
now he's out here in the round half the time.
He's probably got some bitch watching him.
Right.
Anyway, I hope OJ can sit in the head while you're lighting balls.
Okay, thanks.
18 hole.
Thank you so much.
WQ I am.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I am so glad to hear your father, Phil, is coming back.
Listen, I'm a loyal listener to you.
I've loved you.
You're the only gay man I love.
And I will not let it interfere with your show.
There you go.
Can I call some of you, douchebag?
No.
5670560.
We're all done with the douchebags.
Okay, that's a chapter.
The sorry chapter in my life that is closed.
Okay, it is closed.
It is history.
It is audio.
Let's hear it.
Bye-bye.
No more douchebags.
Kind of juvenile if he acts me.
Nine minutes after one at five, 60.
I mean, guys being juvenile, come on.
It's a...
No more than...
109 of QAM.
We got Hank Goldberg.
Oh, by the way, what I do with that memo, Bob,
where Hank's going to be going out again.
I thought we were cutting down on those.
Yeah, that's what I keep here.
We're cutting back on those outside deals.
Because we have so many technical problems and it's embarrassing.
And, you know, it's enough to get me all choked up and teary eyed.
I'll slash you with my knife while he calls on all of you.
All right.
There's not you, that other guy, why?
Because on all of you.
Oh!
Winding flowers would do well,
but I decided what the hell.
I would rather slash you a big thing.
Okay.
There's not a thing.
What are you talking about me?
That's right, I love you.
Bitch!
I love you.
You're not something.
Because you love me.
I love you.
Oh!
We had one, two, then we died.
So I decided to let die.
What are you talking about me?
Just like John Burberry and me.
Thank you, settle, great job.
I'll leave.
16 and 560.
I got three slips of paper under the door here during the break.
I can't say whose names are on them,
but all three of the people said that if OJ comes in, they're going out.
How do you like that?
OJ comes on here here on QAM.
Everybody's bailin' out.
So maybe we can have OJ all day.
And then while he's out, you know,
taking a little stab at life.
Maybe LT can fill the breach.
You know what I'm talking about? Fill the gap.
560, 560, 05, 560.
For a rip snortin' time, it's the OJ and LT show.
WQAM.
The Mondays are so boring and pop.
WQAM.
Yes, sir.
You need to tell me that you don't know who at QAM dial the phone
and hoard out the station and the sponsors and invite it OJ to that damn golf tournament.
No, I don't. Can you tell me?
How would you know?
I don't know, but you know, we...
The listeners show it like to know.
How am I going to find that out?
So it's like they keep it a big secret around here.
There's nobody that's willing to like spill the guts, huh?
Well, do you think that somebody around here will be bragging about it
with all the fallout that's happened?
Do you think somebody around here is going to be running the Hallsend Eye?
There's got to be somebody there who knows,
and it's just dying to leak the damn information.
Yeah.
Well, if they can slip the just an anonymous note under the door, we'll get on there.
And that's an abomination.
And this whole damn thing took place.
And if I was a sponsor and the good name or center one,
drag through the sleen.
Not to mention all the people on the air here who promoted this,
having been assured ahead of time, at least I was,
that OJ would have absolutely nothing to do with this.
Another big rock.
And also, by the way, remember,
the last couple of days they gave us a promo
to read that had the list of, you know, Don Strock and this one and that one.
And did OJ's name appear on that list?
No.
No, did L.T. appear on that list?
No.
Another big lie.
And maybe all the prostitutes in the whores over there can join L.T. and O.J.
and start their own radio station for all the,
whatever, you know what to listen to.
Okay.
Oh, it's right.
Thank you.
There's a guy that's pissed off and fired up.
At the about time, we had somebody that was as outraged as we are.
A disgrace.
An absolute positive disgrace to the human race.
Well, it went on here on Friday.
And of course, just like today that the goofball came in here and was giving me a big song
to dance about this very same issue on the year.
Oh, it's a big joke.
Everything to them is a big joke.
Everything to them.
You see, you can't worry about your own credibility when you don't have any.
That's why we got so many people.
They were credibility.
What's that?
Well, when you start screwing with other people's credibility,
that's when we start getting pissed off and fired up or however that goes.
Pissed up in your nose.
WQIN.
Captain, you're nil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
The sworn, and I wanted to let you know I was watching the today show.
And I had a Catholic representative and someone from the ACLU talking about this pro boner.
Virgin Mary, X-ramid business, yes.
That's right.
And the ACLU guy pretty much wiped his ass with the Catholic guy.
But what the argument the other guy kept making was that if we can't use government funds to promote any particular religion,
how can we be using government funds to Catholic cash that he kept playing.
So that was his whole argument.
That's a bunch of bolt crap.
I thought he was full of crap.
And Katie Currick sure we didn't have the ball to stand up to him on it either.
So the other thing I wanted to let you know is.
I understand it's network TV.
That's right next to God.
You got to understand that.
On Friday's show in Manish was out at the golf tournament.
There was a great moment that I thought you should card up.
He's interviewing Don Strock.
I think it's like in the first hour of the show.
Someone comes over and he's messing with him and managing like rips him in the ass and tells him to screw up
because he's trying to do a goddamn radio show.
I heard that.
Okay, so if you guys could pull that up, that would be great.
Take a deep meal.
Have a good day.
I'm pulling it up right now.
Okay.
You just flop back down.
It's a little on charge.
560, 7.0560.
Pound 560 on the 18T wireless line.
How many people in this audience think that Greg Reed knew ahead of time that he was aware of all this?
In fact, maybe even had a hand in arranging all these activities.
We're just thinking out loud because we're hearing a lot of very sad stories here inside the building.
And this is what happens when you can sort with the wrong people.
When I got home, I was mad or hell I called up Greg Reed from home about this OJ business.
Recounted the story just like I told you this morning and reminded him that I had been promised I had been assured.
On my behalf and on behalf of center one and everybody involved in this thing that OJ would not be invited would not participate.
And his response was oh my god, you mean to say that he actually showed up out there.
It was nothing like that.
It was like, oh well, who told you that?
Who promised you that?
And then after my conversation finished, come to fight out.
He came down here to George who was a witness to these meetings that we had with Luan,
Winick and Tracy Longgon, Kurosato about this golf tournament.
And I asked him the same thing.
Who promised you that OJ wouldn't be there?
As if it's difficult to understand why we wouldn't want to be associated with something that he was going to be involved in.
And also that obnoxious day when I came down here in the middle of my show while I was on the year.
And then started muttering after chewing the out of my word,
we promoting this golf tournament, which our promotions guide provided us with no information to promote it with.
And then started muttering about, well, how come you to want OJ?
He was found innocent.
I mean, this guy, these people, they live, they breathe, they sleep, they drink.
OJ, OJ, OJ.
I mean, I know I need to say, OJ was good for you, but too much OJ will kill anything, you know?
That moves with a machete.
It's a disease baby, it's an illness here in his building, it has to be carved out.
Oops, sorry, not a good expression.
It has to be sliced out.
WQAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, sir?
Okay.
I'm going to try my best to take off work and go see the show.
And I think just everybody goes see the Van Van show.
Yeah.
Because we got to take this county back from the Cuban dictators, and we need to do this altogether.
Okay.
This is crap.
Right.
See you, Neil.
Okay, well, you have a good time.
Okay, I'll be in Broward that night myself.
I'm not sure when it is, but I'll be in Broward.
I just figured it out.
I think I'm out of town that we can.
WQAM.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
One question.
Desroy, or Roy Foster have anything to do with that?
Roy, Roy, Roy.
Does he have anything to do with this?
Foster, who is it?
No, Roy Foster.
Does he have anything to do with one?
With OJ coming here.
I would say that if I were to start building a list of suspects, that Roy's name, that Roy's name,
would be very close to the top of the list.
He would be in my top two candidates of suspects.
Oh, man.
I've lost all respect for that gentleman.
Yeah.
He used to be a good dolphin, but he used to be a good dolphin.
Well, I'm not going to say gentlemen.
He and OJ, I mean, in other words, if association was a good thing, I would say,
if the other guy with OJ is what your criterion is going to be for judging him, then I forget it because the two of them are tight.
Oh, wow.
This is the man that was trying to get OJ on the ear on this radio station.
Oh, man.
What is he doing?
What is he thinking?
I think you're really pushing now when you use the word thinking.
Yes.
Have a great time.
Don't squeeze the juice.
Okay.
Was he using...
Roy!
And thinking in the same sentence, is that what he was saying?
Uh-huh.
Again, we're just thinking out loud here.
I have no evidence.
You know, we have no evidence.
We got to bring in Colombo, and we got to get Miss Agatha Christie, whatever her name was, Miss Marble.
In fact, you just think Miss Marble's a thing, and Colombo or Colombo's I used to be.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to get today.
Great.
You're doing screenless, huh?
I'm doing whatever I can.
Trying to mix it up a little here today.
Hey, Neil, how about this other word character?
A guy turns out a million dollars.
Yeah.
And any clients for like three quarters less than that.
Right.
And now he's committing suicide.
Because he couldn't pay his child support.
That's unbelievable.
How do you like that?
How stupid can people be Neil?
I'm going to put a chapter in about him in my book called Sparks Is Making Babies.
I'm going to be very interesting.
Okay, I have a great thing.
And of course, to do what they're in the Lansing, too, I take great umberage with that.
Especially after the Spartans beat Illinois there.
Nice going, Air Michigan State.
I love Billy Burr.
I don't look as good as old.
Poor Tommy Brady saw some of that Michigan game.
I hope Mad Dog's listening to that.
They probably not.
When Tommy Brady got hit like a god damn ham sandwich out of a counter.
Wow.
Head went bouncing off the turf there in Wisconsin.
A little concussion, maybe.
Don't mess with our boy Tommy Brady, baby.
I sat there with my head in my hands while I was watching that.
In fact, before I was watching that because Tommy Brady was on, I already had my head in my hand.
He's a very handsome young man.
I just can't see that exactly.
WQAM.
WQAM.
George.
Yes, sir.
What's up, man?
I worry, man.
Could I speak to Neil?
Where are you calling from?
I'm Pepper Pines.
Okay, let's go to Pepper Pines.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Neil, what are your comments about Demetrius?
Oh, F, I think is what he said.
They say, uh, something under his breath.
Oh, F.
I just got through sanded, man.
What are my comments about the Demetrius Underwood, huh?
What are my comments?
How is this for a comment about somebody that slashes himself in the neck?
Eeeh!
But why is everybody talking only about him and the fact not the fact that Jimmy, we could be special Johnson, is the one that tied his ass up?
As in, oh, hey, we've got nothing to lose, you know?
Nothing to lose except maybe our self-respect.
Kind of like here at QIM.
How can you lose your self-respect when you don't have any?
Don't forget, by the way, Hank won't be on today.
We got the OJLT show at 2 This afternoon.
Hank, don't know it yet.
You're gonna have to, who's gonna break it to him?
You think, uh, Jason, Josh?
Well, I mean, ordinarily the program director would tell a guy something like that.
But he gets so emotional, you know?
OJLT to the sixth.
Take that, Pete Boser, you jackass.
Yeah, I think we're gonna have a big guest still.
We're gonna pull in in our push and celebrate today.
And honor of all his new programming here in the market.
And honor of all his good stuff going on.
Are you sure?
Positive, man.
It's exciting time to be alive here in South Florida.
Wake up with the first piece.
Show row, Jeff DeFarris, the Steve Goldstein.
We need the mornings at 6.
Homely on 4th video, 5.
60 Q.A.M.
That'll get a sh** anymore.
Listen to me.
This is stand by and steam for sofa king.
Understand where everything is held to the high sofa king's standards.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's so fucking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's prices aren't as low.
They're so fucking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sofa king as a beautiful store,
I mean sofa king beautiful.
When I say staff is helpful,
I mean sofa king helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge.
A staff that's so fucking courteous
and prices that are so fucking low,
you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied, custom of frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You said it, Frankie.
So fucking good.
I don't want to be a programmer.
I'm sorry.
It's the 131.
I just keep, I just keep conjuring up the image of Friday.
It off your duck.
It was very emotional time here at about 130 when it's OJ Story broke.
It off your duck.
And there were a lot of people getting very hysterical,
very high strung people, you know,
squirting a few here and there.
5, 6, 7, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10,
and pop 5, 6, 10, on the AT&T wireless line.
A little bit of a new twist here today.
A little more neon, a little less of some of these callers.
And you know what, we're already making a little bit of progress.
But the role wasn't built in a day, you know?
It wasn't built in a day.
It takes a little bit of time.
You'll see.
It'll be a perfect fit.
WQAN.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, I went to play something for Neil.
Okay.
Where are you calling from?
Where am I calling from?
Yeah.
I'll meet you.
Okay, here's your call from Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, I got something to play for you.
Okay.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
We got this.
Thank God I'm a pubic here.
It's a problem.
Okay, thanks.
We got it from better quality, but thanks to the effort.
It was Cesar.
It was okay.
I know you love him.
My scale is zero, it was like a minus.
Oh!
There was no letter to my team.
Other intentions were good.
She had an all-cute up there and you peed under Parade.
God damn it.
We're going to find out.
We're going to get to the bottom of this whole thing.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised with all the connections we got with the limo drivers out there.
That's the way to go about this.
We'll find out from the limo driver who paid the limo driver
for OG and LT to go to that goddamn locker moron on the Friday.
That would be a good way to approach this thing, huh?
Would that be the ultimate embarrassment?
We got people around here waiting to get their bonuses.
People who wait and wait and wait and wait months to get paid.
Wouldn't that be something if a place that's always crying and poor mouth?
A place that makes the employees buy their own station trinkets, t-shirts, and the crap?
I can't believe.
I've been a million years.
Longing shifted out.
That's right, I can't.
WQAM.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
If OJ moves here, which is inevitable, I think people ought to do what we, my family, did.
We're all moving out.
That's right.
We're all going to leave it to him.
Well, better than that.
When we went to LA a few years ago, I found his house in Rockingham.
I'm going to ask my wife and daughter to hit in the car.
I turned up the cassette player, Fobla asked.
I played one of your old tapes back to wife.
And it was outside there.
And I made quite a commotion there.
Great.
And I'm only sorry somebody didn't bring a boom box to the golf course.
That's what people need to do.
I hope this guy was wrong because I ran over the weekend in one of the tabloids, which I always read on a plane to kill out of good time.
I was reading that it looks like he's moving to the Bahamas or somewhere now.
Which believe me if there was ever a match made in heaven.
Yeah, that's it.
He's as hospitable as they are.
You want to mention, you want me mentioning a classic call you had over the years.
I have an on tape.
If you remember the guy who once called you, you would have to do with the big important story of the day with the stamp.
Whether it should be the younger, the old, fat, Elvis.
And this guy was dead serious before.
Oh yeah.
But the anesthesia stamp.
Yeah, we have that.
Oh, that's a classic.
Yeah.
All right, last but not least.
Yes, sir.
As my daughter got shine, I called you a few months ago how you were talking about the radio stations here buying the audience.
Right.
My daughter entered this contest with Y100 and at the end after she had won and did jump through all their hoops, they found out, oh, you're not 21.
Well, you can't have the prize.
We'll send you.
Well, who the hell on Y100 is 21 anyway?
They got nobody listening over the age of 19.
Well, they shine to a base because they didn't tell her originally when the contest ran.
You had it the over 21.
The Wendy's free ticket.
The pony contested Y100 again.
They once got in big trouble over that years ago.
Well, it's three months since I last called you and I think I'll tell you now.
She's still waiting for the stinkin' frickin' movie ticket.
How do you like that?
Have a good day.
Thanks.
It's a killer, you know.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Well, you know, so I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this paternity business that you mentioned.
And I just wanted to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends or?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, it means.
What does that have to do with this?
It has to do with everybody.
It has to do with the paternity.
And not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on.
But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
I have two best friends.
One is straight, one is gay.
I've never had sex with either one of them.
I've never seen either one of them naked.
Or have any desire to do either one of the above.
Okay, in the paternity.
Don't take showers with them.
Don't stab towels at them.
All right.
In the paternity house, we don't socialize by taking showers together.
If a guy takes a shower and the other guy has got to go to class, he goes in the shower as well.
It's not a question of socializing in the shower.
Well, I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities.
We're talking about hazing and initiations of fraternity and group sex.
I'll tell you about hazing and initiation.
When you're in the age of adolescence, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college,
whatever it may college may be, fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you.
What I say like you, I mean they like the same nature as they play the same sports.
They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason, I can't explain why,
become your good friends for life.
Now, when you have a good friend, and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend of yours,
you share experiences with them.
And part of becoming a sexual experience is, no.
Well, it could be, it could be two guys on a girl.
It could be two girls on two guys.
It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls.
The experience, sexual or non-sexual is irrelevant.
No, no, it's not irrelevant at all.
Of course it is.
No, it is not.
When you're in the fraternity, your goals are to make friends.
Because you have friends.
Sir, because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends, doesn't mean a, that you take showers with them
because you're going to be friends for a long time.
And b, certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them.
Can I have a group sex with them?
You know, some of the, I belong to a health club.
And in the health club that I belong to is a completely heterosexual health club.
Yeah.
But the shower is a shower with six falls on it.
Now do you think that I've become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers?
I have no idea.
You can answer that question.
But that's not what I'm doing.
I will tell you this.
There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point.
That's beside the point.
Me personally, I do not.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity, eating health clubs.
I do not go and join the fraternity.
I mean, we believe you don't sound offensive.
We believe you.
We have a point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex and whatnot is not a question.
What is the point of group sex?
The point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming close to another.
What is the point of making out other?
What is the point of making the young kids get naked?
I'll tell you exactly what it is.
I'll tell you.
I'll give you a straight forward answer.
Please.
The straight answer.
When you belong to a fraternity.
And I'll say it again.
You belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life.
And part of the fraternity.
Why is that retirement getting naked for you?
Let me finish.
Part of the experience of having a best friend.
Whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with.
Or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with.
If you share intimate moments.
Not intimate moments.
Not sexual.
When I think intimate, I don't mean sexual.
I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who is not your friend.
For example, I'm talking about something.
This sounds so faggy to me that even I'm embarrassed for you, sir.
You want to know what I'm talking about?
Sounds very faggy to me.
Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys.
You're never going to share that experience with anybody else.
Not even your wife or your kids or any other friends that you make your friends.
Why would you run?
Why would you run or run?
That is a bunch of guys.
That is a bunch of guys.
Why do you want to do that?
Hold on.
Hazing is not a question of you wanting.
You don't have a choice.
Right.
Because one thing.
And why do you want to force these kids to be naked?
Why do they always have to take their clothes off?
My clouted friend.
I don't have every day, I can't hear you.
You're getting the showers at the gym.
Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal?
I don't have every day experience.
People do not have an opportunity to walk around naked.
Nor do they make it.
You're not going to stop.
Stop.
Stop when I'm talking.
We're in stop with a theme and a theme bath.
Let's get back to the meat of the matter.
Tell me why you want to see.
Make these guys get naked.
What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect.
Respect for us.
No, it's a matter of lack of respect.
Respect for them by you.
No.
It's a matter of lack of respect.
If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to degrade themselves and embarrass them.
Humiliate themselves.
If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys, who says that?
I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this.
Without any more discussion, it's very simple.
A child could tell you.
If somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend, I'll pass.
There's a good message for all your kids out there.
If any other male, your age, older, whatever age,
if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked,
hanky, panky in order to be a part of their club, in order to be your buddy,
in order to be their pal, run like a bandit, run like a son of a bitch.
That's the best call I've ever had in my life.
Hey, man.
See, now I understand the thing about Rimmer thinking he was my best friend because the last time when he was over the house
a couple weeks ago to bring me the Panther tickets, he was asking if I wanted to take a shower with him.
This is 560, QAM.
Oh, man.
I said, I'm going to do something bad because you know, I'm staying up and I'm thinking about fold,
you know, I'm going to do something bad.
I'm going to do food and other things.
I'll tell him, I'll do a collage, we'll settle down, we'll do everything.
I didn't do nothing.
I was like, I'm going to die with my mother, I'm going to die with my mother.
So, I'm going to die with my mother.
And he said, I'm going to go to the corner with my brother.
You know, bump into him, say, I'm going to bump into him.
I didn't do nothing.
So, what am I doing with that, really?
I'm saying, oh, they should be doing something.
So, what's up with that, man?
I didn't do nothing.
I'm running back and I'm going to do nothing.
I didn't do nothing.
I'm going to wipe foam, I'm going to go, you know, something, I'm going to ask you to go to my
aching, you know, but I didn't go to my aching, because you know, I'm going to have to go to my aching,
and I'm going to jump through the door, because you know, I'm going to say, I'm going to go,
I'm going to jump through the door, but I'm going to go, I'm going to get over the bump
and then I can go, you know, and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going to jump through the door, and then I'm going to jump through the door,
and then I'm going from Boka.
Okay, I said here's Boka. Hello.
I wonder if you're aware of the growing scandal going on here in Boka.
And what is that?
The Italians are trying to muscle into the Jewish Dali business.
Uh-huh. Very upset about it.
Yes. There's a growing war.
Well, the thing you know, the Jews will be trying to muscle into the pizza business like a pizza log.
There's a growing war out here, and you'll be between...
Oh, okay, thanks. Thanks for the exciting news.
WQIN.
WQIN.
Hi. Yes, sir.
Hi. It's like speaking to Neil.
We're coming from?
Uh-for Lauderdale.
Okay, here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hi, listen.
I wonder if you happen to see yesterday's local section for Lauderdale paper
where Ken Jen is staying in front of the picture.
The map of Broward County, how he's planning on taking over every place.
Yeah.
He's planning on moving in so he can rush to the fair.
Yeah.
I don't know if that's that's exciting.
I don't know if he's going to grow a little mustache, do you notice that?
Oh, yeah. He wants to get that history thing going.
He's working on it.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
You're all check it out.
Yeah, Ken Jenny and Broward and of course, they don't need a Ken Jenny and Dave
because you got all the old Cubans who are at Domino Park
where there were Spanish radio language stations going...
I'm going to go.
24 hours a day, urging civil disobedience
and causing enormous strife and chaos everywhere they can here in South Florida.
Unbelievable.
5,670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
WQIM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling to speak to Neil.
Where are you calling from?
Princeton.
Princeton, New Jersey.
No, Princeton.
Oh, Princeton, Florida.
Okay, hold on.
Okay, here's a call in Princeton. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
This thing with the OJ.
Yes.
It was on Channel 10 the other night and some guy named Sam.
I can't think of his last name from WQAM.
Sam Duschman, yeah.
Sam Dusch, right?
He clearly indicated that WQAM had sponsored this thing with OJ that they invited him and
they provided all the services for him.
So if you want to know who paid for his limo, that's the guy that's...
Well, what are you saying now?
I find that just astonishing.
What words did he say?
I mean, as best you can remember.
Well, it's best if I can remember Neil.
He was interviewed and...
Is this Sam Dusch?
Yes, Sam.
He was on Channel 10 and you know how the media can put stories together and they showed
WQAM and then they showed Jim, Mad Dog, Mandage, and then they showed OJ and they made it
seem like...
Well, what did Mandage have to do with it?
No.
The Mandage didn't say anything but the media made it seem like...
Mandage ripped him an ass.
Like, Mandage was all in with this thing.
Right.
And then afterwards they said, and Sam, he said, oh, well, we're very proud to have OJ and
he's a celebrity and this is a celebrity golf tournament and that's the reason we invited
him and that's the reason we provided the services for him to get there.
I am so pleased that there is no doubt Neil that this guy and Greg Reed and his whole
bunch of crunies, they did this, no doubt about it.
It was on Channel 10.
I mean, this guy was clearly...
I mean, he was gloating.
He was gloating that we had OJ in this tournament.
It was all planned.
They didn't want to mention it to you because they know you were going to rip him an ass
if they had.
So they just kept it under the ball.
This was in violation of an agreement that we had to do this thing in the first place.
Well, we...
Look, Sam, while the center one people didn't want to be associated with OJ, I didn't want
to be associated with OJ.
I'm sure that nobody else on this radio station, I can't speak for them, but I have my feelings.
I know Mandage made a real clear there today.
Now, but you nobody else on this station wants to be affiliated with OJ.
Oh, yeah.
Well, when Mandage soon came on the radio, he didn't hear that he wasn't going to have any
acts murderous.
